CNN Student News  -- October 1 , 2010 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Ayodhya , India • Tulsa , Oklahoma Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : It 's the start of a new month , the start of the government 's fiscal year -- we 'll explain why that one 's important in a second -- and of course , it is the most awesome day of the week . I 'm Carl Azuz . Let 's get started . First Up : Budget Deadline AZUZ : First up , Congress votes to keep the government running , at least for another two months . Here 's the deal : The government has a budget for every fiscal , or financial year , which starts on October 1st . The budget says where different money goes and how it 's spent . Congress has to pass that budget ; they have n't done that yet . Without a budget , the government would shut down . So this week , Congress passed what 's called a stop-gap measure . That 's going to keep things running for two months . Some people say that Congress only passed the stop-gap to avoid tough questions from voters . This is an election year and it might be hard to get re-elected if you have to explain why you voted against the budget and let the government shut down . Other folks are upset that Congress would n't stick around to work on the budget . After they passed the stop-gap , most Congressmen and women headed home to campaign . These budget delays are n't a new thing though . Over the last 35 years , Congress has missed the October 1st deadline more often than it 's made it . Shoutout TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Today 's Shoutout goes out to Mrs. Hudgins ' 8th grade World History class at Opelika Middle School in Opelika , Alabama ! What is the second most populated country in the world ? Is it : A  India , B  China , C  Russia or D  the United States ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! With more than one billion people , India is second on the list , right behind China . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Holy Site Divided AZUZ : Most of that population , around 80 percent , follows the Hindu religion . There are also more than 160 million Muslims in India . And those two groups -- plus one smaller religious group -- have been fighting over a holy site in India . All three groups say it should belong to them . Yesterday , a court ruling ordered the groups to divide up the site . India 's government sent out extra security forces after the decision to try and keep things calm . In the past , the fighting over this holy site has led to violence in different parts of the country . Sara Sidner explains how this fight started . BEGIN VIDEO SARA SIDNER , CNN CORRESPONDENT , NEW DELHI : The legal battle over this piece of land in Ayodhya , India has spanned more than a century . The bitter dispute pits Hindus against Muslims and has sparked some of the deadliest riots the country has experienced since partition . MUSHIRUL HASAN , DIRECTOR GENERAL OF ARCHIVES : Ayodhya has captured the imaginations of the people in and around that region for well over 150 years . For the first time after independence though , the problem surfaced in 1949 when an idol was placed in the mosque . SIDNER : The main fight is over who is entitled to this piece of land some consider sacred . In the 1500s , a mosque was built on the site by India 's then Muslim rulers . But Hindus believe long before the mosque was constructed , a temple stood to mark the birthplace of one of their most adored Hindu dieties , Lord Ram . END VIDEO This Day in History -LSB- ON SCREEN GRAPHIC -RSB- October 1 , 1908 -- Ford unveils the Model T , the first affordable car mass produced in the U.S. October 1 , 1949 -- People 's Republic of China is established as a communist nation October 1 , 1958 -- NASA , the National Aeronautics and Space Administration , opens its doors October 1 , 1982 -- The first CDs , compact discs , are released to the public Is This Legit ? MICHELLE WRIGHT , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Is this legit ? Light travels at more than 180,000 miles per second . Legit ! And a light-year , the distance that light can travel in one year , is around 5.8 trillion miles . New Planet Discovered AZUZ : Scientists say a newly discovered planet that 's about 20 light years away from Earth could be the closest thing they 've found out there so far to our home world . It 's called Gliese 581g and this is an artist 's conception of what it looks like . The red thing is a dwarf star . Gliese 581g orbits the star kinda like the Earth orbits the sun . The similarities do n't stop there . Experts think this planet has enough gravity to keep an atmosphere around it . They say there 's also a good chance that there 's water on the planet . But , there is at least one difference and it 's pretty significant . One of the scientists who discovered the planet explains . STEVEN VOGT , UNIV. . OF CALIFORNIA , SANTA CRUZ : This planet does n't have days and nights . Wherever you are on this planet , the sun is in the same position , or the star is in the same position all the time . So , it keeps one side facing towards the star , and that 's fairly warm . And the other side is in perpetual nighttime . The Enviropig AZUZ : Sticking with the science theme , people are always looking for ways to help this planet . Well , some scientists are squealing about an idea that involves pigs . You 've heard of green eggs and ham . Take out the eggs . Allan Chernoff introduces us to enviropig ! BEGIN VIDEO ALLAN CHERNOFF , CNN SR. . CORRESPONDENT : It looks just like a pig . PROF. RICHARD MOCCIA , UNIVERSITY OF GUELPH : It looks , sounds , acts identical to a normal Yorkshire pig . CHERNOFF : But it is different genetically . To create this pig , scientists here added an E. coli bacteria gene and mouse DNA to a normal pig embryo . They call it an enviropig . I mean , actually , the idea is that someone like this could end up on a dinner plate . MOCCIA : Certainly , one of the goals of the technology is to produce a pig which could be consumed by humans and enter the food chain . We have done extensive testing , though , on the various internal organs and different meat cuts from the enviropig , looked at the nutritional content . They 're identical to a normal Yorkshire pig . LARISA RUDENKO , FOOD AND DRUG ADMINISTRATION : What I can tell the American public is that no food from a genetically-engineered animal will go on the market unless the FDA has demonstrated that it 's safe . CHERNOFF : But the original idea was not to create a bigger , tastier pig . Why create a pig like this ? MOCCIA : To try to control and reduce the environmental footprint of pig farming around the world by reducing the amount of phosphorous that the pig produces . CHERNOFF : Phosphorous is a nutrient that helps the pigs grow , but that they ca n't fully digest . So , much of it comes out in their manure . Farmers use that manure as fertilizer . When it rains , some of the manure runs off into the watershed , meaning plenty of phosphorous gets into our rivers and lakes . The enviropig 's genetic additions allow it to digest more phosphorous . About 50 percent more , according to researchers . That means half as much in its manure , and that 's why it 's called enviropig . But the head of the Center for Food Safety , an organization promoting organic agriculture , says hog farming needs to change , not the pigs . ANDREW KIMBRELL , CENTER FOR FOOD SAFETY : It 's a completely novel cell invasion technology where we are crossing the boundaries of nature as no other generation has before . END VIDEO Blog Report AZUZ : Civility . A study at Rutgers University examines it . We asked on our blog how you would "  bring back nice . " Kaleb writes that "  people are constantly thinking of themselves , so they ca n't think or be nice to anyone else . " Jessica suggests "  having a council meeting , a pep talk or some sort of rally on why it 's important to be nice to others . " Wesley says "  students could interact with people face-to-face instead of over phones or computers . Why do n't we do that , " he asks . Melissa feels "  we should start out by teaching kids ways to be polite . A lot of people are rude without even realizing it . " Angela thinks "  it could help to have courtesy classes in schools . " In her opinion , politeness is decreasing drastically . On the blog , we only read comments with first names ; no initials , no schools . Please stick to first names only . Teachers ' Lounge Promo AZUZ : We 've been asking for your thoughts about bullying on our blog . Teachers , we want to hear what you have to say , too . Go to CNNStudentNews.com , scroll down to the CNN Teachers ' Lounge . That 's where you can sound off on education issues . This week 's question : What do you think schools should do about bullying ? Before We Go AZUZ : Before we go today , we 've all heard that story about the tortoise beating the hare . But now we get to see what happens when that tell-tale tortoise takes on someone its own size . Not much . What these speed demons lack in speed , they make up for in -- I do n't know -- determination ? Well , there is something that 's sort of interesting : last year 's winner lost . Goodbye AZUZ : We guess he 's just a shell of his former self . See ? You see ? Even the pun possibilities contort us into bad jokes . You guys have a good weekend . Please join us back on Monday when we return . For CNN Student News , I 'm Carl Azuz .	Find out what a stop-gap measure is and why Congress just passed one Explore the history of tension surrounding a religious site in India Consider the debate over engineering an environmentally-friendly pig Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
A U.S. patient who had an infection of the mysterious MERS virus has recovered , the Florida Department of Health announced Monday . The patient , a health care provider who lives and works in Saudi Arabia , has been discharged , the department said . He was admitted to Dr. P. Phillips Hospital in Orlando on May 9 . "  All health care workers and household contacts who had contact with the patient were tested for MERS-CoV and all of those results have come back negative , " the health department said in a statement . "  There is no broad risk of MERS-CoV infection for the general public , and no threat to those traveling to the Orlando area . " MERS-CoV stands for Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus . The Florida patient is not a U.S. citizen , said Dr. Anne Schuchat , director of the CDC 's National Center for Immunization and Respiratory Diseases . He is one of three people in the United States who have been confirmed to have had MERS , which can be fatal . The first U.S. diagnosis was in an Indiana man who had traveled to Saudi Arabia and is also a health care provider . The Florida and Indiana cases are not linked , Schuchat said . The Indiana patient had "  extended face-to-face contact " and shook hands with a man from Illinois during a 40-minute business meeting , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said Saturday . This is believed to represent the first transmission of MERS within the United States , officials said . The Illinois man said he was suffering only mild cold-like symptoms and did not seek or require medical care , Dr. David Swerdlow told reporters . A blood test indicated that he had been previously infected with MERS . "  We think that this patient was likely infected with MERS . But technically he does n't count as an official case of MERS , " he said . MERS : 5 things to know What is MERS ? To date , there have been more than 570 confirmed cases of MERS , including 171 deaths , according to the World Health Organization . The number of countries with confirmed cases has expanded to 18 , with a case in the Netherlands , according to the WHO . The global health authority has seen a sharp uptick since the middle of March , especially in Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates . MERS is a coronavirus , the same group of viruses as the common cold . It attacks the respiratory system , according to the CDC . Symptoms can lead to pneumonia or kidney failure . It was first found in the Arabian Peninsula in 2012 . No one knows exactly how the virus originated , but evidence implicating camels is emerging . In a recently published study in mBio , researchers said they isolated live MERS virus from two single-humped camels , known as dromedaries . They found multiple substrains in the camel viruses , including one that perfectly matches a substrain isolated from a human patient . There is no vaccine or special treatment for MERS . Doctors say they believe the Indiana patient 's quick diagnosis and care dramatically increased his chances of getting better . The "  risk to the general public remains very low , " Schuchat said . In some countries , the virus has spread from person to person , but only when they were in close contact , such as when a person was caring for an ill person . "  This virus has not shown the ability to spread easily from person to person in community settings , " she said . Out of "  an abundance of caution , " the CDC has been contacting people who were passengers on the same flights as the Florida and Indiana patients with confirmed MERS , Schuchat said . No cases of MERS have been diagnosed as a result of transmission on a plane , the CDC 's Dr. Marty Cetron said . The Florida patient The 44-year-old Florida patient traveled on May 1 from Jeddah , Saudi Arabia , to London , then from London to Boston , Boston to Atlanta , and finally Atlanta to Orlando . The man began feeling unwell on the flight from Jeddah , with symptoms including "  fever , chills and a slight cough , " Schuchat said . He now tests negative for the virus , the Florida Health Department said . Opinion : Will MERS become a global threat ?	A patient with MERS in Florida has been discharged Three people in the U.S. have had confirmed MERS infections MERS was first found in the Arabian Peninsula in 2012
CNN  -- The United States believes that some members of Pakistan 's spy service provided support for the deadly bombing last month of India 's Embassy in Afghanistan , a U.S. counterterrorism official told CNN Friday . The Indian Embassy in Kabul was badly damaged in the July 7 bombing . Pakistan strongly denied the allegation Friday , but Afghanistan and India have previously accused Pakistan of involvement in the attack which killed 58 people including an Indian defense attache . The official told CNN the evidence was not strong enough to draw a firm conclusion but there is a "  strong suspicion " the Taliban was behind the attack , and that some unspecified aid came from Pakistan 's Directorate of Inter-Services Intelligence , or ISI . The official would not say how the intelligence was gathered , but he said the evidence was presented to senior Pakistani officials by a top CIA official , Deputy Director Stephen Kappes . The New York Times , sourcing U.S. government officials , reported Friday that the United States intercepted communications between Pakistani intelligence officers and militants who carried out the attack in Kabul . Pakistani Maj. Gen. Athar Abbas said the report "  unfounded and malicious " and an "  effort to malign the ISI , " -- Pakistan 's Directorate of Inter-Services Intelligence . The bombing killed 58 people . "  The ISI is a very disciplined organization , manned by military officials . It has played the most crucial role in the war on terror and apprehended members of al Qaeda , the Taliban , and those linked to the attack on mainland America on 9/11 , " Abbas said . Abbas said "  despite our insistence , no evidence has been provided to us about these allegations . " Afghanistan claims Pakistan informally supports militants operating from havens in Pakistan 's lawless tribal regions near the porous 1,500-mile border the two countries share . Earlier this month , Afghan lawmakers directly accused Pakistan 's ISI in connection with a string of attacks in Afghanistan . Among these were the Kabul strike and an assassination attempt on Afghan President Hamid Karzai at an April 27 military ceremony . A senior Afghan government official said the charges were based on phone intercepts of conversations of plotters in Kabul with ISI officers in Pakistan . A U.S. government official , who would not comment on the specifics of the New York Times story , said , "  We 've long noted the troubling reports of a relationship between the ISI and the Taliban , and the incident at the Indian Embassy seems to fit the pattern of those reports . " India has previously blamed militants from Pakistan for the July 7 car bombing at the embassy . Wajid Shamsul Hasan , Pakistan 's high commissioner to Britain , and Hamid Gul , former head of the ISI , firmly denied the agency 's involvement in the attack . Watch Pakistan deny the allegations " "  There seems to be a bit of sensationalism in this story , " Hasan said . He said the government has regularly denied claims that ISI is involved with militants in Afghanistan and noted that Pakistan has been cooperating in the fight against terrorism . Gul said the claims are "  preposterous " and "  totally false , " and cautioned that the CIA has been proven to be wrong about intelligence in the past . The New York Times report also sourced the U.S. officials as saying "  there was new information showing that members of the Pakistani intelligence service were increasingly providing militants with details about the American campaign against them , in some cases allowing militants to avoid American missile strikes in Pakistan 's tribal areas . " Pakistan and Afghanistan have a tumultuous past . During the Soviet occupation of Afghanistan in the 1980s , religious schools in Pakistan helped train fighters who battled the Soviets . After the Taliban took over Afghanistan in 1996 and imposed fundamentalist rule , Pakistan was one of the few countries that recognized the regime diplomatically . It dropped its support after the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks on Washington and New York . Pakistan also has a troubled history with India , and in the past India has accused the ISI of supporting militant separatists in Indian-administered Kashmir , which has been the root of two wars between them .	U.S. intelligence points to Pakistan agents involved in attack on Indian Embassy Pakistan denies its spy agency helped plan bombing that killed 58 Maj. Gen. Athar Abbas said the report was an "  effort to malign the ISI " India and Afghanistan both accuse Pakistan of role in the attack
CNN  -- Rescue workers Tuesday recovered the body of a child from debris left by a landslide in China 's southwestern Guizhou province , state-run media reported . The child 's body was the first to be recovered after a rain-triggered landslide buried 107 people from 38 families Monday afternoon . The child , yet to be identified , was found at 5:50 p.m. under rubble in Gangwu township , a rescue headquarters spokesman told the Xinhua news agency . Chances of survival for the others was "  slim , " rescue workers said . A survivor described the mudslide 's speed , which left little time to escape . "  I called the others to flee . But it was too late . I saw some people behind me being buried , " villager Cen Chaoyang told Xinhua in a telephone interview . Rescuers had to run three miles to reach the site , which is not accessible by vehicle . Rain and landslides continue to plague the region , Xinhua said . The tourism industry has already been affected by the severe weather . Officials have closed 35 of the top scenic spots in the region , Xinhua reported .	NEW : 107 people buried have slim chance of survival Mudslide caused by heavy rain in southwest China Survivor fled but saw people behind him buried
CNN  -- The brother of U.S. Senator Mark Udall of Colorado has gone missing after backpacking alone in the Rocky Mountains . Randy Udall , 61 , went on a hike of the Wind River Range in Wyoming on June 20 and was expected back six days later . After the experienced hiker did not return , family members reported him missing , said the Sublette County Sheriff 's office . Rescue crews and helicopters scouring mountain passes have been unable to locate him , said sheriff 's spokesman Stephen Smith . Udall was familiar with the area , Smith said . The trail he was on was well marked , but the terrain was rough . Sen. Mark Udall , a Democrat , was elected into office in 2008 . Before that he served in the House of Representatives for 10 years . He has been an outspoken critic of the collection of telephone and metadata by the National Security Agency and advocates changes to the Patriot Act to protect Americans ' right to privacy .	Randy Udall is an avid hiker and was familiar with the trail he was on He started out on June 20 and was expected back in six days Rescue crews and helicopters are scouring the Wind River Range
Health.com  -- Used to be , when you grabbed breakfast on the go , it was a diet disaster : nothing but fat-and-calorie bombs like butter-soaked croissants and jumbo muffins . Now , it 's much easier to do right by your body : Fast-food legends like McDonald 's and IHOP , as well as newbies like Cosi and Panera Bread , offer surprisingly healthy options that are filling , light , and much easier on your arteries . The key to finding a healthy breakfast , says Christine Gerbstadt , MD , RD , spokeswoman for the American Dietetic Association , is finding a good-for-you mix of complex carbs  like whole grains  , protein , and healthy fats to keep you satisfied . So with that in mind , we asked our team of experts to choose and rank the best a.m. grub . Here , the standouts -- and why each one made the cut . 1 . Spinach Florentine Breakfast Wrap  Cosi Meet the breakfast wrap that packs nearly as much protein as a burger . That 's an award-worthy benefit : "  When you wake up , your body has n't had fuel for about 10 to 12 hours , " says Dr. Gerbstadt , one of our judges . So this standout refuels you and keeps you satisfied so you do n't overnosh the rest of the day . "  With most other breakfasts , you would need to add another food to get this much protein , " Gerbstadt explains . "  Plus , the fiber content is much higher than you 'd usually find in such a high-protein meal . " Calories 334 ; Fat 21g  sat 8g  ; Protein 24g ; Carbohydrate 21g ; Fiber 11g ; Sodium 516mg Room for improvement : The fat content is on the high side  since the wrap is made with eggs  , so eat low-fat fare throughout the day -- or split this hearty pick with a friend . Health.com : America 's top 10 healthiest fast food restaurants 2 . Protein Artisan Snack Plate  Starbucks This Starbucks sampler scores high for having all the components of an ultra-satisfying breakfast -- protein , fiber , whole grains , and fresh produce , says panelist Frances Largeman-Roth , RD , senior food and nutrition editor at Health magazine . You get to nibble on yummy fare -- hard-boiled egg , cheddar and apple slices , multigrain muesli bread , grapes , and honey peanut butter spread -- in the right portions , Largeman-Roth explains : "  It 's like a healthy tapas plate for breakfast . " Calories 370 ; Fat 19g  sat 6g  ; Protein 13g ; Carbohydrate 36g ; Fiber 4g ; Sodium 470mg Room for improvement : Along with all that protein and fiber , you get 19 grams of fat . Tip : Eat half of either the honey peanut butter spread or the cheese . 3 . Berry Topper Ideal Meal  Jamba Juice The name is spot on . "  It really is an ideal meal because it meets all of your nutrient needs , " says judge and nutrition expert Robin Miller , the host of Quick Fix Meals on the Food Network . It 's made with yogurt and soy milk , great sources of calcium and vitamin D two nutrients women often lack . Also blended in are vitamin C -- packed strawberries , blueberries , and bananas . And the organic pumpkin flaxseed granola gives you a dose of healthy fats for heart health . Calories 300 ; Fat 4.5 g  sat 0.5 g  ; Protein 9g ; Carbohydrate 59g ; Fiber 7g ; Sodium 85mg  for 12 ounces Room for improvement : Stick to the small  12-ounce  size -- larger serving sizes load on the calories . Health.com : The best fat-burning breakfasts 4 . Apple Cinnamon Oatmeal  Au Bon Pain It 's no surprise that two oatmeals made our list . Oatmeal is a favorite among dietitians because it contains two kinds of fiber : the insoluble kind , which helps prevent constipation , and the soluble type , which digests slowly to help regulate blood sugar . "  Oatmeal is more filling than many other cereals , " Gerbstadt explains . Au Bon Pain 's oatmeal edged past the McDonald 's version  # 6  because it has less saturated fat and sodium , plus more protein and fiber . Still , you ca n't go wrong with either . Calories 280 ; Fat 4g  sat 1g  ; Protein 8g ; Carbohydrate 56g ; Fiber 7g ; Sodium 10mg Room for improvement : The protein content is a bit low : Make it more filling by eating a few nuts or a yogurt on the side . 5 . Scrambled Egg Whites , Chicken Sausage , and Fruit  Denny 's Yes , you can have eggs and sausage ! But pass over the Grand Slam menu and look for these better-for-you breakfast "  sides " to design your own morning meal . "  This is a really well-rounded breakfast , " Largeman-Roth says . It 's not too high in sodium , either ; a surprise for a sausage breakfast , she says . Calories 230 ; Fat 9g  sat 0g  ; Protein 19g ; Carbohydrate 19g ; Fiber 3g ; Sodium 447mg Room for improvement : Order a piece of whole-grain toast  without butter or margarine  to increase the fiber factor , adding about 100 more calories . Health.com : 7 breakfasts under 300 calories 6 . Fruit & Maple Oatmeal  McDonald 's The judges praised McDonald 's for adding this good-for-you pick with fresh fruit to its menu  breakfast antioxidants at the drive-through -- nice  . This tasty treat includes diced green and red apples , dried cranberries , raisins , a touch of cream , and brown sugar . Plus oatmeal 's soluble fiber helps lower cholesterol and control blood sugar , helping to fight off diabetes , Largeman-Roth says . Calories 260 ; Fat 4.5 g  sat 1.5 g  ; Protein 7g ; Carbohydrate 48g ; Fiber 5g ; Sodium 115mg  for oatmeal without brown sugar Room for improvement : Watching calories ? Order it without the brown sugar to save 30 calories . "  You wo n't miss it with all the fruity flavors , " Largeman-Roth explains . 7 . Simple & Fit Veggie Omelette  IHOP A veggie omelette is a great way to sneak more nutrient - and fiber-rich produce into your power breakfast , Miller says . In this case you get a flavor-fest of green peppers , mushrooms , onions , and oven-roasted tomatoes . "  And the side of fruit adds a nice  sweet  touch , " she says . Calories 320 ; Fat 10g  sat 1g  ; Protein 21g ; Carbohydrate 40g ; Fiber 8g ; Sodium 420mg Room for improvement : This omelette is made with "  egg substitute "  which contains mostly egg whites  ; if you prefer the real thing , ask your server to substitute egg whites instead . Health.com : 5 shortcuts to a heart-healthy diet 8 . Western Egg White & Cheese Muffin Melt  Subway For just 160 calories , this melt with egg whites , Black Forest ham , green peppers , American and Monterey Jack cheeses , and red onion stacked on an English muffin lets you eat light without feeling even a little bit deprived . Do n't like peppers or onions ? Order your melt with fresh tomatoes and spinach instead . If you want something more substantial , round out your meal with Subway 's packaged apple slices or yogurt . Calories 160 ; Fat 4g  sat 1.5 g  ; Protein 15g ; Carbohydrate 19g ; Fiber 5g ; Sodium 680mg Room for improvement : This pick did n't show up higher on our list because the sodium count is high . 9 . Egg White Turkey Sausage Wake-Up Wrap  Dunkin' Donuts No need to deprive yourself if you 're watching calories and fat : The reduced-fat cheddar cheese , egg whites , spinach , and turkey sausage in this winner from Dunkin' Donuts make this a healthy indulgence . Calories 150 ; Fat 5g  sat 2.5 g  ; Protein 11g ; Carbohydrate 14g ; Fiber 1g ; Sodium 400mg Room for improvement : This pick tastes rich , but it 's small , so it may not keep you full for as long as the egg options higher on our list , Largeman-Roth explains . It 's also low in filling fiber , so pair it with a piece of fruit for more fuel . Health.com : America 's healthiest mall food 10 . Breakfast Power Sandwich  Panera Bread This egg , Vermont white cheddar , and smoked lean ham sandwich serves up as much protein as a 3.5-ounce fish fillet , Gerbstadt says . Also praiseworthy , she adds , is Panera 's whole-grain bread . Made of rye , spelt , amaranth , and flax , it 's brimming with good-for-you nutrients like vitamin B2 , niacin , manganese , iron , magnesium , and selenium . Calories 330 ; Fat 14g  sat 6g  ; Protein 22g ; Carbohydrate 31g ; Fiber 4g ; Sodium 830mg . Room for improvement : "  This sandwich has a lot of sodium , " Largeman-Roth notes . But you can slash 300 milligrams simply by ordering it without the smoked ham . Copyright Health Magazine 2011	Some items from Panera Bread serve up as much protein as a 3.5-ounce fish fillet Egg substitute contains mostly egg whites A veggie omelette is a great way to sneak more nutrient - and fiber-rich produce
CNN  It has been one of the world 's longest and deadliest civil conflicts . Since the first incidents more than three decades ago , an estimated 40,000 lives have been lost . It has been , some say , a battle by activists among Turkey 's Kurdish minority for independence . It has been , others say , a guerrilla war by rebels who have punctuated their campaign with terrorist acts . Whatever it has been to the parties involved , the leader of the militant group at the forefront of the Kurdish insurgency in Turkey says it is time now for it to be over . "  Our struggle came to the point it can not continue as it is , " Abdullah Ocalan , longtime leader of the Kurdistan Workers ' Party  PKK  , said earlier in March from his jail cell . In a letter read to thousands gathered in the southeastern Turkey city of Diyarbakir to mark Persian New Year , Ocalan called for "  a new era " with Kurds gathering as "  a democratic society with the right to a democratic identity -- within Turkey and on the constitutional citizenship basis . " He urged fighters under his command to lay down their arms , stop their war against the Turkish state and join a "  congress " to focus on the future . Ocalan 's letter is nothing less than historic . As recently as 2012 , the long-simmering war between the PKK and the Turkish government had heated to the point that the International Crisis Group , a conflict resolution organization monitoring the conflict , counted more than 700 dead over 14 months . "  We 're seeing the longest pitched battles between the  Turkish  army and the PKK , we 're seeing a widespread campaign of kidnapping , suicide bombings and terrorist attacks by the PKK . They 're very much on the offensive and unfortunately this is matched by much harder line rhetoric on both sides , " Hugh Pope , chief author of an International Crisis Group report , told CNN in 2012 . Perhaps vocally underscoring the cultural split between the Turkish government and the country 's Kurdish population , when Ocalan 's letter was read to crowds March 21 , it was read in two languages -- Kurdish first , then Turkish . The letter was read by Sirri Sureyya Onder , deputy of Turkey 's pro-Kurdish People 's Democratic Party . Onder is one of the few people regularly allowed to meet Ocalan at the prison where he is held on Imrali Island . "  Saturday officially showed us all that we have moved on to the negotiation period from the dialogue period we 've been working on , " Onder told CNN in a phone interview . About a fifth of Turkey 's population is Kurdish -- a minority long living under cultural oppression , most of them in the underdeveloped southeastern part of Turkey . By 1998 -- 14 years after the insurgency began -- Turkey counted up to 18,000 PKK guerrillas living in the mountains . The next year , Ocalan -- a hero to some , a villain to others -- was captured in Kenya by Turkish authorities , reportedly with the help of the CIA . The United States , the European Union and Turkey classify the PKK as a terrorist group . Ocalan was sentenced by the Turkish government to life in prison for treason , and for years , he was the sole prisoner of Imrali . It 's an Alcatraz-like island fortress best known in the West as the locale for the 1970s book and movie "  Midnight Express . " Now , he gets to choose fellow inmates . Ocalan began the PKK in 1978 as a Kurdish separatist group in Turkey , part of a larger separatist movement by Kurds scattered throughout the region . Northern Syria , southern Turkey and northern Iraq have been home to millions of Kurds for thousands of years . There are also millions of Kurds in Iran , where they make up about 10 % of the mostly Persian nation 's population . Violence flared in August 1984 when fighters from the PKK , which has a Marxist-Leninist philosophy , killed two Turkish soldiers . As the years passed and the death toll mounted , the PKK proved to be a militant leg of a regional ethnic struggle to carry on the Kurdish culture . But there have been periods of calm and times of talk . In 2009 , Turkish intelligence officials allegedly met with high-ranking PKK members in Oslo , Norway , to begin a series of secret talks . In mid-2011 , the talks were interrupted by new clashes . The armed fights were followed by a hunger strike by Kurdish political prisoners in 2012 , who ended the strike after 67 days upon Ocalan 's request . Things picked back up when President Recep Tayyip Erdogan announced talks with the imprisoned Ocalan in December 2012 . Since then , the Turkish government has lifted language bans , released political prisoners and continued talks with Ocalan despite opposition criticism . In return , the jailed leader notably pronounced disarmament intentions and called for a ceasefire in his Persian New Year 's letter in 2013 . On May 8 of that year , the PKK announced a slow withdrawal from Turkey . But tensions between the sides sparked again when the predominantly Kurdish-populated city of Kobani was invaded by ISIS in October and Turkey did n't directly intervene . Talks between the PKK and the Turkish government continued , though . But at Istanbul 's Dolmabahce Palace last month , senior government officials met with pro-Kurdish parliamentarians and declared a "  road map " accord on the way to a stable solution . Onder said that Ocalan 's letter "  shows us that the ... road map decided at Dolmabahce is now a concrete step -- one that suits the spirit and the context of the resolution period . " But the government view over the accord seems to be divided . Erdogan told reporters that he does not fancy the declaration . Erdogan was not present at Dolmabahce either . Onder said , "  Despite the President 's opposing remarks , the Turkish government took responsibility about its Kurdish problem for the first time . "	Kurds make up about a fifth of Turkey 's population Since 1984 , the militant Kurdistan Workers ' Party  PKK  has fought the Turkish government Now , the leader of the PKK says it 's time for the fighting to stop
OAKLAND , California  CNN  -- Richard Lee greets students , shopkeepers and tourists as he rolls his wheelchair down Broadway at the speed of a brisk jog , hailing them with , "  Hi . How ya doin ' ? " Marijuana activist Richard Lee is a local celebrity in the small district of Oakland , California , called Oaksterdam . In this nine-block district of Oakland , California , called Oaksterdam , Lee is a celebrity . Oaksterdam is Lee 's brainchild , a small pocket of urban renewal built on a thriving trade in medical marijuana . The district 's name comes from a marriage of Oakland and Amsterdam , a city in the Netherlands renowned for its easy attitude toward sex and drugs . Lee is the founder of Oaksterdam University , which he describes as a trade school that specializes in all things marijuana : how to grow it , how to market it , how to consume it . The school , which has a curriculum , classes and teachers , claims 3,500 graduates . Lee also owns a medical marijuana dispensary , a coffee house , a large indoor marijuana plantation , and a museum/store devoted to the cause of legalizing marijuana . "  I really see this as following the history of alcohol . The way prohibition was repealed there , " Lee says , adding that he believes he is close to achieving his mission . Lee is organizing a petition drive to place a marijuana legalization measure on the ballot in 2010 , and he thinks the measure stands a good chance of being approved by voters . A recent California Field Poll showed that more than half the people in the state , where marijuana for medical use was approved more than a decade ago , would approve of decriminalizing pot . The state 's faltering economy is one reason why . If legalized , marijuana could become California 's No. 1 cash crop . It could bring in an estimated $ 1 billion a year in state taxes . Democratic State Assemblyman Tom Ammiano is spearheading a cannabis legalization bill in the California Assembly . He believes the state 's need to increase tax revenues will work in his bill 's favor . "  I think it 's a seductive part of the equation , " he says . Ammiano says there are a number of ways legalized pot could be marketed , "  It could be a Walgreens , it could be a hospital , a medical marijuana facility , whatever could be convenient . Adequate enforcement of the rules . Nobody under 21 . No driving under the influence . " Even California 's Republican governor , Arnold Schwarzenegger , says legalizing marijuana deserves serious consideration . "  I think we ought to study very carefully what other countries are doing that have legalized marijuana , " Schwarzenegger says . But Ammiano says selling a legalized marijuana bill to his fellow legislators remains a delicate matter . "  If we held the vote in the hallway , we 'd have it done , " Ammiano says . "  But people are necessarily cautious . They are up for re-election . " And that is why Lee believes voters will approve a marijuana initiative long before the state Assembly acts . Sitting under grow lights in a warehouse filled with hundreds of marijuana plants , Lee sums it up this way : "  For some people cannabis is like a religion . As passionate as some people are about their religions and freedom to think what they want and to worship as they want . " But all of that is baloney to Paul Chabot . He is president of the Coalition for a Drug Free California . He says voters should not be fooled by promises of big bucks flowing to the state from marijuana taxes . "  It 's their way of sort of desensitizing our communities , our state and our nation to a drug problem that we clearly need to put our foot down on , and say , ` No more . Enough is enough . ' " Chabot points out that California 's medical marijuana law has been poorly regulated , and he expects more of the same if marijuana becomes legalized for everyone . But a substantial number of Californians seem to believe that no amount of enforcement is going to make pot go away -- and that it 's time for the state to begin taking a cut of the action .	Oaksterdam University specializes in how to grow , market and consume marijuana Founder Richard Lee is organizing a petition drive for marijuana legalization Lee and others say legalizing marijuana could generate significant tax revenue Opponents say revenue claims are misleading , encourage drug abuse
Washington  CNN  -- Kenneth Melson , acting director of the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives , is expected to resign under pressure , perhaps in the next day or two , in the wake of the controversy over Operation Fast and Furious , two senior federal law enforcement sources said Monday . In the operation , straw buyers were allowed to purchase illegally large numbers of weapons , some of which ended up in the hands of cartels in Mexico . Attorney General Eric Holder will meet Tuesday with Andrew Traver , head of the ATF field office in Chicago , about possibly becoming the agency 's acting director , according to senior federal law enforcement sources , who are familiar with the details of the controversy . The Justice Department refused comment . White House press secretary Jay Carney told reporters he had no new information on the issue . The operation has come under intense criticism since the December killing of a U.S. Border Patrol officer . Operation Fast and Furious was "  a colossal failure of leadership , " Peter Forcelli , a supervisor at the bureau 's Phoenix field office , said recently . The program focused on following people who legally bought weapons that were then transferred to criminals and destined for Mexico . But instead of intercepting the weapons when they switched hands , Operation Fast and Furious called for ATF agents to let the guns "  walk " and wait for them to surface in Mexico , according to a report by the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee . The idea was that once the weapons in Mexico were traced back to the straw purchasers , the entire arms smuggling network could be brought down . Instead , the report argues , letting the weapons slip into the wrong hands was a deadly miscalculation that resulted in preventable deaths , including that of Border Patrol Agent Brian Terry . Terry was killed last year north of the Mexican border in Arizona after confronting bandits believed to be preying on illegal immigrants . Two weapons found near the scene of the killing were traced to Fast and Furious . "  I was flabbergasted . I could n't believe it at first , " Terry 's mother , Josephine , said when she learned the ATF may have let some of the guns used in the attack slip through its fingers . Terry 's relatives said they want all those involved in his killing and who helped put the weapons in their hands to be prosecuted . "  We ask that if a government official made a wrong decision , that they admit their error and take responsibility for his or her actions , " Robert Heyer , Terry 's cousin and family spokesman , said in a hearing last week by the House panel . The committee 's chairman , Rep. Darrell Issa , R-California , called the operation "  felony stupid . " As many as 2,000 semiautomatic rifles reached the hands of cartels as a result , and Issa said the top two ATF officials were briefed on the program regularly . In Mexico , the case has drawn nationwide attention and sharp criticism from top officials , who have long stressed that U.S. weapons are fueling the country 's drug war . The Mexican attorney general 's office demanded a quick U.S. investigation of the matter in March and said authorities must hold accountable anyone who was responsible for the operation . "  As the United States government has signaled , the government of Mexico was not informed of any operation that would include the controlled transport of weapons to Mexico , " the office said .	NEW : Chicago ATF field office head set to meet with attorney general about job , sources say The sources say the ATF acting director 's resignation could occur in the coming days The ATF operation allowed illegal gun purchases Some weapons ended up reportedly in the hands of Mexican cartels
CNN  -- There will be a good deal of public singing these next few days , during the parties , celebrations and services surrounding the inauguration , and at the inaugural ceremonies themselves . Democrats and Republicans alike will join voices and sing "  The Star-Spangled Banner , " "  God Bless America " and other patriotic songs . Politicians and regular citizens , regardless of where they align themselves along the liberal-conservative continuum , have long been able to put aside their differences as they blend their voices for certain time-honored lyrics : "  My country 't is of thee , sweet land of liberty ... " "  O beautiful , for spacious skies , for amber waves of grain ... " But the song that is the centerpiece of every inauguration , and of virtually every formal public appearance by a president of the United States , will be heard instrumentally these next few days -- yet will not be sung . The song is "  Hail to the Chief . " Most people are probably unaware that it even has lyrics . We 're accustomed to hearing the United States Marine Band play the stirring , brass-heavy chords as the president comes into sight . Why are the words to the song seldom sung ? When you read them , it 's easy to surmise one possible reason . In our hyper-partisan times , it would be unrealistic to assume that members of the party out of power would want to enthusiastically belt them out . Take this year , for example . Try to envision the television pictures of Inauguration Day , were "  Hail to the Chief " expected to be sung by all the attendees . President Obama appears from inside the Capitol , some of the TV cameras focus on Republican congressional leaders John Boehner or Mitch McConnell or Eric Cantor -- and they are presumed to wish to ardently vocalize : "  Hail to the Chief we have chosen for the nation , Hail to the Chief ! We salute him , one and all , Hail to the Chief , as we pledge cooperation In proud fulfillment of a great , noble call . Yours is the aim to make this grand country grander , This you will do , that 's our strong , firm belief . Hail to the one we selected as commander , Hail to the President ! Hail to the Chief ! " Yes , those are the lyrics to "  Hail to the Chief " -- and it 's no wonder that few people have ever heard them . They express a lovely all-American sentiment , but -- especially in our superheated political climate -- they possess the potential for some pretty awkward moments of public crooning . Go back a few years . Try to picture , during the administration of George W. Bush , the trio of Harry Reid , Nancy Pelosi and then-Sen . Barack Obama raising their voices in song to warble in Bush 's direction : "  Hail to the Chief , as we pledge cooperation ... " Or imagine , during Bill Clinton 's time in office , the sight and sound of Newt Gingrich , Bob Dole and Trent Lott harmonizing as they gaze at Clinton : "  Yours is the aim to make this country grander/This you will do , that 's our strong , firm belief ... " If , in these political times , the words to "  Hail to the Chief " sound a little odd , the history of the song is also not short on oddity . The phrase -- "  Hail to the Chief " -- originated in Scotland in 1810 as part of a poem by Sir Walter Scott . The poem , "  The Lady of the Lake , " had nothing to do with the United States , or with the presidency . But the story told in the poem 's plot became a British stage play that made it across the ocean within a few years . Among the songs that came to the United States as part of the play was "  Hail to the Chief , " written by James Sanderson . It was given new lyrics to honor the presidency , and reportedly was used in that context for the first time at an 1815 ceremony to commemorate the birthday of George Washington . It was played at the inaugurations of Presidents Martin Van Buren in 1837 and John Tyler in 1841 , according to historians , and during the administration of President James Polk from 1845 to 1849 it became routinely played any time the president entered a room during public occasions . Not everyone was in love with the song . President Chester A. Arthur , who served from 1881 to 1885 , directed the leader of the Marine Band to compose a new one to replace it . Fortunately for Arthur , the leader of the Marine Band at the time was a pretty fair songwriter -- a young Marine sergeant major by the name of John Philip Sousa . He came up with a new tune called "  Presidential Polonaise . " Unfortunately for "  Presidential Polonaise , " it never caught on , and "  Hail to the Chief " made a return . Sousa was undeterred ; he would go on to write , among other patriotic classics , "  The Stars and Stripes Forever . " President Jimmy Carter , in seeking to make the trappings of his presidency a little less regal , asked that "  Hail to the Chief " not be played when he made public entrances . This turned out to be a highly unpopular decision . Carter would later tell CBS News : "  One of the most unpleasant things that surprised me was when I quit having ` Hail to the Chief ' every time I entered a room , but there was an outcry of condemnation . " Before long , "  Hail to the Chief " was back . The Marine Band continues to play it as presidents make their entrances . The words , however , continue to mostly go unsung , and that will almost certainly be the case during the inaugural festivities these next few days . In the spirit of the history of this -- and as a nod to what might have been -- we leave you with a parting gift of music . On behalf of Chester A. Arthur , please click and enjoy the song you never got the chance to tap your feet to . Ladies and gentlemen , the Mount Prospect , Illinois , Community Band performs , for your listening pleasure , "  Presidential Polonaise . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : Patriotic songs sung at inauguration wo n't include "  Hail to the Chief " That song is usually played , not sung . The lyrics might not fly in the political moment , he says Imagine Boehner joining in to "  Hail to the Chief , as we pledge cooperation ... , " he says Greene : Song has come and gone for presidential entrances ; words remain unsung
Washington  CNN  -- At times it seemed as if Martha Raddatz , who moderated Thursday 's vice presidential debate , was the third debater . At other times she was the seasoned ABC News war correspondent who kept the two guys in suits taking snarky swipes at each other in line . She pressed the candidates to give firm answers , such as when Vice President Joe Biden said Republican challenger Rep. Paul Ryan was just saying "  a bunch of stuff . " "  What does that mean , ' a bunch of stuff ? ' " Raddatz asked Biden . Raddatz also pressed for specifics such as when she demanded of Ryan : "  I want to know how you do the math and have this increase in defense spending ? " Five things we learned from the VP debate When she wanted to direct the foreign policy debate to a new topic , she commanded : "  Let 's move to Iran . " And to Iran the conversation moved . She forced the candidates to do a bit of self reflection when she asked : "  are you embarrassed by the tone of this election ? " If her trending status on Twitter was an indication , Raddatz schooled the two candidates -- hard news reporter style -- and won accolades from journalistic colleagues in the process . As veteran PBS journalist Charlie Rose tweeted : "  Everyone seems to agree that @martharaddatz is the star of this debate . " His network colleague , Jim Lehrer , host of "  PBS NewsHour , " was widely criticized last week and skewered by late night comedy shows after serving as moderator of the presidential debate . Raddatz netted a different reaction . 25 funniest tweets about the debate "  Our perspective : There were two winners tonight . Martha Raddatz ... and the American viewer ! Great #VPdebate , y' all , " liberal publication Mother Jones â $	Martha Raddatz won kudos as moderator of the vice presidential debate She scored a fan following on Twitter and criticism from conservatives for her performance Fellow journalists gave Raddatz a thumbs up for tough questioning Jim Lehrer , moderator of last week 's presidential debate , got low marks for his performance
Beirut , Lebanon  CNN  -- In August last year , Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Tun Razak was not happy with Saudi Arabia . He complained that the Saudis appeared to be funding an opposition candidate , Anwar Ibrahim , in upcoming elections . What 's more , the Malaysian authorities suspected two senior Saudi princes of involvement . The Saudis launched an investigation , and uncovered something very different -- and more alarming . A secret report seen by CNN concludes : "  There is no evidence any Saudi official ever supported Anwar Ibrahim " and "  claims of support from the Saudi royals named in the initial report -LSB- names redacted -RSB- were found to be without basis . " But the investigation found that hundreds of millions of dollars of Saudi money had been funneled to leading Islamist politicians and political activists overseas . It also found that al Qaeda and the Taliban were still able to use Saudi Arabia for fund-raising , despite numerous measures to choke off those sources of cash . According to a Saudi source who is not authorized to speak publically , "  People close to the senior leadership of the Taliban live in Saudi Arabia and send money back " -LSB- to the Taliban -RSB- . Today he estimates the money reaching al Qaeda is "  in the region of tens of thousands of dollars possibly hundreds of thousands . " The nine-page summary of the secret report states that the Muslim Brotherhood , an Islamist political group present in many Muslim countries , was trying "  through its many affiliated charities and organizations -- often with the funding of unwitting private Saudi citizens -- to spread its influence by providing support for candidates in Islamic democracies . " According to the report the payback was simple . "  Once in power these candidates are expected to further the Brotherhood 's goals . " Al Qaeda was able to benefit from these secret funding mechanisms , according to the source , because some in the Muslim Brotherhood had "  historic sympathies and connections " with members of the terror group -- dating back to when Saudi Arabia and the CIA covertly funded the Afghan mujahideen to fight the Soviet occupation of Afghanistan . The connections meant that money in Muslim Brotherhood hands was "  occasionally " given to al Qaeda , the source said . The report reveals a complex web of Islamic charities and banks -- often involved in funding legitimate humanitarian projects -- as unwitting facilitators of the illicit transfers . And it says that over several decades "  a handful of Saudi and other Arab individuals and organizations " were supporting "  the same groups that Arab , U.S. and European governments have long suspected of having close ties to extreme militant organizations that have been accused of supporting terrorist activities around the world . " The problem facing Saudi authorities is huge , the source told CNN . "  Eighty-six percent of all Islamic charities are based in Saudi Arabia " making "  monitoring all their activities difficult . " The problem was compounded by several other factors , he said . Saudi Arabia "  has the world 's fourth largest migrant workforce , 7 million legal workers , 3 million illegal . " Many of them use unregulated Islamic Hawala money transfer banks where a deposit in one country can immediately be picked up in another with no paper trail to trace it . The Hawala networks were identified by the U.S. Treasury Department last year as a significant channel for funding the Taliban and other insurgent groups . Funds are also collected from innocent unsuspecting pilgrims on the Hajj that attracts millions of Muslims to Mecca , Islam 's holiest site every year . The report says Saudi Arabia has made a major effort "  to block terrorist financing " that has been "  monumental in scope and far reaching in their success . " But it concluded : "  Increased diligence and efforts are warranted . " The Saudi source tells CNN that the country still has a fundamental problem which shows how money channeled through the Muslim Brotherhood could evade detection for so long and why al Qaeda can still get funding from the desert Kingdom . "  Despite promises since 2002 that Saudi would put in place institutions to thwart funds getting to AQ , nothing has happened to build an oversight agency , " he says . The money being funneled illegally he says is "  not the amount of money it was 4 or 5 years ago , " but without a national agency "  like the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission " to oversee the charities further progress is going to be limited .	Secret report found hundreds of millions of dollars of Saudi money had been funneled to leading Islamist politicians and political activists overseas Report says al Qaeda and the Taliban were still able to use Saudi Arabia for fund-raising A complex web of Islamic charities and banks as well as the Muslim Brotherhood have been sources of cash , report says
CNN  -- The best way to get tongues wagging is to say nothing at all , and it 's a skill Rihanna has down to a science . Rihanna apparently revealed the release date for her new album over Twitter . The Barbadian songstress arrived a bit late to the Twitter party when she -- or her people -- created a "  rihanna " tag yesterday and sent out a single , sparse tweet : "  The Wait Is Ova . Nov. 23 09 . " Whether that 's the name of a new single , the beginning of a viral marketing campaign -- or both -- is unknown , but a representative for Rihanna told Entertainment Weekly that though the date "  looks accurate " for her album release , "  The Wait Is Ova " is not the album title . The only other object fans can mine for clues about the singer 's upcoming release is the logo , a metallic nail fashioned into a crudely shaped "  R " that has swarmed the Internet . The new record would be her fourth since her debut at 17 . In the four years since , she 's evolved from an unknown , breezy pop singer to a sonically and fashionably more distinct persona . One can only expect that her latest effort would continue to show that growth . Yet there are extra layers of anticipation surrounding the unnamed work : Not only is this Rihanna 's follow-up to "  Good Girl Gone Bad , " the album that made her an international superstar , it 's also the first time she is piping up as a solo artist since the infamous fight with her ex-boyfriend , Chris Brown , in February . Those who 've worked with the star on the record have said to expect something with more ferocity . "  Expect an edgier , almost angrier Rihanna on this one , " Ne-Yo told E! Online . "  Rihanna says some things on this album that you 've never heard her say before . " But , said Mariel Concepcion , associate editor for Billboard.com , that statement should n't be taken too literally . "  She has changed a bit , but I think she 's simply grown . Fans are expecting her to reveal some details , but I think she 's going to subliminally let it be known that ` Yes , -LSB- Chris -RSB- hurt me , but I 'm moving forward with life . ' This issue was such a serious issue , it calls for more than putting out an angry song about it . " Tracey Johnson , who said she 's been a fan of the singer since the beginning , has high expectations for the upcoming release , but not because she expects to hear about Rihanna 's personal life . " -LSB- Some fans -RSB- feel like it would be good for her to represent abused women in some sort of way and say something , but in my perspective , she does n't owe us anything , " Johnson said . "  She 's always been pretty private about the relationship , and she 's never opened a lot in her music anyway . " If Rihanna maintains her silence , Johnson said , it will be "  kind of a hit back at the critics who said she disappeared after not becoming the spokesperson for domestic abuse . She 's saying this is what you should be paying attention to : I 'm a fashion icon , and I make great music . " Johnson , co-founder and editor of celebrity Web site NeonLimelight.com , has paid close attention to Rihanna 's reported studio time over the past few months , but said he did n't expect to see the album appear so soon -- and with a tweet , no less . "  I 'm definitely expecting more for this album , " she said . "  Rihanna has a platform now that she did n't have before ` Good Girl Gone Bad . ' She 's gone a step forward with each album , and I think it 's going to be a little more of what we heard on ` Good Girl Gone Bad , ' but to the next level . " That 's a prediction that Concepcion agrees with , considering that the people who have been pulled in on this album resemble the team who worked on "  Good Girl " : Justin Timberlake , Ne-Yo and Tricky Stewart , who was behind the single "  Umbrella " that launched Rihanna to a new level of pop stardom . Devin Lazerine , editor of Rap-Up . com , said Stewart is n't trying to top the success of "  Umbrella , " but rather create a sound that would live up to its success . "  Just from hearing ` Run This Town ' we can see the direction she 's heading in , " Lazerine said . "  It 's going to be darker and more edgy . She was actually going to put that song on this album , and then Jay-Z heard it and they traded songs . " Still , Lazerine said , "  dark " and "  edgy " do n't always equal "  personal . " "  She 's all about the music and the sound -- I think we 're going to get something that embodies her fashion sense , " he said . "  I do n't think there 's going to be much about the Chris Brown situation ; I do n't even think her fans expect that . They just want something that pushes the boundaries . " Rihanna 's former other half , Chris Brown , has been busying in the studio as well . The singer , who was sentenced to five years ' probation and more than 1,400 hours of community service in August , released the single "  I Can Transform Ya " with Swizz Beatz and Lil Wayne a few weeks ago , but it 's not the only one circulating the Internet . "  So Cold , " a ballad with lyrics that sound suspiciously autobiographical , was leaked onto the Internet yesterday , as Brown 's Twitter page confirms . Nonetheless , the artist does plan to keep it on the upcoming album "  Graffiti , " which has an undetermined release date .	Cryptic tweet from Rihanna appears to reveal new album release date Album would be the first since fight with Chris Brown in February Colleagues expect "  edgier " Rihanna on the album Fan : "  She does n't owe us anything " about personal life
CNN  -- The agreement between President Barack Obama and President Xi Jinping of China to reduce greenhouse gas emissions is the most important advance in the several decades-long history of international climate negotiations . It has been greeted with rage by those in Congress whose positions on the science are denialist or evasive  "  I am not a scientist "  . Their criticisms are specious and predictable . But while most climate scientists I know are still sharing a period of joy following its announcement , some substantive criticisms of the agreement have also been raised . I want to address two of them here . One is that the agreement does n't do enough to solve the problem of global warming . The other is that it does n't promise anything that was n't likely to happen anyway . Both of these criticisms have some truth , but neither diminishes the importance of what Presidents Obama and Xi have achieved . First , critics say the agreement does n't go far enough . The argument here is that the emissions cuts will not be enough to limit the global mean surface temperature increase to 2 degrees Celsius , the benchmark beyond which climate change will be "  dangerous , " according to the nonbinding international agreement reached in Copenhagen in 2009 . The new U.S.-China agreement alone is indeed very unlikely to keep future warming below 2C . To achieve 2C , further cuts beyond those spelled out in the agreement will be needed . Or -- or better , and -- we need Earth 's climate sensitivity  how much warming we 'll get for a given level of greenhouse gas increases  not to be at the high end of the range that the best current science , with its attendant uncertainties , has it . The first is within the control of the world 's politicians . On the second , we all just have to hope -- and we scientists have to keep working hard to try to reduce the uncertainties . But we have to take success where we can get it . After decades of failed climate talks -- in which the U.S. was often a big part of the reason for failure and China was a big part of our excuse for dragging our feet -- this is every bit the political breakthrough it appears to be . While it 's not enough on its own , the momentum could n't be more welcome after so many years of inaction and bad news . It was gratifying to see President Obama pushing the issue at the G20 summit in Australia , a country with as much denialism in its current government as the United States . Further , while we need goals , and 2C is an important one , we have to understand that we do n't get to give up if we miss them . If 2C is dangerous , 3C or 4C is more so . Emissions reductions that do n't get us where we want to be are still a lot better than none at all . The second big criticism is that the emissions cuts might have happened anyway . The argument here is that Obama had already committed to cuts putting us along the trajectory in the agreement until 2020  with the EPA regulation of carbon dioxide as a pollutant and the new rules on power plants  and has now just extended the same trajectory to 2025 . Similarly , some argue that the Chinese too would be aiming for their targets in the agreement even without it . On the U.S. side , at least , the howls from Congress show that this argument is n't completely true . It will take real political capital for Obama , or any future U.S. president , to fight off the attacks of the deniers and fossil fuel industry shills . And the new targets certainly represent a major policy change for China as well - even if it 's one they were ready to make , recognizing a need to cut back on coal for air pollution as well as climate reasons . But for the sake of argument , let 's accept this criticism as true . This is not something wrong ; history suggests that it 's how these agreements work , when they work . The most successful global environmental agreement to date is the 1987 Montreal Protocol , which began the phasing out of chlorofluorocarbons  CFCs  in order to stop the depletion of stratospheric ozone . The Montreal Protocol did n't happen because politicians found a way to force recalcitrant factions in government and industry to go along with it . It happened because the chemical manufacturers had already come up with CFC substitutes . They were not just ready to accept the protocol 's restrictions ; they were looking forward to selling a whole lot of new air conditioners and refrigerators . Unfortunately , the currently available alternatives to fossil fuels are not as ready to take over our energy systems now as the CFC substitutes were ready to take over our refrigeration systems in 1987 . And neither government nor the private sector has made the large-scale investments in getting them ready that the scale of the problem warrants . Under the circumstances , this new agreement could n't realistically solve climate as completely as the Montreal Protocol solved ozone . But it 's a sign that things have started to move . If the United States and China had reached an agreement now that everyone could agree was definitely enough to keep us below 2C -- despite the political challenges , the technical challenges and the possibility of a more rather than less sensitive climate -- it would have been at best highly aspirational , at worst simply unrealistic . So indeed , the actual agreement is far from a complete solution to the climate problem . But it 's a huge step forward . And it is one not despite the fact that its goals are attainable , but because of that . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Adam Sobel .	U.S.-China accord on curbing carbon emissions is a huge step , says Adam Sobel He says critics who say it does n't go far enough are in danger of missing key points A more far-reaching agreement would n't have been possible at this point , he says Sobel : The key thing is that there 's finally momentum toward solving the problem
A crisis so dire that families are fleeing to Syria . A militant threat so strong that U.S. forces are striking from the sky . And political strife so tense that it could derail hopes for government stability . As Iraq 's political and humanitarian crises escalate at the same time , foreign countries are getting more deeply involved . Here 's where things stand : Tension in Baghdad Iraqi forces and tanks surged into some Baghdad neighborhoods Sunday as a wave of troops swarmed Baghdad 's Green Zone -- the secure area where many government buildings , the military headquarters and the U.S. Embassy are located , two Iraqi police officials said . Exactly what led to the surge remains unclear . But some believe the beefed up military presence is part of a power struggle between second-term Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki and newly elected President Fuad Masum . "  You 've got Nuri al-Maliki refusing to step down . Now he 's mobilized not just security troops loyal to him , but now he 's mobilized army units to put tanks in the streets , "  said retired Lt. Col. Rick Francona , a CNN military analyst . "  Some of the bridges have been closed . It looks like he 's trying to lock down the city in some sort of confrontation with the President , so this does not portend well . " Choosing a prime minister is a key next step for Iraq 's leaders . Critics of al-Maliki have called for him to pull his name out of the running , but he 's repeatedly refused . Al-Maliki has accused Masum of violating the country 's constitution by extending the deadline for Iraq 's biggest political coalitions to nominate a candidate for prime minister . But there could be another reason for more troops in the capital . Retired U.S. Marine Gen. James Williams said the stepped up security could be a response to advances by militants from ISIS , the Sunni Muslim extremist group that has now declared itself the Islamic State . "  It could be a show of force . If you 're talking about protecting government buildings , there may be a sense that ISIS forces may be closer than everybody thinks at this point , " Williams said . "  That could be a great sign for concern . But it may also be a concern that there 's a coup afoot . " Airstrikes against ISIS The threat of ISIS has been so strong that the U.S. military carried out a new wave of airstrikes Sunday against militant targets in Iraq . American aircraft struck five targets within five hours Sunday , including armed vehicles and a mortar position , U.S. Central Command said . Iraqi officials said U.S. airstrikes Saturday killed 16 ISIS fighters , and an Iraqi airstrike in Sinjar killed an additional 45 ISIS fighters , Iraq state media reported . Last week , U.S. President Barack Obama authorized targeted attacks not only to protect Iraqi minorities from ISIS ' killing rampage , but also Americans stationed in the Kurdish regional capital of Irbil . Humanitarian nightmare In their effort to create a caliphate across parts of Iraq and Syria , ISIS fighters have slaughtered civilians as they take over cities in both countries . In Syria , the group put some of its victims ' severed heads on poles . In another instance caught on camera , a man appears to be forced to his knees , surrounded by masked militants who identify themselves on video as ISIS members . They force the man at gunpoint to "  convert " to Islam , then behead him . In Iraq , one of the most dire humanitarian nightmares is unfolding on Mount Sinjar , where tens of thousands of Yazidis have been trapped . Yazidis are part of one the world 's oldest monotheistic religious minorities and have been targeted by ISIS . Their religion is considered a pre-Islamic sect that draws from Christianity , Judaism and the ancient monotheistic religion of Zoroastrianism . Dozens of people including 60 children , have died on the mountain , where the Yazidis are battling extreme temperatures , hunger and thirst . On Sunday , Iraqi Ministry of Human Rights spokesman Kamil Amin said it was possible that as many as 500 Yazidis had been killed . The ministry had also heard reports -- but had not confirmed -- that some had been buried alive . Who are the Yazidis ? Why does ISIS want to kill them ? "  It 's difficult to be accurate about these numbers , but initially we have reported 500 Iraqi Yazidis have died from either ISIS direct killings or from starvation and dehydration , " Amin told CNN . "  We have heard some reports from activists and local journalists that some families were buried alive . " CNN is unable to authenticate reports regarding the Yazidi death toll or the allegation that some were buried alive . Amin said Kurdish forces were able to break the siege by ISIS and help thousands of stranded Yazidis board trucks , which drove them to the Syrian border town of Hasaka near Iraq . They were then driven north along the Syrian-Iraqi border to Dohuk , a region in northern Iraq 's Kurdish region . On Sunday night , the U.S. military made a fourth airdrop of food and water to Iraqis stranded on Mount Sinjar , according to U.S. Central Command . In total , U.S. military aircraft have delivered more than 74,000 meals and more than 15,000 gallons of fresh drinking water , Centcom said . Britain and France have said they will join the United States in the airdrops . A British C-130 cargo plane delivered aid to Iraq on Sunday , a Ministry of Defense spokesman said . Iraqi security forces have been able to airlift about 100 to 150 people a day off Sinjar Mountain , said Marzio Babille of UNICEF , the United Nations ' children 's agency . But time is running out for many who can not reach airdropped supplies .	Iraqi forces and tanks enter Baghdad neighborhoods The U.S. carries out a new round of airstrikes against ISIS targets Thousands of stranded Yazidi Iraqis are rescued and taken to Syria
CNN  -- On Saturday and Sunday in Oklahoma , there were seven earthquakes . You read that right . Not tornadoes . Earthquakes . The most severe temblor registered 4.3 near Langston , the U.S. Geological Survey site showed , delivering a rumble to Logan County , north of Oklahoma City , according to the U.S. Geological Survey . There were no reports of damage or major injury on Saturday , Oklahoma City news station News9 reported . The three earthquakes that happened Sunday occurred near Langston , CNN affiliate KOCO reported , one registering 4.0 . The station is covering Sunday 's temblors as a developing story . Track the USGS 's earthquake report list Damage and injury are far more likely with quakes that register 4.0 and higher , the USGS reports . The temblors seem to be part of a trend in the state . As of last month , Oklahoma had surpassed California in the number of earthquakes . From 1978 to 2008 , Oklahoma was hit with an average of just two quakes of 3.0 magnitude of greater . As of June 19 , 2014 , there were 207 such quakes recorded in the state , the USGS said . An increase began in 2009 when 20 quakes of 3.0 magnitude or higher occurred , followed by 43 the next year and increasing every year except for 2012 . As of June 16 , 2014 , California had recorded about 140 quakes of 3.0-magnitude or greater , compared with Oklahoma 's 207 . "  Earthquakes are going to be a normal part of everyday life in Oklahoma , " CNN meteorologist Chad Myers said . "  They are going to become more and more a part of life there . " Oklahoma out-quakes California in 2014 The four quakes that struck Saturday were relatively shallow , happening 5 miles or less from the surface , Myers notes . Larger earthquakes , such as the ones that happen in California , generally go much deeper , sometimes 50 miles deep . The Oklahoma quakes were strong enough to knock dishes off shelves and cause cracks in foundations but not enough to knock down buildings , Myers said . The Oklahoma Geographical Survey said it had stepped up the number of monitoring stations in the state , operating a network of 15 permanent stations and 17 temporary stations . Along with the USGS , the state geographical survey is researching to determine why earthquakes are happening more frequently . It 's possible that hydraulic fracturing , or fracking , could have played a role in causing temblors , but there 's no way to be sure until the USGS files its findings , Myers said . It does that once a month . Fracking is controversial and has split public opinion . CNN explored the process in-depth in an August 2013 special . In short , fracking works like this : A well is typically drilled between 5,000 to 20,000 feet into the earth 's crust , then turns 90 degrees and continues horizontally for several thousand feet to where shale containing natural gas is believed to be . A mix of water , sand and chemicals is pumped at high pressure into the well to create long , narrow cracks or openings in the earth through which gas can escape . The sand particles keep the fissures open , allowing for natural gas to escape from the shale and flow into the well . The gas , along with the waste water , is drawn back up the well to the surface , where it is processed , refined and shipped . Wastewater injection could be behind the increase in the number of quakes recorded in Oklahoma , USGS geophysicist Rob Williams told CNN . Could a larger earthquake happen in the state ? "  Given the rate of earthquakes over the last six months , " Williams said , "  it 's concerning enough to be worried about a larger , damaging earthquake happening . " What to know about earthquakes Measuring the magnitude of earthquakes Mariano Castillo and Marlena Baldacci contributed to this report .	The largest quake registered a magnitude of 4.3 , according to the U.S. Geological Survey The temblors appear to be part of a trend of increasing earthquakes in Oklahoma No major injuries or damage was reported from Saturday 's quakes , news station says
New York  CNN  -- The report into Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 says everything . And yet it says nothing about the cause of the plane 's crash and the criminals . It tells us that MH17 was brought down by "  high energy objects " which were of "  external causes " and never once uses the word missile . How can this be ? The purpose of the preliminary report is not to apportion blame ; that is left to prosecutors and courts who deal with those who caused this atrocity . This investigation is all about finding out what happened and making sure it never happens again . Once you understand that , reading the report makes sense . There is a great deal about how the plane got to be flying where it was , how engine oil was added in Amsterdam airport before MH17 flew into Ukraine and some thundershowers . The report details how the plane was flying legally , over eastern Ukraine and in unrestricted air space . That point is made again and again , lest anyone wants to suggest otherwise . The reports goes into the routine progression of the flight . How the pilots asked for a slight change of course to the left to avoid bad weather , then air traffic control re-directed them to avoid other planes in the area . Indeed , the report makes clear that there were three other large commercial planes in the area , two 777s and an A330 . MH17 was the victim of the awfulness of being in the wrong place at the wrong time . Hauntingly , when you read the transcript of the air traffic control communications , there were no warnings , no maydays , nothing . The plane just disintegrated after being hit by those "  high energy objects . " It is left to the air traffic controller in Russia , who comments minutes after the incident , that it seemed as if the radar signature "  started falling apart . " Other air traffic controllers say "  it 's disappeared . " I have read many air traffic accident reports . In this report they have to make clear that the so-called black box 's unique digital signature was correct for this aircraft . In other words , this was the right flight data recorder for that aircraft . The report made clear it had been neither switched nor tampered with . This report is stark because it shows just how normal everything was until the second when the "  external causes " hit . There is no long discussion about performance of engines , as they start to go wrong , no analysis of pilots actions as complex avionics start to flash warnings . Just the sad , awful fact that at 13:20 the plane was blasted out of the sky . And it never says the word missile . READ MORE : What I saw at the MH17 crash site READ MORE : Bitter lessons of MH17 WATCH MORE : Victim 's remains return to Malaysia	Report into MH17 's crash says everything -- but nothing about the criminals behind its downing CNN 's Richard Quest asks how it can explain the incident without using the word missile The report goes into great detail about the plane 's flight over Ukraine , the bad weather , and the black box Quest says the report shows the plane was simply in the wrong place at the wrong time
CNN  -- After just one season as a cast member on NBC 's "  Saturday Night Live , " Brooks Wheelan took to Twitter on Monday to announce his firing from the hit comedy show . "  Had a blast and loved every second of it , " Wheelan tweeted . "  I 'm totally honored to be able to make this next joke ... FIRED FROM NEW YORK IT 'S SATURDAY NIGHT ! " Though Wheelan 's time on the show ended quickly after he was placed in the controversial new talent lineup that was introduced last year , the 27-year-old , who made several appearances on "  Weekend Update , " is not the first cast member to have their time cut short . Former "  SNL " cast members provide hope for future opportunity in his television career . In 2009 , Michaela Watkins and Casey Wilson were dropped from the show , but both can still be seen all over pop culture . Watkins now stars on ABC 's "  Trophy Wife " while Wilson went on to star as a lead actress in "  Happy Endings " for over 50 episodes . Fired twice during his time at "  SNL , " Chris Parnell now stars in "  Suburgatory " and "  Glee . " In 2010 , "  SNL " cast member Jenny Slate was let go after cursing on the show . Her stint lasted only one season as well . She now stars in the critically-acclaimed movie "  Obvious Child . " Launched back in 1975 , "  SNL " has been home to some of the most famous and beloved comic talent , including Will Ferrell , Tina Fey , Chris Rock and Jimmy Fallon , to name a few . SNL would not comment on Wheelan 's departure , with a representative explaining that the show does not discuss casting changes . Heading into the show 's 40th season , "  SNL " executive producer Lorne Michaels recently hinted at some staff shakeup . Last week , the late-night institution was nominated for 14 Emmy Awards . See more comedy content at CNN Comedy . Matthew Carey contributed to this report .	Brooks Wheelan announced on Twitter he was let go by "  SNL " Brooks was part of the sketch comedy show for one season ` SNL ' would not comment on Wheelan 's departure
CNN  -- Sangduen "  Lek " Chailert is known as Thailand 's elephant queen . For over a decade she has been working tirelessly to save abused elephants after seeing first-hand the mistreatment many of them faced while working in the timber industry . "  When I first saw elephants pulling logs in the jungle it changed my life , " she said . "  As it pulled the chain to move the logs it cut deep in to his skin ... I saw the look in his eye and the pain he was in . "  I could n't get it out of my head and it made me realize I need to go and do something for the elephants , someone needs to stand up for them , they ca n't speak so I need to do it for them . " Chailert 's response was to set up the Elephant Nature Foundation that provides a sanctuary and rescue center in Chiang Mai province in northern Thailand , where elephants from all over the country can be nursed back to health . One of the programs Chailert runs from the center is a field clinic for elephants called Jumbo Express . With a team of volunteers she travels to some of the remotest hill tribe villages in the country administering emergency health care to stricken animals . "  When I visit the villages I see so many elephants suffering but not just elephants , cats , dogs , hens and other animals and there 's not much that can be done because these villages are so remote there are no doctors up there to help , " she said . An endangered species , Asian elephants in Thailand have seen their number decline dramatically over the last few decades , with only 500 estimated to be left in the wild in the country . The 1989 ban on logging also meant that thousands of working elephants were left unemployed . With a lack of work in the forest , many elephants and their owners were forced in to the cities to beg , while others quickly became an essential part of the tourism industry working in elephant camps and circuses . ` Begging ' elephants in Bangkok Dr. Jan Schmidt-Burbach , from the World Society for the Protection of Animals , says elephants working in the tourism industry can be subjected to terrible cases of animal cruelty . "  The required extreme restraint of animals in the vast majority of elephant camps does not allow for free movements of the animals , " he said . In an area famous for its tourist elephant camps , Chailert says her center allows elephants time to heal and live in self-chosen family groups . This is something that Schmidt-Burbach says is very important . "  Elephants are some of the most socially developed mammals in the world , with the females forming large and stable groups for all their life . Depriving them from social interaction with other elephants must be seen as an act of cruelty , " he said . "  From the venues we know of in Thailand , the majority allow only very limited social interaction with other elephants , usually only if chained up near one another , " he continued . Chailert believes that conditions can only be improved at grass-roots level through education . In many of the remoter villages in Thailand elephants are still used as essential members of the community 's workforce and for entertaining visiting tourists . As well as caring for elephants and giving them everything from injections to medicine the Jumbo Express program also hopes to educate local people so they can care for the animals once they leave . "  It is really hard sometimes seeing people abusing the animals but sometimes it is down to a lack of education , " she explains . Chailert says that in most cases the elephant 's owner , known as a "  mahout " , does n't have the skills or knowledge to tend to their animals properly . She cites the example of a jungle-trekking elephant that was carrying tourists on mountainous trails with a glass bottle lodged inside its foot because her owner did not know how to remove the object . "  They do n't treat their animals properly when they are sick and there is the risk that disease will spread to their families , " Chailert said . "  So when we go up there we decide to educate the villagers on how to care for the elephants with the same love they show towards their families and ask them for their co-operation to look up to the animal , " she continued . The Elephant Nature Foundation works with various tribes including the Karen people to make sure elephants are not exploited . She says that tourism is the biggest threat facing Thailand 's elephants . "  We do n't want to discourage tourism , it helps the elephant but we need to educate the people in how to look after their animals in a more humane way , but the problem right now is that they see tourists there and they see nothing but money , " Chailert said .	Elephant Nature Park is a sanctuary and rescue center for elephants in Northern Thailand The foundation also runs an emergency field clinic for elephants in remote villages Many of Thailand 's elephants work in the tourism industry The park educates people on how to care for the mammal
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- Former Cuban leader Fidel Castro said he acknowledges the persecution of gays and lesbians during the Revolution in his country , according to a newspaper interview published Tuesday . Throughout the 1960s and '70s , Cuba sent openly gay men to labor camps without charge or trial . "  They were moments of great injustice , great injustice ! " Castro told journalist Carmen Lira Saade from the Mexican daily La Jornada . "  If someone is responsible , it 's me . " His comments came in the second installment of a two-part interview . The first half of the interview -- a wide-ranging , five-hour conversation at his home -- was published Monday . "  We had so many and such terrible problems , problems of life or death , that we did n't pay it enough attention , " Castro said of the way gays and lesbians were treated . In 1979 , Cuba decriminalized homosexual acts and more recently , there have been efforts to legalize same-sex unions . The former leader , whose popular Revolution seized power in 1959 , ruled the island nation until ill health forced him to transfer power to his younger brother Raul Castro in 2006 . In the La Jornada interview , Fidel Castro also talked about the impact of the five-decade U.S. embargo on Cuba . "  The biggest problem was always medicine and food , which is true even today , " he said . While the embargo prevented Cuba from trading with much of the world , it also encouraged the country to be more creative , Castro said . "  The fight , the battle that we had to carry out , led us to make greater efforts than we would have made without the blockade , " he explained . The United States imposed the embargo against Cuba in 1961 after Castro 's government began seizing private land and nationalizing private companies , and Havana levied heavy taxes on American goods .	Cuba sent openly gay men to labor camps with no charges in the '60s and '70s Fidel Castro acknowledges "  persecution " of gays and lesbians during the Revolution Castro says the U.S. embargo against Cuba encouraged his country to be creative
CNN  A military operation in northern Cameroon has freed 24 of 80 people kidnapped by suspected Boko Haram militants , according to Cameroonian officials . On Sunday morning , the militants targeted the villages of Mabass and Makxy in the Mayo-Tsanaga division of Cameroon 's Far North Region , razing more than 80 houses and taking captives . Three of those abducted were later found dead , state-run media reported . Mijiyawa Bakary , the regional governor , told CNN on Monday that soldiers from the Cameroon army 's Mobile Intervention Battalion freed some of the captives during an operation against Boko Haram . "  The 24 people regained their freedom as the soldiers were chasing the Boko Haram militants . The insurgents were fleeing back to Nigeria from whence they came , " he said . Col. Didier Badjeck , a Cameroonian Defense Ministry spokesman , confirmed the captives had been freed . Communication Minister Issa Tchiroma Bakary said Sunday 's mass abduction was the largest that Boko Haram has conducted inside Cameroon . The kidnappings came as some 2,000 Chadian troops arrived in Cameroon to help fight the insurgents . The deployment followed Cameroonian President Paul Biya 's call for international cooperation in the fight against Boko Haram . Cameroon has already deployed about 7,000 troops across the Far North , where Boko Haram has scaled up attacks over the past six months . Boko Haram has terrorized northern Nigeria regularly since 2009 , attacking police , schools , churches and civilians , and bombing government buildings . It has also kidnapped students , including more than 200 schoolgirls who were abducted in April -- and remain missing . The Islamist group has said its aim is to impose a stricter form of Sharia law across Nigeria , which is split between a majority Muslim north and a mostly Christian south . Initially , Boko Haram militants crossed the border into neighboring Cameroon to steal food or kidnap foreign nationals , but more recently the group has attacked military installations . While Chad is the first country to put boots on the ground in Cameroon , the international community and regional bodies are also expressing concern . The U.N. Security Council is expected to condemn Boko Haram by name in a strongly worded statement later Monday .	Suspected Boko Haram militants kidnapped 80 people from northern Cameroon Two dozen of the abductees were freed during an army operation Monday , officials say A local official says Cameroonian soldiers had been chasing the militants back to Nigeria
CNN  -- When it comes to post-slopes imbibing , not all drinks are created equal . The long-beloved tradition of après ski is changing , as curated experiences and educational opportunities become more popular from Aspen to Jackson Hole to the Dolomites in Italy . Whether the brew comes to you  a pop-up champagne bar  or you go to the source  a ski-in distillery with tours and spirits geeks to answer all your questions  , après ski is becoming more engaging and cerebral . Take your ski vacation this year with a side of spirits knowledge at the following spots . Pop-up champagne bar in Aspen Veuve Clicquot takes the concept of the pop-up bar even further this year in Aspen . Each Friday , Saturday , and Sunday through the end of ski season , the Oasis 3.0 Veuve Clicquot Bar will change locations on Aspen Mountain . Clues leading thirsty skiers to tall flutes of champagne can be found on Twitter . Stationed at approximately 11,000 feet , this ski-in , ski-out pop-up is serving Veuve Clicquot Yellow Label , Rose and La Grande Dame in addition to small bites . Find the location clues by following @TheLittleNell on Twitter and look for the bright yellow umbrellas on the mountain . Wyoming whiskey tastings In Jackson Hole , the Clear Creek Group of luxury rental homes is coordinating specialized tastings and après ski sessions . Staying in any of the portfolio 's homes grants access to exclusive at-home tastings featuring local producers . A partnership with Snake River Brewing and Wyoming Whiskey brings the après ski action to your own rental , allowing guests to become familiar with small-batch bourbon or local beers in the comfort of their living rooms . Concierges can tailor these at-home experiences according to individual interests . The tastings are available through April 6 , weather permitting . A different kind of safari in Italy Some après ski experiences are available throughout the season , while others are specific events worth traveling for . Wine Ski Safari , locally called "  Dé dl vin in Ladin , " is scheduled for March 30 at the Alta Badia ski resort in the Dolomites of Northern Italy . Four mountain huts , each dedicated to a specific wine region , will offer tastes of Italian wines beside the ski runs at an elevation of 7,000 feet . Wine lovers can raise a glass with members of the Italian national ski team , who will join the festivities celebrating Italian wines , served with local bread , cheese and charcuterie . The Aprés Ski Cocktail Classic Cocktail lovers will have another excuse to travel to Aspen this year with the Aprés Ski Cocktail Classic scheduled for March 13 to 16 . This winter spirit festival will feature a range of tasting events , such as an Irish coffee pop-up bar sponsored by Tullamore Dew . This ski-in , ski-out bar will serve up classic Irish coffees in the style of San Francisco 's Buena Vista Café . Other events on the calendar include an advanced session to learn about agave and mezcal , a tasting village full of premium spirits and upscale dinners with cocktail pairings . Some events are complimentary and open to the public , while others have limited seating and require tickets purchased in advance . Bloody Mary drinking in the valley Skiers can savor a taste of Utah at the St. Regis Deer Valley with the 7452 Bloody Mary . The in-house Bloody Mary at the St. Regis Bar  each St. Regis creates its own signature Bloody Mary  features oat-distilled vodka from the local High West Distillery . Named after the resort 's altitude of 7,452 feet , this après ski cocktail has a local flair and is finished with a touch of salt on the rim and a celery/wasabi foam . Light fare from Jean-Georges is also on the menu here . Ski into this Park City distillery After tasting that Bloody Mary at the St. Regis , you might want to track down that vodka . High West Distillery in Park City is a ski-in , ski-out distillery and saloon with distillery tours , handcrafted cocktails and James Beard award-winning pub fare . Here you will learn about a variety of craft spirits , all made in small batches , such as Rendezvous Rye , Vodka 7000 ' , aged and un-aged whiskeys , and even bottled cocktails , such as a barrel-aged Manhattan . Three distillery tours are offered each day ; reservations in advance are suggested . Snowmelt spirits in Breckenridge If skiing brings you to Colorado this year , focus your après ski action on the Breckenridge Distillery , a facility set at an elevation of 9,600 feet . Here , small batch bourbon , whiskey , rum , bitters and more are created from the snowmelt in the Rocky Mountains . How does this impact the final product ? Take a tour and sip in the tasting room to find out , with the opportunity to speak directly to the experts . Distillery tours are available on the hour and half hour during distillery business hours , 11 a.m. to 6 p.m. . The tasting room on Main Street in the heart of Breckenridge is open later  8 p.m. Monday through Thursday , 9 p.m. Friday and Saturday , 7 p.m. Sunday  .	You never know where a champagne bar might pop up in Aspen Host a private Wyoming Whiskey tasting in your luxury rental Toast the Italian ski team in the Dolomites of Northern Italy
London  CNN  -- It 's September 11 , 2012 . The National Day of Catalonia . And an estimated 1.5 million people are on the streets of Barcelona waving banners "  Catalonia -- The next state in Europe " and "  Independencia . " Separatist Catalans are calling for sovereignty from Madrid and the rule of the conservative Popular Party , led by Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy . Losing 20 % of the economy is the last thing the Spanish government needs right now . But if those calling for independence get their way , that could be exactly what happens when Catalans go to the polls this weekend . Catalonia -- a region in the northeast of Spain and home to global brands and tourist attractions including Barcelona Football Club and the Gaudi House Museum -- represents one fifth of the Spanish economy . The Catalonia issue comes at an inconvenient time for Rajoy 's government , which opposes any talk of independence . Spain , part of the eurozone mainstay , is grappling with unsustainable borrowing costs and a soaring public deficit while trying to placate public anger over a lack of jobs and stringent austerity . Out of the hardship , regional disputes in northern Spain have started to resurface , particularly in Catalonia . Economists at Deutsche Bank say the political turmoil in such a prosperous region could be the catalyst that forces the Spanish central government into seeking aid from Europe 's permanent bailout fund , the European Stability Mechanism . As the industrial heartbeat of the eurozone 's fourth largest economy , Catalonia is the most important economic region in Spain . Situated on the Mediterranean and bordering France , the area is home to seven million people and made up of four provinces : Barcelona , Lleida , Tarragona and Girona . Calls for independence The debate over Catalan independence is not new . Strained tensions between Madrid and Catalonia have been around for centuries . But Salvador Giner , sociologist and president of the Intitut d'Estudis Catalans , told CNN the vehemence of the debate fluctuates depending on the political and economic zeitgeist . Artur Mas , head of the Catalan government , has announced a snap regional election on November 25 . If his nationalist CiU party win , a referendum on Catalan independence is expected to follow shortly after , according to Gilles Moec , co-head of European economic research at Deutsche Bank . Giner told CNN that a victory for Mas and CiU should be considered a certainty . He said : "  The socialist party in Catalonia is in disarray . He -LSB- Mas -RSB- knows that he 'll win hands down . " However , Xavier Sala-i-Martin , a professor in economics at Columbia University , says that Mas is simply "  following the crowd " on calls for sovereignty . He said : "  Up until September 11 his strategy was to go to Madrid and ask for a better financial deal or "  fiscal pact " as he called it . I guess that the massive demonstrations convinced him that his people no longer want a better financial deal from Spain . They want independence . And he joined the bandwagon ... Mas does n't lead . He follows . " Catalonia 's nearby regions , the Basque country , and Galicia in the Northwest of Spain also have self-governance mandates under the Spanish Constitution of 1978 . And while not wholly independent from Spanish state law , they are still considered autonomous . On October 21 , both the Basque country and Galicia held regional elections . Rajoy received a boost in his home region of Galicia where his centre-right party won a majority of the parliamentary seats against two nationalist groups and a socialist party . The win represented support for Rajoy 's government as it tries to reduce Spain 's deficit through a rigorous austerity program . The Basque elections presented a very different outcome . The nationalist party -- known as PNV -LSB- Partido Nacionalista Vasco -RSB- won 27 seats while the pro-independence party , Bildu , secured 21 and Rajoy 's Popular Party won just 10 seats of the 75 . For over 50 years , the Basque region was home to a paramilitary group known by the acronym "  ETA " and in English "  Basque Homeland and Freedom . " The terrorist group -- formed in 1958 -- carried out a number of attacks on Spanish citizens in the name of sovereignty and but declared a permanent cease-fire last year . Giner says their activities failed to help the Basque country 's cause and he would like to see Catalan independence achieved peacefully . He told CNN : "  I believe full sovereignty for Catalonia is absolutely possible and we can achieve this in a civilized manner , without the use of terrorist groups . " Spain 's austerity drive Today , Spain is suffering . The Madrid-based Popular Party is introducing deeply unpopular policies . These include a fiscal cocktail of severe budget cuts and rising taxes on a population already afflicted by the highest rate of unemployment in Europe at 25.1 % , according to Eurostat figures . The CiU is raising the debate on sovereignty at a time of public frustration over taxes in Catalonia . Moec said in a note that the CiU blames the central government for disproportionate taxes levied at Catalans -- with the wealth then re-distributed to Spain 's poorer regions . Salvador Giner says he understands the need for Spanish solidarity and to help struggling regions , but says a large proportion of the revenue generated from taxes is not being reinvested in Catalonia . He added : "  Catalans are fed up with the current situation on taxes . Catalonia gets back only about 19 % to 21 % of our contribution to the central government . " According to Sala-i-Martin , taxes and regional distribution of wealth are a large part of the problem for Catalans -- but the biggest tensions are steeped in the country 's modern history . Catalonia 's past After the country 's military dictator , Franco , died in 1975 , Catalans thought that they could be part of a country that recognized its different cultures , languages and nations , Sala-i-Martin said . Initially , that looked possible . But then : "  In 1981 , after the military coup attempt , the monster woke up , " the Columbia professor added . "  All the Spanish institutions reinterpreted the constitution in ways that did not allow Catalunya to feel comfortable within that country . " In 2010 , the Spanish constitutional courts ruled that although the term "  nation " could be applied to Catalonia , the description had no legal validity . The recession and financial crisis of 2008 then exacerbated the tensions between Catalonia and Madrid , Sala-i-Martin said . This forced the Catalan administration to make a plea to the central government in Madrid for a regional bailout of five billion euros from an 18 billion euro credit line set up for debt-ridden Spanish regions . Employment in Catalonia is also causing a political headache for the CiU and the national governing Popular Party . According to a report by the Organization of Cooperation and Development -LSB- OECD -RSB- , unemployment in Catalonia has jumped by 8.6 % to 16.3 % , since the collapse of the housing market and the global financial crisis began in 2008 . Salvador Giner says the unemployment rate is in part due to immigrants -- largely from Southern Spain and North Africa -- settling in the region . The situation has been aggravated by an extended period of low economic growth . The Catalan people are becoming steadily disillusioned with the economic management from Madrid , says Sala-i-Martin . He said : "  If Spain came back today with an offer to solve the financial problems , most Catalans would still like to be given the right to vote for independence . "	Catalans go to the polls on Sunday November 25 in a vote that trigger a referendum for independence Catalonia is home to tourist attractions -- Barcelona Football Club and the Gaudi House Museum The CiU is raising the debate on sovereignty at a time of public frustration over taxes in Catalonia
CNN  -- Sarah is selling Sarah . The former vice presidential candidate and half-term governor of Alaska is a commodity of one and a marketing machine . She has created a new politics of profit . Palin 's reanimation on the tea party stage probably means no more than the other intentions she has floated but never executed . She spent almost a year of the last presidential election cycle teasing the far right that she was going to run for president . She never did , but lots of network TV interviews and speculative articles drove up her name recognition and brand identification . And she 's not running again . Palin is re-running the same show in her home state of Alaska by hinting that she is going to be a candidate for the U.S. Senate . She will not run though . There is too much risk of failure . She 's not the near-unknown who was elected governor of Alaska and then quit 2Â 1/2 years into the job . She has a profile , and she intends to use it to make money , which is one commitment she knows how to keep . Running and losing is always bad for business . Palin is a product . Not a candidate . Politically , Sarah Palin is an opposite gender version of Donald Trump . She makes grandiloquent statements about candidacies and a future that she knows will never transpire . Trump and Palin lack the courage to run for president but have profitably monetized the speculation about a candidacy . Trump can not abide the notion of losing , which he knows is inevitable , and he fears what that might do to his image and revenue stream . Palin is self-aware enough to realize that she has neither the intellect nor popular support outside the increasingly unpopular tea party . So why not make a buck ? In the detritus of the McCain-Palin presidential campaign , the second name emerged as the lead act . The first nine months after her resignation as governor , at the end of July 2009 , Palin reportedly earned $ 12 million , including a book deal , a TV show and speaking fees that were generally more than $ 100,000 per appearance . It 's not hard to tell whether principle is more important than profit for the failed vice presidential candidate . The tea party has been charged $ 100,000 for a Palin speech , and , even as she promotes support of charities , a Toronto cancer center a few years ago paid $ 200,000 for her to attend a fund-raiser , and the event sold out at $ 200 a seat . Her politics and intelligence might be trifling , but Palin appears to have evolved a very nice business model : Raise the profile to raise the revenue , mostly for herself . And she 's back at it . Until recently , Palin has n't been too active , except on social media . She seems to have the entire national tea party population on her Facebook page , but the TV cameras had not been showing up when she gave her bargain-priced speeches . A love spat with Fox News that kept her off the air and then back into the network 's arms has left her fans confused . Donations to Sarah PAC fell off . Why was no one paying attention ? Palinians should not fear . She has seen opportunity in the tea party and its plans to beat moderate Republicans in GOP primaries . This is a nearly risk-free approach to increased Sarah-wareness . The candidate runs , Palin speaks and rallies the initiates . She endorses , and if the campaign fails it is the candidate 's fault , not Palin 's ; she 's moved on to help in another race . But the cameras came , reporters took notes , images were broadcast , words were published , and Palin 's price went up . Timing is critical to maximizing opportunity , of course . When the federal government shut down as a consequence of tea party obstinacy , Palin jetted off to Washington to help her ideological consort , Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas , as they crashed the "  Barrycades " at the National World War II Memorial . Those cameras and bullhorns and journalists were there . Palin had just arrived from New Jersey , where she had endorsed the hopeless tea party candidacy of Steve Lonegan , who lost , soundly , but not without Sarah getting TV time in New York . In business school , they teach "  know your customer . " Palin might have attended that class because she is promising to help tea party candidates unseat GOP U.S. senators in South Carolina , Kentucky , Mississippi and Tennessee in 2014 . The Sarah Promoting Sarah tour begins , however , several months ahead at the Iowa Faith and Freedom Foundation dinner on November 9 . In what is almost certainly a coincidence of timing , just three days later , Palin 's new book goes on sale for the holidays . She has not written about the Constitution or her understanding of Paul Revere in the Revolutionary War ; Palin , instead , is doing the much more challenging work of preventing further harm to Christmas . "  Good Tidings and Great Joy : Protecting the Heart of Christmas , " can already be pre-ordered . Get yours now . Or just send a check to Palin . She might not understand politics or policy , but Palin knows money . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of James C. Moore .	James Moore : Sarah Palin 's revival on the tea party stage increases her brand recognition Moore : She 's a marketing machine , taking every opportunity to raise her profile Moore : Palin promotes tea party candidates in safe districts , never runs for office He says her re-emergence comes just before release of her book defending Christmas
CNN  -- China took advantage of a Kuwait sending-off to make a winning start to the 2011 Asian Cup on Saturday . The 2-0 victory mirrored the result of Friday 's tournament-opening match , leaving two teams on three points in Group A following Uzbekistan 's surprise win over hosts Qatar . Kuwait had to play for almost an hour with only 10 men at Al Gharafa Stadium after defender Musaed Neda was sent off in the 35th minute for kicking out at Yang Xu following a tussle for the ball . Defender Zhang Linpeng put China ahead in the 58th minute when his shot took a big deflection to leave goalkeeper Nawaf Al Khaldi stranded , with Kuwait having failed to properly clear a corner . Qatar welcomes half the world Deng Zhuoxiang sealed victory eight minutes later with a curling freekick after substitute Hao Junmin was fouled just outside the penalty area . "  I 'm very happy to win this game , " China coach Gao Hongbo told the AFP news agency . "  The first match is always very tough , very hard . "  For the first 30 minutes the Kuwait team did very well , but after that our team controlled the match . The four teams in Group A are very close , so any result can help . We will have to wait until the last game to see who will qualify . " Kuwait 's Serbian coach Goran Tufegdzic was unhappy that Australian referee Benjamin Williams did not award his team a penalty in the opening 20 minutes when China skipper Du Wei brought down Bader Al Mutawa . Hosts Qatar shocked in Asian Cup opener "  I do n't want to make comments about referees but lots of people said he made many , many mistakes , " Tufegdzic told AFP . "  I think the relevant commission will have to look at the match and give a punishment for this referee . " China next play Qatar on Wednesday , when Kuwait face Uzbekistan . The Group B matches kick off on Sunday , with Japan playing Jordan and 2007 runners-up Saudi Arabia taking on Syria . The 16-team tournament , played every four years , sees defending champions Iraq facing Iran in Group D on Tuesday .	Kuwait 's Musaed Neda becomes first player to be sent off at 2011 Asian Cup Defender 's first-half dismissal helps China win 2-0 in the second match in Group A Zhang Linpeng and Deng Zhuoxiang score in the second half in Qatar Hosts beaten 2-0 by Uzbekistan in Friday 's tournament-opening match
CNN  -- Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi appeared Monday either to not know that demonstrators in cities throughout Libya are calling for an end to his rule or not accept it , according to excerpts from the interview , which a U.S. official described as "  delusional . " "  No demonstration at all in the streets , " he told ABC News and the BBC in a joint interview carried out at a restaurant in Tripoli , excerpts of which were posted on the BBC 's website . Told by the BBC 's Jeremy Bowen that he had seen demonstrators in the streets that morning , Gadhafi asked , "  Are they supporting us ? " Gadhafi , wearing sunglasses and clad in brown tribal clothing , refused to accept the reporter 's assertion that they were not . "  No . No one against us . Against me for what ? " He repeated his assertion that he is not president , but one of the people . "  They love me , all my people with me , they love me all . They will die to protect me , my people . No , no . " Asked why his people had captured and were holding the nation 's second-largest city , Benghazi , Gadhafi said it was al Qaeda , not the Libyan people , who had done so . "  Al Qaeda , " he said . "  They came from outside . " ABC 's Christiane Amanpour , in a posting on the network 's website , said Gadhafi arrived for the interview in a small convoy of sedans accompanied by little security . "  Gadhafi said he wanted to speak to the press to get the truth out , and he spent more than an hour with us trying to put forth his side of the story , " Amanpour wrote . He questioned how the international community could freeze his assets , impose sanctions and embargo arms sales based on media reports , and invited the United Nations to carry out an independent "  fact-finding mission , " she reported . He vowed not to leave Libya , she reported , and denied having used force against his people . "  He seemed to be in complete denial about the protests against him , and that other big cities in Libya , particularly those in the east , had been taken by his opponents , " she said . "  He simply rejected the notion that any walls were closing in on him . He denied he was besieged in the capital and said he would survive the current situation . " He reiterated an assertion he first made last week that his opponents have been given hallucinogens by al Qaeda operatives , and he said he felt betrayed by the United States , which had lifted its sanctions on the country after Gadhafi agreed to give up his pursuit of weapons of mass destruction in 2003 . "  I 'm surprised that we have an alliance with the West to fight al Qaeda , and now that we are fighting terrorists they have abandoned us , " he said , according to Amanpour . "  Perhaps they want to occupy Libya . " Gadhafi called U.S. President Barack Obama a "  good man " but said he might have been given "  misinformation . " "  The statements I have heard from him must have come from someone else , " Gadhafi said . U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Susan Rice was unimpressed . "  It sounds , just frankly , delusional , " she told reporters . "  And when he can laugh in talking to American and international journalists while he is slaughtering his own people , it only underscores how unfit he is to lead and how disconnected he is from reality . "  It makes all the more important the urgent steps that we have taken over the course of the last week on a national basis , as well as the steps that we 've taken collectively through the United Nations and the Security Council , and we 're going to continue to keep the pressure on . " She called on Gadhafi "  to step aside to prevent further bloodshed and to allow the Libyan people to have a government that is responsive to their aspirations . "	NEW : "  It sounds , just frankly , delusional , " says U.S. ambassador "  They love me , all my people with me , " Gadhafi says "  No demonstration at all in the streets , " he tells ABC and BBC in a joint interview Obama "  a good man " but misinformed
New York  CNN  -- In the aftermath of one of the worst weather systems to hit the Northeast , finding adequate shelter is the big concern . What to do with displaced residents , whose homes were rendered dark , cold and powerless by Superstorm Sandy , is now the question plaguing emergency management officials across the Tri-State area . FEMA 's answer for New York : Fix up the homes as best they can and put people back in them . Faced with a lack of physical space for FEMA trailers and limited access to available rental apartments and hotels , FEMA officials in New York said they are bent on making flood-soaked homes inhabitable as winter weather moves in . Jersey City takes 1-2 punch "  New York is a unique housing environment , " said Michael Byrne , federal coordinating officer for FEMA , on Wednesday . "  We had to come up with something . " The agency 's typical approach to disaster relief , such as the widespread use of emergency trailers for displaced residents and long-term rental assistance , does n't work as well in the Big Apple . Rental housing vacancies across New York City are less than 5 % , while holiday season hotel rooms are packed with tourists and travelers , leaving few options for those in need of shelter , authorities said . Adding to the dilemma , crowding persists in the city 's public housing units , where more than 160,000 families were on the waiting list before the storm . Can Christie capitalize politically on Sandy ? Officials are expected to focus on getting power restored in places where the sheer extent of the electrical damage has made utility companies cautious about reconnecting homes to the power grid . They will also implement structural repairs to make the homes adequate shelters for incoming winter weather . Repairs could include tarps , plastic and plywood . Map : See images of destruction , recovery across the East Coast FEMA is putting forth "  an essential package of necessary fixes so that people can get back into their homes , " said Byrne . "  This is not a complete repair . " More than 17,000 households remain without power across New York . That does not include more than 30,000 customers who "  are unable to safely receive power without customer repairs , " according to the Long Island Power Authority . Long Island residents sue utility In hard-hit places like the Rockaways and Staten Island , where residents have often clung to their damp homes instead of evacuating , officials said the new program will better cater to the stark realities of the crisis . "  Our home is not that destroyed . We do n't have no heat  and  it 's very cold in the apartment , " said Margaret Alvarez , a 41-year-old resident of Far Rockaway , Queens . "  We just need heat , water and electricity . " Residents like Alvarez , whose homes are damaged but not destroyed , are likely FEMA 's target customers . But reservations about safety persist . Opinion : Do n't rebuild "  My house shifted about 5 inches , " said Joanne McClenin , 55 , a New Dorp resident of Staten Island . "  We do n't know if the quick repair ... is going to be safe enough . " A thicket of downed houses and washed-out roads lines several blocks in the New Dorp area after a torrent of wind and water swept across the coastal neighborhood on October 29 . "  I do n't know how minor repairs get you back in your home , " she said . Sandy amplifies struggles for low-income families Others seemed somewhat encouraged by the federal plan . "  There are a lot of people that do n't have their own contractors , so it 's a good program for those people , " said Dawn Nasella , a 41-year-old resident of Staten Island , whose rental property was destroyed in the storm . But the program is not meant to address the needs of those made homeless . That displaced population has mostly inhabited hundreds of city shelters , holed up with friends and family members or taken to living in more perilous places , like their cars . Costs of Sandy in the billions Meanwhile , signs of normalcy continued to surface across the Tri-State area . But those still in the dark require inspectors to go door-to-door to check individual electrical panels to avoid further damage and potential electrical fires , raising the possibility of a long and cold winter for those still without proper shelter . How to help CNN 's Rob Frehse and Rande Iaboni contributed to this report	Program creates package of fixes to get people back into their homes More than 17,000 households remain without power across New York That does n't include more than 30,000 who "  are unable to safely receive power " Rental vacancies across New York City are less than 5 % . Hotels are already packed
Washington  CNN  -- Recently , I was talking with an interviewer about men and war  I wrote a book about this  , and she asked me , "  What is it about testosterone that gets us into war ? " There is no doubt that women can fight . They do so every day in Afghanistan and Iraq . Though not permitted in the infantry in the U.S. , they have seen plenty of action on a battlefield with no fronts . They are brave . They are also prudent . Some men , maybe not so much . In his correspondence between 1886 and 1898 , for example , Theodore Roosevelt wrote enthusiastically about the prospect of war with Mexico , Canada , Britain , Germany and Spain . Roosevelt may have been an extreme example -- charging up Cuba 's San Juan Hill , he exulted , "  Holy Godfrey , what fun ! " -- but he was hardly unusual in his eagerness for combat . When war against Spain was declared in April 1898 , President William McKinley asked for 125,000 volunteers . He got over a million young American men almost overnight . In those days , women were not permitted in the armed services . But what if they had been ? Do women share the yearning for combat that has defined so many young men in so many societies , all through time ? I am tempted to say that women would be less likely to get us into wars . But then I remember Queen Elizabeth I  if you ca n't , just picture Cate Blanchett in body armor  , British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher  saying to President George H.W. Bush before the Persian Gulf War , "  Now , George , do n't go wobbly on me "  and Golda Meir , prime minister of Israel during the Yom Kippur War  ordering revenge for the 1972 Olympics slaying of Israeli athletes  . Does anyone doubt that gun-toting Sarah Palin would be ready to fight anyone , anytime ? Hillary Clinton ? Still , I think women do not have the same primitive urge to test themselves in combat . Back in Teddy Roosevelt 's time , upper-class men in particular were determined to prove their manhood , fearful that they might be somehow exposed as weak and effeminate . This was particularly evident in Roosevelt 's correspondence . He scoffs at his political foes as "  hermaphrodites " : roughly , half-woman , half-man . Curiously , however , Roosevelt was introduced to the mythology and glories of war by a woman . Josephine Shaw Lowell was the widow and sister of two great Civil War heroes and martyrs , Charles Russell Lowell and Robert Gould Shaw .  You may remember Shaw 's fatal charge with his doomed black regiment from the movie "  Glory "  . The young Josephine , a family friend of the Roosevelts ' , would visit wearing her widow 's weeds and thrill little Theodore with the exploits of her martyred menfolk . In her old age , Josephine Lowell turned against war . She had the wisdom to see that a war to free the slaves in America was noble but that foreign adventuring in Cuba and the Philippines had more to do with the atavistic urges of men than wise policy or moral duty . Indeed , women may respond to the test of their essential identity in a less macho fashion then men . Although there were reportedly some problems with having women in the frontline units of the early Israeli army , women fought courageously and well in the Russian army against Germany in World War II . In the American military , women have taken on dangerous jobs . After some initial resistance , women fliers have been accepted by the brotherhood of naval aviators and air force pilots . In the movie "  Courage Under Fire , " about a brave helicopter pilot in Desert Storm played by Meg Ryan , the men are shocked when Ryan cries . There is a wonderful scene in which Ryan tells the men to stop staring . "  It 's just tears . It does n't mean anything , " she snaps . Women are no less courageous than male soldiers , but they sometimes have less need to show off . They certainly can bring a certain sense of humor that is useful in deflating male egos . After Teddy Roosevelt rode up San Juan Hill with his Rough Riders , his wife , Edith , went to Cuba to tour the battlefield . When she returned , she slyly told her husband that the hill of his famous charge was not quite as high as she had been led to believe . It is not known whether Roosevelt laughed . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Evan Thomas .	Evan Thomas was asked , "  what is it about testosterone that gets us into war ? " He says women brave , prudent ; historically , men , like Teddy Roosevelt , eager for combat Women can make war  Thatcher , Meir  but lack men 's macho urge to test themselves Thomas : Women tend to have have less need to show off
The Food and Drug Administration said Monday that it was loosening restrictions on the controversial diabetes drug Avandia "  to reflect new information regarding the cardiovascular risk . " An advisory panel voted in June to recommend loosening restrictions put in place in 2010 , when the FDA limited Avandia use to patients with type 2 diabetes who could not control their illness with other medications . That decision was based on studies showing an increased risk of serious heart problems in patients taking Avandia , most notably a 2007 analysis by Dr. Steven Nissen , a cardiologist at the Cleveland Clinic , showing a 43 % increase in heart attacks . The finding led the FDA to order GlaxoSmithKline , the drug 's maker , to conduct a thorough study of its safety . The full results of that study , known as RECORD , were made public in 2009 . Results from RECORD "  showed no elevated risk of heart attack or death in patients being treated with Avandia when compared to standard-of-care diabetes drugs , " the FDA said in a statement Monday . "  These data do not confirm the signal of increased risk of heart attacks that was found in a meta-analysis of clinical trials first reported in 2007 . " "  Our actions today reflect the most current scientific knowledge about the risks and benefits of this drug , " said Dr. Janet Woodcock , director of the FDA 's Center for Drug Evaluation and Research , in the statement . "  Given these new results , our level of concern is considerably reduced ; thus , we are requiring the removal of certain prescribing restrictions . " Video : FDA restricts diabetes drug Avandia Although GlaxoSmithKline said the safety data were reassuring , the study was heavily criticized by Dr. Thomas Marciniak , an FDA scientist who reviewed the data and said the company ignored several cases of patients who suffered severe adverse effects . Because there were multiple conflicting signals of cardiovascular risk associated with the drug , Woodcock recommended that Glaxo commission an outside independent group to review RECORD 's results . GSK chose the Duke Clinical Research Institute to re-examine the data and held a June hearing on the results . The institute 's associate director , Dr. Kenneth Mahaffey , said that it performed a comprehensive review and that its data were consistent with the RECORD results . In June , some members of the FDA panel questioned the severity of the current restrictions and the scope of cardiovascular events caused by taking the drug . "  I am considerably reassured ... that the magnitude of risk is not great , " said Dr. Dale Hammerschmidt , one of the panelists who voted to modify the warning . He added that he thought the current warning was more severe than necessary but should not be removed entirely . As of June , only 3,000 patients in the United States were registered to take Avandia , according to GlaxoSmithKline spokeswoman Mary Ann Rhyne . That 's compared with the 120,000 patients taking the drug in 2010 before the restrictions were put in place .	Restrictions on Avandia were put in place in 2010 Studies showed an increased risk of serious heart problems Additional research shows no additional cardiovascular risk with Avandia
CNN  -- The family -- mom , dad and two kids -- left their home looking like they meant to be back in a few minutes . But surveillance video caught what appears to be the four of them walking across the border into Mexico . There 's been no word of them since . Now the investigation into the disappearance of the Southern California family in 2010 is being taken over by the FBI , authorities in California announced . Since Joseph McStay , his wife , Summer , and their two young children , Gianni , and Joseph Mateo , vanished more than three years ago , the San Diego County Sheriff 's Department has been leading the search . "  Due to the fact that the family is believed to be out of the country , and because minor children are involved , the primary investigative responsibility for the case is being transferred to the FBI , " Lt. Glenn Giannantonio of the San Diego County 's department said in a prepared statement Tuesday . Three years later , no sign of missing family "  The FBI is the most appropriate law enforcement agency to continue the investigation since they have significant experience and investigative assets in foreign countries . The sheriff 's department will continue participating in the investigation in a supporting role . " The McStays were last seen or heard from on February 4 , 2010 . When police entered their home in Fallbrook , California , more than 10 days later , they found eggs on the kitchen counter and bowls of popcorn in the living room . Their two dogs were left unattended in the residence . The family 's locked and abandoned Isuzu Trooper had been located on February 8 in San Ysidro , just two blocks from the Mexican border . Surveillance video taken that night shows a family fitting the description of the McStays walking into Mexico . "  We do believe the family on the tape going into Mexico is that of the McStays , " Giannantonio told CNN earlier this year . Joseph McStay 's mother welcomed the FBI 's involvement . "  I 'm very happy for this , " Susan Blake said to CNN Tuesday evening . "  I 'm happy to get more of the international part of that . Now , it can reach across to all other countries . It does n't mean they are necessarily in Mexico , but it will keep their names and faces out there . It 's just a big benefit . " Three years without a clue have taken a heavy toll on Blake . Previously she had expressed doubt that the people in the video were her son and his family , noting that his asthma medicine was left in the car and there were no car seats for the children . "  I just do n't know what to think anymore , "  she said Tuesday , "  if they are in Mexico , or even if my son is alive . These are answers that I need . And these children , I just wonder what they look like . Once they find them are they going to remember us ? " "  I hope they solve it , so everybody can get some closure , " said Joseph McStay 's brother , Michael McStay . "  It 's been over three years , and it 's been wearing on everybody , all the family members . So I 'm hoping something comes up and we can get some resolution . " Anyone with information on the McStays is asked to call Crime Stoppers at 888 580-8477 .	Joseph and Summer McStay and their two children have n't been seen since 2010 The FBI is taking over the investigation from San Diego County authorities The family 's abandoned SUV was found near the Mexican border A surveillance video shows what appears to be them crossing the border
CNN  -- As always , Mobile World Congress , the world 's largest mobile telephone extravaganza , is being held in Barcelona this year . But it really should be held in Geneva , close to where Mary Shelley created Frankenstein . That 's because , with our increasing addiction to our mobile phones , we are in danger of creating a monster that we are less and less able to control . Exaggeration ? When was the last time you went out without your smartphone ? How naked , how lost , do you feel without your mobile device ? How much essential data , I mean really personal stuff that you would n't want anyone else to see , does your mobile phone contain ? Expect all the noise this week in Barcelona to be about more powerful phones from Nokia , HTC , Samsung and LG . These hardware companies will articulate the benefits of their technology in terms of "  personal empowerment . " But the real truth behind these increasingly intelligent devices is personal disempowerment . Such is the eerie reality of a phone that you ca n't live without . Read more : Full coverage of Mobile World Congress Some of the problems with our cellphones are already well known . Last November , for example , the American epidemiologist and writer Dr Devra Davis told me about her research claiming that our cellphones could be giving us cancer . Then there was Robert Vamosi , the security expert , who explained to me how our mobile gadgets were spying on us . Vamosi even authored a book last year about this , entitled "  How Our Technologies Betray Us : The Dark Side of Our Infatuation With New Technologies . " Vamosi is n't exaggerating about this dark side . There 's an entire ecosystem developing around our mobile devices designed to spy on us . The Wall Street Journal ran a chilling series entitled "  What They Know " which revealed how our Apple iPhones and Google Android devices were watching our every move . The surveillance and the mobile phone industries , The Journal indicated , are becoming ever more indistinguishable . Every day now seems to reveal a new mobile data scandal . Only this week , for example , it was reported that Facebook , Flickr and other app makers were reading our text messages without our permission . The real problem with these phones is their increasing intelligence . Just as Google is designing the self-driving car , so tomorrow 's cell phone will become more and more all-knowing . By 2015 not only will there by seven billion mobile devices in the world , but they will -- empowered by artificial intelligence features like Apple 's Siri personal assistant and Evi , its new British competitor -- become more and more indistinguishable from the human brain . "  What we 're talking about is a complete physical interface to the digital and virtual worlds , " the futurist Richard Hammond told CNN . "  So we need to bring more brains onto the device , " Hammond explained , "  so we can provide more relevant information when needed ... based on artificial intelligence . Because that 's the kind of technology that brings the device closer our own reasoning capabilities . " But do any of us really want our cell phones to have our "  reasoning capabilities ? " Do we want to create mobile devices in our own image ? No , we do n't , I suspect . Especially since , as mobile ad industry experts acknowledged to CNN , this will involve the creepiest kind of compromises , allowing them to eavesdrop and record every aspect of the lives we reveal to the world through our mobile devices . At one point , I wonder , do increasingly intelligent and autonomous cell phones incorporate such sophisticated intelligence that they become indistinguishable from us ? At what point will we find ourselves in a world described by the Russian-American satirist Gary Shteyngart in "  Super Sad True Love Story " where everyone carries a mobile device called an "  apparat " that is able to identify the most intimate details of a stranger 's life ? Meanwhile , my earlier Frankenstein allusion is already being used by writers to describe our digital future . The best-selling writer , Robert Harris , did indeed base "  The Fear Index " his latest thriller in Geneva , the scene of Shelley 's Frankenstein . But whereas Harris imagines a world of massive computers acquiring human reasoning , a much scarier scenario is one in which this algorithmic power has been so miniaturized that it can be put inside our mobile devices . Hammond even suggests that this intelligence will become so indistinguishable from us that it will actually become part of us -- fashionable spectacles will provide visual displays , earring studs the audio and a third device will touch input . He then warns us about a future in which virtual reality will become so mobile that we will be able to wear it under our skin . So what to do ? How can we stop our phones becoming Frankenstein-like extensions of ourselves ? Yes , there is a need for legislation fighting our snooping mobile devices . I 'm in favor , for example , of U.S. President Barack Obama 's privacy bill of rights , and particularly his "  Do Not Track " legislation which he unveiled last week . And I applaud the work of legislators like EU Justice Commissioner Viviane Reding and Minnesota Congressman Al Franken who are aggressively looking into the information-collecting practices of Google , Apple and the other big data companies in the mobile ecosystem . But the growing omniscience of our mobile devices is n't just a political issue . "  Practice safe phone " to combat their cancerous impact , Dr Devra Davis advises . But practicing safe phone extends to untangling ourselves from our mobile devices . It means fighting their growing power over us . It means reminding them who is boss . Above all , we need to stop fetishizing cellphones . More than 60,000 people are expected to attend the Mobile World Congress this week to gaze at new phones . But remember : All the coercively seductive new products unveiled in Barcelona in the next few days are just phones . They ca n't make us younger , richer , more virile or more intelligent . And they certainly do n't empower us . The real sense of empowerment comes from  re  establishing our mastery over our mobile devices . As William Powers , the author of the excellent "  Hamlet 's BlackBerry " argues , what this means is disconnecting ourselves from our mobile devices once a week . What it means is pressing the off button so that our smartphone can never become as smart as we are . â $ cents Follow @ajkeen on Twitter The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Andrew Keen	Digital commentator Andrew Keen says our mobile phones are becoming uncontrollable monsters Keen says our dependency on our mobile devices leaves us open to dark side of technology Our only salvation lies through protective legislation -- and from knowing when to switch off , he says
CNN  -- In the playgrounds across Dortmund they will be re-enacting this night for years to come . Each child will take it in turns to take on the role of Felipe Santana , another will pretend to follow in the footsteps of Marco Reus , while others will fight it out to pull on the imaginary shirt of Robert Lewandowski . It is nights like these which inspire not only those inside the stadium , but the next generation of footballers . It 's what makes the intangible , tangible . Trailing 2-1 to Malaga going into stoppage time in Tuesday 's Champions League quarterfinal second leg , the Dortmund dream lay in tatters . This youthful and vibrant side , a team which has won admirers from across the globe , appeared to have choked when it was supposed to underline its status as one of the most exciting sides in Europe . But this is football -- a sport which still boasts the capacity to leave even the most seasoned of spectators transfixed in a state of disbelief . With the clock ticking down and all hope abating , Dortmund produced one of the most astonishing European comebacks in recent years . Two goals in added time broke Spanish hearts and propelled Jurgen Klopp 's side into the semifinals in a manner befitting of its own film script . This was Hollywood . The German side , which had held Malaga to a goalless draw in the first leg , was expected to reach the semifinal with ease and qualify for the last four for the first time since 1998 . It was not difficult to see why Dortmund was considered such a strong favourite -- it plays a brand of football which reawakens the youthful spirit in even the most weary of souls . In its yellow and black shirts , the players buzz and swarm around like bees , pushing , pressing and pestering . But while Dortmund dominated , it failed to make that crucial incision . Instead , it was Malaga which made the first move , giving the game a twist most did not expect to witness . Joaquin 's fierce strike found the corner and temporarily silenced the raucous crowd packed inside the stadium . But that goal , which arrived after 25 minutes , only served to stir Dortmund into action . Suddenly Dortmund found its spark -- and what a spark . In the end it was a moment of magic which lit up the Dortmund sky as the home side drew level with a sublime demonstration of how to unlock a defense . This was not simply a "  goal " . No , this was a thing of sheer beauty from the moment the ball found its way to Marco Reus until it hit the back of the net ; this was football from a different planet . Reus , the precociously talented playmaker , unfurled a flick of such cunning that it split the Malaga defense and allowed Robert Lewandowski to clip the ball over the goalkeeper and fire home . It was beautiful . If Barcelona had scored a goal of similar fashion then the world would have stopped and applauded -- Dortmund are not there yet , but this team is showing a potential which should excite those who embrace such pure football . But while its attacking prowess was clear to see , the backdoor always appeared ajar for a Malaga side determined to make light of its financial troubles and secure a last four berth . Joaquin twice failed to scored with headers when well placed , but those misses appeared not to matter when Eliseu touched home Julio Baptista 's shot with eight minutes remaining . That goal , which was converted from an offside position , left the home supporters crushed . But Dortmund refused to be denied and with the game drifting into the 91st minute , Reus lashed home from close range to level the game at 2-2 and leave his side needing one more goal . With just a couple of minutes left to play , Malaga needed only to hold out and preserve the 2-2 scoreline to progress . But as the yellow and black shirts poured forward , the Malaga defense buckled . From a seemingly hopeless position , the ball was lumped into the penalty area before falling at the feet of Santana just a yard from goal . He was offside -- earlier in the move there were four Dortmund players offside -- but that did n't stop him . The Brazilian smashed the ball home , the assistant referee 's flag did n't go up , the referee did n't blow . The goal stood as Malaga fell . Dortmund had triumphed . "  There is one very disappointed team in this moment and one lucky team , " Klopp told Sky Sports . "  It 's unbelievable . It was our worst game in the Champions League this season and not our best football . "  If we play like tonight we wo n't win the Champions League , but we have reached our target of the semifinal . " Malaga , which was making its debut in the competition , was left shell shocked as it suffered a heartbreaking exit . "  We were four minutes away from the semis , " striker Roque Santa Cruz told Sky Sports . "  There is huge disappointment in the dressing room . We had the tie in our hands . " In the night 's other game , Real Madrid progressed to the final four , despite suffering a 3-2 defeat in Turkey against Galatasaray . Leading 3-0 from the first leg , Cristiano Ronaldo 's early strike appeared to kill off any hope the home side might have had of causing an upset . But Fatih Terim 's men produced an inspired performance with goals from Emmanuel Eboue , Wesley Sneijder and Didier Drogba firing it into a 3-1 lead on the night . Ronaldo grabbed a late second , his 48th goal in 47 games this season , to finally end the fightback . Real finished with 10-men after Alvaro Arbeloa was sent off . "  I was n't getting nervous because I have no time for it , " Real boss Jose Mourinho told Sky Sports . "  I am on the bench so I have no time to think or to feel it , they are strong , strong mentally . "  They do n't play against 11 , they play 50,000 against 11 and it was hard for us . "  We are there , in the semifinals and that is what that matters . "  Today is the kind of match where you have everything to lose and nothing to win . "  People think we are already in the semifinal and players that that feeling from the outside . I felt the team was ready to work hard and had the motivation to reach Wembley in the final . "  I do n't know who we will play in the semifinal , it will be against a great team , that 's for sure and we need to play the semifinal and enjoy it . "	Borussia Dortmund scored twice in stoppage time to secure a 3-2 win over Malaga German side trailed 2-1 after 90 minutes before stunning late show Galatasaray claims 3-2 win over Real Madrid in Istanbul Spanish side prevails 5-3 on aggregate with Cristiano Ronaldo scoring twice
CNN  -- Several hundred of Donna Summer 's closest friends and family crowded into a Nashville , Tennessee , church Wednesday afternoon to say goodbye to the queen of disco , who died of lung cancer last week . The family had kept the funeral plans private , but by Wednesday afternoon it was revealed that the service was being held at Christ Presbyterian Church in Nashville . Cameras were not allowed inside . David Foster performed "  The Prayer " with Natalie Grant , according to Universal Music Enterprises , Summer 's record label . Summer 's sisters , Linda Gaines Lotman , Mary Ellen Bernard , Dara Bernard and Jenette Yancey , sang "  We 've Come This Far By Faith . " Guests included Giorgio Moroder , who produced several of Summer 's hits , and singer Tony Orlando . Summer had been a Nashville resident since 1995 . Summer 's death at age 63 last Thursday began a flow of tributes for the five-time Grammy winner , whose music was a driving beat of the disco era in the last half of the 1970s . "  Her talent was a true gift to the music industry , " said Neil Portnow , president and CEO of the Recording Academy . "  Few singers have impacted music & the world like Donna Summer ! It 's the end of an era , " singer Gloria Estefan wrote on Twitter . "  I ca n't believe we 've lost another wonderful singer , " Dolly Parton said . "  Donna , like Whitney  Houston  , had one of the greatest voices ever . I loved her records . She was the disco queen , and will remain so . I knew her and found her to be one of the most likable and fun people ever . She will be missed and remembered . " Summer , born in Boston to a father who was a butcher and a mother who was a schoolteacher , sang from the moment she learned to talk . Her debut performance came in church at age 10 when the scheduled singer did n't show and the pastor asked Donna to step in . Summer later recalled that the church performance left worshipers in tears . Though she is iconic in the disco genre , her five Grammy wins were also in the R&B , rock , inspirational and dance categories . Donna Summer : A diva who defined the disco moment In a 2003 interview with CNN , she said the initial absence of a manager led her to do provocative photo shoots . Her public image as a sex symbol and diva conflicted with her religious upbringing , she said . Her grandfather was a minister and her father a church deacon . "  Yes , it was a big complex and the image was sort of created around me , " Summer said . "  I was sort of there , but not consciously there . And I did n't have anybody sort of on my side at that point , fighting for me , except for me , being in the middle . And then people would say , you know , ` Lay down here and do this . ' And you know , whatever , " Summer said . Summer first rose to fame the mid - '70s , thanks to "  Love to Love You Baby . " With Summer 's whispered vocals and orgasmic groans , the song helped define the mid - '70s disco trend and hit No. 2 in 1976 . Summer followed the song with such hits as "  I Feel Love , " "  Last Dance " and a disco-fied version of the Richard Harris hit "  MacArthur Park , " which outdid Harris ' version by hitting No. 1 on Billboard 's Hot 100 singles chart . It was Summer 's first of four chart-toppers . But with her 1979 album , "  Bad Girls , " Summer broke out of the disco mold as the genre , which had become renewed by the success of the "  Saturday Night Fever " soundtrack , was feeling a backlash . "  Bad Girls " demonstrated Summer 's vocal and stylistic range and produced two No. 1 hits , "  Hot Stuff " and "  Bad Girls , " as well as a Top 10 ballad , "  Dim All the Lights . " However , Summer had some trouble adjusting to the changing times . Her next album , "  The Wanderer , " went for more of a rock feel . It produced a Top 10 hit in the title track but fared relatively poorly on the charts -- especially after the success of "  Bad Girls , " a double album that spent five weeks at No. 1 . It was n't until 1983 's "  She Works Hard for the Money , " which became a ubiquitous video as well as a big radio hit , that Summer 's fame approached its late '70s zenith . Dim all the lights , this ` last dance ' goes out to Donna Summer CNN 's Michael Martinez , Todd Leopold and Denise Quan contributed to this report .	NEW : David Foster and Natalie Grant among performers Donna Summer died from lung cancer at age 63 She rose to fame in the mid - '70s with "  Love to Love You Baby " Though she was a disco icon , her Grammy wins included R&B , rock , inspirational and dance categories
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- The United Nations nuclear monitors plan to return to Iran at the end of the month after a positive assessment from both sides of the latest visit . An International Atomic Energy Agency  IAEA  team spent three days in Tehran this week . Another meeting is planned for February 21-22 . "  The agency is committed to intensifying dialogue , " said Director General Yukiya Amano . "  It remains essential to make progress on substantive issues . " The Iranian foreign minister called the talks "  a positive forward step . " Ali Akbar Salehi told the semiofficial Fars News Agency that the IAEA "  had some questions and we had very good meetings . " The team did not ask to inspect nuclear facilities , Salehi said . "  If they wanted an inspection , we were prepared to comply with their request , " Salehi said . The six-member delegation -- including chief inspector Herman Nackaerts and second-in-command Rafael Grossi -- arrived in Tehran shortly after the European Union imposed new sanctions on Iran aimed at cutting off funding to the Islamic republic 's nuclear program . Australia and the United States have also ramped up sanctions on Iran recently . Western powers believe Tehran is trying to develop nuclear weapons , an assertion Iran denies . Speaking Friday at the Davos Forum in Switzerland , Amano told reporters the visit was intended "  to clarify the issues with possible military dimensions . "  We are not very sure whether Iran has declared everything and , therefore , we are not very sure that everything stays in peaceful purpose , " he said . "  In addition , we have information that Iran has engaged in activities related to the development of nuclear weapons . Therefore , we need to clarify . " Inspectors are in and out of the country regularly , an agency spokeswoman said Monday , but a high-level visit is more unusual . Iran 's President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has said he is ready to discuss the program with a group of nations -- Great Britain , China , France , Germany , Russia and the United States -- that have held intermittent talks with Tehran . The energy agency reported in November that it can no longer verify that the Iranian nuclear program remains peaceful , and Iran is under increasing international pressure to halt its nuclear fuel work . Salehi told Fars Wednesday that Tehran will soon send a letter to the six world powers to reiterate its readiness for talks . "  We hope that the meeting will be held in a not far future , " he said .	NEW : International Atomic Energy Agency monitors will return in late February Both sides called the meetings a positive step Western powers believe Iran is developing nuclear weapons , a charge Tehran denies The watchdog agency wants to keep pushing on talks , its director says
CNN  "  If our party is not welcoming and inclusive , young people and increasingly other voters will continue to tune us out . " That was the Republican Party 's own take on the 2012 election as it acknowledged in an autopsy report  otherwise known as the Growth & Opportunity Project  that it was failing to appeal to minority voters . Unfortunately , too many Republicans have already forgotten this lesson , a reality made all the clearer by the response to recent revelations that House Majority Whip Steve Scalise spoke to a white supremacist group 12 years ago . Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich was just one of those who seemed more interested in making excuses than holding Republicans to the standard they had supposedly set for themselves . Appearing on CBS ' "  Face the Nation , " Gingrich brushed off the accusations , suggesting it was a "  stupidly " scheduled meeting , while noting that President Barack Obama attended the church of the racially divisive Rev. Jeremiah Wright for 20 years . Gingrich also attempted to pivot to the media 's treatment of Democrats with racist records . "  You have  Sen. Robert  Byrd who was the majority leader and a Klan leader . You have Hugo Black , who was a justice , who was a Klan leader . But they were Democrats and being in the Klan was OK , " Gingrich lectured . Actually , none of that was OK . But this is n't about Democrats -- it 's about the racist undercurrent that has been corrupting the GOP for decades , and the fact that the party 's establishment has too often looked the other way . Unfortunately , it feels like every time a Republican is caught behaving like a racist in the 21st century , prominent members of the GOP try to change the subject to Democrats behaving badly instead of denouncing what is going on . What exactly did Scalise do to deserve the opprobrium that critics have justifiably heaped on him ? Well , in 2002 , as a Louisiana state representative , Scalise spoke to the European-American Unity and Rights Organization , founded by former Ku Klux Klan grand wizard David Duke . Scalise alleges a staffer scheduled the appearance and that he was n't aware of the group 's , uh , "  divisive racial and religious views , " as he wrote in a statement . Yet Scalise 's claims of plausible deniability just do n't add up . For a start , The Washington Post reported that Kenny Knight , his neighbor at the time and a longtime Duke adviser , requested Scalise speak to the group and said Scalise "  knew who I was , but I do n't think he held it against me . " But we do n't even need to look to someone else 's take to get a feel for Scalise 's past . In 1999 , Scalise reportedly told Roll Call he shared Duke 's "  conservative " views but said that "  the novelty of David Duke has worn off . " More recently , in 2004 , Scalise voted against declaring a state holiday honoring civil rights leader the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. . Collectively , these actions do n't look like those of an elected official who rejects "  that kind of hateful bigotry , " as Scalise noted in his statement , but instead suggest a man trying to play politics in a state where only 13 % of his congressional district 's residents are black . Gingrich also told "  Face the Nation " host Bob Schieffer that Mia B. Love , the first black Republican woman elected to Congress , had said Scalise has been "  helpful " to her , as if this somehow negates what Scalise has done . But is n't helping out a fellow member of the GOP a pretty basic requirement of the job for someone in a leadership position ? I admire Love , but the truth is that as a black woman myself , I have no idea how she could say on ABC 's "  This Week " that she believes Scalise "  should remain in leadership , " particularly since Love does n't appear to have had experience working directly with him . Perhaps Love was trying to show the GOP she 's a team player , but she did n't do herself or the party any favors by standing by a colleague who spoke to a group whose membership would no doubt be happy if segregation had never ended . House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy said Scalise made a "  mistake . " Speaker John Boehner , for his part , called it an "  error of judgment " and added that Scalise has his "  full confidence . " Nonsense . As a black Republican , I 'm tired of my party continuing to provide safe harbor to people like Scalise . Gingrich complained the media 's coverage of Scalise 's speech was "  a one-sided view of reality . " Actually , that sounds more like a description of the GOP today . The face of the party looks as intolerant as ever as 2015 begins . Unless it starts showing "  representatives " like Scalise the door , it will find itself writing another autopsy report in 2016 .	Crystal Wright : Steve Scalise scandal a reminder of GOP 's race problems Republican efforts to change subject misguided , she says
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A leader of the so-called "  Bling Ring " that burglarized celebrity homes in Los Angeles was sentenced Tuesday to four years in prison , a prosecutor said . Rachel Lee , 21 , was sentenced for burglarizing two years ago the home of reality star Audrina Patridge of "  The Hills , " Los Angeles County Deputy District Attorney Chris Baker said . Lee allegedly took more than $ 25,000 in jewelry , designer luggage , clothes , shoes , boots and watches from Patridge 's home on Feb. 23 , 2009 . She pleaded no contest last month to one count of first-degree residential burglary . In his sentencing Tuesday , Judge Larry Paul Fidler dismissed one felony count of conspiracy to commit burglary and two counts of receiving stolen property against Lee , prosecutors said . Lee 's restitution will be determined at a later date , authorities said . The remaining four defendants -- Nicholas Prugo , 20 ; Diana Tamayo , 21 ; Courtney Leigh Ames , 20 ; and Roy Lopez Jr. , 29 -- will be back in court on November 18 for motions and pretrial hearings , prosecutors said . The ring is accused of allegedly taking more than $ 3 million in jewelry , designer clothes and accessories from the homes of Orlando Bloom , Paris Hilton , Brian Austin-Green and Megan Fox , Lindsay Lohan and Patridge between September 2008 and August 2009 , prosecutors said . The four remaining defendants have pleaded not guilty , prosecutors said . Lohan 's home was burglarized on August 2009 , and an estimated $ 128,000 in jewelry , designer clothes and accessories was taken , authorities said . Authorities said they believe an obsession with celebrity culture -- and breaking inside their homes and wearing their clothing -- could be the motivation for the alleged crimes . The group targeted celebrities such as actress Rachel Bilson , police said , because it was known she had a large collection of Chanel . They allegedly studied celebrity magazines to pick out the clothing and jewelry that they wanted , and would then use the Internet to study satellite maps of the victim 's home before deciding on the best method for entry , police said . At first , police treated them as separate incidents , but after reviewing surveillance video from Patridge and Lohan 's homes , they began to notice several similarities and realized that the incidents were related . "  There 's nothing to suggest that these kids were criminal masterminds -- this was n't an ` Ocean 's 11 ' caper , " Los Angeles Police Department Officer Brett Goodkin told CNN in 2009 . "  It 's really a series of quite run-of-the-mill residential burglaries , except they targeted the victims for who they are . " The ring of suspected young adult burglars has also been dubbed the Hollywood Hills Burglar Bunch . CNN 's Rosalina Nieves contributed to this report .	Ringleader Rachel Lee , 21 , is sentenced for burglarizing the home of a reality TV star A judge dismisses three other charges against her Four other defendants have been charged in a ring that allegedly took $ 3 million in goods Celebrity victims include Lindsay Lohan , Paris Hilton , Orlando Bloom , Megan Fox
CNN  -- Of all the bizarre art niches out there , "  goldfish aquarium art " must rank fairly high . Yet the artist Hidetomo Kimura has built an entire career as an "  art aquarist , " and his weird and wonderful live installations are now on display again at an exhibition , "  Edo -- the coolness of goldfish "  link in Japanese  , at the Nihonbashi Mitsui Hall , in Tokyo . First held in 2011 to mark the centenary of the Nihonbashi Bridge , where the hall is located , the unusual exhibit proved so popular it has been held each year since . Insider Guide : What to do in Tokyo This year , Kimura 's exhibition uses 5,000 goldfish displayed in 17 installations made of 70 aquariums . The tanks are embellished with light displays and futuristic designs but also retain traditional symbols of Japanese culture such as kimonos , folding screens and lanterns . The exhibition turns into a music lounge in the evenings  called Night Aquarium  and on the weekends . Art Aquarium  link in Japanese  , Nihonbashi Mitsui Hall , Nihonbashi Nihonbashi , Chuoku , Tokyo ; +81 3 3270 2550 July 13-September 23 , 2013 , 11 a.m.-11 :30 p.m. ; admission Â ¥ 1,000  $ 10	Art aquarist Hidetomo Kimura 's installations now on display in Tokyo Exhibition uses 5,000 goldfish in 70 aquariums Futuristic show retains traditional Japanese symbols
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The troubled Los Angeles Dodgers , one of baseball 's most storied franchises , began receiving bids from potential buyers this week in a sale that 's expected to set a Major League record at more than $ 1 billion . The field of potential buyers includes famous retired athletes , a talk show host and a former owner , CNN has confirmed . "  The preliminary bids submitted Monday reflect significant interest in the Los Angeles Dodgers franchise and its enormous value , " a team spokesperson said Thursday in an e-mail to CNN . Among the bidding groups are retired Los Angeles Lakers star Magic Johnson and former Atlanta Braves and Washington Nationals executive Stan Kasten ; former CNN talk show host Larry King and agent Dennis Gilbert ; former Dodger stars Steve Garvey and Orel Hershiser ; former Dodger and New York Yankees manager Joe Torre ; Los Angeles shopping center developer Rick Caruso ; and former Dodger owner Peter O'Malley . "  It 's impossible to explain : it 's a valued franchise , " King said . "  They and the Yankees are the most famous franchises in sports in America . " Said Garvey said in an interview with CNN : "  We want to make it cost-effective . We want to bring it back to life . We want to make sure the culture within , inside the stadium , is reverent . You cheer for your team , and you accept the others . " Garvey 's last comment was referring to fan complaints about safety and security at the ballpark -- especially in the aftermath of the brutal beating on opening day last year of a visiting San Francisco Giants fan , who was in a coma and is now recovering from brain injuries . The family of fan Bryan Stow , a paramedic from Santa Cruz , California , is now suing the team . Baseball Commissioner Bud Selig , known for being understated , looked pleased when CNN asked him about the financial heft of the bidders : "  They are doing OK , " he said . "  You look at the quality of the people in each group , and they 're very , very good -- excellent , " Selig said . Finances have been a problem for the team . Six-time World Series champions , the Dodgers filed for bankruptcy last June . Earlier , in April , the league took charge of the financially troubled team . Adding to the team 's woes are the acrimonious divorce proceedings between Frank McCourt -- the current owner -- and Jamie McCourt . Attorneys ' fees for both sides in the divorce could reach $ 35 million -- more than what the Dodgers pay any player -- and Jamie McCourt 's attorneys said that figure is unheard of in California divorces , even with its share of expensive celebrity divorces . Despite the financial and public relations problems , analysts say the team is expected to fetch more than $ 1 billion , breaking the record set in 2009 by the Chicago Cubs , which sold for $ 845 million . "  So much money is coming into this , really , whoever gets it , the Dodgers will be really happy , " Lee Jenkins of Sports Illustrated told CNN . "  In terms of fans , I think it will be a quick fix . Whoever replaces Frank McCourt will be so good by comparison . " Hall of Fame manager Tommy Lasorda , who 's a special adviser to the Dodgers , said he hopes the new owner will bring another championship to the team . The last time the Dodgers won the World Series was in 1988 , when Lasorda was the manager . Lasorda is n't a bidder . "  We 're just waiting like anyone else . Who is going to be the winner ? " Lasorda told CNN . "  Go out and get ballplayers . Do everything they can to give our fans -- who are the greatest fans in all of baseball -- give them a chance to see a championship team again . " Dodger centerfielder Matt Kemp also wants to see a successful post-season . "  It does n't really matter to me who takes over this team , as long as they have the same thing in mind , and that is winning , " Kemp told CNN . When contacted by CNN , a McCourt spokesman said the owner did n't have an immediate comment Thursday . With Selig 's approval , McCourt is expected to settle on a buyer by April 30 . CNN 's Tim Clark contributed to this report .	NEW : Early bids reflect Dodgers ' "  enormous value , " a team spokesperson says Bidders include Magic Johnson , Larry King , Steve Garvey and Joe Torre The Dodgers filed for bankruptcy last year Owner Frank McCourt is in the middle of an expensive divorce
JAKARTA , Indonesia  CNN  -- Search crews have rescued nine more passengers who survived a ferry capsizing off the coast of Indonesia , though more than 230 people are still missing . A woman grieves after learning her son is one of the victims in the Indonesian ferry accident . The nine survivors were rescued by a navy ship Monday afternoon , bringing the total number of survivors from Sunday 's accident to 30 , said Col. Jaka Santosa , chief of search and rescue operations for the Indonesian navy . One body was also recovered Monday . The search and rescue operations continued Tuesday , with five navy ships joining the effort . The ferry was carrying 267 people . Rescue efforts have been hampered by severe weather , including heavy rains and strong winds , according to local officials . The Teratai Prima ferry left Pare Pare on Sulawesi island in central Indonesia on Saturday evening for Samarinda , East Kalimantan . The ferry overturned about 4 a.m. Sunday off the coast of Majena in west Sulawesi after being pummeled with waves as high as 19 feet , survivors said . Indonesians rely heavily on ferries , since they are the easiest way to navigate throughout the country 's 17,000 islands . CNN 's Kathy Quiano contributed to this report .	NEW : Total number of survivors raised to 30 ; over 230 people are still missing Severe weather hampered rescue efforts late Sunday , local officials say Vessel overturned off Majena , West Sulawesi , after pummeled by waves Teratai Prima ferry left Pare Pare in South Sulawesi on Saturday evening
Prominent Chinese-Australian artist Guo Jian has been detained by Chinese authorities ahead of the 25th anniversary of the Tiananmen crackdown , according to friends . His arrest came soon after the artist was profiled in a Financial Times article , which featured his latest installation -- a diorama of Tiananmen Square covered in ground meat . In the article , Guo was highly critical of the People 's Liberation Army 's  PLA  actions during the 1989 incident , in which he served in the late 1970s . Guo was taken from his home in eastern Beijing on Sunday night , and contacted friends by text message to let them know that he had been arrested . Friends contacted by text message Artist Melanie Wang told the Sydney Morning Herald she called Guo after receiving a text message and he told her he 'd been taken to a detention center . He said officers said he 'd be released in 15 days . Guo was an active participant in the 1989 demonstrations , which lasted weeks and culminated in PLA troops opening fire on a largely student crowd which had occupied the central Beijing landmark . Guo , it was revealed in the FT 's "  Lunch with the FT " article , published on May 30 , also took part in a hunger strike at the time of the student protests . Another of Guo 's friends told CNN he phoned the artist Sunday night to talk about the FT article . After receiving no answer , the artist sent a message back , saying that he was "  with police " and then a following SMS saying , "  do n't call me . " Following this , the friend received another message , this time in Chinese , saying he had gone to Tongzhou police station , near the Songzhuang art colony where he lives and works . Protesters march ahead of anniversary Artwork "  provocative " "  I would characterize his  new artwork  as somewhat provocative so I assume that , plus the month we are in , and imminent anniversaries , might have had something to do with it , " the friend said . The person added that Guo was well aware of the risks that creating art of this nature might engender . "  The purpose of the installation was a commemoration of the Tiananmen massacre . He 's not naïve about this stuff , he 's fully aware of how things can go down . " Prior to finishing the project , Guo asked the friend not to tell anyone about it , for fear that the authorities would stop him from working on it . Australian support The Australian government released a statement Monday , offering its assistance to the artist , who holds an Australian passport . "  The Australian Embassy in Beijing has contacted Chinese authorities to seek further information on the reported detention of Mr Guo Jian and to underline our strong interest in the matter , " a spokesperson for the Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade said . "  The Australian Government stands ready to extend all possible consular assistance to Mr Guo . " Amnesty International released a statement Monday condemning Guo 's arrest , and noted that detentions have been on the rise in the build up to the 25th anniversary , compared to previous years . Authorities across the country have arrested a number of prominent dissidents and critics of the government ahead of the anniversary of the massacre , which falls on June 4 . "  Guo Jian is the latest victim of the Chinese authorities ' merciless campaign of repression ahead of the Tiananmen anniversary , " said William Nee , China Researcher at Amnesty International . "  He along with the scores of others detained for peacefully speaking out about the bloodshed of 1989 must be immediately released . " "  Highest " levels of freedom When asked about criticism of China 's human rights record , Ministry of Foreign Affairs Spokesperson Hua Chunying previously told CNN that human rights should n't been viewed in the "  criteria of the United States . " "  Our society is moving forward , the living standards of people have improved and level of freedoms are at their highest , " she said . In the FT article , Guo recalled the moment , 25 years ago , when troops opened fire on the Tiananmen demonstrators . "  I did n't believe it , even though I had been a soldier , " Guo is reported as saying . "  In the army I had never seen that sort of violence . Then I saw the tracers and people falling around me -- they were just gone . I suddenly realised , shit , this was war . " No official count has ever been released , but estimates of the dead in the incident range from hundreds to thousands , most of whom were killed by PLA soldiers .	Artist Guo Jian detained by Chinese authorities Detention comes after publication of article in which artist criticized Chinese army Guo was a protester at the 1989 Tiananmen crackdown Latest artwork a commemoration of events in which hundreds of protesters were killed
Washington  CNN  -- The Pentagon 's plans to do away with 1970s-era A-10 "  Warthog " attack planes will have a ripple effect in places like Knob Noster , Missouri -- a small town in the shadow of Whiteman Air Force Base . It could mean fewer reservists flocking to places like the Panther Steakhouse and the EconoLodge after a weekend spent working with planes designed to fight wars against Soviet tanks . In Knob Noster , population 2,709 , it makes a big difference when those people spend that cash . "  There are people who maintain the planes and people who come in and do their Reserve duty , " said Doug Kermick , the city administrator . "  When it comes to these guys being here , all the hotels in the surrounding areas are full . They eat here . They sleep here . From an economic standpoint , there will be some loss . " So lawmakers like Missouri Sen. Roy Blunt and his Democratic colleague , Sen. Claire McCaskill , will do what they often to when faced with steep budgetary cuts that will cause pain back home : fight . Both senators and 10 other lawmakers wrote Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel expressing their "  deep concern with the Department of the Army 's proposal to cut Army National Guard combat aviation assets and force structure . " Most of the senators -- many of whom sit on powerful funding or defense-related committees and subcommittees -- represent states with military bases with aviation components . In addition to Blunt and McCaskill , the lawmakers include Senate Minority Whip John Cornyn , R-Texas ; Sen. Lamar Alexander , R-Tennessee ; and Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina , who all sit on the appropriations committee . Hagel cuts would reshape military after longest war Sen. Patrick Leahy , D-Vermont , a co-chairman of the Senate National Guard Caucus who sits on the appropriations defense subcommittee , also signed the letter . "  While we are aware that the Army 's budget request for fiscal year 2015 is pre-decisional , every indication including public statements and briefings from Army leadership on Capitol Hill suggests the decision was made without meaningful consultation with the Army National Guard , " the senators wrote . "  The shortsighted approach creates unnecessary risk to our national security at the expense of incredibly capable attack aviation assets in the Army National Guard . " The Pentagon 's leaner budget proposals , unveiled Monday , include a scale-back that will whittle the nation 's Army to its lowest level since before World War II and do away with the Warthogs as well as U-2 spy planes , among other cuts . Fight brewing Those kinds of cuts are guaranteed to spark a fight pitting lawmakers against Department of Defense officials and state against state in a scramble to keep such things as aircraft carriers and their crews ' economic impact on a community , said Mieke Eoyang , national security program director at the Third Way , a centrist policy organization . "  What you 'll see is a fight at the lowest levels of public awareness where they 'll try to restore some of those cuts , " Eoyang said , adding that there 's little political incentive for members of Congress to offer full-throated support of Hagel 's proposal to trim the Army to a level of 440,000 to 450,000 troops -- the lowest level in more than 70 years . Last year , when it looked as if the A-10s were on the chopping block , Blunt , who sits on the Senate appropriations defense subcommittee , offered an amendment to the Pentagon spending measure to save the planes . Defense policy experts say that these types of military cuts usually affect surrounding communities . As troops and the civilian workers who maintain military equipment are either reassigned or move on , the towns that depend on them struggle . The Pentagon says the cuts are simply a reflection of the harsh realities of this era of federal budget cutbacks and a shift away from fighting expensive , extended land wars abroad . "  These recommendations will adapt and reshape our defense enterprise so that we can continue protecting this nation 's security in an era of unprecedented uncertainty and change , " Hagel said at his briefing . Many defense policy experts also say the cuts are practical . "  Cutting to 450,000 is significant but within reason . It is a cut of less than 10 % from typical 1990s levels , or from what was recently already planned , " said Michael O'Hanlon , a defense and foreign policy expert at the Brookings Institution . "  And with Saddam  Hussein  gone in Iraq , the portfolio of threats and likely missions has shifted at least modestly away from large-scale ground combat , in my eyes . " United against the cuts But if mounting pushback from such lawmakers as Graham and Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , among others , and a number of military advocacy groups is any indication , the Pentagon will have a hard time preserving the proposed cuts . Gov. Haley : Cuts to National Guard a ` slap in the face ' South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley said a White House meeting of a bipartisan group of governors Monday largely had a respectful tone until the discussion turned toward military cuts at the end . "  It automatically went into an aggressive nature by  President Obama  , implying that ` many of you have asked for cuts , this is what you said you wanted ... now you 're going to get it , you 're going to have to live with it . ' Completely different change in tone , " said Haley , who 's up for re-election this year and who made her remarks at a news conference by the Republican Governors Association after the gathering at the White House . "  It chilled the room quite a bit , " she added . Groups like the National Guard Association , an advocacy group , are also urging their members to pressure their congressional lawmakers to reject many proposed cuts , such as trimming Army National Guard numbers and shifting Apache helicopters from the Guard to the active-duty Army . "  The National Guard is a commonsense solution to the challenges facing the U.S. military , " said John Goheen , director of communications for the National Guard Association . "  Congress and the nation 's governors see it . Unfortunately , the Pentagon does not or will not . We are disappointed , but we are hardly defeated . " Chairman of the Homeland Security Committee Rep. Michael McCaul , whose Texas district neighbors the congressional district housing Fort Hood , says he too is deeply concerned about the impact of the proposed cuts . "  This president is sacrificing our most important responsibility , our national defense , on the altar of entitlements , " he told CNN in a prepared statement . "  Instead of taking on mandatory spending and reforming our entitlement programs , he 's proposing dangerous cuts that could greatly affect our military readiness and national security . The proposed troop levels and cuts are yet another retreat by this president when it comes to the ability of our armed forces to effectively do their jobs and to the safety and security of our borders . " Kermick , the Knob Noster city administrator , said he 'll leave the debates about what members of Congress should cut regarding the A-10s to those elected officials . But he knows one thing for sure : When it comes to getting rid of the A-10s , he says , "  I do n't think it 's a good idea , personally . But that 's just my opinion . " Food stamp use among military rises again CNN 's Tom Cohen and Ashley Killough contributed to this report .	Military communities , defense businesses will feel impact of proposed Pentagon cuts Lawmakers will fight to keep cuts from hitting their home states and districts Defense policy experts say the cuts , while practical , face an uphill battle in Congress The fight to preserve certain programs and weapons will get personal
CNN  -- Police arrested a man wearing "  Joker " makeup at a Florida movie theater Wednesday after someone reported the man acting suspiciously , the Melbourne Police Department said . When police arrived at the Premiere Theatre , they found 21-year-old Christopher Sides with his face painted like the Joker from the Batman movies and his hair dyed pink . They discovered a warrant for his arrest for failure to appear on a previous misdemeanor charge and took him into custody , police said . The incident caused extra concern because of the July shooting at a Colorado movie theater in which suspect James Holmes , with his hair dyed various shades of orange , identified himself to police as the Joker . The shooting happened at the premiere of the latest Batman movie and left 12 people dead . Melbourne police said a caller first reported the man at 10:34 a.m. Wednesday , saying he was pacing back and forth in front of and then inside the theater . Police said they found Sides as he was exiting the theater . They said he made no threats while he was there and cooperated while being arrested .	Man 's face painted like the Joker from the Batman movies A caller reports him acting suspiciously at a movie theater Police discover a warrant for his arrest and take him into custody
Atlanta  CNN  -- A pile of red , white and blue blankets on the cold , linoleum floor . This is how Kecia Cruz 's 20-year old son had been sleeping since returning to live with his mother nearly two weeks ago . A family with a past -- Cruz has served time in prison and her son is a recovering methadone addict . Cruz sees her child 's return as a second chance . She did n't want him sleeping on the floor , but she did n't know where to turn . Sitting on Cruz 's back porch recently , her neighbor had an answer : Beremedy . Beremedy is an organization that utilizes social media such as Twitter , Facebook and blogs to streamline the donation of food , clothing and furniture to people in need . The name is a short way to say "  you be the remedy for someone in need . " The neighbor , who previously received clothing for her six children , reached out to Beremedy on behalf of her friend . "  We were just sitting out back and I was explaining about my son coming home , and I do n't remember how the conversation come about no bed but she said , ' I know somebody that might be able to help you , ' " Cruz recalls . Beremedy tweets the need Blake Canterbury is a charming 26-year-old with a background in new media marketing . He founded Beremedy in 2009 , after flooding washed over parts of Atlanta , in order to get items such as baby formula and diapers to people in need . "  Everyone I 've ever met in my entire life wanted to help other people ; they just did n't know where to start , " Canterbury says . "  We thought , ` What would this city look like with 10,000 people getting a text message at the same time of needs in their community ? Surely people would want to help with that . " The process is simple : Canterbury receives needs from nonprofits , school social workers and individuals looking for help directly on Beremedy.org . Canterbury and a team of four volunteers use Google Wave to communicate about what needs they will accept or deny . Once a need is determined , a member of the team is assigned as case manager and writes a blurb about the story . Canterbury blasts out the write-up on Twitter and Facebook with a link back to the full story on Beremedy 's site . "  We 're putting a story behind it . We say maybe this is a single mom who needs a bed , maybe it 's a middle school kid who needs a pair of shoes , but you know the story . You may not know the exact individual , but you know the story and you feel like you 're connected and you know exactly where it 's going , " Canterbury says . The person 's last name is omitted to protect confidentiality ; the donor and the recipient will never meet . Social Media Week Founder Toby Daniels , speaking at South by Southwest in Austin , Texas last week , says while doubters often dismiss the scope of social media , smart organizations are using this software in transformational ways . "  For me , it 's putting it on a spectrum , " Daniels says . "  On one end of the spectrum you have dogs on skateboards , people talking about their lunch and the other end of the spectrum you have the uprising in Egypt , right ? So two ends of a spectrum but created by the same single medium which is real-time communication , this network that Twitter provides . " Hairstylist Ragan Holt responded with a mattress and box set for Cruz within 15 minutes of Canterbury 's post . "  It 's the things that we might think we do n't need and the things that we might consider trash is someone 's treasure , and I love that they can put your things in the hands of those people , " Holt said . So when Canterbury and fellow Beremedy volunteer Brian Sudduth , arrived with Cruz 's new mattress on Saturday , March 12 , mom had tears in her eyes . "  I do n't know anything about a computer , I do n't know how to text or anything like that , so , you know , I 'm amazed at technology and just you know ... somebody helped me that did n't even know me . I had a need and it was met , and it 's people who care . " Watch CNN Newsroom weekdays 9am to 3pm ET and weekends . For the latest from the CNN Newsroom click here .	Son returns home for "  second chance , " but mother has no place for him to sleep Beremedy uses social media to streamline donating to those in need Volunteers blast needs on Twitter , Facebook and write the stories behind the need Need for bed was fulfilled within 15 minutes
SEMEY , Kazakhstan  CNN  -- Kazakhstan 's nuclear orphans are a distressing sight . This young child slept at an orphanage , his deformities the result of nuclear testing in the region . The first child I met in the local orphanage was lying limply in his crib . His giant , pale head was perched on his tiny shoulders , covered in bed sores , like a grotesquely painted paper-mâché mask . Peering out , a pair of tiny black eyes darted around . It took me a few seconds to understand what I was seeing . The doctor told me he was 4 years old . Through the bars in the next crib , I saw another child , twisted with deformities . His fragile legs and arms turned in impossible contortions . These are the children of Kazakhstan 's terrifying nuclear past . Decades of Soviet nuclear testing unleashed a plague of birth defects . When the Soviet Union tested its nuclear devices , it chose eastern Kazakhstan , one of its remotest , most desolate areas . But no one bothered to evacuate the people living there . Watch the effects of nuclear bombs on villagers " The testing began in 1949 at a site known as Polygon and continued until 1989 . According to the Nuclear Threat Initiative , there were 456 tests , including 116 nuclear bombs tested above ground . The Polygon site officially closed on August 29 , 1991 -- 16 years ago this week . Local officials say there were hundreds of thousands of people , possibly as many as a million , who lived in the region during the nuclear testing . The end of the Cold War might have ended this dark chapter , but thousands are still paying a terrible price . Learn more about nuclear testing " From the old Soviet city of Semipalatinsk , now renamed Semey , it was a long grueling drive across the barren , flat Kazakh plain . Nature can be hostile here , with temperatures hitting over 100 degrees Fahrenheit in summer , then plunging to 40 below in winter . The people living in the villages scattered throughout this former nuclear testing zone have been through the unspeakable . Seriqkaisha is 62 years old . She remembers watching the mushroom clouds as a child . "  We were very frightened , " she told me , "  because the windows in our house would blow out and the walls would shake . My parents both died of cancer , and my own son is handicapped . " Almost every family in Seriqkaisha 's village , 20 miles from the old test site , is affected -- from cancers to impotency to birth defects and other deformities . See where the nuclear site is located " Meeting people was proving hard . The genetic defections and illnesses that afflict so many here are frequently a source of shame . The doctor told me that people hide their deformed family members from outsiders . For decades , they have felt like animals in a zoo , she said , and had grown to distrust prying eyes . The region also has one of the highest suicide rates in the world , according to local health officials . Tragically , many young men who discover they are impotent -- one of the effects of nuclear fallout -- end their own lives . A doctor introduced me to Biken -- one of the few residents who agreed to be interviewed . She was born in 1951 , two years after the nuclear testing began . Her facial disfigurement , she said , has always brought her despair . "  If only there had been no bombs , I could have been equal to every one else . My youngest daughter looks like me too . I worry about her future , more than anything , " Biken said . It was heartbreaking to hear . The problem of defects is so big , there 's even a museum of mutations at the regional medical institute back in Semey , the largest city near the old nuclear testing site . It 's a small room filled with jars containing deformed fetuses and human organs preserved in formaldehyde . It 's hard to look at them -- babies with bulging eyes and malformed brains , or conjoined twins locked in a contorted embrace . The head of the institute , Tolebae Rakhipbekov , showed me around and told me how this house was more than just a grim collection of anomalies . It was the reality for some parents , and a real fear for everyone who lives here . "  You could call these children , and others affected , victims of the Cold War . Kazakhstan has refused nuclear ambitions now because it experienced 40 years of this war . Nowhere else were there so many nuclear tests , " Rakhhipbekov said . And nowhere else , I suppose , are so many Cold War injustices still being felt . E-mail to a friend	Thousands in Kazakhstan remain scarred from decades of nuclear tests The Soviet Union did not evacuate villages when testing began Deformed woman : "  If only there had been no bombs , I could have been equal " The problem of deformities is so big that there 's a museum of mutations
Dublin  CNN  -- The day of the Gen. McChrystal mea culpa last week , an Afghan friend of mine , whom we can call Osman , drove from Kandahar city to his native village . A group of Taliban stopped the car and demanded to search Osman and his companions . This search has become a fact of life since the movement re-established its control over villages in Panjwai , a district in Kandahar province . The head of the armed group was the 20-year-old son of Osman 's tenant farmer . Not far below a superficial politeness , the young Talib fighter deliberately humiliated someone who , according to Kandahari norms , was his senior . New-generation fighters like the tenant tend to be from the poorer families in their tribes , have little education , have no property and have never held a paying job . The Kalashnikov and motorcycle that come with being a Taliban commander and the moral authority of claiming to be waging a jihad have empowered these tribal outsiders . Ironically , a decade ago , Osman was a senior leader in the original Taliban movement and commanded hundreds of such young men . One of the main themes of the counterinsurgency  COIN  strategy is a "  population focus . " A district like the one where Osman lives is today densely populated , unlike during the Soviet occupation . It sits astride a national highway and is a gateway to Kandahar . It is therefore prioritized as "  key terrain . " According to the "  shape-clear-hold-build " COIN mantra , NATO is supposed to expel insurgents from Osman 's district and 59 other priority areas . It is supposed to help install Afghan civil administration and security forces and leave them to maintain security and practically assist the population . To make this possible , Afghan security force numbers are to be raised to 400,000 and Afghan government legitimacy , responsiveness and accountability are to be boosted . Unfortunately , none of this is going to happen by 2011 . Success requires more time and political action than backers have been prepared to contemplate . Osman 's encounter with his tenant Taliban gives a clue to the steady supply of insurgent fighters and commanders . Insurgency has become their social niche . Taliban fighters keep on popping up , making good their losses and adapting to the International Security Assistance Force campaign . More global perspectives , images , videos and the latest news at the Afghanistan Crossroads blog In the face of a resilient insurgency , U.S. and Afghan timelines do not match . The U.S. will review progress against its strategy in late 2010 . But at the end of the year , Afghanistan will look pretty much the same as last year , before the surge . The challenge in dealing with the Afghan government is to encourage the good and forbid the evil . But current strategy contains no silver bullets for delivering a government that the population might consider trustworthy or legitimate . Increased awareness of the problems with a "  kleptocratic " government has not translated into effective measures to clean it up . Moreover , the insurgency is now self-sustaining . Enough protection money leaks from transport , security and construction contracts to finance thousands of the kind of group that stopped Osman . Meanwhile , the U.S. has also found it very difficult to support the government in a way that delivers resources and backup to administrators and officers on the ground . Another challenge , which is more political than military , is that the insurgents are still able to exploit Pakistan as a haven . Groups like the one that stopped Osman alternate between the battlefield and the haven in Pakistani Baluchistan , only eight hours away . What can be done ? The first challenge is to get the Afghan leadership and the international allies onto the same script . For example , the Afghan leadership insists on holding parliamentary elections in September , even though everyone else knows they would be disastrous for the counterinsurgency objective of boosting government legitimacy . An election held in conditions in which half of the polling station locations are too dangerous for candidate agents , and indeed voters , to visit is likely to lead to another round of rigging and disputes , undermining the credibility of the parliament . This is the kind of disconnect that needs to be overcome . Likewise , reconciliation with the amenable parts of the insurgency will have to be elevated from the status of show or strategic afterthought to become a serious part of the strategy . The strategy will also require some bright new ideas for getting Pakistan on board . A more realistic strategy would have the work of securing much of the key terrain eventually fall to the Afghan National Security Forces . Before the phased hand-over , NATO will secure main cities but probably only a handful of the current prioritized districts . If the U.S. leadership decides to stay engaged , there will have to be a switch to a longer-term post-surge support strategy with more modest objectives , such as securing the cities and main highways rather than all population centers . Renewed U.S. commitment will generate opportunities to convince some of the insurgent leadership that they have no prospect of toppling the Kabul government and might as well strike a deal . In the best of all possible counterinsurgency worlds , the Taliban leadership would abandon al Qaeda and declare its armed jihad over . However , there is little prospect of anyone signing up to such a deal as long as thousands of fighters expect to ride out a time-limited surge , flitting between Panjwai and Baluchistan . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michael Semple .	Michael Semple says new crop of Afghan Taliban made bold by guns , jihad authority Forces face this constant supply of fighters , he says , as well as kleptocratic government He says COIN goals of forming government and security forces wo n't be reached by 2011 Semple : Making common cause with reasonable parts of insurgency key to success
CNN  -- Alastair Cook made a superb century as England remained on course to leapfrog opponents India as the number one ranked Test team in the world . On another dominant day for England in Birmingham they finished on 456-3 , to lead by 232 after India slumped to 224 all out in their first innings . Cook took full advantage of a lackluster Indian bowling attack by batting all day for an impressive 182 not out with captain Andrew Strauss and Kevin Pietersen also notching half centuries . England are now odds on favorites to go 3-0 up in the four match series and confirm their status as number one . Resuming on 84-0 , Strauss and Cook made a patient start and amassed another 100 runs before Strauss was bowled by Amit Mishra for 87 . Ian Bell made a confident 34 and the ball before he was clean bowled by Praveen Kumar , Cook notched up his 19th century to a standing ovation from the Edgbaston crowd . Pietersen made a brisk start to his innings with Indian fast bowler Ishant Sharma coming in for particular punishment . He and Cook put on 122 for the third wicket before Pietersen was given out LBW off Kumar . But that was India 's final breakthrough of the day as Eoin Morgan and Cook put on another 82 before the close of play . India now face a huge task to save the match and prevent being usurped at the top of the world rankings . "  It 's always nice to score runs and especially pleasing when you have n't scored in the last two tests , " Cook told a press conference . "  It 's been frustrating not getting through that new ball and it was important that when I did I made it count . "  I did a bit of work last week to get myself into better positions as I might have been falling over slightly but the conditions in the last couple of tests have been very tough . "	England in complete control against India in the third Test match England close day two on 456-3 , a first innings lead of 232 runs Alastair Cook remains unbeaten on 182 after batting all day England on course to win Test and become number one Test side in world
Matador Network  -- The chance to give something back , an opportunity to share your skills and knowledge , to meet other travelers or simply to meet the locals ... There are many reasons to volunteer while you 're traveling and there are literally thousands of charities and organizations that look for help from passing travelers . Matador Network : How to travel for free Many ask for donations or fees to cover costs and others operate as for-profit businesses , but the list below includes only those that cost little or nothing to get involved with and help out : 1 . WWOOF  World Wide Opportunities on Organic Farms Board and lodging is offered in exchange for a day 's work on the farm . Stays available from one week to many years , and with thousands of hosts available in 53 countries there 's an opportunity suitable for everyone . For more information , check out A First-Timer 's Guide to WWOOF-ing . Matador Network : Four questions to ask before WWOOF-ing 2 . Turtle Teams , Worldwide A generic name for the thousands of small groups that help threatened sea turtles . Most groups are based at one or two nesting beaches â $ " which are typically at risk from over-exploitation â $ " and appreciate help for even just one night . Search for groups at the local tourist office close to any tropical beach and help a species come off the endangered list . More information can be found at these larger organizations : www.seaturtles.org and www.cccturtle.org . 3 . Conservation Volunteers , Australia and New Zealand Through various short-term projects in Australia , New Zealand , and a few international locations , you 'll work in teams to protect habitats and promote ecotourism . A small fee  usually around AUS$ 100 for a week  is usually required to participate , but covers all food and lodging . UK-based BTCV  British Trust for Conservation Volunteers  has similar opportunities . 4 . Sudan Volunteer Programme , Sudan Teach English in one of the world 's most impoverished countries . Placements are at schools or universities , but many volunteers help with community projects in additional to their teaching . Volunteers must pay for their airfare but all other costs are covered , and a small monthly stipend is provided . 5 . Appalachian Trail Conference , USA At over 2,000 miles long , the Appalachian Trail is the classic long trail in the Eastern US and home to almost 2,000 endangered or threatened species . Volunteers help with trail building and maintenance in return for food and  usually very basic  accommodation . 6 . Trip Leader for HF Holidays , Europe One of Europe 's most popular walking holiday operators is searching for volunteers to guide their treks . Leaders are provided with accommodation , meals , and the chance to explore Europe in return for sharing their passion and knowledge with the groups they accompany . 7 . Help Exchange , Worldwide A website that lists worldwide hosts who are looking for an extra pair of hands , whether it be in their farm or garden , working in schools or on religious projects , building houses or community centers , or simply helping a family take the kids to school . A small membership fee is required to access host details , but board and lodging is provided in exchange for your work . 8 . Peace Corps , Worldwide A unique chance to live and work in another country . Participate in a variety of projects , from healthcare and the environment to business development . A commitment of 27 months to the placement is required , but for those who are willing , this is a life-changing position . Open only to U.S. residents , but similar projects are available for other nationals with VSO . Matador Network : What you need to know before joining the Peace Corps 9 . United Nations Volunteers , Worldwide From healthcare and economic development to assisting after natural disasters , the UN offers positions for those who are dedicated to making a difference abroad . While many positions are open only to experienced professionals , the UN has links to hundreds of international NGOs and QANGOs that are looking for help in similar fields on a less formal basis . 10 . Kibbutz Volunteer , Israel An area that is rarely out of the news , Israel is a land of tight communities but complicated politics . Being a volunteer here gives you the opportunity to experience this region firsthand while living as part of a socialist community where everything is provided . The region also serves as a good base from which to explore the Middle East and North Africa . This is just a small sample of what 's on offer ; be sure to thoroughly research any options before undertaking a project . And remember , while it 's always nice to get something for free , just because a project is requesting money does n't mean the fees are n't going to a good cause . © 2011 Matador Network , Matador Ventures , LLC .	Many volunteer organizations offer food and boarding in exchange for hours of work Organizations may require a small fee to volunteer , but the money covers some travel expenses The Peace Corps is a volunteer option for those wanting to offer more than vacation time
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- A couple of years ago , Hollywood legend Kirk Douglas declared that it was time to undertake "  an audit of my life . " Now , at the age of 92 , he 's going public with the results . Kirk Douglas , now 92 , recently starred in a one-man show about his life and work . Douglas takes an unsparing look at his personal life and career in his one-man show , "  Before I Forget , " which just completed its run at a theater that bears his name in Culver City , California . Over the course of the 1 1/2 - hour show , he delved into his brushes with death  a helicopter-plane collision that claimed two lives , his suicidal thoughts after a stroke in 1994  ; the death of his youngest son , Eric  from an accidental drug overdose in 2004  ; his troubled relationship with a father who could never express his love for him ; and his key role in smashing the Hollywood blacklist of the 1950s . Douglas plans to turn the show into a TV special and DVD , with the proceeds benefiting the Motion Picture and Television Home , where he endowed a wing named for his father , Harry . He invited CNN to his home in Beverly Hills to discuss his show and what he 's learned about himself over the course of a life that began in 1916 in Amsterdam , New York , as Issur Danielovitch . Watch Douglas reflect on his life " Below is an edited version of his remarks . Kirk Douglas : All my life , I have taken inventory at intervals . For example , when I became a movie actor and suddenly I had to deal with fame , money and playing so many roles , I lost myself . I said , "  Who am I ? " And I wrote my first book to deal with that , "  The Ragman 's Son . " Then the next thing that happened : I was in a helicopter crash . We crashed into a small plane with two young people who were killed instantly . I fell to the ground , and I said , "  Why ? " I tried to find God , so I wrote a book , "  Climbing the Mountain . " Then the worst accident in my life happened with a tingling across my cheek , and then it developed into a stroke , and I could n't talk , and an actor who ca n't talk is a big problem . But then I wrote the book "  My Stroke of Luck " that helped me and helped a lot of other people . That was gratifying . After that , here I was , 92 years old , impediment in my speech , and was reflecting on my life , and people thought I would write another book , and I said no , I 'm going to do a one-man show . My friends laughed ; they thought it was a joke , but I did it . CNN : You are brutally honest in your show . Did you ever hesitate and think , "  this is too personal , and maybe I should n't do this ? " Douglas : Well , listen , I 'm an actor ; I have made my living by acting , and I almost think I owe it to the public to express my feelings and not as a character on a screen but as myself . CNN : What kind of reaction did you get from people ? Douglas : Well , so many people cried , and I thought , you know , it 's easy to make people cry , but it 's more important to make people laugh . ... Especially in this world today , if you do n't laugh , you cry . CNN : I was surprised at how much humor there was in the show . One of the lines that got laughs was when you described talking to an old actor friend of yours . You told him , "  I 'm doing a one-man show , " and he said ... Douglas : "  Is there any part in it for me ? " You know , actors are pathetic . We are desperate , you know , and an actor -- instead of like a writer , you can criticize their writing , an actor , you criticize him . It 's very personal . It makes you very vulnerable . CNN : You speak of a long life and of your brushes with death , and you say it in a humorous way in the show , like , "  does God hate me ? " Douglas : I have so many things that were happening to me : the stroke , the helicopter crash , a broken back , I broke two knees , then I thought maybe God is mad at me . CNN : But in all seriousness , did you take any of this as a message from above ? Douglas : Well , I do n't know . I have studied religion , and I have concluded that there is some power . We do n't understand it . Nobody really saw the Pearly Gates or hell . But I feel affected by nature . If I look at the trees , or the other day we got a bouquet of roses , and there were white roses tinted red , and I thought , "  How does that happen ? " So if you look at nature , you begin to think that there is some power behind everything . I do n't know what it is , and I do n't think anybody knows . You either have to believe that there is , or you do n't . CNN : You 've had a really interesting spiritual journey in your life , and you have explored your Judaism much more as you got older . Douglas : I studied Judaism a lot . I studied religion in general , and I have never imposed my Judaism on my kids . They are what they want to be . I think ... you must care for others . That 's the correct religion , I think . You have to learn eventually to care for other people . My mother said once to me -- and we were very poor -- but my mother said , "  A beggar must give something to another beggar who is worse off than he . " And that has stuck with me . ... If people give whatever they can give to help other people , we will solve all of the problems of the world . ... Being an actor is narcissistic , because you are the vehicle of the -LSB- character -RSB- , but lately as I mature I realize you have to help people . ... I think I 've been very lucky despite all of the accidents that I have had . ... I have a career that I 'm proud of , and I think I owe something to the world that I grew up in . CNN : You played a key role in breaking the Hollywood blacklist by giving screen credit to Dalton Trumbo in 1960 for writing "  Spartacus . " That 's something that you look back on with a great sense of pride . Douglas : That is the thing that I 'm most proud of , and I think it happened to me -LSB- at the right time -RSB- . I was young enough to be impulsive but mature enough to realize what I was doing . ... People would say , "  Hey , Kirk , are you crazy ? You 'll never work in Hollywood again . " You know , I did it , and it 's one thing that I will always be proud of . CNN : In the show , you talk very candidly about your relationship with your father and that yearning you had . Douglas : That moved a lot of people , and I did n't realize how many people identified with that . How many people did n't get the pat on the back that they wanted from their father ? Not only men , I have had women tell me that . Amazing . CNN : In the show , you also talk about the loss of your son Eric and how painful that was for you . Douglas : Of course the death of Eric , my youngest son , was a tragedy . Everyone has a tragedy of some sort in their life , but when you lose a loved one , you never get over it . People try to help you , but they have no clue . It 's always a sad part of your life , and you have to deal with it , after you get through the pain of thinking "  What did I do wrong ? " you know . You just have to accept it as part of life . CNN : I was intrigued by something you wrote in your most recent book , "  Let 's Face It . " You said , "  I like Issur more than I like Kirk Douglas . " Douglas : Issur was my original name , and as I say in my one-man show ... I have to remember that . Like childhood actors , they get you to change your name . Kirk Douglas was not the essence of what I am . Issur is what I am , and I think that that 's very important to remember . I like the fact that now lots of actors keep their ethnic names . ... You have to face reality , and I face reality by going back in my life to what I am . CNN : If you were an actor coming up now , would you have kept your given name ? Douglas : I would try to , yes , of course . ... If I were a ballet dancer , Issur Danielovitch would be a wonderful name .	Kirk Douglas , 92 , recently did one-man show , "  Before I Forget " Douglas is unflinching in looking at his career , his stroke , personal losses Douglas proud of breaking blacklist by getting Dalton Trumbo credit for "  Spartacus " Actor , born Issur Danielovitch , wishes he had been able to keep name
CNN  -- The U.S. Preventive Services Task Force recently announced that it is no longer recommending prostate cancer screening for men . A spokesman for the Prostate Cancer Foundation told CNN the recommendation is "  a tremendous mistake , " but the senior author of the task force 's report says the prostate specific antigen , or PSA , test does more harm than good . The report says that cancers detected by the test are often slow-growing and would never be harmful , but that treatment could render a man impotent or incontinent or kill him . It 's a debate that 's ongoing for several other types of screening as well , but not all are in contention . Here 's what you should know about the four most common types of pre-symptom cancer screenings , including the leading experts ' recommendations and what the test involves : Prostate cancer Prostate cancer is the most common form of cancer among men , with approximately 30,000 dying from the disease each year . The American Cancer Society recommends that men over 50 with no special risk factors talk to their doctors and decide on an individual basis -- after weighing the risks of treatment -- if they want to be screened . The American Urological Association says that making an informed decision about screening is important , but that all men with a life expectancy of 10 years or more should have a baseline PSA test at the age of 40 . Prostate cancer screenings include a blood test for elevated levels of the prostate specific antigen protein and a digital rectal examination . During the digital rectal exam , a doctor will insert a lubricated , gloved finger into the rectum to feel for abnormalities in the prostate . Breast cancer The chance of developing invasive breast cancer for American women is a little less than one in eight , according to the American Cancer Society . The U.S. Preventive Services Task Force released a statement two years ago recommending against yearly mammograms for breast cancer for women in their 40s . The task force said the benefits did n't significantly outweigh the risks . However , the ACS and the Susan G. Komen for the Cure foundation have fought against this recommendation . Mammograms have helped reduce breast cancer mortality rates in the U.S. by nearly one-third since 1990 , according to the American College of Radiology . The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists and the National Cancer Institute recommend that women age 40 and older get screened for breast cancer every one to two years . A mammogram is basically an X-ray of the breast . Plates flatten the breast tissue to take a more accurate photo , often from two angles , which can be uncomfortable but only takes a moment . The photos are then analyzed for calcifications , which appear as white dots , and any mass that looks abnormal such as a cyst or tumor . Colorectal cancer Colorectal cancer is one of the leading causes of cancer-related death , but also one of the most curable if caught early . The tests that the National Cancer Institute recommends for both men and women over the age of 50 to screen for colorectal cancer and polyps include a flexible sigmoidoscopy , a colonoscopy , a double-contrast barium enema and a virtual colonoscopy . However the ACS says only the colonoscopy can see the complete colon and is best for screening . The U.S. Preventive Service Task Force agrees , giving colorectal screenings an "  A " grade . During a colonoscopy , a thin tube is inserted through the rectum and into the colon . The tube has a light and camera-like apparatus for viewing any polyps or unusual pieces of tissue . Complications from colonoscopy are rare , but can include tears in the lining of the colon . Cervical cancer The number of cases of cervical cancer has decreased significantly in the United States over the past 40 years thanks to regular screenings , according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . In 2007 , 4,021 women died from the disease . ACS recommends yearly Pap tests for all women beginning at age 21 , or three years after they begin having intercourse . At age 30 women may choose to reduce screenings to once every two or three years until they are 70 years old . The U.S. Preventive Services Task Force agrees . Do not confuse a Pap test with a pelvic exam , the ACS warns . A Pap test will include a gentle scraping of your cervix with a spatula-looking instrument ; the cells collected will be sent to a lab for analysis . This is usually done at the start of a pelvic exam , after the doctor has inserted a speculum into the vagina .	Prostate cancer screenings include a blood test and a digital rectal examination Mammograms have helped reduce breast cancer mortality rates in the U.S. Colorectal cancer is one of the leading causes of cancer-related death
CNN  -- MotoGP riders have led tributes to Colin Edwards after he announced his decision to retire from the sport at the end of 2014 . Edwards , 40 , is opting to bring the curtain down on a 22-year career that has brought him much success across the spectrum of motorbike racing . The American , currently with NGM Forward Racing , arrived in MotoGP in 2003 and has gone on to rack up 12 podium finishes since then . However , his most memorable triumphs came during his World Superbike days , landing the World Championship twice in 2000 and 2002 . Edwards , who recorded a ninth-place finish in last month 's season-opening Grand Prix of Qatar , revealed the news of his impending plans ahead of this weekend 's Grand Prix of the Americas . "  In testing this year I could see that I need to change my riding style and it is against my instinct to ride differently so that has had an effect , " he told reporters . "  I want to spend more time with my wife and my children and of course I want to say thanks to Yamaha and everyone who has helped me in my career . " Edwards ' achievements since turning professional in 1992 have not gone unnoticed , with a number of his peers lining up to offer glowing tributes . Marc Marquez , who became the youngest ever rider to win the MotoGP World Championship last year at the age of 20 , was full of praise for the American 's longevity . "  Colin started riding at the top when I was just two years old , " he said . "  I hope I can ride for as long as he has and I think he can be really proud of his career . " Six-time MotoGP world champion , Valentino Rossi , was sorry to hear of the news and feels the sport will be losing a great in Edwards . "  I am very sad about the news of Colin 's retirement as he is one of my best friends in the paddock , " he said . "  He is a great guy and a great rider . " Edwards ' compatriot Nicky Hayden , meanwhile , added : "  I always look at Colin and admire the energy he has with so many miles and so many years behind him . "  It 's a shame to be losing a fellow American from the sport . I hope he takes it easy for the rest of the year and takes it easy on the rest of us ! " The Grand Prix of the Americas , the second race of the new MotoGP season , takes place Sunday .	MotoGP riders pay tribute to Colin Edwards after he announces plans to retire Edwards to retire at the end of 2014 after a 22-year career The Grand Prix of the Americas , the second race of the season , takes place Sunday
MINNEAPOLIS , Minnesota  CNN  -- Abayte Ahmed and her husband learned of their son 's death in the most heinous fashion . A family acquaintance called and told them to click on an Internet site . There on the screen were photographs of their 20-year-old son -- the boy with the movie-star looks -- shot through the head thousands of miles away in Somalia . Jamal Bana died in Somalia . Several missing Somali-Americans are believed to have fought there . "  He must have been somewhat disillusioned and indoctrinated , because he did n't have any clue about Somalia at all , " his mother said , fighting back tears and barely able to speak about her eldest son . Jamal Bana had been missing for months from his Minneapolis home . His family is still grappling with the circumstances surrounding his death in a land they had fled -- an African nation wracked by chaos and violence . The FBI said Bana 's death is part of a sweeping federal investigation into a recruiting effort in the United States by a Somali terrorist group called Al-Shabaab , which has ties to al Qaeda . More than a dozen young men of Somali descent have disappeared from the Minneapolis area in recent months . At least three , including Bana , have ended up dead in Somalia , community leaders say . Watch the harrowing saga of Jamal Bana " Bana was the kind of son a modest immigrant family pins its hopes on . He was the eldest of seven and studying engineering at local colleges . But last fall , his family said , he disappeared without any warning . A few days later , the phone rang . All that could be heard was a quick sentence . "  I 'm in Somalia , " his mother quoted him as saying . He then hung up . Communication from then on was scarce . In calls or text messages , the family said , Bana was guarded , as though someone was watching or listening to him . On July 11 , the family received the call telling them to look on the Internet . Bana 's father broke down in tears when he saw the photos . One image was a close-up of his son 's face , a bullet wound on one side of his head . Another showed the body being carried through the streets of Mogadishu on a stretcher . His parents said they believe their son was brainwashed and recruited to fight in the civil war between Somalia 's unstable transitional government and Al-Shabaab . Al-Shabaab remains entrenched in northeast Somalia and in sections south of Somalia 's capital , Mogadishu , after fighting that has uprooted more than 200,000 people since early May , according to the United Nations . The question immigrants in the United States want answered is : How have their youth ended up so far away ? One of the missing youth , Shirwa Ahmed , 27 , blew up himself and 29 others last fall in Somalia in what is believed to be the first suicide bombing carried out by a naturalized U.S. citizen . Ahmed had traveled from Minneapolis . The attack raised red flags throughout the U.S. intelligence community and sparked an investigation by the FBI . Just weeks ago , community activist Abdirizak Bihi lost his 17-year-old nephew , Burhan Hassan , in Somalia . Asked if his nephew had been kidnapped from Minneapolis , Bihi said , "  They kidnap them in the sense of mental kidnapping , not physically . But they play a male role of mentor . " Bihi and community leader Omar Jamal said they hold one place at least loosely responsible : the Abubakar as-Saddique Islamic Center , the largest mosque in Minneapolis . "  All these kids missing , they all have one thing in common : They all participated in youth programs in that mosque , " said Jamal . Jamal and Bihi said leaders of the mosque , at the very least , allowed people to come around their facility and recruit young men to fight in Somalia -- a charge the head imam denies . CNN was not allowed inside the mosque , but was granted an interview with the imam at a different location . "  This is the baseless accusation really , " said Sheikh Abdirahman Sheikh Omar Ahmed . "  The mosque -- the mission of the mosque -- is to worship . And people come to worship and go . We do n't have any control over what comes through everybody 's mind or ideology . " Sheikh Ahmed said at least two of the young men who died in Somalia did worship at his mosque . But he said no recruiters came around the mosque to pull them away , and said his mosque does not support Al-Shabaab . He added that he has encouraged local families to keep their young sons from going to Somalia . Federal authorities recently made their first arrests in the case , charging two Minnesota men , Salah Osman Ahmed and Abdifatah Yusuf Isse , with one count each of providing material support to terrorists and conspiracy to kill , kidnap , maim or injure people overseas , according to the indictment . CNN could not reach Salah Osman Ahmed 's attorney for comment . Published reports indicate he planned to plead not guilty . Isse has pleaded guilty and is cooperating with federal authorities , officials said . In court papers obtained by CNN , Isse 's attorney said , "  Mr. Isse will not be the last defendant indicted . " A local attorney involved in the case said at least seven Somali-Americans have been questioned by a grand jury . An FBI official said the bureau can not rule out the possibility that some of the young men involved could be trained to carry out terrorist attacks on U.S. soil . Meanwhile , CNN has learned more about how Shirwa Ahmed and Burhan Hassan made their way overseas . A travel agent in Minneapolis , who spoke on condition of anonymity , said the two men paid about $ 1,800 in cash for tickets to Nairobi , Kenya , or to Dubai , U.A.E. . The travel agent said he thinks the two men then made their way to Mogadishu from those cities on a Somali carrier . For Bana 's family , it 's all too much to bear . Omar Boley is a close friend who grew up in the same tribe as Bana 's family . He said Bana 's mother is having difficulty coping with everything that has happened in recent months . "  She does n't want to hear the story again , " he said . "  She told me , ` Whenever I see someone talking about my son , I feel bad . I ca n't sleep . I feel sick . So this happened , nothing I can do . We pray for him . ' That 's what she said , and that 's what I believe . "	Jamal Bana had been missing for months ; family learns of his death via Internet Death is part of wider federal inquiry of terror recruiting by Somali group in U.S. Imam of Minneapolis mosque says terror recruiters are not at his mosque Two men charged in U.S. with providing material support to terrorists
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A judge appointed TJ Jackson , the 34-year-old son of Tito Jackson , as temporary guardian of Michael Jackson 's three children in the absence of their grandmother , Katherine Jackson . "  We have reason to believe that Mrs. Jackson has been held against her will , " Katherine Jackson attorney Sandra Ribera told Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Mitchell Beckloff at a hearing Wednesday . Immediately after the hearing however , another attorney for Jackson , Perry Sanders , said he had been told by Randy Jackson that his mother was on her way back to California . Sanders , who later spoke to his client as she was being driven home , said he will file a petition to restore her as custodian as soon as he meets with her . Katherine Jackson was unaware of the controversy swirling around her family for the past week , he said . Jackson family drama an unwanted reality show Beckloff suspended Katherine Jackson as custodian for Prince , Paris and Prince Michael II , known as Blanket , because she may be "  prevented from acting as a guardian because of the acts of third parties . " He also ordered "  that the children not be removed from California without a court order , by any person . " The judge also ordered that Diana Ross , whom Michael Jackson named as backup guardian in his will , and Debbie Rowe , the biological mother of the two oldest children , be given notice of the order . The order will be reconsidered at a hearing next month , and the judge left open the possibility that custody could be returned sooner if Katherine Jackson returns home . Katherine Jackson finally called her home Tuesday night after being out of communication for nine days , her lawyer said . TJ Jackson , whom Katherine Jackson left in charge of the children when she left home on July 15 , said he was disturbed by how she sounded . "  I 've never heard my grandmother talk like that , " he said about that phone call . "  She was n't sharp . Her words were slurred . Her choice of vocabulary , I never heard her use those phrases . " His lawyer said that "  maybe she was trying to speak to him in code . " Ribera said one of the children told her it sounded like she was not alone during that call . Sanders said the call was made after he met with Jermaine and Janet Jackson at a spa near Tucson , Arizona , on Tuesday night to resolve the controversy over Katherine Jackson 's whereabouts . They did not , however , allow him to meet or talk with her , he said . Katherine Jackson , 82 , left the home she shares with Michael Jackson 's children on July 15 . She had not contacted them before Tuesday , though a Los Angeles County sheriff 's investigation concluded she was safe in Arizona . Jackson family feud caught on tape Katherine Jackson has custody of Michael Jackson 's children and a 20 % share in her son 's huge estate . Her husband , Joe Jackson , and her eight surviving children were completely left out of Michael Jackson 's will when the pop star died in 2009 . Authorities got involved when her nephew Trent filed a missing person report with the sheriff 's office over the weekend . Security camera video obtained by CNN captured a tense scene at the Calabasas , California , home she shares with her three grandchildren . Siblings Janet , Jermaine and Randy Jackson attempted to persuade the older children , Prince and Paris , to leave Katherine Jackson 's home with them Monday . Paris and Prince resisted , according to three sources with knowledge of the incident , who asked not to be identified because of the sensitivity of the matter . The video shows Janet Jackson apparently trying to take a cell phone away from Paris and scolding her niece for using her phone to write about family issues on Twitter , according to the three sources . Paris , Michael Jackson 's 14-year-old daughter , posted a Twitter message at about the same time : "  got ta love fam . " Meanwhile , 15-year-old Prince is seen walking away from his Uncle Randy into the home 's security office . Paris soon followed , and Randy and Janet Jackson appeared to be recording the incident with their cell phones . Minutes later , sheriff 's deputies broke up a scuffle involving Randy and Jermaine Jackson and Trent Jackson , who works for their mother , according to several people who witnessed it . No one was arrested , although a battery report was taken and an investigation is ongoing , Los Angeles County sheriff 's spokesman Steve Whitmore said . The Jackson strife : Family bickering	A lawyer says there 's reason to believe "  Mrs. Jackson has been held against her will " She was reported missing over the weekend amid a family dispute The judge appoints TJ Jackson as temporary guardian "  I 've never heard my grandmother talk like that , " TJ Jackson says about a phone call
CNN  -- Convicted Ohio serial killer Anthony Sowell wo n't be eligible for parole after being classified as a "  sexually violent predator , " court officials in Cleveland said Wednesday . Sowell was found guilty of 11 counts of aggravated murder and more than 70 other charges Friday in a string of deaths of Cleveland-area women from 2007 to 2009 . Officer Ryan Miday , a spokesman for the Cuyahoga County prosecutor 's office , said Sowell 's classification as a sexually violent predator guarantees that he can only receive life in prison without parole or the death penalty when the sentencing phase of his trial begins August 1 . The jury could have recommended parole if members believed Sowell could be rehabilitated , according to Greg Popovich , the Cuyahoga County court administrator . During the sentencing phase , Sowell will be able to make a statement on his own behalf without being under oath or facing cross-examination , Miday said . The defense also can call expert witnesses to discuss Sowell 's background , including his childhood and military service . If jurors decide to recommend death , the judge can intervene and impose a life sentence -- but if the jury recommends life , the judge can not impose a death sentence , according to Popovich . Jurors found Sowell guilty on a total of 84 counts , including abusing corpses and kidnapping . The sole not-guilty verdict came on an aggravated robbery charge . The convictions ended a saga that began for investigators in October 2009 with the discovery of the first two sets of victims ' remains inside Sowell 's home . Eventually , they blamed him for the slayings of at least 11 women , ages 25 to 52 . Sowell had served 15 years in prison for attempted rape before being released in 2005 . People who met him after his release described him as "  a normal guy , " known locally for selling scrap metal . His inconspicuous two-story home sat in a dilapidated neighborhood known as Mount Pleasant , where one in five homes was in foreclosure and at least a third of residents got food stamps , according to a 2010 study by Case Western Reserve University 's Center on Urban Poverty and Community Development . Neighbors and even a city councilman had failed to realize that the stench wafting in the area around Sowell 's residence was from human flesh and not a byproduct of a nearby sausage factory . The disappearances of the women -- many of whom lived nearby -- went largely unnoticed for almost two years , with only four of them even being reported missing . Many of his alleged victims struggled with drug addiction at some point in their lives , with court records showing that many resorted to stealing and prostitution to support their habits . In late 2008 , Gladys Wade told police that a man in a gray hoodie offered her beer , and when she declined , he punched her in the face several times . Wade said that he then tried to rape her , dragging her toward his home , adding that she got out only after "  gouging his face . " Police investigated Wade 's complaint , with one police report noting blood droplets on Sowell 's walls and steps . But officers told CNN affiliate WKYC that the case was dropped after Wade declined to press charges . Six more women disappeared after her complaint . Authorities discovered the bodies after a 36-year-old Cleveland woman told police a story eerily similar to those of Wade and the woman whose 1989 account led to Sowell 's first conviction for attempted rape . She said he 'd invited her into his home for beer , punched her in the face , then began performing oral sex on her -- releasing her only after she promised to return the next day . Most of the women whose remains were found in and around Sowell 's home were strangled by ligature -- which can include a string , cord or wire -- and at least one was strangled by hand , officials said . Seven still had ligatures wrapped around their necks . A skull is all that remains of one victim . It was found wrapped in a paper bag and stuffed in a bucket in the home 's basement . Sowell 's lawyers have declined previous requests by CNN to explain their case , and the suspect has not been interviewed . CNN 's Chris Perry contributed to this report .	Anthony Sowell was declared not eligible for parole Wednesday Sowell was convicted Friday on 84 counts , including murdering 11 women from 2007 to 2009 His sentencing hearing begins August 1
CNN  -- Tuesday 's fourth stage of the Giro d'Italia was turned into a tribute to tragic Belgian Wouter Weylandt , who died in a horror crash during Monday 's third stage . The 26-year-old Weylandt , who suffered a fatal accident on the descent of the Bocco climb , was honored by the peloton who refused to race the entire 216km stage from Genoa to Livorno -- effectively neutralizing the stage . Before the stage , the peloton held a minute 's silence for Weylandt , and along the route the streets were packed with people paying their respects to the rider , who had won the corresponding stage of last year 's Giro . Team Leopard rider Weylandt dies in Giro d'Italia crash Leopard-Trek 's remaining eight-man squad came over the finish line together , accompanied by Garmin rider Tyler Farrar , a training partner and close friend of Weylandt . And Farrar issued a statement saying : "  I am unbearably saddened by the loss of Wouter . As many know , he was my friend , training partner , and in many ways , another brother to me . "  His death marks an irreparable change in my life but more importantly , in the lives of his family and most loved . "  I can only convey my deepest of sympathies to everyone who cared about him as deeply as I did , especially his family , his friends , his team and his fans -- we celebrate his life and mourn his death in equal measure . " Farrar , who lived near to Weylandt in the Belgian city of Ghent , had already decided to leave the race following his friend 's death and , late on Tuesday evening , the remaining Leopard-Trek riders also issued a statement saying they too were withdrawing from the race . "  The decision really needed to be taken by the riders , because they are the ones that participate in the race , " said Leopard team manager Brian Nygaard . "  We have always said that we would stand behind their choice . We wish to thank the other teams , the race organization , the Italian authorities and all the fans on the road between Genova and Livorno on today 's stage , as the peloton paid tribute to Wouter . " Team captain Fabian Wegmann explained the teams ' decision . "  We have a lot of respect for the Giro d'Italia and for cycling , but we simply can not continue racing given the circumstances . We are professional athletes , but we feel this is the right thing to do . " After many riders had expressed their sadness in an outpouring of emotion on Twitter , the peloton agreed to award all prize money from Tuesday 's stage to Weylandt 's family . Weylandt 's partner Anne-Sophie -- who will give birth to the couple 's first child in September -- also laid flowers at the scene of the tragedy , before traveling with Weylandt 's parents to the hospital morgue in Lavagna , where his body is being held . Meanwhile , pathologist Armando Mannucci told the Ansa news agency that Weylandt had "  died instantly and did not suffer " after carrying out a two-and-a-half hour autopsy on the his body . Dr. Mannucci concluded that Weylandt suffered fatal skull and facial injuries as well as damage to his pelvis and a broken leg after the accident -- which is believed to have occurred when the rider 's left pedal briefly touched a wall at the side of the road , propelling him 20 meters to the ground below where he landed heavily on his face . Racing will resume in Wednesday 's fifth stage , a 191km ride from Piombino to Orvieto , with Briton David Millar holding the race leader 's pink jersey .	Tuesday 's fourth stage of the Giro d'Italia is turned into a tribute to Wouter Weylandt The 26-year-old Belgian died in a horror crash during the third stage of the race The peloton refuse to race the entire 216km stage from Genoa to Livorno
CNN  -- At a hearing on Tuesday , Maj. Nidal Malik Hasan , the Army psychiatrist accused of killing 13 people at Fort Hood , Texas , in 2009 , for the first time publicly explained that he was motivated by a desire to protect the leadership of the Taliban -- in particular , Mullah Mohammed Omar , the overall leader of the movement . Prosecutors say that as Hasan opened fire on a room full of soldiers filling out paperwork for their upcoming deployments to Afghanistan and Iraq , he shouted "  Allahu Akbar !  God is great !  " Maj. Nidal Hasan can represent himself The massacre at Fort Hood is part of a trend of "  homegrown " al Qaeda-inspired terrorist attacks and plots against U.S. military targets . For those individuals who buy in to the late Osama bin Laden 's key claim that the U.S. is at war with Islam , American soldiers who are fighting wars in Muslim countries make compelling targets . Indeed , more than a quarter of all the jihadist extremists who have carried out or plotted attacks inside the United States since the 9/11 attacks have targeted the U.S. military . Since 9/11 , 21 people have plotted to attack American soldiers or military installations , according to a count by the New America Foundation . Before he went on his rampage at Fort Hood , Hasan had contacted the radical Yemeni-American preacher Anwar al-Awlaki over the Internet to ask whether it would be permissible for a U.S. soldier to kill his comrades in the name of Islam . Al-Awlaki 's responses were noncommittal , and although the conversations were a red flag to some law enforcement officials who were monitoring these communications , those officials did not alert the military . A Pentagon report released after Hasan 's attack found that the military 's official relations with the FBI 's Joint Terrorism Task Forces were "  inadequate , " which might have contributed to the failures to communicate about the threat some law enforcement officials suspected Hasan might pose . Here are some other examples of plots or actions that targeted the military : • A few months before the Fort Hood attack , another jihadist extremist killed a U.S. soldier at a military recruitment center in Little Rock , Arkansas . Abdulhakim Mujahid Muhammad , a convert to Islam whose preconversion name was Carlos Bledsoe , had also attracted attention from federal law enforcement . Despite being questioned by the FBI about a suspicious trip he had recently taken to Yemen , Muhammad was able to obtain a semiautomatic rifle , a pistol and ammunition , as well as the ingredients for a Molotov cocktail . • A month after Muhammad attacked the military recruitment center in Arkansas , a Muslim convert named Daniel Patrick Boyd was arrested along with six other men , accused of leading a terrorist cell that plotted to attack the Marine base at Quantico , Virginia , outside Washington . Boyd had a history of run-ins with the law , but his group still managed to amass weapons and conduct paramilitary training before they were discovered . • A similar 2011 plan involved Walli Mujahidh , who plotted with Abu Khalid Abdul-Latif to use grenades and machine guns to attack military recruits at an office complex in south Seattle as revenge for purported atrocities by U.S. soldiers in Afghanistan . • Four years earlier , a group of Muslims living in southern New Jersey who were virulently opposed to the Iraq War told a government informant they were plotting to kill soldiers stationed at the nearby Fort Dix army base . In the wake of the attack there , Fort Hood tightened restrictions on who was allowed into the facility , posted more armed guards in strategic locations around the base and implemented the random searching of containers . An extensive independent review to find the "  lessons from Fort Hood " focused on identifying radicalization within the U.S. armed forces , a phenomenon that poses a particularly grave threat because of soldiers ' access to weapons and secure military facilities . The review also identified some of the procedural problems that led to the military 's failure to prevent the Fort Hood attack . Following the review , then-Secretary of Defense Bob Gates issued a directive ordering the implementation of 47 recommendations to improve "  force protection " at military bases in the U.S. . These included giving military personnel better guidance on identifying suspicious or radical behavior by their comrades , establishing better relations between the Pentagon and the FBI 's Joint Terrorism Task Forces and improving communication mechanisms for sharing real-time crisis information across military commands and installations . But while establishing methods to identify extremists is a somewhat feasible goal in a regimented , closely monitored system such as the military , it is not as easy for authorities to do so in the broader community , particularly when the individuals seem to be "  lone wolves " who are not part of a formal terrorist group . Two attacks last month on soldiers living in the West fit this category . On May 22 , two men rammed a car into British soldier Lee Rigby as he was walking down a street in suburban London . They then hacked at him with a meat cleaver and left his body in the road while a bystander filmed one of the attackers . The slaying was justified as "  an eye for an eye , a tooth for tooth ... because Muslims are dying daily . " The following weekend , in what might have been a copy-cat attack , a young Muslim convert who investigators believe "  acted in the name of his religious ideology " stabbed a 25-year-old French soldier in a Paris suburb . He was likely targeted because in recent years , French soldiers have served in Muslim countries such as Afghanistan and Mali . The suspect , identified only as Alexandre D. , first came to law enforcement 's attention when he was questioned briefly in 2009 . French intelligence services reportedly became aware of the suspect 's increasing radicalization in February of this year . Although there have been no successful attacks on U.S. military targets since the Fort Hood and Little Rock shootings in 2009 , six of the 15 jihadist extremists who plotted to attack inside the United States in the past two years were targeting American soldiers or military installations . The trial of Hasan serves as a reminder that American soldiers will remain squarely in the crosshairs of those few individuals in the United States who are motivated by al Qaeda 's ideology . But in the wake of the Fort Hood massacre , the Pentagon has made a concerted effort to identify and address the government failures that allowed Hasan to carry out his attack , making another "  insider " attack on a military facility in the United States significantly less likely than it was four years ago .	Major Nidal Malik Hasan says he killed U.S. soldiers to protect Taliban leaders Peter Bergen : Fort Hood massacre was part of a trend of terrorists targeting military It prompted new restrictions and security procedures at the base , he says Since 9/11 , 21 people have plotted to attack U.S. soldiers or military installations
Washington  CNN  -- Before Tuesday night 's debate , polls showed Mitt Romney had gained ground with women voters . But his comments about using "  whole binders full of women " as a hiring aid while governor , whiffing on an equal pay law question , and alluding to helping women get home to cook dinner has landed the GOP presidential hopeful in verbal quicksand with some female voters . He 'll have to do some serious repair to regain traction , political experts say . Online erupts over ` Binders full of women ' That 's because Tuesday night 's debate made clear that both presidential campaigns are focusing on female voters â $ " a group that makes up the majority of the electorate . Some of the spiciest exchanges between the candidates in their second debate were over so-called "  women 's issues . " "  Romney 's discussion of his promotion of women in his gubernatorial administration was ... problematic , " said Andra Gillespie , an associate professor of political science at Emory University in Atlanta . "  First , Romney 's description of how he found female appointees sounded an awful lot like affirmative action , and someone will bring this up again . Accusations , interruptions define bruising debate Also , the Twitterverse exploded with links to articles about how Bain Capital under Romney 's leadership did n't have a female partner . " The highest-ranking woman in his gubernatorial administration was his No. 2 , Lieutenant Gov. Kerry Healey . Beth Myers has long held senior positions in Romney 's political campaign . President Barack Obama was quick to use the "  binders " line against Romney on the campaign trail Wednesday . "  We do n't have to collect a bunch of binders to find qualified , talented , driven young women ready to learn and teach in these fields right now , " Obama told supporters in Mount Vernon , Iowa . Vice President Joe Biden at a campaign event Wednesday in Greeley , Colorado , questioned where Romney 's comments were coming from . "  What I ca n't understand is how he has gotten in this sort of 1950s time warp in terms of women , " he said . Romney responded on Twitter : @MittRomney "  I understand the challenges women face and want to make it easier for them in the workplace . " ` Romney just ca n't connect with working women ' During the debate at Hofstra University in New York , Romney , who worked in business before serving as governor of Massachusetts , said he "  learned a great deal " about the inequalities between men and women in the workplace when leading his state . When he and his staff ran into problems finding qualified female applicants to fill cabinet posts , Romney said he "  went to a number of women 's groups and said , ` Can you help us find folks , ' and they brought us whole binders full of women . " Undecided women voters who were watching the debate and participating in a focus group in Ohio reacted positively to Romney 's anecdote during dial-testing for CNN . The responses from the women jumped sharply on-screen when Romney spoke about workplace flexibility . 25 funniest debate tweets The tweets , posts and pictures quickly exploded on the internet . Before the debate ended , there were Twitter hashtags and handles , a series of memes on Tumblr , and a Facebook page with over 100,000 fans . The "  binders full of women " phrase was the third-fastest rising search on Google during the debate . Romney 's comments ` extremely offensive to women ' Not to be outdone or out-messaged , the Romney campaign put out an ad as the debate wrapped up , clarifying the GOP nominee 's support for contraception and belief that in some cases abortion should be legal . But there is a lingering perception behind the comedic Internet takes on Romney 's "  binders full of women " response and pre-emptive advertising aimed at women that he is disconnected from the day-to-day issues facing that critical group of voters . And in a close election , that type of narrative could be a problem for Romney as he fights to woo a narrow pool of voters . 5 things we learned from the debate "  The gap between Obama and Romney was declining and I 'm not sure ... if the governor made significant headway  with women voters  , " said Meena Bose , director of the Peter S. Kalikow Center for the Study of the American Presidency at Hofstra . A USA Today/Gallup poll conducted last week showed Romney had closed the gap with women and was within one point among women who are likely voters , 48 % for Romney and 49 % for Obama . Throughout the debate , Obama and Democrats sought to reverse that trend and widen that gap . Obama tried to draw a distinction between himself and Romney on a number of women 's issues , tying equal pay , contraceptives and health care to the economy . Obama said his administration 's Affordable Care Act gives insured women free contraception coverage and asserted that Romney "  feels comfortable having politicians in Washington decide the health care choices that women are making . " Romney reacts to frenzy over ` binders ' comment Romney pushed back , calling the president 's statement "  completely and totally wrong . " While not opposing the availability of contraception , Romney opposes the contraception rule , arguing it forces some religious institutions to go against their faith . After the debate , Democratic pundits criticized Romney 's efforts to hire women . "  What it demonstrates here and why these debates are important because they 're a window into what people are really thinking and how they operate , " former Clinton adviser and Democratic analyst Richard Socarides said on CNN 's Early Start . "  Here 's a situation where , you know , it should have been readily apparent to anyone that there were plenty of qualified women but they had to make this special effort . " Socarides gave Romney points for trying to hire women but said in doing so , "  Romney demonstrates that he 's living in another world . " "  Qualified women should be apparent to everyone , " added Socarides . He said he did n't understand why Romney "  has to go out and make this special effort to find women . " And though Romney sought to highlight his support of flexible work schedules for women , his reference to women who need such schedules to race home to make dinner for their families may have ruffled some female voters the wrong way . Opinion : Romney 's empty ` binders full of women ' "  His discussion of work-life balance appeared condescending to some because of the reference to women cooking dinner , " Gillespie said . Romney will now have to rebuff the Obama campaign 's attempts to define him as someone who is anti-woman , political experts say . Romney campaign surrogate Rep. Marsha Blackburn , R-Tennessee , said one reason more women may be looking to vote for Romney is because of his economic message . "  The Number One issue with women is jobs and the economy , " Blackburn said on CNN 's Early Start recently . The former governor will have to do more of this type of messaging if he wants to sway this group , Bose said . Romney , she said , will have to hammer home the message "  what 's good for women is good for the country . " Roundup : 10 takes on the second presidential debate CNN 's wire staff , political unit and Emily Smith contributed .	NEW : Barack Obama , Joe Biden take on Mitt Romney 's ` binders ' comments on campaign trail ; Romney responds on Twitter Romney 's comments on using "  binders full of women " in hiring ; contraception could hurt his standing with some women Obama and Democrats rush to paint Romney as someone who does n't have the best interests of women in mind Romney will now have to score messaging points on the economy while clarifying stance on women 's health issues
CNN  -- Tuesday -- Barcelona . It was supposed to be the end of an era , the end of a generation . Had it not been for a post , then perhaps the world would be looking at a different future . Football is nothing but fickle . The headline will be Barcelona 's 4-0 annihilation of AC Milan , swatting aside the critics and doubters in the only way that this great team know how . Had the ball deflected off the post and spun the other way , the chilling inquest into Barcelona 's fall of grace would have already begun . The biggest of games , the smallest of margins . Trailing 2-0 from the first leg , Barca was in a supposed crisis , its crown as Europe 's dominant force precariously balanced . Consecutive defeats to arch rival Real Madrid in domestic competition and the anemic display at San Siro just three weeks ago had stoked the fires . But on this occasion , it was not just at the Vatican where black smoke rose across Italian skies , but also in Milan , as its Champions League dream went up in flames . It could have been a different story -- but history is written by the victors and Barcelona were victorious by a considerable distance . Without coach Tito Vilanova , who is still undergoing cancer treatment , question marks had emerged about the ability of the club to make it through to its sixth consecutive quarterfinal . And perhaps , but for a post and a roll of the ball , those questions would have been answered quite differently . Maybe the opportunity fell to the wrong man . At just 18 , M'Baye Niang cut an unlikely cast member for the role of hero . Without a goal to his name since his move to Milan at the end of last season , it was he who was given the golden opportunity to bring Barca to its knees with just seven minutes of the opening period remaining . Already trailing to Lionel Messi 's fifth minute strike , Niang took advantage of an error by Javier Mascherano before gliding towards goal . This was the moment that Milan had waited for and while Niang hit his effort hard and true , it crashed against the post and away to safety . An away goal then would have given even Barcelona a mountain to climb with a minimum of four goals needed to progress . Whether Barcelona 's world would have crumbled had that ball nestled in the far corner will never be known , but had it done so , then Milan would have at least given itself a chance . That Barca recorded four anyway will not help Niang sleep any better . There is little room for "  What if ? " in sport however and Barcelona left little to chance as it went on to produce a mesmeric performance . Only last week , a Japanese jeweler created a 25 kilogram solid $ 5.25 million gold statue of Messi 's left foot , although the price may well rise following his latest exploits . His early strike , a sumptuous effort following a delightful pass from Xavi , was his 57th in the Champions League , placing him second behind Raul in the all-time top scorers of Europe 's elite competition . His 58th came less than 100 seconds after Niang had threatened to send shockwaves throughout Europe . This time , albeit with a suspicion of offside , Messi unleashed an unstoppable drive from 20-yards after Massimo Ambrosini had gift wrapped possession to the Barca man . The halftime whistle brought some solace for Milan , but it only delayed the inevitable . If there were any statisticians in the Milan dressing room then they may have known that Barcelona had won both of its previous games during a papal conclave . But not even a prayer was going to help the Italian side out of this . Just 10 minutes of the second period had elapsed when Kevin Constant 's dreadful error allowed Xavi 's pass to skip into the path of David Villa , who curled an exquisite effort into the far corner . Milan threatened sporadically and a wonderful block from Jordi Alba denied Robinho as Barcelona began to look nervous for the first time in the contest . But Alba soon laid any worries to rest , racing onto Alexis Sanchez 's pass deep into stoppage time before slotting the ball past Abbiati . For Roura , the result was a relief . "  If there was anyone not sure about Messi then this was the perfect response as he took charge of the game with two goals and showed again that he is an extraordinary player , out of this world , " he told reporters . "  Before we were n't so poor and now we are not so great and I would n't describe ourselves as favorites for the competition . "  At any stage of the game until the final goal we could have gone out if we had conceded and I would have said the same that we played well and were composed . " Crisis ? What crisis . From the cradle to the grave service provided by Schalke In the night 's other game , Galatasaray booked its place in the last eight with a dramatic 3-2 win over Schalke in Germany to progress 4-3 on aggregate . Following a 1-1 draw in the first leg , Schalke looked set to progress when Roman Neustadter prodded home from close-range . But Galatasaray , boasting the likes of Didier Drogba and Wesley Sneijder , was soon level thanks to a stunning 25-yard drive from former Schalke player Hamit Altintop . Burak Yilmaz then grabbed his eighth goal of the competition to put Galatasaray ahead and put himself top of the Champions League goalscoring charts . Marco Hoger smashed an effort against the crossbar with 63 minutes gone before Michel Bastos leveled soon after . But with Schalke pushing up for a winner , Umut Bulut raced through to score and seal his side 's place in the quarterfinals for the first time in 12 years . "  We showed we deserve to be in the quarter-finals , but it was a close game and both teams had their chances , " said Altintop . "  Perhaps we had a bit of luck at the end , but I 'll take that . "  We responded well to fight back after conceding the early goal . "	Barcelona crushed AC Milan 4-0 to progress 4-2 on aggregate Lionel Messi scored twice with David Villa and Jordi Alba also on target Galatasaray claimed a 3-2 win at German side Schalke Turkish team through to quarterfinals 4-3 on aggregate
CNN  -- Heather Reynolds , the head of the nonprofit organization Catholic Charities , tells the story she heard from an 8-year-old girl from Guatemala who recently crossed the border without her family . "  These kids were taken by drug cartels and others and would arrive back at their neighbors ' dead with their organs cut out of them . Obviously , this little girl had seen stuff none of us could ever imagine . " The little girl 's relatives hired a "  coyote " to smuggle her into the United States . "  On her journey here , she was sold as a sex slave . Finally escaping , this 8-year-old crossed the Rio Grande , " said Reynolds . The United States has a humanitarian crisis at its Southern border , as the number of unaccompanied children trying to enter the country has increased by 90 % over just last year . The Republicans are also trying to turn this into a political crisis by accusing the Obama administration and the push for immigration reform for enticing more undocumented immigrants . Once again , Republicans are bashing President Obama , this time by using suffering children as their political pawns . Every parent can imagine it 's not an easy decision to send your child with a stranger thousands of miles away to a foreign country . These are little kids , for crying out loud . That 's not something you do because you want to , it 's something you do because you have to . Escalating violence in Central America is driving the new wave of migrating children . As the Los Angeles Times reports , "  Although there has always been crushing poverty in Central America , violence in the region has escalated in recent years . For example , Honduras has the most murders per capita of any country . Drug cartels and gangs are at the root of the increased violence . Some of these children are fleeing gang initiations , according to several reports . " While historically most of the children who came to the United States illegally were from Mexico , that changed in 2013 when for the first time the number of unaccompanied migrant children from Central America eclipsed those from Mexico . Actually , the number of undocumented kids coming from Mexico has decreased in recent years . Nonetheless , Republicans insist it 's Obama 's fault . Republican House Judiciary Chairman Bob Goodlatte said , "  Many of the Obama administration 's policies ... have led to a surge of minors arriving at the U.S.-Mexico border . " Republican Speaker of the House John Boehner alleged the President 's "  lax enforcement at Mexico 's borders " are giving a "  free pass " to immigrants trying to come to the United States . These claims ignore the fact that President Obama has deported immigrants at a higher rate than President George W. Bush and is on track to have deported three million immigrants by the end of his presidency . One might call this rate of deportation inhumane or un-American , but no one could reasonably call it "  lax " -- no one , that is , except Republicans fixated on attacking the President no matter what . Meanwhile , Republican Senator Jeff Sessions , implicating the President 's program of administrative relief for young immigrant "  dreamers " brought to the United States as kids , accused the President of "  incentivizing " unaccompanied children to migrate with the promise of "  citizenship for anyone in the world who arrives illegally in the country by a certain age . " Sessions said , "  President Obama is responsible for this calamity . " Yet , the increase in unaccompanied children escaping Central American began back in 2009 , long before President Obama 's Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals  DACA  program . And for those who think that the United States should be even more aggressive in how it addresses the cases of kids who arrive here unaccompanied , it 's worth noting that the current procedures for unaccompanied minors under our immigration system were created under President George W. Bush . Could the prospect of comprehensive immigration reform be part of the lure ? Perhaps , though in a study of 104 migrant children from El Salvador , only one mentioned the prospect of immigration reform as a motivation . The White House has announced new steps to address the violence and poverty in Central America that is pushing children to migrate , including providing $ 9.6 million to help Central American governments repatriate citizens and additional USAID funds to reduce crime and violence in the region . And if there is misinformation spreading in Central America about immigration relief for children crossing the border , possibly a deliberate misinformation campaign as White House sources suggest , the Obama administration will be actively working to counter this with correct information , including the fact that young people recently arriving in the United States do not qualify under DACA . Although Republicans will continue to use this issue and other excuses to try to destroy the prospects for immigration reform , Democrats and the White House should keep pushing for reform , including a comprehensive path to citizenship . Our government has made it incredibly treacherous to cross our borders . Yet , people still take the grave risk to do so in order to seek security and opportunity . Currently , the avenues for legal immigration are largely backed up and broken , not keeping pace with the realities of why people migrate nor the needs of business in the United States that rely on their work . Our broken system is only working for the criminal coyote networks that take advantage of immigrants ' hopes . If we fix our immigration system , people will have reasonable and accessible avenues beyond crossing the hot desert in desperation . Immigration reform is not the cause of the crisis at the border -- immigration reform is the solution . It would be nice if Republicans would face reality and be part of the solution instead of further exploiting these helpless kids in their endless vendetta against the White House .	Sally Kohn : Unaccompanied children trying to cross the border increased by 90 % Kohn : This is a humanitarian crisis , but Republicans are turning it into a political crisis She says escalating violence in Central America is driving the new wave of migrating kids Kohn : Immigration reform is not the cause of the Southern border crisis , it 's the solution
CNN  -- World champion Jenson Button fired a warning to his 2010 title rivals that he will be just as quick with new team McLaren after setting the fastest time of the pre-season testing sessions in Jerez . The British driver , who left Brawn ahead of the manufacturers ' champions takeover by Mercedes following the capture of his maiden drivers ' crown , ended the eight days at the Spanish circuit top of the timesheets on Saturday following a best effort of one minute 18.871 seconds . That run put the 30-year-old ahead of the 1:19.299 set by Red Bull 's Mark Webber on Friday and the 1:19.583 recorded by new McLaren teammate and 2008 world champion Lewis Hamilton last week . McLaren reported on their Web site that Button was "  very comfortable and confident in the car " as he completed 108 laps in his third test with the team ahead of the final sessions in Barcelona next week . "  Both drivers will spend alternate days in the car evaluating the new bodywork and aerodynamic components ahead of the season-opener in Bahrain on March 14 , " McLaren said . Renault 's new signing Robert Kubica was second fastest in Saturday 's sessions , completing 117 laps in long runs in the R30 . Sauber 's Kamui Kobayashi was third quickest over a similar distance ahead of Force India 's Vitantonio Liuzzi and Nico Rosberg in a Mercedes after the German took over from Michael Schumacher . Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso was sixth , while Webber was back in eighth after his RB6 could manage only 88 laps after an engine failure . Meanwhile , struggling new team Campos hope to be on the grid in Bahrain after confirming that shareholder Jose Ramon Carabante has now taken a controlling stake . The Spaniard has appointed former Force India boss Colin Kolles as team principal of an outfit which has just one confirmed driver , Bruno Senna . "  I would like to thank Bernie Ecclestone , who worked tremendously to support our efforts to keep the team viable , " Carabante told F1 's official Web site . "  The whole rescue operation has been a race against time with the goal of always having the team run two competitive cars at the first Grand Prix of the F1 season . "  We have a lot of hard work still ahead of us but we are excited about making our F1 debut and looking forward to a competitive season . "	World champion Jenson Button sets fastest time of the eight pre-season testing sessions British driver tops timesheets at Jerez on Saturday for his new team McLaren Teams head to Barcelona next week for final sessions before first race in Bahrain Struggling new team Campos confident of competing after naming new team boss
ACCRA , Ghana  CNN  -- President Obama reached out to Africa on Saturday with a wide-ranging address praising the continent 's steady achievements , but he called its persistent violent conflicts "  a millstone around Africa 's neck . " President Obama speaks before Ghana 's Parliament on Saturday . "  Despite the progress that has been made -- and there has been considerable progress in parts of Africa -- we also know that much of that promise has yet to be fulfilled , " Obama said in a speech to the parliament of Ghana , a western African nation seen as a model of democracy and growth for the rest of the continent . Ghana was the first sub-Saharan nation to gain independence , in 1957 , and Obama continually cited the nation during his speech for its stability , political strides and painstaking economic progress . Its stability stands in contrast to other hot spots on the continent , such as Zimbabwe , where the society is in economic and political turmoil ; Sudan , where fighting rages in the Darfur region ; and Somalia , where a shaky transitional government is now battling an Islamic insurgency . Ghana , with a population of 24 million , was once a major slave trading center . Obama visited the Cape Coast Castle , a British outpost where slaves were held until shipped overseas , along with his daughters . Watch Obama 's remark after touring Cape Coast Castle " "  I think it was particularly important for Malia and Sasha , who are being raised in a very blessed way , that history can take some cruel turns , " he said . "  And hopefully , one of the things that was imparted to them during this trip is their sense of obligation to fight oppression and cruelty wherever it appears . " Obama , whose father was Kenyan , compared the history to that of the Holocaust , Nazi Germany 's efforts to exterminate the Jews of Europe during World War II . "  It 's one of those things that you do n't forget about , " he told CNN in an interview scheduled to air Monday on "  Anderson Cooper 360 . " "  I think it 's important that the way we think about it , the way it 's taught , is not one in which there 's simply a victim and a victimizer , and that 's the end of the story , " he said . "  I think the way it has to be thought about , the reason it 's relevant , is whether it 's what 's happening in Darfur or what 's happening in the Congo or what 's happening in too many places around the world , the capacity for cruelty still exists . " Watch how Ghana is celebrating the Obamas ' visit " But he told lawmakers that Ghana now shows "  a face of Africa that is too often overlooked by a world that sees only tragedy or the need for charity . " While the nation-building the country exemplifies may lack "  drama of the 20th century 's liberation struggles , " he said "  it will ultimately be more significant . " As he has in past remarks , including his Cairo address last month about U.S.-Muslim relations , Obama stressed the superiority of governments that "  respect the will of their own people , " saying they foster more prosperity and stability than governments that do n't . Watch Obama deliver speech to Ghanaian lawmakers " "  No business wants to invest in a place where the government skims 20 percent off the top , or the head of the Port Authority is corrupt , " he said . "  No person wants to live in a society where the rule of law gives way to the rule of brutality and bribery . That is not democracy , that is tyranny , even if occasionally you sprinkle an election in there . " Even Kenya , his father 's homeland , continues to struggle with tribalism and corruption , he said . That eastern African nation "  had a per-capita economy larger than South Korea 's when I was born " and now , he says , it has been "  badly outpaced . " But he said Kenya has restored stability after the violence that followed the disputed 2007 election . South Africa has had high voter turnout in recent elections , and Zimbabwe 's Election Support Network has defended the right to vote . Watch report on Ghanaians ' reaction to Obama 's remarks " "  Make no mistake : history is on the side of these brave Africans , and not with those who use coups or change constitutions to stay in power . Africa does n't need strongmen , it needs strong institutions , " he said . He said his administration will work "  to support those who act responsibly and to isolate those who do n't , and that is exactly what America will do . " As for the economy and opportunity , he said African nations need to stop focusing on one particular commodity , such as oil or cocoa , and "  promote multiple export industries , develop a skilled work force , and create space for small and medium-sized businesses that create jobs . " He cited "  our $ 3.5 billion food security initiative " and said "  new methods and technologies for farmers -- not simply sending American producers or goods to Africa " is what is needed . See where Ghana is located " Obama also made reference to climate and energy challenges , saying the developed world should work with Africa to confront such problems . He said Africa has much potential to exploit its wind and solar power and geothermal energy and biofuels . As for disease , Obama said strides are being made in dealing with HIV/AIDS and malaria , but "  too many still die from diseases that should n't kill them . " He also indicated that there need to be ways to keep African doctors and nurses from going overseas and creating gaps in primary care . "  When children are being killed because of a mosquito bite , and mothers are dying in childbirth , then we know that more progress must be made . " He said his administration has committed $ 63 billion to fight disease , praising the "  strong efforts " of his predecessor , George W. Bush . Watch Ed Henry 's report Obama 's emotional visit to Africa " Obama welcomed efforts by the African Union and the Economic Community of West African States to help resolve conflict . He said the United States "  will stand behind efforts to hold war criminals accountable " and that the Pentagon 's Africa Command will fight "  common challenges to advance the security of America , Africa and the world . " Watch Obama 's remarks as his visit to Ghana concludes " "  We all have many identities -- of tribe and ethnicity ; of religion and nationality . But defining oneself in opposition to someone who belongs to a different tribe , or who worships a different prophet , has no place in the 21st century , " he said . "  Africa 's diversity should be a source of strength , not a cause for division . We are all God 's children , " he said .	Obama tells Ghana 's lawmakers Africa needs "  opportunity for more people " "  Africa 's diversity should be a source of strength , not a cause for division " Pledges U.S. will help fight HIV/AIDS , tropical diseases , childhood illnesses
CNN  The death of beloved Mexican soap opera star Lorena Rojas this week in Miami drew a deluge of heartfelt condolences -- from Los Angeles to San Juan , from Dallas to Buenos Aires . That hordes of Latinas and Latin Americans are mourning the 44-year-old actress , who starred in more than a dozen telenovelas , is no surprise to anyone who understands the deep hold that these soap operas have on the imagination of Latino culture . In fact , for Americans to fully grasp the culture of the more than 51 million Latinos who live in the U.S. , as well as their Spanish-speaking brethren south of the border and in the Spanish-speaking Caribbean islands , they would do well to understand the importance of the telenovela . Telenovelas are such an integral part of Latino tradition , in the U.S. and in the Spanish-speaking world , that soap stars like Rojas become part a household 's extended family . Fans follow the stars ' lives on and off the screen and live vicariously through both their fictional characters and real lives . They are something like the Kardashians of Latino culture . What 's more , social media has given fans access to their beloved celebrities 24-7 , which may explain the outpouring of grief when news broke that Rojas succumbed to breast cancer that had spread to her liver . It was , after all , like losing a family member . Since her debut in the Mexican soap "  Alcanzar una Estrella , " where she played opposite her biological sister , Mayra , Rojas had been a beloved member of Mexican households . Among the soaps she went on to star in were the sequel , "  Alcanzar una Estrella II , " "  Cancion de Amor , " "  Rosario , " "  Pecados Ajenos , " and her latest , filmed in Miami , where she lived , the Venezuelan series "  Demente Criminal . " Rojas , however , was best known for her role as Isabel in the deliciously sexy soap "  El Cuerpo del Deseo . " The story revolved around a young woman who falls in love with a 67-year old man , played by the legendary Mexican-Dominican actor Andres Garcia . In the show , he dies and comes back to life as a young stud , Mario Cimarro . In the nightly ritual of telenovela watching for millions of Latinas , such fantasy plots are exactly the point . After a hard day 's work , they are the balm or the dirty martini -- the inexpensive reward and gift -- that Hispanic women offer themselves . One reason why ? For immigrants , many of them laboring in a new land -- cleaning , cooking for others , slaughtering cows in meat houses , running their own businesses , for instance -- the novelas represent a shared escape , a way to stay connected with loved ones back home and to each other , here in America . They run on fast-paced cycles and feature a roller coaster of emotions and plot twists that fans savor until it all ends a few months later . One veteran actress described it to a reporter this way : " ... Cry . In this one you do n't cry . Now you are laughing . Now you are happy . Getting engaged . They 're killing you . You are sick . " The popularity of novelas helped Univision edge out NBC in several sweeps months , making the Spanish-language network the No. 4 network among adults 18-49 . Audience share is a testament of the growth of the Latino population in the U.S. , but it could also indicate a dearth of shows targeting this demographic in English-language networks . Indeed , while the American soap opera genre has continued to decline in viewership , Latino soaps have surged , partly because they have kept up with the times . While 30 years ago most story lines featured sappy Cinderella-like plots -- poor girl meets rich guy , falls in love and , after a series of tragedies , ends up with her prince -- they have evolved . Plots , twists and characters wink to issues of the day , and in many ways the shows serve as surrogate teachers , where taboos are explored and often debunked . Characters are getting divorces , remarrying , having premarital sex , cheating , having abortions , killing and getting killed . They are not just the good girls anymore -- they are naughty , and they 're winning , too . But perhaps the most delightful difference between American soaps and Spanish novelas is not just how over the top , fashionable and gorgeous the stars are ; it is also that when they end after several months , evil is taken out , good always wins , and there is , for the most part , a happy ending . A refreshing way to live in a country where people want to deport you and your family ! In some ways , Rojas was a standard bearer for the telenovela . She may not have had a happy ending the way many of her on-screen characters did , but she lived her life like many of the women she played on the small screen : valiantly fighting cancer , divorcing , falling in love again and adopting a baby girl . She had more than a quarter-million Twitter followers and celebrated her 44th birthday with them in her final days . In her last tweet on February 10 , she thanked her fans : "  Gracias a todos por celebrar mi cumple conmigo . "	Sandra Guzman : Grief over death of telenovela star Lorena Rojas can help Americans understand something about Latino culture Hugely popular , novelas are integral to modern Latino tradition , a shared escape and a way to stay connected with one another , she says
CNN  -- Two late goals from Seydou Keita and Xavi Hernandez earned 10-man Barcelona a 3-1 win over Sporting Gijon at the Nou Camp on Saturday . Barca , who were without Lionel Messi who is serving a one-match suspension for picking up five yellow cards , opened the scoring in the 42nd minute through Andres Iniesta . But when Gerard Pique saw red immediately after the break , the visitors were handed a lifeline which they duly grabbed -- David Barrel leveling the scores in the 49th minute . The home fans had to wait until the 78th minute for a breakthrough as Keita curled in a shot from the edge of the area before Xavi made sure of the three points two minutes from time . The win narrows the gap with leaders Real Madrid to seven points who host Espanyol on Sunday . In Saturday 's other La Liga fixtures Malaga fought back from a goal down to beat Getafe 3-1 , while Rayo Vallecano clawed back a two-goal deficit to beat 10-man Racing Santander 4-2 . Osasuna are up to sixth place after a 1-1 draw against Mallorca . Meanwhile in Italy , a rapid first-half hat-trick by Zlatan Ibrahimovic helped AC Milan to a 4-0 win over Palermo at the Stadio Renzo Barbera to stay top of Serie A . The Swedish striker , who was returning after serving a three-match suspension , scored three goals in 15 minutes . His slotted home from 12 yards for his first in the 21st minute before finishing off a counter-attack ten minutes later , before lashing home his third from 20 yards 10 minutes before the break . Thiago Silva added a fourth in the 58th minute to keep the reigning champions ahead of second-placed Juventus who dropped points at home to Chievo . Paolo De Ceglie headed home from close range to give the hosts the lead after 18 minutes but they could n't find a second goal to kill off the game . Instead it was Chievo who scored the game 's second and final goal -- Boukary Drame netting in the 76th-minute . The draw means AC Milan now have a three-point cushion at the top although Juve have a game in hand .	Two late goals earn Barcelona 3-1 win over Sporting Gijon Real Madrid can restore 10-point gap with with against Espanyol on Sunday Ibrahimovic nets quickfire hat-trick for AC Milan as Juventus drop points against Chievo
CNN  -- A collection of rare ancient Greek coins which has been hidden away for two decades is expected to sell for millions of dollars when it goes up for auction in New York on Wednesday . The Prospero Collection features coins of historical and artistic importance , including one described by an expert as "  a masterpiece of ancient Greek art . " Assembled by a private collector over three decades , from 1960 to 1991 , the treasure trove has remained untouched for the past 20 years . After so long out of the spotlight , the coins have attracted serious interest from potential buyers around the world and at recent viewings in the U.S. and the UK . Paul Hill , ancient Greek coin specialist at dealers A. H. Baldwin & Sons , the company behind the sale , said many of the coins were "  miniature works of art . " The most valuable item in the collection is a gold stater featuring the head of a bearded satyr and the figure of a winged griffin , which the auction catalog describes as "  without doubt the greatest ancient Greek gold coin . " Hill said the lot , "  a masterpiece of ancient Greek art , " had a pre-sale estimate of $ 650,000 and may eventually go under the hammer for as much as $ 1 million . He said that while most of the lots were likely to sell to collectors , coins were increasingly being seen as an attractive investment , given the global financial crisis . "  They are of great artistic beauty and historical significance , which makes them more interesting than stocks or shares , and they are tangible and portable , compared to a big estate . " "  Such passion has gone into the collection , and it has been an important part of somebody 's life for so long , that there is an element of sadness to see it split up , " Hill told CNN . "  But it is lovely to see it published together now , for posterity , before it is ` recycled ' and finds new homes with new collectors all over the world . " The Prospero Collection will be sold at auction at the Waldorf Astoria Hotel in New York on January 4 , 2012 .	Prospero Collection of ancient Greek coins to be sold at auction Trove assembled over 30 years by private collector , hidden away for past two decades Most valuable piece expected to sell for $ 650,000 ; collection valued at $ 8 million Gold coin featuring head of a satyr "  a masterpiece of ancient Greek art "
CNN  -- Five Somali men were convicted of plotting a hijack at sea and sentenced to five years in prison in the Netherlands , in the first trial of pirates in Europe , a prosecution spokesman said Thursday . The court rejected their claim that they were innocent fishermen , said Wim de Bruin , a spokesman for Netherlands National Prosecutor 's Office , noting that no fishing gear was found in their boat . The five were captured by the Danish navy in January 2009 in the Gulf of Aden , off Somalia , after a cargo ship with Dutch Antilles flag was attacked . "  The ship of the pirates was destroyed by the Danish navy , and the pirates were captured and handed to the Dutch authorities , " de Bruin said . The men are Ahmed Yusuf Farah , 25 , Jama Mohamed Samatar , 45 , Abdirisaq Abdulahi Hirsi , 33 , Sayid Ali Garaar , 39 , and Osman Musse Farah , 32 , he said . They have two weeks to file an appeal , he said , adding that he did not know if they planned to fight their conviction . They had faced a maximum sentence of 9 to 12 years , he added . The trial of the five opened in Rotterdam District Court on May 25 . Another suspected Somali pirate is awaiting sentencing in the United States , where he pleaded guilty in May to hijacking and kidnapping . Prosecutors say Abduwali Abdukhadir Muse led an attack on a U.S.-flagged vessel , the Maersk Alabama , off the coast of Africa last year . He pleaded guilty May 19 in a New York federal court to felony counts of hijacking maritime vessels , kidnapping and hostage-taking for his role in the hijacking of the Maersk Alabama in the Indian Ocean on April 8 , 2009 . Muse faces a maximum sentence of almost 34 years behind bars when he is sentenced October 19 . The pirates who were tried in the Netherlands spent four weeks aboard the Danish navy ship after their capture before being taken to the Netherlands , spokesman de Bruin said . They were held in pre-trial custody while the court interviewed witnesses from the Danish navy and seamen on the Dutch Antilles cargo ship that was under attack , he said . Five Dutch defense lawyers represented the suspects , he said . The trial is the first of its kind in Europe , he said . Germany will soon try 10 suspected pirates who were captured in the Gulf of Aden earlier this year . They were arrested after their attempt to board a German cargo vessel , but the Danish navy ended the hijacking and handed them over to the Dutch authorities , Bruin said . They have since been held in the Netherlands , and Germany requested their extradition about two months ago . CNN 's Eileen Hsieh contributed to this report .	NEW : Pirates have two weeks to appeal Trial thought to be the first of its kind in Europe Suspects captured after attack on ship in January 2009 They could have been sentenced to 9 to 12 years
CNN  -- Gilad Shalit was a 19-year-old enlisted man guarding an Israeli army post when Palestinian militants attacked his tank , killed the two men he was serving with and took him prisoner more than five years ago . Israelis are overjoyed that he went free on Tuesday in exchange for more than 1,000 Palestinian prisoners . "  We have experienced the rebirth of a son , " Shalit 's father said . It has been "  an exhausting and long struggle . " "  Our eyes are wet and our hearts are proud , " Israeli President Shimon Peres declared . "  We have become ourselves again . " "  He really is the child of us all , " said Daniel Taub , Israel 's ambassador to the United Kingdom , noting that almost all Israelis do military service . Shalit told Egypt 's state-owned Nile TV after his release Tuesday that it was "  exciting " to meet many of the people who "  have worked very hard in order to release me . I would like to thank them for all this effort . " He said he received the news of a possible deal to free him a week ago , "  but I felt it for the last month . ... I was afraid that the negotiations could go wrong . " Much of Israel came to a halt in a nationwide demonstration earlier this year in response to a Facebook campaign that went viral . On March 15 , cars pulled to the side of the road , schools halted classes and Israeli President Shimon Peres paused at a conference in the southern Israeli city of Eilat . Israelis were not the only ones marking the soldier 's captivity . "  Jews across the world have been pining for Gilad Shalit 's release for over five years , " said William Daroff , a vice president of the Jewish Federations of North America . "  Thousands of us have had an empty chair at our Passover seder tables reserved for Gilad , " he said , referring to the celebratory meal that marks the beginning of Passover . "  We have prayed for his release . We have met with his parents , we have sat with his family in their tent outside the prime minister 's residence , we have marched for Gilad 's release . " Shalit 's parents led a 12-day march from their home in northern Israel to Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 's office in Jerusalem in June 2010 and camped out in a tent there until last week . Soon after the protest camp was set up , the British government demanded Shalit 's "  immediate and unconditional release . " "  His detention is unjustifiable and unacceptable , " the British Foreign Office said on Shalit 's 24th birthday . In June of this year , the United States condemned Shalit 's captivity "  in the strongest possible terms , " according to a White House statement . America "  joins other governments and organizations around the world " in calling for his immediate freedom , the statement said . French President Nicolas Sarkozy said Tuesday his thoughts were with the victims ' families of the Palestinian prisoners released under the terms of the deal . "  Gilad could not pay for everybody , " Sarkozy said . Asked what he missed most during his captivity , Shalit told Nile TV Tuesday he missed his family . "  I missed going out and meeting people , " he said . ' Shalit traveled via Egypt because it acted as a mediator between Israel and Hamas . Asked why he thought the Egyptians succeeded and others did not , he said , "  I think the Egyptians were successful because they have good relations with Hamas and with Israel . " On whether he will help bring about the release of thousands of Palestinian prisoners in Israeli jails , Shalit said , "  I will be glad if they are released , as long as they do not return to fighting Israel . " And he said he hopes the deal that brought about his release "  will move the peace process forward . " Shalit was born August 28 , 1986 , in the Israeli coastal city of Naharia and moved with his family to western Galilee two years later . He has two brothers and was an outstanding science student in high school , his family says . An Israeli military operation immediately after his capture failed to free him , and he was held incommunicado throughout his captivity . His family calls it a violation of international law that organizations such as the Red Cross were not allowed to see him and that they were only able to get one letter to him . The last proof he was alive came in a video in 2009 in which the noticeably thin young man held a newspaper dated September 14 . In the video , he talks about his family , saying : "  I miss them very much , and I am longing for the day when I will see them again . " The day after his capture , a trio of Palestinian groups , including members of Hamas , Fatah and Islamic Jihad , said they would release him in exchange for all female Palestinian prisoners and all security prisoners under the age of 18 held by Israel , the Shalit family said . In the end , Israel is releasing significantly more than the Palestinians originally demanded -- despite the objections of at least some Israeli families who do not want to see the killers of their relatives released . The Israeli public overwhelmingly supports the agreement to release more than 1,000 prisoners in exchange for Shalit , according to a poll published in the Israeli daily Yedioth Ahronoth the day before his handover by Hamas to Egyptian security . Israel 's ambassador to London summed up the mixed feelings many experienced in his country as they waited for their most famous captive to taste freedom . "  Seeing Gilad coming home ... is really coming home to every family . But at the same time it 's very bittersweet , " Taub said , since "  every one of us in some way has been touched by terrorism . " CNN 's Guy Azriel and Michal Zippori contributed to this report .	NEW : Shimon Peres : "  Our eyes are wet and our hearts are proud " Palestinians abducted Israeli soldier Shalit in 2006 when he was 19 Shalit 's parents camped out in front of the Israeli prime minister 's office for more than a year Israel inked a deal to get him back in exchange for more than 1,000 Palestinian prisoners
CNN  -- Los Alamos National Laboratory announced Wednesday it is notifying nearly 2,000 current and former employees and visitors that they may have been exposed to beryllium in the lab and may be at risk of disease . Officials are trying to determine the source of beryllium found at Los Alamos National Laboratory . "  Letters went out to all of them today , " said Kevin Roark , a spokesman for the New Mexico laboratory . Concern over possible exposure to the hard , gray metal , which is purified for use in nuclear weapons and reactors and also used in bicycle frames and golf clubs , was first raised last November , when a box containing beryllium was received at the laboratory 's short-term storage facility , he said . "  The package appeared to have damage or degradation of the packing materials , which prompted us to test the area for additional contamination , " he said . Surface contamination was found , but it turned out that the box was not the source , Roark said , adding that the source has not been determined . Since the contaminated area had not been tested for the presence of beryllium since 2001 , everyone who has entered the restricted-access area since then is being alerted , he said . "  It 's just one building at one technical area , " Roark said , noting that the laboratory covers 36 square miles and has nearly 10,000 employees . Beryllium is hazardous only when its fine , particulate form is inhaled , he said . It was found on surfaces , not in the air , he said . Find out more about beryllium " Roark said the alert was sent because "  we think it 's the responsible , prudent thing to do to let people know we discovered this contamination and to answer their questions if they have any concern about potential for exposure . " There are no reports of sickness and "  we do n't expect anyone to be ill , " he said . The laboratory said about 240 employees and 1,650 visitors were potentially at risk because they visited the contaminated areas . About 2 percent of the exposed employees could become sensitized , a smaller percentage of whom could develop chronic beryllium disease , Roark said . Inhalation of powdered beryllium can result in chronic beryllium disease , which can impair lung function in people who are susceptible . The risk to the visitors would be "  extremely low " because of the activities they performed and their short exposure time , Roark said . An operator will be available at the laboratory at 505-665-7233 from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Mountain Time , Monday through Friday .	Los Alamos lab visitors , employees may have been exposure to beryllium Spokesman : Risk to visitors "  extremely low " due to short exposure time Beryllium is purified for use in nuclear weapons ; also used in bike frames , golf clubs Inhalation of powdered beryllium can impair lung function
EW.com  -- A federal appeals court has ruled California 's gay marriage ban unconstitutional in a decision announced earlier today , likely sending the case to the Supreme Court . "  Proposition 8 serves no purpose , and has no effect , other than to lessen the status and human dignity of gay men and lesbians in California , " wrote Judge Stephen Reinhardt in the decision . In light of the announcement , celebs have flocked to Twitter to voice their excitement about the ruling . @JesseTyler : Historic ! #Prop8 is unconstitutional . @AFER & I wo n't stop until ALL Americans are #free2marry . Sign > http://bit.ly/pledge8 & RT @tomcolicchio : Appeals court strikes down California prop 8  against same sex marriage  as unconstitutional @Audra McDonald : NOH8 NOH8 NOH8 NOH8 !!!!! My dogs think im nuts for the NOH8 happy dance im doing right now . @DamonLindelof : I try not to get blatantly political on twitter . That being said ? UNCONSTITUTIONAL !!! WOOOOOOHOOOOOOOOOO !!!!! @michaelurie : Take THAT , prop 8 . @oliviawilde : Woohoo !! Die Prop 8 Die !!!! 9th Circuit just ruled you unconstitutional . Next step Supreme Court ! @JuddApatow : " @jcolton : @JuddApatow can you slow down on the muppet cause for about half an hour ? we just got good news re Prop 8 . " Awesome news ! @zacayoung : Since we are taking it to the supreme court , can we redesign the judges ' robes ? #sequins #Prop8 @TheEllenShow : Today we took another step towards equality . #Prop8 was found unconstitutional again . I could n't be happier . @chelywright : I am a gay American and it 's my Constitution too . #NOH8 @adammshankman : Courts just AGAIN declared Prop 8 unconstitutional ... CUZ IT IS !!! Supreme court , here we come ! Equality ... is our birthright ! Its about time ! @MattGoldich : In celebration of Prop 8 being overturned , boyfriends all over West Hollywood are being overturned . @sarahcolonna : It 's a great day in California ! Prop 8 ruled unconstitutional . Today , I 'm very proud of where I live . #noh8 @SethMacFarlane : Prop 8 architects : Every civil rights battle is eventually won by the oppressed party . Save your hundred mil and buy some Bud platinum . @RuPaulsDragRace : Prop 8 , sashay away . logo.to / wpZBQA See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Celebs have flocked to Twitter to voice their excitement about the ruling @oliviawilde : Woohoo !! Die Prop 8 Die !!!! @TheEllenShow : Today we took another step towards equality
The American citizen sentenced to 15 years in a North Korean labor camp has appealed to the Korean authorities for forgiveness and asked the United States for help in securing his release in an exclusive interview from prison obtained Wednesday by CNN . Pae Jun Ho , known as Kenneth Bae by U.S. authorities , was found guilty in an April 30 trial of "  hostile acts to bring down its government " and planning anti-North Korea religious activities , according to the North 's state-run Korean Central News Agency  KCNA  . "  Although my health is not good , I am being patient and coping well , " Bae said . "  And I hope that with the help of the North Korean government and the United States , I will be released soon . " In the interview footage , his head was shaved and his face noticeably thinner than the previous photos of the Korean-American . Bae wore a blue prison garment streaked with sweat and dirt that bore the number 103 . "  I know what I did is not easily forgivable , but I hope that things will work out so that I can be with my family again soon , " Bae continued . The video was made by a pro-North Korean group based in Tokyo , Choson Sinbo , which interviewed Bae in prison recently . The interview is believed to be the first since Bae 's sentencing about two months ago . Choson Sinbo was permitted to conduct the interview by North Korea . The edited footage , which runs less than eight minutes , was made available to CNN . The timing of the Bae interview comes after North Korea proposed high-level talks with the United States last month . Washington does not appear to be rushing towards talks , as it has previously stated that Pyongyang must take concrete steps to denuclearize as a pre-condition . However , North Korea has stated before that Bae is not a "  political bargaining chip " through KCNA . The United States has called on the North to grant Bae amnesty , citing concerns about the lack of transparency in the North Korean legal system "  There is no greater priority for us than the welfare and safety of U.S. citizens abroad and we urge the DPRK authorities to grant Mr. Bae amnesty and immediate release , " said Brent Byers , spokesperson at the U.S. Embassy in South Korea . He added that the Swedish embassy in Pyongyang , which represents U.S. interests there , has met with Bae six times since his arrest . In the interview , Bae sat in a room next to a door and a radiator . He calmly described his current prison life as eight hours of farm labor -- which he had never done before -- with a break in the middle of the day and lunch . He was also filmed clearing the fields , wearing black gloves and a hat as a guard stood watch nearby . When asked if prison life was bearable , Bae replied , "  Yes , people here are very considerate . But my health is not in the best condition , so there are some difficulties . But , everyone here is considerate and generous , and we have doctors here , so I 'm getting regular check-ups . " He spoke of health problems including diabetes , high blood pressure , fatty liver and a back problem . Bae spoke stoically throughout the interview conducted in Korean . But his eyes welled with tears when he spoke about his father 's upcoming 70th birthday on July 4 -- American Independence Day holiday . "  I was hoping that my problem would be worked out by end of June . So my hope is that North Korea will forgive , and the U.S. will try harder to get me out speedily . I 'm asking for their help . " He paused and bowed his head , blinking back tears . As he tried to compose himself , he spoke between deep breaths . "  I am an only son . . my father , I really hope to go to congratulate him on his birthday . " Bae said he has had only had two phone calls with his family -- once before the trial and another after the trial . North Korean media has detailed the reasons why Bae was sentenced . Among the list of alleged crimes was 1  setting up bases in China for the "  purpose of toppling the DPRK government , " 2  encouraging DPRK citizens to bring down its government and 3  conducting a "  malignant smear campaign . " KCNA added that Bae had planned what it called a "  Jericho operation " to bring down North Korea through religious activities . It suggested that Bae could have been sentenced to death , but avoided it through "  candid confession of his crimes . " Bae said in the interview that he refused a defense attorney in his trial because he had admitted to breaking North Korean laws in his preliminary hearings . "  I admitted to the charges , so I thought that it was n't really necessary to have a defense lawyer during the trial . I admitted to my crime , and apologized for it , " he said . KCNA said the Korean-American was arrested November 3 after arriving as a tourist in Rason City , a port in the northeastern corner of North Korea . It described Bae is being held at a "  special prison , " although there was little detail of what that entailed . The prison where Bae was interviewed was not disclosed by Choson Sinbu . Bae is father to three children , according to his sister , Terri Chung . In a previous interview with CNN , she said that her brother is "  a good man ; he 's not a spy . He has never had any evil intentions against North Korea , or any other country for that matter . " She had said that he is the owner of a tour company and was in North Korea for work . Bae graduated from the University of Oregon in 1992 , according to a website created by his friends . In the Facebook page and a website called "  Free Kenneth , " friends describe him as a man who volunteered with disadvantaged students and liked helping people . Former NBA star Dennis Rodman has even appealed to North Korea 's leader Kim Jong Un asking him on Twitter to "  do me a solid and cut Kenneth Bae loose . " Previous situations involving Americans arrested in North Korea have usually been resolved with a red-carpet appearance by a prominent former official . In 2010 , former President Jimmy Carter secured the release of Aijalon Mahli Gomes , a former English teacher who had been sentenced to eight years of hard labor for entering the North from China . In 2009 , the North freed American journalists Laura Ling and Euna Lee to former President Bill Clinton . Ling and Lee had been arrested while reporting from the North Korean-Chinese border on charges of entering the country illegally to conduct a smear campaign and sentenced to 12 years in a labor camp . Bae said he regretted that his parents are worried and in shock over his situation . "  I know that my family is trying their best to try to help me , I know that they pray for me . I would like to plea for the help of the North Korean and United States governments . "	U.S. citizen Kenneth Bae spoke to pro-North Korea group Choson Sinbo In interview , he asks for U.S. and North Korea 's help to release him Bae appears thinner and breaks down when speaking of his father Bae was sentenced 15 years of hard labor in North Korea
CNN  -- Real Madrid forward Cristiano Ronaldo equaled the Spanish league scoring record with two more goals in Sunday 's 3-1 victory at Villarreal . The Portugal captain took his tally in La Liga to 38 ahead of next weekend 's final match at home to relegated Almeria , with Real 's title hopes having ended in midweek . His closest rival is Lionel Messi on 31 , but the world player of the year was rested for Barcelona 's 0-0 draw against lowly Deportivo La Coruna ahead of the May 28 Champions League final against Manchester United . Barca , who clinched the title on Wednesday with two matches to play , were presented the La Liga trophy in front of their home fans after a low-key match . Barcelona crowned Spanish champions after Levante draw Ronaldo is now level with the 1951 effort of Athletic Bilbao 's Telmo Zarra , which was matched by Real 's Hugo Sanchez in 1990 , after scoring nine times in the last three matches . Both against Villarreal came from free-kicks , with the first soon after Marcelo 's 17th-minute opener and the second in time added on at the end of the match . It took him to 51 goals in all competitions this season , one behind Messi 's Spanish record , while Real have now netted 94 times to Barca 's 92 in La Liga . Fourth-placed Villarreal , who reduced the deficit through Ruben Cani six minutes after halftime , will have to go through the Champions League qualifying round next season . Valencia clinched third place for the second time in a row with a 0-0 draw against local rivals Levante to secure a group-stage place in Europe 's top tournament . Athletic Bilbao , Atletico Madrid and Sevilla will battle for the two Europa League places next weekend , with all three clubs on 55 points . Bilbao were held 1-1 at home by 10-man Malaga , while Sevilla beat Real Sociedad 3-1 and Atletico won 2-1 against relegated Hercules in manager Quique Sanchez Flores ' final home game in charge of the 2010 Europa League champions . Six clubs will battle to avoid filling the final relegation spot next week , with Zaragoza on 42 points , Deportivo and Getafe on 43 and Mallorca , Sociedad and Osasuna on 44 . Robinho double helps champions Milan rebound In Italy , deposed champions Inter Milan secured second place with a round to play after a 1-1 draw with Napoli that ensured the home team will finish third and enter the Champions League draw at the group stage . Cameroon striker Samuel Eto'o put Inter ahead with his 21st league goal this season , while Colombian defender Juan Camilo Zuniga equalized on halftime . The battle for a berth in the competition 's qualifying draw will go to the final round after Udinese won 2-0 at Chievo to reclaim fourth place from Lazio . Sixth-placed Roma 's Champions League hopes ended with a 2-1 defeat at Catania , leaving the side three points behind capital rivals Lazio . Seventh-placed Juventus lost 1-0 at Parma , so must beat Napoli next weekend and hope Roma lose to Sampdoria in order to qualify for the Europa League . Sampdoria dropped out of the top flight just a season after qualifying for the Champions League following a 2-1 defeat at home to Palermo . The club finished fourth in 2009-10 but followed Brescia and Bari in going down to Serie A. Lecce survived after a 2-0 win at Bari put the club five points clear of Sampdoria .	Cristiano Ronaldo 's double gives Real Madrid forward 38 league goals this season Portugal forward matches the efforts of Athletic Bilbao 's Telmo Zarra and Real 's Hugo Sanchez Valencia clinch third place in Spain , while Villarreal will finish fourth Deposed Italian champions Inter Milan will finish second after 1-1 draw with Napoli
CNN  -- A police chief from southeastern New Hampshire who planned to retire in a few days has been shot to death while trying to execute a search warrant , authorities said Friday . Chief Michael Maloney of the police department in Greenland , a town of about 3,500 , was killed in a shooting that wounded four other officers on Thursday night at a home in the community , said Attorney General Michael Delaney . "  This is a tragedy for our community , " he said . "  Our law enforcement community is in mourning . " Two suspects , a man and a woman , were found dead in the home after a long stand off , Delaney said . Investigators believe the deaths came from either a "  murder-suicide " or a "  double suicide , " he said . Greenland is just south of the city of Portsmouth . Its police force has 10 members , the town says on its website . During a news conference Friday , Delaney was asked why a police chief would be part of a dangerous mission so close to his retirement . He did not answer the question directly but said all the officers involved were part of a drug investigation . The shootings come after a year in which U.S. cities saw an increase in officers killed . The number of officers who died in the line of duty in 2011 increased 16 % nationwide from last year , according to the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial Fund . Last year , 177 officers were killed , compared with 153 in 2010 , the organization said .	The police chief in Greeland , New Hampshire has been shot to death He planned to retire in a few days Greenland is a town 3,500 people located just south of Portsmouth "  This is a tragedy for our community , " official says
CNN  A former star player of its arch city rival Tottenham Hotspur returned to the Emirates Stadium to leave Arsenal 's Champions League hopes in tatters . Bulgarian international Dimitar Berbatov now plays for AS Monaco and scored the second goal in the French Ligue 1 side 's shock 3-1 win in the last 16 , first leg tie Wednesday . On a night of upsets , Hakan Calhanoglu 's sublime second half strike gave Bayer Leverkusen a 1-0 home leg win over last season 's finalists Atletico Madrid . Spanish title holder Atletico also had Tiago sent off for a second yellow card late in the game and saw an equalizing effort from substitute Fernando Torres chalked off because it was ruled the ball had gone out of play before he scored . Tiago had been denied by home keeper Bernd Leno in the best chance of the match for the visitors . Its coach Diego Simeone summed up the match but still believes his team has a fighting chance of progressing . "  We each had a clear chance , they took theirs and we did n't . It could have been a worse result , " he said . English Premier League Arsenal was a strong favorite to progress when the draw for the knockout stage was made , but Monaco absorbed early pressure before going ahead just before halftime from a counterattack . Joao Moutinho found Geoffrey Kondogbia , whose fierce shot took a slight deflection off Per Mertesacker and flew past David Ospina in the Gunners goal . German international Mertesacker was at fault for the second just after the break as he was caught out of position and allowed Anthony Martial to find Berbatov . The striker , who played for Manchester United and Fulham after leaving Tottenham , controlled the pass instantly before firing an unstoppable shot high into the net . Trailing 2-0 Arsenal desperately sought a reply and both Olivier Giroud and Danny Welbeck were guilty of glaring misses in front of goal . Monaco also remained a threat on the break and Berbatov and the excellent Moutinho combined to set up Martial for a chance which Ospina blocked . Arsenal was given late hope when Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain scored in injury time with a curling strike from just outside the penalty area . But its chances of going through took a nosedive when Oxlade-Chamberlain turned from hero to culprit when he lost the ball on the halfway line . Winger Yannick Ferreira-Carrasco , who had come on as a late substitute for Berbatov , raced clear and scored with an emphatic strike . It left it a desperately disappointing night for Arsenal and its manager Arsene Wenger , who forged his reputation as manager of Monaco before coming to the English Premier League . And prospects for the second leg scarcely look any better , with Monaco having an excellent defensive record in the Champions League and holding three away goals . "  We are confident in our ability and we deserved to win , " Berbatov told Sky Sports . "  We wanted to win more than them and were fighting all over the pitch , " added the 34-year-old veteran . Wenger admitted that his team face an uphill battle to reach the quarterfinals with the handicap of a two-goal deficit . "  The task is massive now , the third goal makes it even more difficult but we will have a go . "	Arsenal beaten 3-1 at home by AS Monaco in Champions League Former Tottenham player Dimitar Berbatov scores second goal in shock win Last year 's finalists Atletico Madrid slips to 1-0 defeat at Bayer Leverkusen Hakan Calhanoglu scores superb second half goal for Bayer
Princeton , New Jersey  CNN  -- After the Republicans and Democrats met at the White House summit on health care , it was clear that the parties are very far away from a bipartisan agreement . Indeed , few participants walked away with the sense that they were any closer to a deal . The White House did make clear that it was willing to move forward on health care without Republican support . The choice now becomes whether Democrats should use the budget reconciliation process to pass some parts of health care legislation . According to recent reports , Democrats are considering having the House pass the bill that was already approved in the Senate and then dealing with a package of additional reforms through reconciliation . Programs that are considered under the reconciliation process are not subject to a Senate filibuster . Democrats would only need 51 votes , not 60 , to pass those parts of the bill that are included under reconciliation . Reconciliation was created through the Budget Reform Act of 1974 in an effort to streamline the budget process , strengthen the ability of Congress to make tough decisions regarding deficits , and to make legislative decision-making more efficient . Congress quickly expanded on the types of measures that could be considered under reconciliation until 1985 and 1986 , when the Senate passed rules proposed by Sen. Robert Byrd that limited what could or could not be included when using this process . Before moving forward , Democrats must consider two questions . The first is whether using reconciliation to pass health care is legitimate or an abuse of the process . Republicans have charged that this would be akin to forcing the program through the chamber rather than passing the bill through negotiation and compromise . On this question , the answer is easy . Reconciliation has been as much a part of the Senate in the past three decades as the filibuster . According to an article that was published in The New Republic , Congress passed 22 reconciliation bills between 1980 and 2008 . Many important policy changes were enacted through this process , including the Children 's Health Insurance Program , COBRA  which allows people who switch jobs to keep their health care  , student aid reform , expansions in Medicaid and several major tax cuts . NPR 's Julie Rovner reported that most of the health care reforms enacted in the past two decades have gone through reconciliation . President Ronald Reagan was one of the first presidents to make aggressive use of reconciliation when he pushed through his economic program in 1981 . Senate Majority Leader Howard Baker said then that speed had been essential because "  Every day that this is delayed makes it more difficult to pass . This is an extraordinary proposal , and these are extraordinary times . " Presidents Jimmy Carter , George H.W. Bush , Bill Clinton and George W. Bush all used reconciliation as well . It is worth noting that these presidents , particularly George W. Bush , also made use of sweeping executive power to circumvent Congress altogether . The second question is more difficult and it involves perceptions . If the Democratic leadership wants to use this tactic , they have to convince enough members of their own party that this wo n't scare off independent voters . This argument was harder to make in 2009 than in 2010 . But after a year of dealing with paralysis in the Senate and highly effective Republican obstruction , more Democrats are coming on board . The leadership must be proactive in responding to the criticism about reconciliation . They will have to explain that reconciliation is a legitimate process by pointing to the history . They will also have to connect the dots for voters frustrated with the ineffective government by explaining that the constant use of the filibuster has turned the Senate into a supermajority institution where both parties have found it extraordinarily difficult -- virtually impossible -- to pass major legislation.On this point , Republicans and Democrats actually agree . Indeed , as Democrats make this decision , Kentucky Republican Senator Jim Bunning is objecting to a unanimous consent order and single-handedly preventing the Senate from passing an important bill to assist unemployed workers . Democrats must also convince hesitant colleagues that the payoff could be greater than the cost . While , in the short-term , Republicans will complain that their opponents have rammed through social policy in some sort of unnatural procedural move , Democrats are facing these kinds of intense attacks anyway . Right now , Democrats are receiving the brunt of Republican attacks without being able to pass much legislation . If they pass health care , they will be able to respond to the arguments of the GOP , not just by complaining that Republicans obstruct everything , but by pointing to specific benefits such as lowering premiums by expanding how many people purchase coverage and bringing tens of millions of Americans into the health care system . In certain respects , the White House made the use of reconciliation more difficult by initially accepting the notion that 60 votes were needed to pass legislation through the Senate . After the election of Sen. Scott Brown , R-Massachusetts , a decision to refocus on procedures that only depend on 51 votes makes it more vulnerable to the attacks of manipulating the process . But in other respects , the administration now has a better political opportunity to use reconciliation . After a year , the public has seen just how dysfunctional Senate procedures can be in an era when filibusters are common . With a public that is frustrated by Washington , as the polls show , the Democrats might be able to persuade a sufficient number of their colleagues to go along . If they do n't , one thing is for certain : Democrats will go into election day facing voters who are hearing all the complaints about their party but seeing very little in terms of what they can deliver on health care . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian E. Zelizer .	Democrats are considering using method to pass health bill with 50 , not 60 Senate votes Julian Zelizer says the process has been used many times in recent decades He says Democrats have difficult political choice of whether to move ahead Zelizer : If they do n't , they will be on the defensive anyway and have no accomplishment
CNN  -- Two international staffers supporting the peacekeeping mission in the volatile Sudanese region of Darfur were kidnapped Saturday morning , a spokesman for the peacekeeping force told CNN . Soldiers with the United Nations Assistance Mission in Darfur  UNAMID  pictured in June . The man and the woman , whose identities and nationalities were withheld , worked for UNAMID , a U.N. and African Union force designated to keep peace in Darfur . "  Our people have been able to establish contact with the people responsible for the abduction , " said UNAMID spokesman Noureddine Mezni , but he declined to identify the abductors . The organization is "  asking for their immediate release , " Mezni added . The peacekeeping force began operations in Darfur in December 2007 and is expected to remain there until July 2010 , according to UNAMID 's Web site . As of July 31 its force is comprised of more than 13,000 troops from 39 countries . As of June 30 , 999 international civilian personnel were on staff , according to the site . The United Nations estimates that 300,000 people have been killed in the conflict in Darfur , and 2.5 million have been forced to flee their homes . Sudan denies the death toll is that high . The violence in Darfur erupted in 2003 after rebels began an uprising against the Sudanese government . To counter the rebels , Arab militias with ties to the Sudanese government went from village to village in Darfur , killing , torturing and raping residents there , according to the United Nations , Western governments and human rights organizations . The militias targeted civilian members of tribes from which the rebels drew strength . CNN 's Ben Brumfield contributed to this report	United Nations estimates 300,000 people have been killed in the conflict in Darfur Force began operations in Darfur in December 2007 , expected to remain till 2010 Violence erupted in 2003 after rebels began uprising against Sudanese government
CNN  -- As the Curiosity rover begins its exciting trek across the surface of Mars and up the dramatic peak of Mt. Sharp it is important to realize that the plans for this great success were incubated and acted upon more than 10 years ago . Exploration like this is not for the faint of heart -- it takes time and persistence . So what 's next ? What is in the funded pipeline now that will be revolutionizing our understanding of life in the solar system 10 or even 20 years from now ? The short answer is -- nothing . Curiosity is it . After Curiosity there is , at present , no other mission in production that will explore potentially habitable worlds beyond Earth . But where do we want to go ? Where do we hope we 'll be ? Along with continuing our exploration of Mars there are several moons of Jupiter and Saturn that we think might be good places for life . These moons -- worlds with names like Europa , Enceladus , and Titan -- are covered with solid water ice , beneath which we have very good reason to believe that vast liquid water oceans exist . And when I say liquid water I mean good old-fashioned H2O ; if you drank this stuff it would probably taste similar to a big gulp of salty ocean water from our ocean here on Earth . These are oceans that exist today and have likely been in existence for much of the history of the solar system . Why is this important ? Well , if we 've learned anything about life on Earth it 's that where you find liquid water you generally find life . These moons have lots and lots of water and they could be great homes for alien ecosystems  note that when I say "  alien ecosystems " I 'm referring primarily to microbes and simple life forms . As much as I 'd love to discover creatures like those seen in the movie The Abyss , I 'll be happy just to find a considerable speck of a microbe ! One moon in particular -- Jupiter 's moon Europa -- may have the perfect combination of liquid water and the chemistry needed for life . Europa is about the size of our Moon and beneath its icy shell Europa harbors a global liquid water ocean of roughly 100 km in depth  by comparison , Earth 's ocean has an average depth of 4 km and a maximum depth of 11 km  . The ocean of Europa contains about 2-3 times the volume of all the liquid water on Earth . It 's an ocean that 's there today and has likely been in existence for much of the 4.6 billion years of our Solar System 's history . As such , Europa provides an incredibly compelling place to go to search for a second , independent origin of life and it 's a place where we might find lifeforms that are alive now , today . This is important for two reasons . First , we need to know if the origin of life is easy or hard . Does life arise wherever the conditions are right or is it a rare occurrence in our Universe ? Second , all life on Earth -- from microbes to man -- runs on the same fundamental biochemistry of DNA , RNA , and proteins . See also : The search for dark matter We want to probe the question of whether or not there exists another way to get the "  business " of life done . Is there another game in town beyond the biochemistry we see here on Earth ? By going to Europa we can address both of these fundamental questions . Mars may have once been habitable but on Mars we are looking for signs of life trapped in the rocks  essentially molecular fossils of microbes  . In addition , Mars and the Earth are so close that asteroid impacts in the past might have seeded either world with life from the other . Europa is likely too far away for this kind of interplanetary "  seeding . " More : What we 've done on Mars , and what 's next Why do we even think that life could exist on Europa ? Here 's where the exploration of our own ocean serves as an important guide . For much of human history we have focused on discovering new lands and exploring continents . For the most part , we 've only skimmed across the top of the ocean . But in the spring of 1977 explorers cruising the dark depths of our ocean discovered that active geological regions on the ocean 's floor -- known as hydrothermal vents -- were home to vibrant ecosystems of organisms large and small . These are ecosystems that thrive despite the tremendous pressure , and despite the lack of energy directly from the Sun . The base of the foodchain down there is not photosynthesis but rather chemosynthesis , since the microbes are deriving energy from the chemistry of the hydrothermal vents fluid . The discovery of ecosystems in the deepest parts of our ocean is continuing to change our understanding of habitable environments here on Earth , and also of potentially habitable environments beyond Earth . On Europa we expect that the temperature , pressure , and chemistry of the seafloor might not be that different from our own ocean 's seafloor . In the decades to come our pipeline of exploration must include rigorous exploration of our own ocean so as to better understand the fundamental geological and biological cycles here on Earth . This research has the added benefit of feeding forward into our efforts to explore potentially habitable oceans in the far reaches of our solar system . But some may ask : Why ? Why do these things ? Granted , this is not going to change the way you make your coffee in the morning . Sure , there are spinoff technologies and many jobs created but that is not at the heart of why we do these things . The drumbeat of human civilization is the pursuit of new knowledge . We explore , we discover , and we advance . From fundamental research on cancer to revolutionizing our understanding of the universe , it is not an either/or : we must do it all . Anything less is a sign that our priorities as a race have been hijacked by agendas beneath our potential . As has become a refrain in my community , the drumbeat continues and we echo the wise words of Teddy Roosevelt : Dare mighty things . Read more about space and science on CNN 's Light Years blog The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Kevin Peter Hand .	Moons Europa , Enceladus , and Titan are covered with solid water ice Scientist Kevin Peter Hand says there could be vast liquid water oceans underneath the ice These oceans could be great homes for alien ecosystems , says Hand Exploring Earth 's oceans might help us understand fundamental geological and biological cycles
CNN  Former supermodel Janice Dickinson accused Bill Cosby of sexual assault , telling "  Entertainment Tonight " in an interview aired on Tuesday that the comedian raped her . Dickinson is the latest of a handful of women who have accused Cosby of sexual assault -- allegations the comedian has repeatedly said are untrue . He has never been prosecuted . In the interview , Dickinson claims Cosby assaulted her in 1982 after the two had dinner in Lake Tahoe . She alleges he gave her a pill and a glass of red wine shortly before she passed out . "  The last thing I remember was Bill Cosby in a patchwork robe , dropping his robe and getting on top of me . And I remember a lot of pain , " she said . Cosby attorney Martin Singer called Dickinson 's story "  a lie " and said it contradicts her own autobiography and a 2002 interview she did with the New York Observer . "  That interview a dozen years ago said , ` she did n't want to go to bed with him and he blew her off , ' " Singer 's statement said Wednesday . "  The only story she gave 12 years ago to the media and in her autobiography was that she refused to sleep with Mr. Cosby and he blew her off . Documentary proof and Ms. Dickinson 's own words show that her new story about something she now claims happened back in 1982 is a fabricated lie . " Dickinson did not return a call from CNN seeking comment . Rape allegations haunt Cosby in the digital age Since 2005 , a handful of women have made the claims . This year , the accusations resurfaced , and earlier this month , a seemingly harmless post on Cosby 's Twitter account turned them into a social media storm . In its wake , one of his accusers , Barbara Bowman , turned to the public once more with an article in The Washington Post and interviews with CNN . Bowman claims she was drugged , then raped , though she said she never saw drugs . "  I woke up out of a very confused state not in my clothes , " she said . Bowman said she knew her body had been touched without her permission . This occurred several times in the course of their contact , she said . On Saturday , NPR broadcast an awkward interview with Cosby in which he did n't utter a word when repeatedly asked about the claims about him . NPR host Scott Simon filled the airtime by saying Cosby was just "  shaking his head no . " CNN 's Jethro Mullen and Eliott C. McLaughlin contributed to this report .	Bill Cosby 's attorney calls ex-supermodel 's claim of being raped "  a fabricated lie " Janice Dickinson tells "  Entertainment Tonight " that Cosby drugged , raped her in 1982 Cosby has repeatedly said sexual assault allegations against him are untrue Dickinson alleges the assault occurred after Cosby gave her a pill and a glass of wine
CNN  -- Inter Milan coach Jose Mourinho will be banned for the next three Italian Serie A games following a gesture he made during Saturday 's controversial 0-0 draw against Sampdoria . League leaders Inter had two players sent off , while Sampdoria also had a man dismissed in a fiery encounter at the San Siro . Is your boss a "  Special One ? " Former Chelsea coach Mourinho was seen to cross his arms in the manner of being handcuffed -- a gesture aimed to suggest that Inter were being victimized by match officials -- after the first-half dismissals of defenders Ivan Cordoba and Walter Samuel . Mourinho , who has also been handed a $ 55,000 fine for the gesture , is now bannded from the touchline for the matches against Udinese , Genoa and Catania as Inter try to hold off the challenge of a rampant Roma side at the top of the table . To add to Inter 's problems , Esteban Cambiasso and Sulley Muntari were handed two-game bans for their behavior towards match officials after the game , joining Samuel and Cordoba on the suspended list . The controversy comes just 48 hours before Inter host Mourinho 's former club Chelsea in the last 16 of the Champions League -- the first time he has come face-to-face with the Londoners since his dismissal in September 2007 .	Inter Milan coach Jose Mourinho will be banned for the next three Serie A games It follows a ` handcuff ' gesture made during the 0-0 draw with Sampdoria Leaders Inter had two players sent off in the first half of a stormy encounter
CNN  -- The Army announced Tuesday that a sergeant first class assigned to an assault prevention program at Fort Hood , Texas , is under investigation for sexual assault . The soldier , who was not named in an Army statement , has been suspended from all duties . Specifically , the soldier is under investigation for "  pandering , abusive sexual contact , assault and maltreatment of subordinates , " the statement said . Special agents from the U.S. Army Criminal Investigation Command are conducting the probe . No charges have been filed . "  This is so contrary to everything upon which the Army was built , " Secretary of the Army John McHugh said during testimony before the House Appropriations Committee Defense subcommittee , according to the statement . "  To see this kind of activity happening in our ranks is really heart-wrenching and sickening . " McHugh spoke generally about sex abuse crimes in the military . Army investigates trend in military sexual assaults "  As I said to our new Brigadier General Corps when I spoke to them about two weeks ago , ` You can do everything from this point forward in your military career perfectly , but if you fail on this , you have failed the Army ' , " he reportedly said . The solider was assigned as a Sexual Harassment/Assault Response and Prevention program coordinator when the allegations surfaced . "  There is a distinct possibility , " that some sort of prostitution-related activity was involved , an administration official told CNN . But investigators have not yet determined the scope of that possibility or the potential criminal misconduct . Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel was made aware of the case earlier Tuesday . He met with McHugh and directed him to ensure that "  all of those who might be involved are dealt with appropriately , " according to Pentagon spokesman George Little . "  I can not convey strongly enough his frustration , anger and disappointment over these troubling allegations and the breakdown in discipline and standards they imply , " Little said about his boss . "  To address the broader concerns that have arisen out of these allegations and other recent events , Secretary Hagel is directing all the services to retrain , recredential , and rescreen all sexual assault prevention and response personnel and military recruiters , " he said . After sex assault case , Hagel seeks changes to military legal process According to a Pentagon report released last week , the number of service members anonymously reporting a sexual assault grew by more than 30 % in the past two years . The Defense Department estimated that more than 26,000 troops experienced an episode of "  unwanted sexual contact , " a huge jump from 19,300 in the 2010 report . The actual number of sexual crimes reported in fiscal year 2012 was 3,374 , a 6 % increase over the previous year , the report said . Military officials worry that many victims do n't come forward because they fear retaliation . But the numbers might indicate that more victims are willing to report crimes than in the past . "  I am outraged and disgusted by the reports out of Fort Hood today , " said House Armed Services Committee Chairman Howard P. "  Buck " McKeon , calling them the "  latest chapter in a long , sordid history of sexual abuse " in the military . The California Republican has a granddaughter in the Army . "  I see no meaningful distinction between complacency or complicity in the military 's latest failure to uphold their own standards of conduct . Nor do I see a distinction between the service member who orchestrated this offense and the chain of command that was either oblivious to or tolerant of criminal behavior , " he said . Military rape victims : Stop blaming us The allegations of abuse come soon after an Air Force officer was charged with sexual battery stemming from an incident in Northern Virginia . Lt. Col. Jeffrey Krusinski , a 1994 graduate of the Air Force Academy who served tours in both Iraq and Afghanistan , was arrested this month and accused of grabbing a woman 's buttocks and breasts in a parking lot in Arlington County not far from the Pentagon . He had been in charge of a military unit aimed at preventing sexual assault . Krusinski , who has since been removed from that position , made an initial court appearance last week . He did not enter a plea . "  To say this report is disturbing would be a gross understatement . For the second time in a week , we are seeing someone who is supposed to be preventing sexual assault being investigated for committing that very act , " said U.S. Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand , D-New York . She plans to unveil legislation this week that would remove chain of command influence from the prosecution of such offenses . "  We have the best and the brightest serving in our military . We have the greatest military in the world . And we ask everything of them . We ask them to even die for their country . We should not be allowing them to be subject to sexual assault and rape , " said Gillibrand . After top Air Force officer charged in sex assault , military faces questions CNN 's Barbara Starr , Larry Shaughnessy , Steve Almasy and Ashley Fantz contributed to this report .	NEW : Prostitution-related activity may have been involved , says an official Service members anonymously reporting a sexual assault grew by more than 30 % "  No meaningful distinction between complacency or complicity , " says Rep. McKeon Soldier was assigned to a sexual harassment and assault response program
EW.com  -- Huge "  Vampire Diaries " news : The CW is officially developing a spinoff for the Thursday hit and you 're going to have a chance to see the pilot . After years of rumors about extending the supernatural franchise , The CW has decided to launch a backdoor pilot for a spinoff within the show 's current fourth season . The story centers around the original family of vampires and stars Joseph Morgan  Klaus  . In the episode , Klaus "  returns to the supernatural melting pot that is the French Quarter of New Orleans -- a town he helped build centuries ago -- and is reunited with his diabolical former protégé Marcel . Phoebe Tonkin , who plays sexy werewolf Hayley on "  TVD , " is also set to star . The episode airs April 25 . The working title of the spinoff is "  The Originals . " ` Star Wars ' TV series ? ABC says ... "  Vampire Diaries " executive producer Julie Plec will write the episode and serve as showrunner on the new project if it earns a series order . Leslie Morgenstein and Gina Girolamo will also serve as executive producers . "  Vampire Diaries " showrunner Kevin Williamson , who also has his upcoming Fox show "  The Following , " is not involved with the spinoff . ` Survivor : Caramoan ' : It 's Fans vs. Faves ! The show is produced by Alloy Entertainment in association with Warner Bros. . Television and CBS Television Studios . See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The CW is officially developing a spinoff for "  Vampire Diaries " The story centers around the original family of vampires and stars Joseph Morgan  Klaus Phoebe Tonkin , who plays sexy werewolf Hayley on "  TVD , " is also set to star
Donetsk , Ukraine  CNN  -- More death and violence were reported in eastern Ukraine on Sunday , as some investigators stood ready but were unable to go to the crash site of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 , downed more than a week ago . At least 13 people , including two children , were killed in fighting on Sunday between pro-Russian rebels and Ukraine government forces in and near the Ukrainian city of Horlivka , according to the Donetsk Regional Authority , citing preliminary information from the local health care department . Ukraine separatists are using Grad rockets on residential areas of Horlivka , according to Ukraine 's Counter-Terrorist Operations Press Center in a statement . Ukraine 's military does not use artillery fire inside city centers to avoid civilian casualties , the statement said . Horlivka is surrounded by government forces . Pro-Russian militant commander OE Khasanov responded to CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh 's questions about the attacks in Horlivka by saying that the separatists are defending the city . At least 332 Ukrainian soldiers have been killed and nearly 1,300 have been injured since April 7 , according to Ukraine 's National Defense and Security Council and law enforcement agencies . There is no known figure for the number of separatists killed . Crash site remains ` still under control of terrorists ' Sunday 's bloodshed comes more than a week after the Malaysia Airlines Flight went down July 17 in eastern Ukraine . All 298 on board were killed . Though some investigators from the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe have been at the scene , Malaysian investigators have n't been able to access the entire crash site , officials said Sunday . Malaysia has struck an agreement with pro-Russian separatists in the area to allow international police to protect investigators , Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak said Sunday , through a statement from his office . But he said he is "  deeply concerned " those investigators still are not on scene due to the "  volatile security situation . " He implored that "  the human remains are removed from the site , identified and repatriated . "  Everyone who was on board MH17 must be afforded proper dignity and respect , " he said . Forty-three of the people on MH17 were Malaysian , including two infants and 15 crew members . The crash site remained Sunday "  still under control of terrorists , " Andriy Lysenko , the spokesman for Ukraine 's National Security and Defense Council told reporters . The OSCE deputy mission head , Alexander Hug , told reporters that the team stopped on the road to the crash site because they heard and saw the impact of artillery . He said it was unclear who was firing . The OSCE has been in contact with the separatists and the government to take another try at reaching the site Monday , he said . Hug said rebels have offered a train to transport bodies that the investigators find at the scene . Dutch investigators -- among them a team of 30 forensic experts -- are remaining for the moment in the city of Donetsk , which is about 75 kilometers  50 miles  from Hrabove . Some 40 Dutch police officers are also positioned in Donetsk for now . About two-thirds of the people who died in the plane crash , 193 of the 298 , were from the Netherlands . Russian team ready to join probe Russia announced it had formed a team to join the investigation , state-run news agency RIA Novosti reported . It will be led by the deputy head of the Federal Air Transport Agency , Oleg Storchevoy . Russia has continued to increase its military presence near its border with Ukraine , the National Defense and Security Council press office said earlier Sunday . It said two convoys were spotted moving toward a Russian town near southeastern Ukraine . Ukrainian forces are trying to encircle militants in Horlivka and cut off their communication with Donetsk , the press office said , hours before news emerged Sunday of victims killed in fighting . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry has urged Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov to stop the flow of heavy weapons and rocket and artillery fire from Russia into Ukraine and to start de-escalating the conflict , a senior State Department official told CNN on Sunday . Kerry did not accept Lavrov 's denial that heavy weapons from Russia were contributing to the conflict , the official said . On Sunday , the U.S. State Department released satellite images from the office of the Director of National Intelligence that it said show Russians firing into Ukraine . Senior White House adviser Ben Rhodes , in an interview with CNN , said that the images confirm "  what we have been saying publicly for several days . " "  We are putting out evidence to confirm the points that not only has Russia been providing the weapons across the border , including heavy weapons , " said Rhodes , "  but they have also now been firing artillery barrages across the border . " The separatists are "  Russian proxies , " he said . On July 16 , the United States imposed its harshest sanctions yet on Russia over its annexation of Crimea , and what the Obama administration said was Russia 's failure to end the Ukraine conflict . Obama expanded sanctions on two banks , Gazprom Bank and VEB ; and two energy companies , Novotek and Rosneft . The institutions will not be able to get important financing in the United States . The administration banned American business contacts for eight Russian arms companies that make weapons , including small arms , mortars and surface-to-air missiles , including the Kalashnikov Concern , maker of the AK-47 and other weapons . Those sanctions have "  driven down forecast of Russia 's growth rate to near zero , " Rhodes said Sunday . But the measures have "  not been enough to change " Putin 's "  calculus " about "  weapons going across the border . " "  That is why we 've said to Europe and our allies that we need to impose additional costs , " Rhodes told CNN . Earlier this year , Europe , which imports nearly 30 % of its energy from Russia , joined the United States in imposing limited sanctions . CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh in Donetsk , journalist Victoria Butenko in Kiev and CNN 's Ray Sanchez and Radina Gigova contributed to this report . CNN 's Ashley Fantz wrote this story in Atlanta .	13 people , including two children , were killed in fighting , officials say Violence on Sunday prevented teams from going to MH17 crash site Ukraine claims Russia sending more troops to towns near border
KEY WEST , Florida  CNN  -- The USNS General Hoyt S. Vandenberg , a retired U.S. Navy warship , embarked on a sedentary new career Wednesday on the floor of the Gulf of Mexico . The USNS Vandenberg was intentionally sunk Wednesday to create an artificial reef for marine life . The decommissioned warship was scuttled in the Florida Keys National Marine Sanctuary between 10:20 a.m. and 10:30 a.m. ET to become the world 's second-largest artificial coral reef . The 17,250-ton ship sank in less than two minutes , said Andy Newman , spokesman for the Florida Keys Tourism Council . It is resting about 140 feet below the surface , but much of its bulk is only 40 to 70 feet below the surface . "  It went down like a rock , " he told CNN . "  Everything looked very , very smooth . " About 300 boats positioned themselves as close as possible to the site , and cheers went up when the Vandenberg slipped beneath the water seven miles south of Key West , the spokesman said . Watch the Vandenberg sink " Newman , who was circling in a helicopter above the 522-foot-long ship , said the Vandenberg appeared to rest in a level position on the Gulf floor . Divers were to assess its position Wednesday . Authorities said once final assessments of the ship are made , divers can begin exploring . The goal of the $ 8.6 million project is to divert fishing and diving pressure away from natural reefs , according to the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission . The commission "  estimates that the vessel 's life span of at least 100 years will contribute stable , long-term habitat for scores of marine fish species , and provide exceptional diving and fishing opportunities for Florida residents and visitors , " its Web site says . To sink the Vandenberg , holes were made above the waterline in the side of the ship and throughout various decks , Newman said . Explosive charges were embedded in the bilge area below the water . The explosives detonated inside the hull , blowing outward . The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration projects that the Vandenberg artificial reef will result in an annual increase of about $ 7.5 million in expenditures in the economy of Monroe County , which includes Key West . Sinkthevandenberg.com -- a joint effort by Artificial Reefs of the Keys and Valeo Films -- had offered a live , online stream of the event , but the system apparently was overloaded , making the site inaccessible . The Vandenberg was built at the Kaiser shipyard in Richmond , California , in 1943 . It was commissioned as a World War II troop transport ship . After Japan surrendered , the Vandenberg was the first Navy ship to return to New York Harbor . During the 1950s the ship was used to transport refugees from Europe and Australia to America . In the 1960s the Air Force used the Vandenberg to track missiles . It also was used to track rockets and early space shuttle launches . The ship was decommissioned in 1986 and was anchored with more than 25 other mothballed ships in Norfolk , Virginia . The Vandenberg was towed to Key West last month . The Vandenberg was chosen from among 400 decommissioned military vessels mainly based on appearance : "  her topside structure , her smooth , interesting hull lines , big girth and her starring role in a motion picture , " Newman said . The ship was featured in the 1999 movie "  Virus , " starring Donald Sutherland and Jamie Lee Curtis . Four men who had served on the Vandenberg traveled to Key West to see the ship go to its final resting place . Patrick Utecht worked for more than 20 years as a civilian contractor on the Vandenberg when it was used for missile and radar tracking and data collection . When he heard about its future as part of an artificial reef , Utecht said , "  My feeling was one of elation . " "  I can say that many of us -LSB- crew members -RSB- were thrilled that where she was going , she would keep her name and place in history . " "  I think it 's a far better use of her than being cut up , " he added . The largest ship ever scuttled to create an artificial reef was the decommissioned aircraft carrier USS Oriskany , which sank to the bottom of the Gulf of Mexico off the Florida coast in 2006 , according to the U.S. Navy . The former warship slipped under the water about 24 miles south of Pensacola , Florida , the Navy says on its Web site . The Oriskany was 888 feet long , and weighed 32,000 tons . It sank in water about 212 feet deep .	A decommissioned U.S. Navy warship was intentionally sunk off the Florida Keys The USNS Vandenberg will become the world 's second-largest artificial reef The sunken ship will create a long-term habitat for scores of marine fish species The ship was built in 1943 and commissioned as a WWII troop transport ship
CNN  -- A 17-year-old girl died after a haunted hayride flipped over in Maine , police said Sunday . The teen was airlifted to a hospital after the accident Saturday night , Central Maine Medical Center spokesman Chuck Gill said . More than 20 other people were injured , CNN affiliate WMTW reported . The accident happened during what 's called The Gauntlet , a spooky hayride through forest that includes "  things that jump and scream in the night . " The activity is part of Pumpkin Land , a venue featuring a variety of Halloween-themed activities in Mechanic Falls , about 30 miles north of Portland . The 17-year-old who died was on the ride with other students from Messalonskee High School in Oakland , Maine , according to WMTW . Investigators say they think a mechanical problem prevented a Jeep that was towing a tractor-trailer from stopping , WMTW reported , citing the state fire marshal 's office . The Jeep went off the road , careened down a hill and slammed into a tree in a heavily wooded area around 8:30 p.m. Saturday , the CNN affiliate said . Authorities have impounded the Jeep and are investigating what caused the crash . CNN 's Greg Botelho , Kristina Sgueglia and David Shortell contributed to this report .	The accident killed a 17-year-old high school student , officials say More than 20 others were injured , a CNN affiliate reports Authorities are investigating the cause of the accident
CNN  -- If you 're cursing Mother Nature right now , we understand . The official start of spring was March 20 , and yet signs of winter abound . There 's snow on the ground in the North , and the South is being tossed between 40-degree and 70-degree weather like a pingpong ball . Yet "  even in the throes of what feels like a 2014 Ice Age , millions of Americans have begun showing up in doctors ' offices with the tell-tale signs of allergies , " the Asthma and Allergy Foundation of America says . Fantastic . Polar vortex may mean miserable allergy season It may be even worse for allergy sufferers in certain cities across the country . The foundation has released its annual list of the worst places for spring allergies . Topping the list this year are Louisville , Kentucky ; Memphis , Tennessee ; and Baton Rouge , Louisiana . These so-called allergy capitals are ranked based on pollen levels , use of allergy medications and the number of board-certified allergists in the area . Louisville has moved up the list from No. 5 last year because of higher-than-average pollen counts , high use of allergy medications and too few allergy specialists , according to the foundation . New York ; Columbia , South Carolina ; and San Antonio are new to the top 20 . Only Los Angeles residents can breathe a sigh of relief ; the city fell 39 places from No. 38 last year to No. 77 this year . Here are the worst cities for spring allergies in 2014 : 1 . Louisville , Kentucky 2 . Memphis , Tennessee 3 . Baton Rouge , Louisiana 4 . Oklahoma City 5 . Jackson , Mississippi 6 . Chattanooga , Tennessee 7 . Dallas 8 . Richmond , Virginia 9 . Birmingham , Alabama 10 . McAllen , Texas Why , you may ask , would lingering winter weather affect spring allergy season ? Where do allergies come from ? "  Allergy and asthma patients already have a chronic sensitivity to things like pollen , mold and other airborne allergens , but they can also be more susceptible to rapid changes in temperature and moisture , " Dr. Clifford Bassett , medical director of Allergy and Asthma Care of NY and an ambassador for the Asthma and Allergy Foundation of America , said in a statement . "  A blending of the winter and spring means these patients are at risk of multiple symptoms simultaneously . " And in case you were keeping a close eye on this type of thing , here is last year 's list of spring "  allergy capitals " : 1 . Jackson , Mississippi 2 . Knoxville , Tennessee 3 . Chattanooga , Tennessee 4 . McAllen , Texas 5 . Louisville , Kentucky 6 . Wichita , Kansas 7 . Dayton , Ohio 8 . Memphis , Tennessee 9 . Oklahoma City 10 . Baton Rouge , Louisiana 10 allergens you 've never heard of	Louisville , Kentucky , tops the list of the worst cities for allergy sufferers Texas and Tennessee both have three cities in the list 's top 20 The blend of winter and spring weather may make allergies worse
CNN  -- Helpless . Hopeless . That 's how witnesses described feeling after three people slipped into the foamy waters of the Big Sioux River , in the middle of a Sioux Falls park . The youngest of three -- a 6-year-old boy -- was able to escape the frigid waters alive . But the other two people -- one of them his sister -- who went after him did not survive . "  These people literally jumped in without thinking of their own safety and trying to rescue that child , " Sioux Falls fire Chief Jim Sideras said . The drama unfolded Thursday evening amidst the 123 acres of Falls Park , which is named -- like the city of Sioux Falls itself -- for the series of picturesque Big Sioux River waterfalls that run through it . According to Sioux Falls police Chief Doug Barthel , the boy had gone into the several-feet-high foam often generated there by the river , and perhaps into the water itself . His sister , who Barthel identified as 16-year-old Madison Wallace , at one point went in after him and ended up falling into the surging water . A bystander , 28-year-old Lyle Eagletail , then went into the river trying to help , said the police chief . He , too , was sucked in -- but not before others at the scene did what they could to save him . One of those who tried was Napoleon Ducheneaux . His shirt muddy , he told CNN affiliate KSFY on Thursday how he and two others had grabbed hold of the man who 'd fallen into the river . "  We had him ... but he just slipped , " Ducheneaux said . "  I heard him say , ` Hold onto me , I 'll hold onto you . ' That was the last I heard his voice . " Matthew Krier shared Ducheneaux 's sense of helplessness about not being able to do more . "  Hopeless , I felt hopeless , " Krier , who watched the scene unfold from a nearby bridge , told KSFY . "  I wish there was something I could have done . " Authorities from various agencies converged on the scene , their task of finding the two people complicated by zero visibility in the cold , fast-moving , debris-filled waters . Heavy machinery was brought in to break up and remove ice from the river , so that boats and divers could get in , Sideras explained . New water heading into the river was shut off Thursday night , slowing down its flow , but the task nonetheless remained difficult . "  Everybody here is essentially eyes on the water , " said the fire chief . "  We 're looking for something maybe as small as a knee , a patch of clothing . " During the day Friday , the rescuers found the body of the rescued boy 's sister . Sideras said he talked with her father afterward . "  They are all in a state of shock , " the fire chief said . "  Our prayers are with them , and we 're just trying to help them cope as best we can . " That left authorities with one more person to find . While there 's a limited area as to where he may be , that does n't necessarily mean his body will be easy to spot . "  It 's still going to be an issue of where we 're going to find him , " Sideras said . Water safety expert : ` Drowning does n't just happen '	A 6-year-old boy and two others fall into waters in a Sioux Falls park The boy is rescued , but the two others -- one of them his sister -- are n't Authorities find the sister 's body Friday ; they 're still looking for the man "  Everybody here is essentially eyes on the water , " a fire chief says of the search
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- Mourners paid respect Thursday to victims of a government crackdown in Iran following last year 's disputed presidential elections , as security forces kept a close watch . It was the last Thursday before the start of the Persian new year , a day on which Iranians traditionally visit the grave sites of loved ones . At the Beheshteh Zara cemetery in southern Tehran , the mourners included several who paid respects to Neda Soltan , a 26-year-old woman whose death last year became emblematic of a harsh government response to protests that followed the June 12 vote . Soltan became known simply as "  Neda " after a video camera captured her final moments on June 20 ; she was shot to death during a post-election protest . Iran has been wracked by anti-government demonstrations since the disputed presidential vote resulted in hardline President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's re-election . Special coverage : Protests in Iran The government has beefed up security to ensure "  order and calm " during the two-week period celebrating Norooz , a holiday that begins with the first day of spring and the Persian new year . Authorities have stationed 200,000 security personnel across the country , according to Ahmadinejad 's official news site . In Beheshteh Zara , members of the security forces in plainclothes watched parts of the cemetery where post-election protesters are buried . A person in plainclothes quietly instructed people to pay their respects at Soltan 's grave site and leave . Another person in plainclothes videotaped people at her grave site . Meanwhile , Mehdi and Zahra Ramezani visited the grave site of their son , Ramin , who was killed on June 15 . "  People are kind to come here , " Mehdi Ramezani said . "  I am thankful for the people who remember my son . "	Iran by wracked by dissent since disputed presidential vote last June Results led to hardline President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's re-election Neda Soltan became emblematic of harsh government response after she was shot dead Mourners paid respects to Neda at Beheshteh Zara cemetery in southern Tehran
CNN  -- CNN 's Dr. Sanjay Gupta was near the scene of a small plane crash Saturday afternoon on the campus of the University of Florida . Maj. Brad Barber of the University of Florida Police Department told Gupta the plane had been carrying a banner above the area around the school 's football stadium . According to Barber , the plane crash-landed into a truck parked adjacent to a field being used by tailgaters before Florida 's football game against the University of Arkansas . No one on the ground was hit or injured , and the pilot and passenger -- who emerged from the cockpit under their own power -- were taken to a local hospital with minor injuries , Gupta said . Alachua County Fire Chief Mike Cowart told CNN the plane had mechanical problems and attempted an emergency landing in Flavet Field just hours before the scheduled kickoff .	A small plane crashes into parking lot before the University of Florida football game CNN 's Sanjay Gupta was nearby Craft had been carrying a banner near football stadium Gupta : Pilot , passenger receive minor injuries
Washington  CNN  -- He 's the leader of the Department of Veterans Affairs , which runs the VA hospitals where dozens of U.S. veterans died waiting for simple medical screenings . Yet in the six months that CNN has been reporting on these delays , Eric Shinseki has been silent . And he has n't spoken out on the matter to any other news organization , either . Early Friday evening -- after this story appeared on CNN.com -- the VA gave a response , via spokesman Drew Brookie . He explained that the VA 's inspector general 's office  referred to as OIG  , which is probing the matter , "  advised VA against providing information that could potentially compromise their ongoing investigation at the Phoenix VA Health Care system . " "  Accordingly , VA may not be able to respond with respect to specific inquiries that may fall within the bounds of the OIG investigation on this subject , " Brookie said . "  VA will work with OIG to ensure that any information provided balances our need to keep the public informed with the obligation to preserve the integrity of the OIG 's investigation . " We first began examining the delays in appointments and care for veterans last fall , and immediately reached out for an interview with Secretary Shinseki on November 12 . Our initial report on delays in care at VA hospitals in Georgia and South Carolina published a week later . Since then , we 've submitted numerous written requests and last month we verbally requested an interview with Shinseki at an April 9 House hearing on the delays prompted in part by CNN 's reporting . Most recently , we started looking into the Phoenix VA , where sources told us that the hospital concocted an elaborate scheme to cover up long wait times there . The sources said more than 1,400 vets were placed on the purported secret list and that documents were shredded to hide the evidence . According to sources , at least 40 U.S veterans died waiting for care at the facility , many of whom were on the list . According to CNN 's sources and documents , more than 120 veterans -- including the 40 in Phoenix -- have died , are dying or have suffered serious injuries waiting for care at VA facilities . The VA has acknowledged that 23 veterans have died as a result of delayed care in recent years . Our requests for interviews with Arizona officials were repeatedly denied , until finally the local top VA officials in Phoenix agreed to an interview on Tuesday -- nearly a week after our initial story aired on CNN 's AC360 and CNN.com . The Arizona officials told CNN Tuesday they had never instructed their staff to create a secret list , or to maintain a secret list , or to shred any evidence , and they said they never issued any instructions about it to their staffs . They acknowledged an electronic waiting list for veterans but said there may have been confusion among their staff about how it worked . They admitted some patients on the waiting list have died , but that they said they do not know if those deaths were tied to delays . CNN 's exclusive investigation quickly drew attention in Washington : on Monday -- a day before the Phoenix VA officials agreed to speak to us -- President Barack Obama announced he has called for an investigation into what has happened in Phoenix . Shinseki issued a written statement Thursday , announcing that the director of the Phoenix Veterans Affairs Health Care system and two others have been placed on administrative leave amid claims of a secret waiting list and claims that 40-plus veterans died waiting for care . "  We believe it is important to allow an independent , objective review to proceed , " Shinseki wrote . " ... These allegations , if true , are absolutely unacceptable and if the Inspector General 's investigation substantiates these claims , swift and appropriate action will be taken . " Still , Shinseki has refused all CNN requests for an interview . Shinseki has served as VA secretary since 2009 , appointed by President Obama who hailed him as someone who "  always stood on principle . " The former Army Chief of Staff under the Bush administration earned high praise among Iraq war critics for his testimony before the Senate Armed Services committee one month before the U.S. invasion into Iraqi , saying he believed "  several hundred thousand troops " would be needed to keep order in a post-invasion Iraq . That was more than double the number of forces the Pentagon had estimated . "  No one will ever doubt that this former Army chief of staff has the courage to stand up for our troops and our veterans , " Obama said when he nominated Shinseki to the post . January : Veterans dying because of health care delays January : Congress demands answers November : Georgia VA hospital apologizes November : A dire situation in South Carolina Watch Anderson Cooper 360 ° weeknights 8pm ET . For the latest from AC360 ° click here .	NEW : VA : Want to balance keeping public informed , ensuring investigation 's integrity CNN has reported dozens of veterans have died waiting for care at VA hospitals This week , sources told CNN the Phoenix VA concocted a scheme to cover up the delays Arizona VA officials have denied that
Washington  CNN  -- The man convicted of videotaping her through a hotel peephole was sentenced to two years in prison , ESPN reporter Erin Andrews said Tuesday , but in a way , she was sentenced to a lifetime of looking over her shoulder . "  The one thing that I think is very , very sad about the whole ordeal is , he 's going to jail for a little over two years , " said Andrews , who appeared with members of Congress on Tuesday in support of legislation to strengthen federal stalking laws . "  That video on the Internet will be there for the rest of my life . " Someday , she said , she will need to explain the video to her future husband and children . "  These stories are not easy to talk about , " Andrews said . "  It 's so funny . I work in the public eye . I 'm used to these cameras all the time , but it 's easier for me to talk about touchdowns and errors . ... This is not easy for me at all . " The legislation -- Simplifying the Ambiguous Law , Keeping Everyone Reliably Safe Act , or STALKERS -- was introduced in the House last week by Reps. Loretta Sanchez , D-California , and Virginia Foxx , R-North Carolina . The "  long overdue " bill is set for debate on the House floor Tuesday , Sanchez said . Stalking laws have not caught up with emerging technology , she said , and the bill will bring the laws into the present "  to give law enforcement the tools they need to combat stalking in the digital age . " The legislation would cover technologies such as electronic monitoring , spyware , bugging and video surveillance , she said . A victim presently must have a "  reasonable fear of physical injury " before a case can be prosecuted , she said , and sometimes that is too late . "  The bottom line : Stalking is about power and control , " she said . "  It 's a violation of the worst kind , and we need to put a law in place in our justice system that helps us and gives us every available tool . " Sen. Amy Klobuchar , D-Minnesota , said she plans to introduce a companion bill in the Senate and is procuring a Republican author . A former prosecutor , Klobuchar said that although stalking is "  one of the most invasive crimes , " it can be difficult to prove and tricky to prosecute . She thanked Andrews for coming forward but noted , "  there are cases like this all over the country every day " involving women who are not in the public eye . She recalled a case in Minnesota in which an online relationship soured and a man posted pictures of a woman 's children , along with their full names , addresses and telephone number , on child pornography sites , encouraging people to molest them . In March , a federal judge sentenced an Illinois man to 2 1/2 years in prison for taping Andrews in the nude through the peephole and posting the video on the Internet . Michael David Barrett , 49 , pleaded guilty to a federal stalking charge in December after prosecutors accused him of altering hotel peepholes so he could shoot video of Andrews . "  I have seen with my own eyes through firsthand experience that the laws have been taken way too lightly . They are n't clear , and they have not kept up with the technology or the time , " Andrews said , her voice shaking at times . "  At times over the past year , I have screamed . I have cried . I have said to my family , ` Why me ? Why is this happening to me ? ' " But , she said , she received "  countless letters -- I 'm still receiving them -- from women who say , ` Please go out and fight this . Please go out and show your face . ' ... I 'm showing my face . I 'm lending my voice . And I 'm here to give this law some teeth . " She said her message to victims is , "  There is hope , and there is help , and if you need help , do not be ashamed to ask for it . " The legislation increases penalties for offenses where a restraining order is in place and for offenses involving children or the elderly , lawmakers said . Currently , the federal law applies only to criminals who travel over state lines , but the new legislation will cover any conduct that criminals engage in that affects interstate commerce , Sanchez and Klobuchar said . Although most stalking cases are prosecuted at the state level , the federal law will serve as a model , they said .	Reporter joins lawmakers to support legislation The man who taped Andrews was sentenced to more than two years in prison Legislation is set for debate on the House floor Tuesday A companion bill will be introduced in the Senate
CNN  -- The northern California Bay Area 's biggest earthquake in 25 years has people asking : Is the world seeing more tremors than usual ? And is the long-dreaded "  Big One " that could devastate California coming soon ? Actually , experts say the world might not be seeing more than usual . And as for the Big One , there 's no sign that it 's imminent . The infamous San Andreas Fault is due for its epic every-150-years rumble . But the quake that struck Sunday , centered about 6 miles southwest of Napa , was n't on that line . "  I do n't think we can make any connection on that , " CNN meteorologist Chad Myers said . "  This is on a different fault -- still part of the same system , still the plates are still shifting from California , the North American Plate and the Pacific Plate . " More quakes in 2014 ? Peru , California , Chile and Iceland have all been hit by notable earthquakes in 2014 , which has some wondering whether there have been an unusually large amount of strong earthquakes this year . The rate of major earthquakes -- those with a magnitude higher than 7.0 -- more than doubled in the first quarter of 2014 compared with the average since 1979 , according to a paper published in the journal Geophysical Research Letters in June by Tom Parsons and Eric L. Geist of the U.S. Geological Survey . But a time period of fewer than 50 years is n't a large enough sample size to definitively say whether this year has had an abnormal number of quakes . It could be a statistical anomaly , according to CNN meteorologist Sean Morris . "  It 's such a small sample and short time frame ; let 's not get alarmed , " Myers said . The Geological Survey notes that many earthquakes go undetected "  because they hit remote areas or have very small magnitudes . " There has been a greater amount of smaller temblors in the central United States , especially in Oklahoma , which experts say could be a result of fracking in the area . In June , Oklahoma surpassed California in the number of earthquakes this year . "  When they first started happening , they were a big deal , " said Althea Peterson , a reporter with the Tulsa World . "  It 's nothing I ever expected in Oklahoma . " When will the ` Big One ' strike ? Catastrophic earthquakes seem to strike along the southern San Andreas Fault about once every 150 years , the U.S. Geological Survey said , citing studies examining the past 1,400 years . The last time an enormous temblor on the fault struck Southern California was in 1857 . "  There 's a real likelihood of a major , major earthquake in the next 10 , 15 , 20 years , " California Lt. Gov. Gavin Newsom said . Newsom is former mayor of San Francisco , a city that sits near the Hayward Fault and the San Andreas Fault , "  the one that fear is most instilled in us . " But the San Francisco Bay Area is less likely to see a massive earthquake soon , as only about a century has passed since the great 1906 earthquake . Yet "  moderate-sized , potentially damaging earthquakes could occur in this area at any time , " the Geological Survey warmed . In 1989 , a 6.9-magnitude quake struck the Bay Area during baseball 's World Series . The Loma Prieta earthquake caused 63 deaths , 3,757 injuries and an estimated $ 6 billion in property damage , according to the Geological Survey . What about the 1994 Northridge quake ? That mammoth tremor was n't on the San Andreas Fault ; it actually occurred on a fault that no one knew about . That 6.7-magnitude Southern California quake killed 57 people and caused $ 42 billion in total damage . But even the Northridge quake could pale in comparison to the devastation that the "  Big One " on the San Andreas could bring . "  It would be like having a Northridge here and Northridge here and Northridge here , " Caltech seismologist Kate Hutton said this year , indicating swaths of a California map . "  It covers such a wide area that it would be ... a major disaster for the nation . " Six things we 've learned since 1994 Northridge earthquake Why is the San Andreas Fault so notorious ? The San Andreas is considered "  the ` master ' fault of an intricate fault network , " the Geological Survey said . It 's the fault responsible for the 1906 San Francisco earthquake , which killed about 700 people . The 800-mile-long fault is the boundary between the Pacific Plate and North American Plate . And because the Pacific Plate shifts about 2 inches a year , the Geological Survey said , Los Angeles and San Francisco will become next-door neighbors  though not for about 15 million years  . So while it 's impossible for the San Andreas to sweep California out into the ocean , the Geological Survey said , southwestern California is slowly -- very slowly -- sliding past the rest of the state toward Alaska . CNN 's Michael Martinez , Kyung Lah and Ashley Fantz contributed to this report .	The 6.0-magnitude quake Sunday was not on the San Andreas Fault Some predict the "  Big One " will strike along the fault in the next few decades USGS : Los Angeles and San Francisco will one day become next-door neighbors
CNN  -- Authorities late Sunday located a 14-year-old kidney transplant patient who was taken by her father from a St. Louis hospital , where she was undergoing medical treatment , a police spokeswoman said . Brittany Jones was located at a hospital in Milwaukee hours after she was seen leaving her room at Cardinal Glennon Children 's Medical Center with her father , said Katy O'Sullivan of the St. Louis Police Department . O'Sullivan said the girl 's father , Dana Jones , was with her at the Milwaukee hospital . Hours earlier , St. Louis authorities issued an abduction alert for Jones , warning she was in grave danger if she did not receive a scheduled medical treatment . Jones , who underwent a transplant in 2010 , was placed in the custody of the Illinois Department of Children and Family Services after her doctors determined she was not getting adequate care for her condition at home , O'Sullivan said . Dana Jones is believed to have taken his daughter around 2 p.m. Sunday from the St. Louis hospital , where according to surveillance footage he was seen removing her IV , walking her out of the hospital and driving off with her in his car , O'Sullivan said .	NEW : Brittany Jones , 14 , and her father have been located at a Wisconsin hospital , police say NEW : An abduction alert was issued for Jones after she was taken from a St. Louis hospital , police say Jones , who underwent a kidney transplant in 2010 , was in the custody of Illinois child protective services
Atlanta  CNN  -- One of Justin Bieber 's security guards and a driver were arrested Tuesday on suspicion of stealing a photographer 's camera in Sandy Springs , Georgia . The photographer was waiting outside of a suburban Atlanta arcade Bieber was in when the guard confronted the photographer , according to Steve Rose , a spokesman for the Sandy Springs Police Department . The photographer left and was then followed by the bodyguard and another man driving a Cadillac Escalade , Rose said . The men stopped the photographer 's car in an adjacent parking lot . The security guard then took the camera from the photographer and fled to the home Bieber is renting in Sandy Springs , Rose said . A police officer stopped the bodyguard and the driver in the driveway , spotted the camera and took both men into custody . They have since been identified by police as 32-year-old Hugo Hesny , the guard , and 49-year-old Terrance Johnson , the driver . Both men were initially charged with felony theft of the camera , estimated to be worth $ 10,000 . Johnson was later released and charges were dropped , police said . A small amount of marijuana also was found in the Escalade , along with some pipes commonly used to smoke it . Because of the small amount of pot , no charges were filed , according to a police statement . Bieber was not involved in the incident . A representative for the singer declined to comment . CNN first learned of the arrests on Twitter . The People v. Justin Bieber : The singer 's court cases Atlanta radio show pranks media with Bieber move protest	NEW : Driver is released without charges The camera is thought to be worth $ 10,000 Police identify the security guard as Hugo Hesny , 32 A representative for Bieber declined to comment
CNN  -- Facebook has been on a cloning tear recently . On Thursday , the social media company announced that its photo app Instagram was adding support for 15-second videos , a la Twitter 's hit Vine app . There are a few minor differences : Vine is only 6 seconds ; Instagram has filters ; Vine loops ; Instagram lets you delete a clip . But they are essentially the same tool . This is not the first time Facebook has tried replicating another company 's features . It imitated Foursquare with its Places check-ins , Instagram with the Camera app , Twitter with profiles you can follow and Snapchat with the Poke app . Last week , Facebook finally added hashtags , another creation started on Twitter , though the outrage seems to be more that it took so long . While perhaps disappointing , it is unsurprising that a minor feature gets so much media coverage  Yes . This is my third article on the topic  . Facebook has more than a billion users around the world . Instagram says 130 million people use the photo-sharing service every month , and most will be excited to get a cool new feature like video . In just 24 hours , 5 million videos were uploaded to the service , according to Instagram . What happens on these tools , even when they are tiny , has an immediate impact on a huge amount of people . "  Facebook is a very important company in the world , " said Brian Singerman , a partner at the Founders Fund investment firm . "  Anything Facebook does impacts a billion people . That in and of itself , becoming a communications platform for a billion people , is a pretty impressive feat in the world . " The small features can also have big impacts on the company itself . Originality is risky , and Facebook is now a public company tasked with making investors money after a particularly harrowing first year on the stock market . For Facebook , advertising , particularly on mobile devices , is where that money will come from . In 2012 , 84 % of Facebook 's revenue came from advertising , and videos are going to play a bigger role in future online advertising revenue . There are no paid ads on Instagram yet , but it is very brand-savvy . A handful of major companies seem to have been given early access to the new feature and posted promotional videos on the service . Major companies to post such videos include Burberry , the Los Angeles Dodgers , Gap and MTV . The practice of an established company copying successful features is n't new or particular surprising . According to Chris Dixon of Silicon Valley investment firm Andreessen Horowitz , this is the same pattern that happened 10 or 12 years ago with Microsoft . Intuit would build a cool product for Windows , and then Microsoft would copy it . Borrowing features from other companies and improving on them is part of being competitive . "  It 's always a threat , but then you see these things break out , " Dixon said . Facebook 's track record has been hit or miss . SnapChat could be one of those breakouts it did n't manage to squash . The independent mobile messaging app has grown in popularity while Facebook 's Poke app has n't caught on . Experts say Facebook 's recent spate of arguably ho-hum announcements is n't an accurate representation of Silicon Valley as a whole . Many early-stage companies , they say , are taking the big risks and working on technology that will change the world . "  Silicon Valley is not just about apps for smartphones and doing a photo-sharing app that has a blue border instead of a red one , " Singerman said . Founder 's Fund 's own Peter Thiel was an early investor in Facebook , but the firm is now focused on finding companies with very large barriers to entry that can not be easily be cloned . Investments include ride-sharing company Lyft , big data company Palantir and space-travel company Space X . It also focuses on companies that are working to solve some of the world 's biggest problems , such as health care and energy . "  The issue is , from a  venture capitalist 's  perspective , we have moved on , " said Navin Chaddha of Mayfield Ventures . "  We are working on things that are going to be on the Facebook level in five to 10 years , but mass media is focused on what 's already big . " Innovating is n't just for startups . Both Apple and Google have worked on risky products as mature companies , but they are also standing on firmer financial ground . Once it has appeased investors , perhaps Facebook will go back to its "  hacking " ethos and release something unexpected and new . As for the other companies that are busy working on the next big thing , they are n't putting too much energy into organizing press events with Blue Bottle coffee and amazing baked goods because , for now , their business models do n't require it . They are aiming higher . "  The only way to get much , much , much larger is to focus on being really valuable to to the world , " Singerman said . "  They 're not doing it for fame ; they 're doing it for a mission . ... Sometimes those things just take a little longer . "	Instagram 's new video feature is the latest imitation feature from Facebook The minor updates are not representative of the innovations happening in Silicon Valley Tech companies are working on big problems like health care and energy Any Facebook feature , even small , has an impact on a huge number of people
Denver  CNN  -- The university psychiatrist who treated the accused gunman in last year 's deadly Colorado theater rampage could face more than a dozen lawsuits that blame her and the school for not properly handling James Holmes ' treatment . At least 14 people have filed legal documents indicating they are planning to sue the University of Colorado Denver and Dr. Lynne Fenton for negligence . Holmes , 25 , was a doctoral student in neuroscience at the university . Fenton has testified that her contact with Holmes ended on June 11 , more than a month before he allegedly walked into a crowded movie theater in Aurora , Colorado , and opened fire , killing 12 people and wounding 58 others during a screening of the new Batman film . She said she later contacted campus police because she was "  so concerned " about what happened during her last meeting with him , but she declined to detail what bothered her . Many details of Fenton 's interactions with Holmes have been withheld due to rules governing doctor-patient confidentiality . Report : Fenton reported behavior to colleagues Jacque Montgomery , a university spokeswoman , said university officials are aware of the pending lawsuits . "  We understand that there is pain and frustration amongst the families of the deceased and victims of this terrible crime and we have great sympathy for them , " Montgomery said in a statement . "  We do believe , as well , that the facts will speak for themselves as the legal process moves forward . " Chantel Blunk -- whose 26-year-old husband , Jonathan , was one of 12 people slain in the theater -- has already filed a civil lawsuit in federal court accusing Fenton of knowing "  that James Holmes was dangerous " and having "  a duty to use reasonable care to protect the public at large from James Holmes . " Blunk 's lawsuit accuses Fenton of negligence and said the university is also liable . The lawsuit says that during their last contact on June 11 , Holmes told Fenton that "  he fantasized about killing a lot of people . " But according to the lawsuit , when a police officer asked whether Holmes should be placed on a psychiatric hold for 72 hours , Fenton "  rejected the idea . " Therapists walk fine line in reporting violent plans Stefan Moton , one of the 14 planning to sue the school and Fenton , survived a bullet wound in the July 20 shooting that left him paralyzed from the neck down . According to his court filing , Moton claims that Fenton "  learned of Mr. Holmes ' dangerous propensities and intentions " but , after bringing her concerns to the university , "  neither the  university  team nor the  university  police took action to prevent Mr. Holmes from causing ... harm to Mr. Moton , which harm could have been prevented from but for their failure to so act . " Moton is seeking at least $ 50 million in damages . Erik Novo and his wife Laura Rodriquez -- who plan to seek $ 250,000 in their lawsuit -- never even saw the shooter . They were in a different auditorium and fled along with other theatergoers . As they were driving away they say they were stopped by a police officer at gunpoint , which -- according to their notice of claim -- caused them "  severe mental anguish and suffering . " In all , the lawsuits will seek damages ranging from $ 100,000 to $ 50 million . More on the Colorado theater shooting Holmes is currently awaiting formal arraignment for 166 charges related to the July 20 rampage , including murder , attempted murder and weapons offenses . His interactions with Fenton before the shooting have come up several times during court proceedings . Just nine minutes before he burst into the suburban mall movie theater , Holmes tried to call Fenton but failed to reach her , prosecutors have said . In September , a judge ruled that a notebook Holmes allegedly mailed to Fenton right before the shooting would not be accessible to prosecutors . The judge overseeing Holmes 's case agreed last week to delay an arraignment in the case to allow defense lawyers more time to examine more than 30,000 pages of evidence and hundreds of DVDs and CDs . The arraignment -- a formal reading of charges by the court and , frequently , the entering of a plea by the defendant -- is now scheduled for March 12 . Nearly six months after the killings , the Aurora Century 16 movie theater where the massacre took place will hold a private "  night of remembrance " Thursday for the victims and those who responded to the tragedy . The theater will permanently reopen later this month . Some survivors and loved ones of those killed are boycotting Thursday 's event , deeming it as insensitive , while others say it 's important that the theater reopen . Several victims ' families and survivors have filed lawsuits against Cinemark USA , Inc. , the company that owns the theater .	14 people intend to sue university , psychiatrist who treated suspected shooter Dr. Lynne Fenton testified her contact with James Holmes ended before the shooting Holmes is awaiting arraignment on more than 160 charges , including murder He is accused of opening fire inside a theater on July 20 , killing 12 and wounding 58
New York  CNN  -- After winning half of a staggering $ 587 million Powerball payout in November  netted to $ 136.5 million after taxes  Mark and Cindy Hill of Dearborn , Missouri , had unlimited options . They could have decided to travel the world , fill their garage with sports cars , or even buy their own island -- fantasies most people entertain when dreaming of a big win . But the couple chose to stay put in Dearborn . Mark still meets friends daily for coffee at a local convenience store . And although he considered buying a Camaro after his win , Mark opted for a pickup . In fact , what the Hills have elected to do with their windfall is far from island buying -- which brings us back to the sewage treatment plant . It 's one of many civic projects the Hills have decided to fund for their local community , and specifically Mark 's hometown of Camden Point , Missouri -- a small enclave comprising fewer than 500 residents . They 'll pay for a new fire station and a new ball field . They 'll also donate $ 50,000 towards the sewage treatment plant . The fire station will have direct access to highways , and the ball field will be set further away from one -- allowing the kids to play out of the range of traffic . As for the sewage treatment plant , that will enable residents to do away with personal septic tanks . Walt Stubbs , Camden Point fire chief , says not only will the new location give the fire department better access to the community , but it will help integrate the local ambulance district with the fire station , improving emergency response times . The Hills also donated a scholarship fund to nearby North Platte High School in Dearborn , where both graduated . City officials estimated these works would have taken around 25 years to complete if the city had to rely on its existing tax base . Stubbs concurs with this figure -- and says the changes they 're now able to make were n't even in their 5 or 10 year plans . Stubbs , who went to high school with the Hills , says their decision to use their winnings from the largest Powerball jackpot in history , for the community comes as no surprise , if you know the couple . "  Money changes a lot of people , " Stubbs says . "  They are just good people and are willing to help others . " Perhaps the Hills were heeding the words of the famously philanthropic Andrew Carnegie : "  Surplus wealth is a sacred trust which its possessor is bound to administer in his lifetime for the good of the community . " Indeed at the press conference , Cindy Hill echoed Carnegie 's sentiment ; "  For some reason  God  put it in our hands , " she said , "  I think to make sure it goes to the right things . "	Mark and Cindy Hill won half of a $ 587 million payout No big life changes yet : Mark still meets friends for coffee each day at a local convenience store . Instead of large purchases , the Hills opted to give back to their local community Camden , MO , looks forward to a new firehouse , ball field and sewage treatment plant , courtesy of the Hills
Russian President Vladimir Putin signed into law on Friday a measure that bans the adoption the Russian children by U.S. families effective January 1 . The action could affect hundreds of U.S. families seeking to adopt . Americans adopted close to 1,000 Russian children last year , according to U.S. State Department figures . Read more : Russia 's lower house approves bill to ban U.S. adoption Though the number has been dropping in recent years , Russia remains the third-most-popular country -- after China and Ethiopia -- for U.S. citizens to adopt . The U.S. State Department said it "  deeply regrets " the law announced by the Kremlin . "  The Russian government 's politically motivated decision will reduce adoption possibilities for children who are now under institutional care , " it said in a statement . "  We are further concerned about statements that adoptions already underway may be stopped and hope that the Russian government would allow those children who have already met and bonded with their future parent to finish the necessary legal procedures so that they can join their families . " The announcement was a wrenching one for Aaron and Jenny Moyer , coming in an adoption process that was well under way for them to become parents of a Russian orphan named Vitali . They carry photographs of them and Vitali together during their visits to Russia . "  He 's our son , " Aaron Moyer said . "  In our hearts , he is our son . " Jenny Moyer says she knows there is an orphan crisis in Russia , especially for children with special needs . Vitali has Down syndrome . The fact that he has the genetic condition associated with mental retardation may prove to be a help . A Russian parliamentarian , Robert Shlegel , was to submit an amendment that would allow U.S. citizens to adopt Russian children with disabilities , according to the state-run Itar-Tass news agency . The couple , who have two biological children and one adopted American child , said they are relying on their faith to see them through the uncertainty . "  We want not just our son , but all the kids over there to have families and to grow up and know the love of a mom and dad , " Aaron Moyer said . iReporter says she 's devastated by the news The Russian measure also bars any political activities by nongovernmental organizations receiving funding from the United States , if such activities could affect Russian interests , Russia 's semiofficial RIA-Novosti news agency said . And it imposes sanctions against U.S. officials thought to have violated human rights . The law envisions the drafting of a list of U.S. citizens who will be prohibited from entering Russia , and will suspend the activity of any legal entities controlled by them in the country . Read more : Russian lawmakers eye adoption ban to U.S. . The vote this week in the Federation Council , Russia 's upper house , was unanimous , but Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov criticized the bill ahead of its signing . Lawmakers in the Duma , Russia 's lower house of parliament , adopted it last week . The move is widely seen as retaliation for a law that U.S. President Barack Obama signed on December 14 . That bill , called the Magnitsky Act , imposes U.S. travel and financial restrictions on human rights abusers in Russia . The Magnitsky Act is named for Russian lawyer Sergei Magnitsky , who uncovered the largest tax fraud in the country 's history in the form of rebates claimed by government officials who stole money from the state . Magnitsky died in 2009 after a year in a Moscow detention center , apparently beaten to death . The Russian bill 's implementation nullifies a recent agreement between the United States and Russia in which the countries agreed to additional safeguards to protect children and parties involved in inter-country adoptions . Backers of the Russian bill said American adoptive parents have been abusive , citing 19 deaths of adopted Russian children since the 1990s . The Russian public has supported the bill , with 56 % of respondents in a poll conducted by the Public Opinion Foundation  FOM  saying they backed the ban , RIA Novosti reported . In 2010 , an American woman sparked outrage after she sent her adopted son back to Russia alone on a one-way flight , saying the boy , then 7 , had violent episodes that made her family fear for its safety . Konstantin Dolgov , the Russian Foreign Ministry 's special representative for human rights , said Wednesday on Twitter that Russians were "  well aware of , and have pointed out more than once , the inadequate protection of adopted Russian children in the U.S. " He also said the United States is one of three nations that have not signed the 1989 U.N. Convention on the Rights of the Child . According to the U.N. Children 's Fund , the United States is one of two nations -- the other being Somalia -- that has not ratified the convention . But the United States has signed the convention , thereby signaling its intent to ratify . Anthony Lake , executive director of UNICEF , touted the importance of "  inter-country adoption . " "  While welcoming Prime Minister Dmitri Medvedev 's call for the improvement of the child welfare system , UNICEF urges that the current plight of the many Russian children in institutions receives priority attention , " he said . He asked that Russia let children 's "  best interests " guide the "  design and development of all efforts to protect children . " Groups such as Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch had urged Russian lawmakers to reject the bill . "  This bill hits back at Russia 's most vulnerable children and could deprive them of the loving families they desperately need , " Hugh Williamson , Europe and Central Asia director at Human Rights Watch , said last week . John Dalhuisen , Amnesty International 's Europe and Central Asia program director , has said that "  this bill is frankly a childish response to the Magnitsky Act . "	Russian lawmaker pushes for exception for children with disabilities Measure bans the adoption of Russian children by U.S. families effective January 1 Russian leader 's action could affect hundreds of American families seeking to adopt Rights groups criticized the bill , which some say is retaliation for U.S. act against rights abusers
CNN  -- Pakistan 's military is pushing to black out a national news station , calling its citing of a man tying government agents to the attempted assassination of his brother -- a prominent TV news anchor -- "  false , malicious and irresponsible reporting . " Already Wednesday night , multiple people said Geo News was suddenly unavailable in large swaths of Peshawar , parts of Quetta and in military barracks in both cities . On its website , Geo News -- a CNN affiliate -- reported similar blackouts in Okara , Murree and Dera Ghazi Khan as well . And that could be just the beginning . The director general of ISI , Pakistan 's powerful intelligence agency , formally complained to the nation 's military about Geo 's coverage after an attack on one of its anchors , Hamid Mir . The defense ministry then asked the Pakistan Electronic Media Regulatory Authority to act against Geo News , including possibly suspending and ultimately canceling its license to broadcast . Hamid Mir was shot three times Saturday in Karachi by gunmen in a car and on two motorcycles near Karachi 's airport , his network reported . He is now recovering after undergoing what his doctor described as a successful operation . The government condemned this attack while also sharply criticizing Geo News ' subsequent reporting of the account of Mir 's brother Amir , who is a journalist himself . Amir Mir said his brother believed ISI and specifically its leader , Lt. Gen. Zaheerul Islam , had plans to assassinate him . The defense ministry 's complaint -- as cited by the Pakistan Press Foundation -- accuses Geo News of waging "  a vicious campaign ... wherein false accusations were made against a state institution tasked to work for the defense , sovereignty and integrity of Pakistan . " This telecast tried to tarnish state agency 's image by "  falsely linking it with ... terrorist outfits/activities , " the complaint said . "  This  false , malicious and irresponsible reporting is a continuation of the policy of Geo Network for maligning the state institutions , " added the complaint . Geo has strongly defended itself against these allegations , in addition to citing other journalists and ordinary Pakistanis who likewise have rallied to its side . Benjamin Ismail , the head of Reporters Without Borders Asia-Pacific desk , said the interview with Hamid Mir 's brother "  does not constitute an offense " and noted that Pakistani authorities "  are perfectly free to address the suspicions against them . His group ranks Pakistan 158th out of 180 countries on its latest World Press Freedom Index . And Bob Dietz , the Asia program coordinator for the Committee to Protect Journalists , urged the Pakistan Electronic Media Regulatory Authority not to act against Geo News based on what he called "  a spurious complaint . " "  We call on Pakistan 's security services to recognize the critical role of the media and exercise tolerance and maturity , " Dietz said in a statement . "  The ISI is free to rebut allegations in the media but should not try to censor coverage . " In an earlier statement , Dietz had called the targeting of Mir "  an indicator that the government of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif has not been able to reverse the country 's appalling record of violence against journalists , despite pledges to do so . " A former newspaper reporter and editor , Hamid Mir writes columns and hosts a political talk show on Geo News . His guests have included members of Pakistan 's ruling government and the opposition . Mir is also writing a book on Osama bin Laden , the late al Qaeda leader whose escape from the Tora Bora mountains of Afghanistan he extensively reported on . Two Pakistani governments -- once in 2007 and again in 2008 -- banned him from appearing on Pakistani television . Journalists Syed Ali Shah in Quetta , Pakistan , and Zahir Shah Sherazi in Peshawar contributed to this report .	Geo News anchor Hamid Mir was wounded last Saturday by gunmen in Karachi His brother told Geo that Pakistan 's spy agency may have targeted Hamid Mir The military asks for Geo to possibly lose its license over this "  malicious " report Geo , news media advocates strongly counter this claim
Liberals feared that a Mitt Romney presidency could mean the end of the most significant piece of social legislation in half a century . Conservatives feared a second Obama term would allow implementation of another massive entitlement program . But for hospital administrators and businesses like health insurance companies and drug makers , the biggest fear on election night was that they would be left with an enormous mess to clean up . Although the Affordable Care Act , passed in 2010 , wo n't be fully in place until 2014 , billions of dollars have already been distributed and the wheels of reform have begun to turn . Seniors with Medicare prescription drug coverage are getting cash rebates . Young adults have joined their parents ' insurance policies . Uninsured Americans with pre-existing conditions are getting health coverage through Obamacare programs . Some states are setting up health insurance consumer assistance bureaus and drawing up the architecture for new exchanges where private health insurance will be sold and regulated . Stopping all of that , which Romney vowed to do if not by edict then by throwing truckloads of sand in the government 's regulatory gears , would have created chaos . TIME.com : Obamacare 's ` health panel ' The ability of critics to challenge the law 's legitimacy was drastically reduced with the Supreme Court upholding its constitutionality earlier this year . But it is also important that Obama administration officials will be in charge during the law 's full implementation . Hospitals , insurers , drug companies and patients can now expect a more orderly rollout of the Affordable Care Act over the next few years . As Jennifer Haberkorn reported in Politico last week , the Obama administration recently reduced the flow of new regulations defining precisely how the legislative language of Obamacare would work in practice . The purpose of holding back new rules was to avoid controversy close to the election . As Haberkorn reported , there 's now a backlog of new regulations that are expected to be unveiled soon , including some that could affect wide swaths of the population . We still do n't know , for example , what health services and expenses insurers will be required to cover under Obamacare . At the same time , governors will soon decide whether to set up their own health insurance marketplaces to regulate individual and small business health plans . Many Republican governors had held off making this call until after the election . States that opt not to set up exchanges will open the door for the federal government to run them instead . Thanks to a part of the Supreme Court Obamacare ruling that left the law 's large Medicaid expansion as optional instead of mandatory for states , governors and state legislatures will also have to decide whether to widen eligibility for the public insurance program . Here 's a reliable timeline of Obamacare provisions and when they are scheduled to go into effect . As Phil Galewitz reported for Kaiser Health News , some state-based Republicans may be persuaded to get on board with such pieces of the law now that it 's definitely staying on the books : "  Mike Fasano , a Republican and one of the longest serving Florida lawmakers , said with the president 's win , the GOP-dominated state legislature would ` take a hard look ' at expanding Medicaid -- despite the opposition of Republican Gov. Rick Scott . "  Fasano , who is moving from the state Senate to the state House next year , said Florida ca n't afford to miss out on new revenue without having its own plan to help more than 4 million residents who lack health insurance . He acknowledged that challenging Scott would be an uphill battle but said the governor 's waning popularity might embolden lawmakers . " TIME.com : What the health care decision means for the country Despite the Affordable Care Act 's more certain future under an Obama second term , controversy over the law is n't over . The public is still largely split on its merits . Republican state lawmakers and governors wo n't suddenly and universally back the law . Republicans in Congress still have say over funding for some of its programs . But the health care industry is now free from a great deal of uncertainty . Or at least it 's free from this round of uncertainty . Any policy , business sector or law that 's tangled up with politics will always retain a tinge of the unknown . See here . This article was originally published on TIME.com What Obama 's re-election means for health care	Although the Affordable Care Act passed in 2010 , it wo n't be fully in place until 2014 Obama administration officials will be in charge during the law 's full implementation There 's a backlog of new regulations that are expected to be unveiled soon
CNN  -- More than 100 countries attending a conference in Dublin , Ireland formally adopted a treaty Friday to ban cluster bombs -- a large , unreliable and inaccurate weapon that often affects civilians long after the end of armed conflict . Cluster bombs are usually air-dropped shells that eject multiple small bomblets to kill enemy soldiers . A document released by Ireland 's Department of Foreign Affairs says the countries agreed never to use cluster munitions or the explosive bomblets they contain . The countries also agreed never to develop , acquire , retain or transfer cluster munitions . Countries attending the 11-day conference agreed to the treaty Wednesday but formally signed it Friday . The accord calls for a total , immediate ban of the weapons , strong standards to protect those injured by them , contaminated areas to be cleaned up as quickly as possible and for the weapons to be immediately destroyed , he said . Thomas Nash , coordinator of the CMC campaigning organization , said Wednesday : "  This is a great achievement for everyone who has been working hard to see the end of 40 years of suffering from these weapons . " Though some of the biggest makers of cluster bombs , including the United States , Russia , China and Israel , were not involved in the talks and have not signed the accord , organizers predicted that those nations would nevertheless be pressured into compliance . "  Take the United States , " Nash said . "  Almost all of its allies are here . They 've decided to ban these weapons . That 's going to make it extremely difficult , if not impossible , for the United States to ever use these weapons again , either on its own or in joint operations . " The agreement requires the destruction of stockpiles of the weapons within eight years , he said . Cluster munitions , which break apart in flight to scatter hundreds of smaller bomblets , are what the International Committee of the Red Cross calls a "  persistent humanitarian problem . " Most of a cluster bomb 's bomblets are meant to explode on impact , but many do not . Estimates show the weapons fail to explode on impact between 10 and 40 percent of the time , the Red Cross says . That means unexploded bomblets lie scattered across a target area , often exploding only when handled or disturbed -- posing a serious risk to civilians . Last week , Acting Assistant Secretary for Political-Military Affairs Stephen D. Mull called it "  an absolute moral obligation " to rid a battlefield of unexploded ordnance after the battle . But he also predicted that the United States would not agree to any ban . "  We think that it is going to be impossible to ban cluster munitions ... because these are weapons that have a certain military utility and are of use , " Mull said . "  The United States relies on them as an important part of our own defense strategy . " Instead , he urged that the weapons be regulated "  to take humanitarian considerations into account " and that "  technological fixes " be pursued that would render them harmless after a battle . During the 34-day war in Lebanon in 2006 , the United Nations estimated that Israel dropped 4 million bomblets , 1 million of which may not have exploded , according to the International Committee of the Red Cross . More than 250 civilians and bomb-disposal operators have been killed or injured by them in southern Lebanon since the war ended . Cluster bombs were also used in the 1999 war in Kosovo . Lt. Col. Jim Burke , a military adviser to the Irish Defense Forces said they quickly became a major killer of civilians . In more than 20 countries , according to the ICRC , cluster bombs have created lasting "  no-go " areas , rendering them as dangerous as minefields . Laos is the most affected country . Millions of bomblets dropped during the Vietnam War continue to kill civilians more than three decades later . Still , militaries consider cluster bombs important for use against multiple targets dispersed over a wide area , such as tanks or military personnel moving across the landscape . A single bomb containing hundreds of submunitions can cover more than 18 square miles . CNN 's Jacqueline Clyne contributed to this report .	111 countries formally agreeing treaty banning cluster bombs U.S. not attending and not expected to agree to banning cluster bombs Controversial weapons often do n't explode but stay dangerous for civilians
CNN  -- A federal agent 's attempt to write a book with an insider 's account of "  Operation Fast and Furious " is being blocked by superiors because it could have "  a negative impact on morale , " the American Civil Liberties Union said . John Dodson , an agent with the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives , was among several agents who claimed whistleblower status in order to provide information to Congress about the agency . The controversial program allowed 2,000 guns to cross Arizona 's border with Mexico beginning in 2009 with the intention of tracking them to criminal gangs . Authorities lost track of hundreds of weapons that wound up in the hands of drug cartels and two guns wound up at the scene of a border agent 's slaying the next year although it was not clear whether they factored in the death . "  Fast and Furious " was shut down in 2011 and was the subject of congressional hearings and investigations . Dodson wrote a manuscript of his experience and prepared to seek a publisher , the ACLU said in a letter on Monday to the ATF . But his efforts were blocked by agency supervisors , who have oversight on any outside employment by agents , the ACLU said in the letter protesting the restriction . ACLU lawyers said the ATF 's actions on Dodson 's publication request are an unconstitutional censorship of his freedom of speech . "  The reasons provided to Agent Dodson were predictions of ' a negative impact on morale ' in his field division at Phoenix , and ' a detrimental effect -LSB- sic -RSB- on -LSB- ATF -RSB- relationships ' with other agencies , the Drug Enforcement Administration and the Federal Bureau of Investigation , the ACLU said in the letter . The lawyers said the ATF should revisit its decision and change its policies allowing supervisors to block the speech rights of employees for any reason . The "  Fast and Furious " operation gave rise to more than a year of political controversy for the Justice Department , and eventually to House Republicans to sanction Attorney General Eric Holder for contempt of Congress in a legal dispute over the White House 's refusal to turn over documents . Holder has said the tactics used in "  Fast and Furious , " which allowed weapons to fall into the hands of traffickers , should never have been allowed . Dodson has claimed that Justice Department officials retaliated against him for providing testimony to Congress . "  Given the national attention to both the "  Fast and Furious " operation and ATF practices more broadly , ATF faces an extremely high burden in demonstrating that its interests outweigh Agent Dodson 's right to speak and the public 's right to hear his views about ` Operation Fast and Furious , ' " the ACLU lawyers said in their letter which was written on Dodson 's behalf . In response , an ATF spokesman cited federal regulations that prohibit individuals from "  writing about issues that arise from his or her duties as a special agent and profiting from his or her experiences while still acting in the special agent capacity . "	Book is being blocked by superiors because it might negatively impact morale The botched gun-walking ` Fast and Furious ' operation was investigated by Congress ATF 's John Dodson was among a number of agents who claimed whistleblower status Agency cites rules that prohibit current agents from writing on issues they experienced
Ciudad Juarez , Mexico  CNN  -- A series of recent graffiti messages on school walls in Mexico 's most violent city threaten attacks if teachers do n't hand over their Christmas bonuses . The ominous warnings have sent a new wave of fear through Ciudad Juarez , Mexico , where groups of concerned parents have pulled their children out of class , some schools have been evacuated and authorities say they are stepping up security . "  We are afraid because nobody , including the teachers , said anything to us . We learned about it because we heard about it from other mothers and nothing more ... we are afraid that something is going to happen to our children , " mother Rosa Villagrana said . Chihuahua state Gov. Cesar Duarte traveled to Juarez to speak out against the threats , which first appeared several weeks ago . "  We could not ever allow what is being signaled , even with the severity of the security crisis , but an attempt is being made to destroy the integrity and the tranquility of the teachers , the principals , the parents and the children , " he said . "  To the criminals we say that whoever dares to extort will face life imprisonment . " Prosecutors have not captured whoever is responsible for the messages or determined whether they are part of a prank . Authorities have created a special team to investigate extortion in Ciudad Juarez , located across the border from El Paso , Texas . But some parents say that does little to calm their fears . "  People say that we have to entrust ourselves to God , right ? Only he can say everything . Why ca n't the authorities ? They no longer patrol and they no longer capture the bosses who are really behind this . They do n't capture the bosses and they are n't patrolling anymore , so there are no results , " father Oscar Olmos said .	Some parents are pulling their children out of class The state governor says those responsible will be punished Authorities have not determined whether the messages are a prank The violence-plagued city is across the border from El Paso , Texas
