Lara Logan , the CBS correspondent at the center of a discredited October 27 report about the attack on the U.S. diplomatic compound in Benghazi , Libya , is taking a leave of absence from work , the network said Tuesday . Logan 's longtime producer , Max McClellan , is also taking time off . CBS suggested that the leaves of absence were punitive measures for the shortcomings in the Benghazi report , which has stung the reputations of both Logan and the program that televised her report , "  60 Minutes . " With the staff announcements on Tuesday and the release of an internal review , CBS tried to demonstrate that it has figured out what went wrong with its Benghazi report and taken steps to stop similar mistakes in the future . "  The '60 Minutes ' journalistic review is concluded , and we are implementing ongoing changes based on its results , " a CBS News spokeswoman said Tuesday . ` We were wrong ' : CBS 's Lara Logan apologizes for Benghazi report But the network declined to comment further on what changes were being implemented or on when Logan might return to work . Logan has not talked publicly about the Benghazi report since she apologized for it on November 10 , and it looks unlikely that she will talk anytime soon ; although she had been scheduled to host a high-profile fund-raising dinner for the Committee to Protect Journalists on Tuesday night , the committee says her colleague Scott Pelley , the anchor of the "  CBS Evening News , " is going to fill in for her . Jeff Fager , the chairman of CBS News and the executive producer of "  60 Minutes , " said in an internal memorandum that he asked Logan and McClellan to take leaves of absence . Fager said he , not Logan , was ultimately responsible for the mistakes associated with the October 27 report . "  I pride myself in catching almost everything , but this deception got through and it should n't have , " he said . The exceptionally rare steps by CBS were applauded by Media Matters , the liberal media monitoring group that was among the first to criticize Logan 's conclusions about Benghazi . "  From the start of this controversy , Media Matters has demanded that CBS review the flawed '60 Minutes ' report and take appropriate action . Today , the network has done that , " the group 's chairman , David Brock , said in a statement . "  We hope this serves as a lesson learned to CBS about the danger of misinformation . " The missteps in the report stemmed from an interview with Dylan Davies , a security contractor who was in Benghazi on the night of the assault , which left four Americans dead , including Ambassador Christopher Stevens . Davies claimed in the interview that he was present at the compound , but that account contradicted what he had previously told the FBI , the State Department and his own employer . ` We were wrong ' : Lara Logan apologizes for Benghazi report CBS executives have said that they did n't know the details of the government interviews of Davies but did know that he 'd told his employer a different story . "  This crucial point -- his admission that he had not told his employer the truth about his own actions -- should have been a red flag in the editorial vetting process , " said Al Ortiz , the head of standards and practices for CBS , in the network 's internal review , which was shared with employees on Tuesday . Ortiz also faulted the "  60 Minutes " staff with keeping its interview to itself -- something that outside critics said weeks ago when questions about the report were first raised . "  The fact that the FBI and the State Department had information that differed from the account Davies gave to '60 Minutes ' was knowable before the piece aired , " Ortiz wrote . "  But the wider reporting resources of CBS News were not employed in an effort to confirm his account . It 's possible that reporters and producers with better access to inside FBI sources could have found out that Davies had given varying and conflicting accounts of his story . " Congressional source : Benghazi contractors seem to contradict CIA chief	Lara Logan and producer Max McClellan agree to leave suggested by CBS Leaves of absence come at the end of an internal review of their Benghazi report The "  60 Minutes " report centered on a source who gave contradictory accounts Logan apologized for the October report earlier this month
CNN  -- Two months ago , Emad Ghavidel turned on the television in Tehran and saw graphic footage of an injured Syrian child crying out in pain . The 24-year-old Iranian rapper was horrified by the violence and the government 's brutal crackdown on Homs . The more Ghavidel learned about it , the angrier he became . He decided to channel his frustration into his music . He wrote a song , "  The Battle of Homs , " expressing support for the Syrian protesters and lashing out against the regime of Bashar al-Assad . "  I swear to the laments of grieving mothers , I swear to the tears of grieving mothers , you will pay for it , Bashar al-Assad , " raps Ghavidel . "  Even if I am drowned in my own blood , I will not shut up . " Within weeks , the song went viral on YouTube and was an instant sensation in the Middle East . "  I received many encouraging messages from both Syrians and Iranians , " said Hamed Fard , an Iranian who helped Ghavidel produce the song . Many Iranians sympathize with the Syrian people , and the two peoples share a common bond , said Ahed al-Hendi , a Syrian who now serves as Arabic Programs coordinator at cyberdissidents.org . In 2009 , many Iranians were arrested and tortured -- and some were even killed -- as they protested the disputed presidential election . "  When the Green Revolution was sparked in Iran , we stood with the Iranian people and supported their cause , " Al-Hendi said . "  Now , lots of Iranians are supporting our cause . "  We are all facing one enemy . The mullah 's regime in Iran and the Assad regime  in Syria  support each other openly , and their alliance is very rooted . But we need an alliance between a democratic Iran and Syria , not an alliance of dictatorship . " Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad recently praised Syrian officials for how they "  are managing " the yearlong uprising in Syria . Also , activists claim to have found a series of e-mails that showed al-Assad took advice from Iran on how to handle the unrest . Throughout the uprising , the Syrian government has described opposition leaders as terrorists looking to destabilize the country . To date , more than 9,000 people have been killed in the conflict , according to the United Nations . "  As a human and a journalist , it is unbearable to witness this crime , " said Sasan Aghai , an Iranian who works for the Sobh-e Azadi newspaper . "  Everyone around the world who cares about human rights should be bothered by what it happening in Syria . It 's genocide . " This is not Aghai 's first foray into political activism . As an active supporter of the Green Movement , he was arrested for "  activity against the country 's security " and spent time in Evin prison , the notorious prison for Iran 's political dissidents . Artists were also among those arrested . Aria Aramnejad , a young Iranian pop singer , was taken into custody after he posted a song on YouTube in support of the Green Movement . Ghavidel is keenly aware of the risks he faces as a rapper . Iran 's Ministry of Islamic Guidance does not consider rap an art form , so no Iranian rapper can get government permission to record a song . "  All Iranian rappers work underground , " he said . "  We all have difficulties recording and distributing our songs , but I do n't let these problems stop me . "  People ask me if I 'm worried about the consequences of my song , but I do n't believe I 've said anything wrong . I want to hope that there is enough freedom of speech in my country that I can criticize a mass murder . " Such support has not gone unnoticed by the Syrian opposition . The Syrian National Council recently published a letter thanking the citizens of Iran . "  It is important for all of us to know that we share one region and that our struggles and freedoms are connected , " the letter said . "  The Syrian and Iranian regimes have cooperated very closely throughout the years to oppress their own people and to destabilize the region around them . We believe that the only way that our people can prosper is by cooperation and mutual respect to each other 's past , present and future aspirations . " Would a Syrian revolution have an effect on Iran ? Aghai thinks it is unlikely . "  I do n't think the Syrian revolution will result in an Iranian revolution as well , " he said . "  But after losing one of its good allies in the region , we can say that the power of the Iranian regime will start to fade . "	Many Iranians sympathize with the Syrian people and the violence they are dealing with The roles were reversed in 2009 when Iran was in turmoil after a disputed election Meanwhile , the governments of Iran , Syria are also very supportive of each other
CNN  -- Record-breaking batsman Ricky Ponting announced his resignation as captain of the Australia cricket team on Tuesday . The 36-year-old revealed in a news conference that his decision was motivated by a desire to improve his form without the demands of the captaincy and maintained that he will remain part of the team . Ponting , who is the most successful captain in Australia 's history , made the announcement after returning home following his team 's quarterfinal defeat in the Cricket World Cup by India . "  I 've decided to step down as captain of the Test team and the one-day team as of now , " he told media at the Sydney Cricket Ground . "  I think it 'll keep me a bit mentally fresher than I have been in the last couple of years and I think that if I 'm mentally fresh and have got my skills in reasonable order , then I 'll be able to certainly bat better than I have in the past six months . " Ponting endorsed Michael Clarke to take over his captaincy -- a reign which saw the Tasmanian lead Australia to 48 victories in 77 Tests during an illustrious career spanning nine years as a one-day skipper and seven years as Test captain . He also helped Australia claim three one-day World Cup tournaments and under his leadership , Australia posted first place in the ICC One Day International rankings . Despite such impressive credentials , Ponting 's Ashes record has been less successful , with three series defeats by England under his captaincy -- the last of which was the first Ashes series Australia had lost at home in 24 years . In the face of recent speculation , Ponting maintained that the decision to relinquish the captaincy was entirely his own and made with the advice of those close to him . "  I have thought long and hard about what Australian cricket needs , " Ponting added . "  We have to be doing everything we can to win back the Ashes in 2013-14 and the World Cup in 2015 . "  It is highly unlikely that I will be still playing , so it is the right decision for Australian cricket that the next captain now be appointed . This will give him the opportunity to create his own direction and legacy . " Cricket Australia confirmed that a new captain will be named on Wednesday ahead of the next two major tournaments -- the ICC Champions Trophy and the Ashes Series in 2013-14 . Ponting became Australia 's one-day captain in 2002 and took over the Test captaincy from Steve Waugh in 2004 . He became the most prolific run-scorer of all time , hitting 39 Test centuries and amassing 12,363 runs . The right-handed batsman and close catching fielder was named ICC Player of the Year in 2006 and 2007 -- the only player to win the award twice -- and also scooped the Captain of the Year and Test Player of the Year in 2006 and 2007 respectively .	Ricky Ponting announces his resignation at a news conference in Sydney Two-time ICC Player of the Year cites a desire for improvement as his reason for quitting Michael Clarke is tipped to succeed Ponting when the new captain is named on Wednesday Ponting departs as the most successful Australian captain ever , with 12,363 runs
CNN  -- Much of the nation was set to mark the passage of a week since last Friday , when a young Connecticut man fatally shot 27 people -- 20 of them children -- and then turned a gun on himself in a rampage that has breathed new life into the gun-control movement . Church bells are to toll across the region at 9:30 a.m. and some websites plan to go dark in honor of the victims at the urging of Silicon Valley venture capitalist Ron Conway , who came up with the idea at a Christmas party attended by Gabby Giffords , the former Arizona congresswoman who was wounded in a 2011 shooting that killed six . Kansas Gov. Sam Brownback and Texas Gov. Rick Perry have called for residents of their states to pause to reflect one week after the shooting rampage . Perry also asked that churches ring their bells 26 times in honor of the victims at the school . The observances are to come a day after President Barack Obama 's administration put into motion an effort to change U.S. gun laws , less than a week after the Newtown , Connecticut , school shootings . Vice President Joe Biden met with Cabinet members and law enforcement leaders at the White House to start formulating what Obama called "  real reforms right now " in the wake of the shootings that killed 27 people -- including 20 children -- and the shooter himself . "  We have to take action , and there are a number of things ... we can immediately do , " Biden said moments before the meeting began . "  For anything to get done , we 're going to need your advocacy . " Also Thursday , burials were held for three children and two teachers killed when Adam Lanza opened fire inside Sandy Hook Elementary School . "  It 's an assembly line of wakes and funerals , " said Lillian Bittman , former chairwoman of the Newtown School Board . "  We ca n't even figure out which ones to go to . There are so many . " The assembly line stretched more than 2,200 miles west to Ogden , Utah , the hometown of shooting victim Emilie Parker . The town was festooned with pink ribbons as her parents brought her body back for burial . "  This sucks -- there 's no reason for us to be here tonight , " her father , Robbie Parker , told friends and well-wishers at a memorial service Thursday night . "  And I 'm so thankful for everybody that 's here . " His voice trailed off as he struggled for composure . Seeing the pink -- his slain daughter 's favorite color -- made him and his wife , Alissa , "  feel like we were getting a big hug from everybody . " "  A lot of you do n't even know who she is . A lot of you never even met her , " he said . "  And to see your love be expressed in that way for us was so meaningful , and we were so comforted . " Parker drew laughter when he said , "  A lot of people have been asking how we 're doing . My opinion is , we need to come with an alternate way to greet somebody in this country . " He said the first days after the shooting felt like "  we were mourning inside of a glass house , because there was so much attention on the whole situation , and it was really hard to deal with . "  But then , as we come here and we start to see and feel all your love , we just know that everybody 's just deeply concerned and we can feel that love and it 's from a pure place and your intentions are so pure , we do n't feel like people are prying , " he continued . "  We understand that you guys are there with us and that your pain and your sorrow is real and it 's deep . " Also buried Thursday , at an undisclosed location , was Nancy Lanza , the shooter 's mother , said Donald Briggs , a friend of the family who grew up with her in Kingston , New Hampshire . Plans had not been finalized for the burial of her son , Adam , who fatally shot her Friday at their home before targeting the Newtown school and eventually taking his own life . "  That 's still under discussion , " Briggs said . "  If anything , it would be in the spring . " Three 6-year-olds were among those buried Thursday : Allison Wyatt , who loved to draw and wanted to be an artist ; Benjamin Wheeler , who loved the Beatles ; and red-haired Catherine Hubbard , who loved animals . Teachers Lauren Gabrielle Rousseau and Anne Marie Murphy were also to be buried . Victims of the slaying The deaths have prompted a national outpouring of sympathy that continued Thursday . Carloads of teenagers from a Minnesota school that suffered a mass shooting in 2005 headed toward Newtown to offer their support . The bloodshed has prompted an outcry among many to address gun laws and violence . A slight majority of Americans favor major restrictions on guns : 52 % , up 5 points from a survey taken in August after the July shooting inside a movie theater in Aurora , Colorado , where 12 people died , according to a CNN/ORC International poll released Wednesday . And 46 % say they believe the government must play a role in solving the issue , up 13 points from January 2011 , after the Tucson , Arizona , shooting that killed six and wounded Gabby Giffords , who was then a member of Congress . Task force begins work Joining Biden at Thursday 's task force meeting on gun violence were Attorney General Eric Holder , Secretary of Education Arne Duncan , Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano and Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius . Law enforcement officials also attended . On Wednesday , Obama ordered the group to provide proposals by the end of January . "  The fact that this problem is complex can no longer be an excuse for doing nothing , " he said . "  The fact that we ca n't prevent every act of violence does n't mean we ca n't steadily reduce the violence and prevent the very worst violence . " Obama highlighted suggestions to restrict gun sales to criminals and the mentally ill and to improve access to mental health care . Holder was to travel later in the day to Connecticut to meet with law enforcement officials and first responders , a Justice Department official said . Since the shootings , a number of conservative Democrats and some Republicans who have supported gun rights have said they are open to discussing the issue . Sen. Dianne Feinstein , D-California , said she will introduce legislation to reinstate the assault weapons ban that expired in 2004 . The White House has said that the president supports that effort . More than 195,000 people have signed an online White House petition supporting new gun-control legislation . The gun industry itself has been largely silent on the issue ; the National Rifle Association said Tuesday it would offer "  meaningful contributions to help make sure this never happens again . " The group has scheduled a news conference for Friday morning . Gun control advocates say they believe the killings have so shocked the nation 's conscience that change may be possible . "  I think that we are at a historic moment , " said Sen. Richard Blumenthal , D-Connecticut . Strengthening security In Ontario , Premier Dalton McGuinty made $ 10 million available to pay for security upgrades to establish a locked-door policy at 4,000 of the province 's elementary schools . "  We 're not going to brick up these windows ; that would be unreasonable . But I believe there is a reasonable expectation by parents that when their kids go to elementary school in Ontario that we will have a locked-door policy in place , " he said . HLN journalist Rita Cosby and CNN 's Matt Smith , Deborah Feyerick , Ben Brumfield , Jessica Yellin , Dave Alsup , Susan Candiotti , Sandra Endo , Faith Karimi and Daphne Sashin contributed to this report .	"  We have to take action , " Vice President Joe Biden says Nancy Lanza is buried at an undisclosed location , a family friend says Adam Lanza will be buried "  if anything ... in the spring , " he adds Three 6-year-old victims are buried ; bells will ring Friday in observance of one-week mark
CNN  -- If you are reading this on a tablet , smart phone or computer monitor , then you may be holding a product of forced labor . Verité 's two-year study of labor conditions in electronics manufacturing in Malaysia has found that one in three foreign workers surveyed was in a condition of forced labor . Because many of the most recognizable brands source components of their products from Malaysia , almost any device you purchase may have come in contact with modern-day slavery . Many customers have never heard the stories that most of the migrant workers living in Malaysia can recite by heart . One such story goes like this . In 2011 , a Nepali man named Bishal  not his real name  applied for a job with a Malaysian electronics company . He was told he could only be employed if he first paid a $ 1,266 fee -- about double the average annual income in Nepal . Since Bishal did n't have savings , he borrowed the funds from a moneylender at a monthly interest rate of 5 % , using his family land as collateral . After calculating the promised monthly salary , he was confident he would be able to pay back the loan and save money to send home for his family . When he arrived in Malaysia , Bishal was faced with additional fees and realized he 'd been deceived about his salary . After purchasing food and transport , he had about $ 90 left over each month to pay down the loan and send home to his family . This will be Bishal 's reality for the two years that he estimates it will take him to pay off his loan . The debt is n't the only thing keeping Bishal in Malaysia . He was also forced to surrender his passport to his Malaysian employment manager . He can not leave . He is a modern-day slave . And he is not alone . For the past two years , Verité has met with workers in the Malaysian electronics sector , collecting 500 of their stories . These laborers work long hours in poor conditions to produce the components for the electronic devices bought and sold on the U.S. and European markets . Many of them become heavily indebted to obtain their jobs , and then work between one and two years in conditions of virtual debt bondage to pay off their recruitment fees . The workers we spoke with are often stuck in the supply chains of major brands that you would instantly recognize . Electronics is Malaysia 's leading manufacturing industry and a key driver of the economy , contributing to 33 % of exports and generating 27 % of all jobs in 2013 . Many companies from the U.S. , Europe , and Asia use Malaysia as their manufacturing base . Foreign investment in the industry is extremely high , with 87 %  roughly $ 2.6 billion  originating from foreign sources in 2013 . Businesses and consumers worldwide share in the shame of Malaysia 's forced labor problem . This new and conclusive evidence of forced labor ought to disturb major electronics companies that outsource their production to Malaysia . As stewards of international trade with the ability to influence global policy and affect consumer behavior , these companies have the power and responsibility to push for meaningful reforms and combat forced labor in the countries that supply their products . While the factors underlying modern-day slavery in Malaysia are complex , the solutions are at hand . First and foremost , multinational companies must implement strict policies to ensure that workers in their supply chains have not paid fees to get jobs and that they have easy access to their identity documents throughout their employment . To do this , multinational companies must extend their current social assessments to include inquiries about worker debt and passport retention . They must ensure that recruiters reimburse any illegal fees they have collected from workers . Companies must also conduct due diligence on the business practices of recruiters who find , place or otherwise manage workers in their suppliers ' facilities . Forced labor is prohibited by the internal codes of conduct of virtually all multinationals , yet it is common in the supply chains of the most sophisticated businesses in the world . No multinational company intentionally relies on exploitation as part of its business model , yet many overlook forced labor practices that would shock their consumers . Some companies have addressed the problem , including by strictly limiting fees and even reimbursing workers for overcharges . But it 's clear that we need a much larger , industry-wide effort . It 's time that multinational electronics companies took strict , comprehensive and measurable steps to put forced labor in Malaysia and other countries out of business .	Workers are being lured to work in factories producing electronic goods but have to pay a fee to secure the job . After that they are in debt and have to work to pay it off , sometimes being forced to surrender travel documents . Malaysia is a major manufacturer of electronics but supply chains are not properly regulated , says Dan Viederman of Verité . He wants all companies to end forced labor in their supply chains .
CNN  -- If you think television is like junk food , then binging on it is not for you . But there are many people not like you who love pixelated brain candy and think binge-viewing is the only way to devour a season  or more  of TV programming properly -- and networks are slowly beginning to take note . More and more viewers are turning on to elaborately scripted shows , tuning in via digitized devices and not dropping out : They 're watching marathons of their own making . Instead of watching live each week by "  appointment , " viewers are taking a full day  or weekend or even week  to watch a show 's entire season or a series from beginning to end . This may sound gluttonous and monotonous , but bingers see it differently -- a richer and more contemplative form of TV watching in which every nuance is savored and analyzed . Providers are adapting to this craving for deeper , heartier , 22-course meals . Netflix recently premiered , all at once , the entire first season of its new political thriller "  House of Cards , " and the TV streaming apps HBOGo and HuluPlus have salad-bar layouts that make it easier than ever for viewers to immerse themselves fully in an entire series . The commercial reasons that once encouraged channels to sacrifice narrative quality for episodic quantity are fading , especially as many viewers turn away from monthly subscriptions in favor of the per-episode  or per-season  prix fixe to be found , say , at Amazon.com , which dabbles both in online streaming and DVD sales . My friends who binge-watch do n't collapse into their couches , they commit to them , and this makes them demand a little more from programmers . Shows such as "  Mad Men , " "  Game of Thrones " and "  Arrested Development " are richer in lengthy doses : The more time spent in those worlds , the deeper your appreciation for the changing times in the offices of Sterling Cooper Draper Pryce , the intricate history and tenuous alliances between the Baratheons and Starks , and the subtle , recurring jokes of the Bluth family . Watching , reading or listening to anything creative requires a suspension of disbelief , an investment of our reality in theirs . Every commercial break erodes that thin and personal connection a little ; weeklong gaps between episodes stretch us closer and closer to the point at which our attention snaps and moves elsewhere . Viewership declines , sometimes before a show has an opportunity to catch on , as with the often-discussed "  Firefly " or the more recent "  Last Resort , " which struggled to find the hook that would keep audiences coming back . The pacing of some shows hardly even works on an individual level : Though he would n't dare to tell you how to watch it , creator David Simon would probably agree that binging on the entirety of "  The Wire " at once , letting the bigger picture wash over you , would bring you closer to his vision for the show . Binge-watching can make for good TV . The actors on any number of indistinguishable cop shows are entertaining , affable , gruff or quirky , but I 'd turn to "  The Good Wife 's " long-term development any day ... and the only reason I got hooked on it is because I spent a flu-ridden week catching up on the first two seasons . And that 's just network television : Several of the friends whom I introduced to "  Breaking Bad " chose not to watch the first half of the final season , preferring to get it later in one high-intensity dose . These friends picked up on subtle cues I had n't noticed late in that fourth season , were better able to get inside Walter White 's head , and became more a part of the series than I ever had : They 'd fully fallen down that serialized rabbit hole , and now I was the one who seemed like the dilettante , merely putting in an hour each week , scraping the icing off the top of the seven-layered cake . More critically , when another friend recently took a one-week safari through "  Lost , " he could clearly distinguish its shark-jumping moment , whereas those of us who had watched live were suckered in , fond memories of the past overshadowing the tainted present . The more we change our viewing habits , the more the networks will adapt to fit them , and the higher the level of long-term programming networks will have to provide , no longer spider-webbing up plots on the fly in an attempt to deceptively tangle us into tuning in next week . The shift from casual couch-surfing to brisk binging also encourages television to be bolder in its storytelling , to develop characters and settings as opposed to just plots : the difference between literature and pulp , not that you ca n't have both . Producing for the binger might also ease the stress of syndication , in which characters so often reset to the status quo that they might as well be contortionists on "  The Simpsons . " And would n't advertising targeted at the people who would raptly sit through 10 hours of "  Battlestar Galactica " be more effective than scatter-shot rounds of the generic stuff ? Appointment television is dying , supplanted by On Demand features that allow viewers to set the schedules . As each generation grows older and decides it is not writing the Great American Novel , perhaps we 'll choose to watch the Great American Television Show , and realize it 's better when we do n't have to break the illusion and set down the book for a week after every chapter . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Aaron Riccio .	Aaron Riccio : Many people are binge-watching TV series , devouring seasons in a sitting Trend challenges "  appointment " TV , he says , and providers are adapting Riccio : Lengthy doses place narrative demands on programmers As viewers move away from "  appointment " TV , networks will adapt , improve shows , he says
Andrew L. Shapiro is founder and president of GreenOrder , a strategy and management consulting firm that specializes in energy and the environment and is a subsidiary of LRN . Brad Bate and Ted Grozier , consultants at GreenOrder , also contributed to this article . Andrew Shapiro says society should aim to transform all jobs into "  green jobs . " NEW YORK  CNN  -- In a recent CNN commentary entitled "  Green jobs : hope or hype ? " Samuel Sherraden argues that green job creation will be insufficient to bring America out of recession . But Sherraden narrowly defines green as a "  sector , " and fails to see its potential as a strategy for the revitalization of the entire economy . When the public debate is focused around the precise number of green jobs created in , say , a solar panel factory , we miss the opportunity as a country to think more broadly about greening the economy -- and building a foundation for real growth and competitiveness . The aspiration to create "  green jobs " should really be seen as shorthand for two public priorities -- immediate job creation and long-term transformation of the economy for sustainability and prosperity -- and both goals can be addressed simultaneously . However , in judging our progress , a simple tally of jobs in "  green sectors " is only a partial indicator of the impact and thus can be misleading . A lot depends here on definitions . For example , Sherraden cites a 2008 report produced by Global Insight on behalf of the U.S. Conference of Mayors , which identifies a little more than 750,000 green jobs in the United States today . A report in the same year , from the American Solar Energy Society , counts more than 9 million green jobs in the United States . This is not to say that one report is better than the other , but to point out that much difference -- in this case , more than 8 million jobs -- depends on how you count . The critical point Sherraden misses is that it 's not just job creation in new green industries that matter , but also new jobs in traditional industries -- or the retooling of old jobs -- to make those industries greener . A great example is the real estate industry . Energy efficiency retrofits of buildings and homes have the potential to yield significant savings in energy costs while creating work for building engineers , electricians , contractors , manufacturers and people in a whole host of other industries that would not typically be considered "  green . " By comparison , 10 or 15 years ago anyone who used a computer was considered to have a "  tech job , " but now nearly everyone uses a computer  and a cell phone and a PDA  and yet we do n't call all jobs "  tech jobs . " We talk about how technology has changed every industry and profession . Moreover , even investments in sectors we recognize as green can have other positive economic impacts . Investing in wind power , for example , creates jobs in wind turbine manufacturing plants as well as jobs in the industries that supply the plant with parts , jobs producing the materials that make up these parts , jobs producing the electricity used in the plant , and so on . There is solid evidence that investment in green economic activity will result in more jobs than many other comparable investments because a greater proportion of funds would go toward labor and would remain in the United States . The Center for American Progress and the Political Economy Research Institute examined the impact of comparable investments in the oil and gas industry , tax refunds to stimulate household spending , and six specific energy efficiency and renewable energy strategies . They concluded that $ 100 billion of investment in renewable energy and energy efficiency would create approximately 2 million jobs , compared to 1.7 million jobs from stimulating household spending and about half a million jobs from investment in oil and gas . By investing in renewable energy and energy efficiency as strategies for our economy , we will create jobs in the United States , not just green jobs . More importantly , we lay the groundwork for American economic competitiveness and moral leadership in a carbon-constrained world . If we fail to support environmental innovation through investment and public policy , the United States will find itself at a disadvantage relative to other nations . America is at a crossroads . If we see green as an engine of growth , there is an unprecedented opportunity to create jobs and revitalize the economy through smart , wide-ranging investments supported by changes in public policy . In the debate over green job creation , we must not lose sight of the larger objective -- the creation of an economy that is more sustainable , in terms of employment , competitiveness and impact on the natural world . What we need to be asking is : How can we make every industry a green industry and every job a green job ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Andrew L. Shapiro .	Andrew Shapiro : Skeptics argue that only a small number of jobs are green He says green industries and jobs can be the key to revitalizing economy Shapiro : As economy goes green , jobs will be transformed He says U.S. will lose competitive edge if it does n't invest in renewable energy
Leicester , England  CNN  -- Elliot Higgins has never been to Syria . He has no friends and family there . Nor does he have any military experience or background in weapons analysis . But when he lost his job last year , he used the extra hours to indulge an interest in current events , particularly the Arab Spring . Sitting in his living room in Leicester , England , he started a blog under the handle Brown Moses , after a Frank Zappa song . "  I literally thought : No one is going to read this . But I 'm doing it for my own entertainment . " In fact , by sifting through hundreds of battle videos posted online , Higgins has shown the Syrian army 's use of cluster bombs -- now documented by Human Rights Watch -- although Syria has denied using cluster bombs . He 's also showed a trail of Croatian weapons supplied to Syria 's rebels by Saudi Arabia with the consent of Western allies -- an investigative expose published in the New York Times . "  It 's really about finding the patterns of what 's going on , " Higgins says . "  With the cluster bombs the Syrian government still seems to have the official policy of refusing to state that they are using them . And I 've collected a vast amount of evidence of cluster bombs in Syria . There is video of cluster bombs dispersing from helicopters . That 's something that ca n't really be faked . " He tracks the weapons of the war in Syria on his laptop from a cream-colored sofa in his living room . "  When the Syrian air force started using helicopters , I was looking at that , " he recalls . "  Then I saw my first partly exploded bomb and identified that . That was really the start of weapons identification . " Higgins describes a daily routine that 's part Mr. Mom , part intelligence analyst . "  I have to take care of my 18-month-old daughter during the day . So , I 'm sort of checking my e-mails off and on , just keeping an eye on Twitter . And when my daughter 's in bed , I 'll sort of sit down and look at videos . I 've got a list of about 450 activist channels on YouTube . " Elliott shows CNN one video of a Syrian rebel fighter with a grenade launcher tucked into his shoulder . He freeze-frames and points to two tiny bolts that he says prove this is a Croatian weapon , not a South African version . "  It shows a Croatian RPG-6 grenade launcher . And one of the things I was looking for was the specific type . Because they 're an exact copy of another grenade launcher that 's virtually identical . " It 's this unerring eye for detail that has made him a bona fide member of an online community of experts that 's monitoring the war and has put him in high demand with Syria watchers . He now contributes to Foreign Policy magazine and helps to compile a cluster bomb database for Human Rights Watch . "  I think I 'm sort of a hybrid between an analyst , a researcher and an archivist , " Higgins says . "  One thing , I do n't consider myself a journalist . I find things that I want journalists to make use of themselves . " But as far removed from the war as Higgins is , the images of war can still be disturbing . He never watches these videos with his daughter in the room and he tends to play them with the sound turned down . He shows CNN video of a 4-year old being handed an AK-47 , his tiny finger on the trigger . "  Some of the videos are disturbing just because of content . It sort of amazes me the sort of footage you see . Some of it is incredible . " He shows another video where his talent for weapons spotting reveals a terrifying image . "  This is a group of children and that 's a 240mm mortar that 's not exploded and that 's the largest kind of mortar in use today . Look , they 're kicking at it . "	Elliot Higgins sifts through Syria battle videos to identify weapons Higgins has no friends , family in Syria and has no military experience He has shown use of cluster bombs and helps compile database for Human Rights Watch Syria has denied using cluster bombs during the conflict
Editor 's note : The staff at CNN.com has been intrigued by the journalism of Vice , an independent media company and Web site based in Brooklyn , New York . Motherboard.tv is Vice 's site devoted to the overlap between culture and technology . The reports , which are being produced solely by Vice , reflect a very transparent approach to journalism , where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process . We believe this unique approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers . Brooklyn , New York  Motherboard.tv  -- Tucked between a bodega and a bar in a former industrial neighborhood on the border of Brooklyn and Queens , an unassuming door leads to New York 's newest , most radical punk scene . But the slouched-over kids and bearded scenesters who slide into the cavernous space , known as Silent Barn , are n't just here for the fine underground music . They really come for the video games . This is the home of Babycastles , an underground collective and gallery dedicated to pressing the reset button on the concept of the video game arcade , with loving help from a growing culture of independent developers , players and fans . Do n't expect any change machines , prizes , or incessant video game musak wafting across a linoleum-lined room full of pale adolescents . Descend into the basement of Silent Barn on any given night , and you 're likely to encounter a rowdy scene that looks more like CBGBs if it had been founded by hackers with a predilection for florescent neon . That 's how you might describe Kunal Gupta and Syed Salahuddin , who met each other through the independent gaming scene after college and launched Babycastles with a smattering of music and beer-soaked events in 2009 . They grew up in the 1980s and '90s , as a steady stream of home gaming consoles were eclipsing the arcade and the privacy of the living room was replacing a lively -- if not completely functional -- public space . "  It was a dark , dingy place with a lot of teenagers who were really into arcade games , " Salahuddin says of his favorite arcade from childhood , the recently-closed Chinatown Arcade . "  There were a lot of random strangers and friends you made that night . People stood around these machines discussing the games , talking about the games , deconstructing these games . " In Babycastles ' cozy underground space , visitors gather around homemade games , installed on often aging computers that are embedded inside ramshackle cabinets . The games -- often constructed around an array of silly , bizarre and downright fascinating conceits and told in a vibrant , minimalist aesthetic , are designed by young developers from New York and around the world whose clever antics are more accustomed to internet message boards , blogs and IRC channels . The cabinets are lovingly decorated in all manner of artwork , from intricate painted cardboard panels to collage-covered wood panels . See the rest of Babycastles : DIY Arcade at Motherboard.tv For the opening exhibition at a temporary space near Times Square last year , Thu Tran , the inimitable maestro of the IFC show "  Food Party , " turned a former storefront into a veritable zoo of brightly-colored furniture and cabinets . In painted wood and styrofoam , it was a masterful and whimsical refusal to answer that pesky question of whether games can be art . Here was a kind of proof that you do n't have to choose . Nor do you have to play by the rules -- in fact , often no one knows what they are . In B.U.T.T.O.N. , a staple of the gallery , players are left guessing at the objective : will they be asked to beat their opponents to a single magic button , to force their opponents to press the button , or to carry out instructions printed on the screen in Danish ? In the current exhibition , hosted at a separate music venue in Williamsburg , a game by Ivan Safrin lets players reenact a popular YouTube video showing a zealous ATV-rider with a giant American flag who celebrates the death of Osama bin Laden by firing his shotgun aimlessly . A game by Adam Saltsman simply asks users to press any key -- they win when they find the correct one . Doing things the wrong way -- an ethos obvious in the eccentric , sometimes iconoclastic design of many of the gallery 's games -- echoes the progenitors of other devil-may-care and do-it-yourself artistic movements . That 's why the music and games at Babycastles events play together so nicely . Indie rock and punk fare is n't the only soundtrack at Babycastles -- the collective also pairs up with a steady global roster of chiptune musicians , who , with their hacked Game Boy controllers and Genesis consoles , are in many ways the musical breatheren of today 's lo-fi game developers .  Babycastles launched as a party alongside the Blip Festival , a showcase of chiptune musicians ; this year 's festival begins this week in New York . Meanwhile , the patrons of both of these independent communities are in one way or another striving to experience something new -- something that ca n't be bought in a store , but that is available for anyone to see and hear if they look in the right places . Just like indie music , the independent gaming scene is trading in neat , mass-produced convenience for a rough-hewn , playful provocation . " -LSB- At big gaming studios -RSB- games have become massive undertakings in which each developer acts like a cog . The budget for games has increased by billions of dollars , and developers do n't take as much risk anymore , " says Salahuddin . "  So you see a lot of rehashed games from the same video game engine , like another "  Unreal " clone . " The independent gaming movement "  is in response to that . " The implications of Babycastles remixing go wider than the music , art and gaming worlds . The hope , says Salahuddin , is to build a kind of economy for independent gaming developers outside the large studios , something akin to what supports indie musicians who make much of their money through touring and merchandise . Babycastles ' other mission is to bring an obscured world of hobbyist game development to a larger audience -- a public that may be jaded with a culture often built on testosterone-fueled first-person shooters , or that tends to roll its eyes at the premise of games altogether . It 's a formidable challenge , but , as the gallery 's raucous and diverse gatherings prove , one that is n't so hard to beat . Still , mixing games with the underground music scene can have its downside too -- some musicians who come to play fall in love with the games in the basement , Salahuddin says . "  So bands started missing their sets . "	Underground space in nondescript New York building home to indie video game arcade Homemade video games , indie bands , diverse crowd make up "  raucus " , "  radical " punk scene Owners , patrons strive for an experience that "  ca n't be bought in a store "
CHICAGO , Illinois  CNN  -- Barack Obama did more than thump John McCain in the Electoral College tally ; he also handily won the popular vote and redrew the great divide between red states and blue states . Barack Obama addresses a crowd of more than 200,000 at Grant Park in Chicago , Illinois . Riding a Democratic tide that bolstered the party 's presence in both houses of Congress , Obama snared about 63 million votes to McCain 's 55.8 million , according to totals early Wednesday . According to exit polls , Obama crushed McCain among women voters  56 percent to 43 percent  ; voters under 30  66 percent to 32 percent  ; African-American voters  95 percent to 4 percent  ; Latino voters  66 percent to 32 percent  ; first-time voters  68 percent to 31 percent  ; and voters making less than $ 100,000 a year  55 percent to 43 percent  . "  I think this is the passing of an old order , " CNN senior political analyst David Gergen said as the results rolled in Tuesday night and the outcome became increasingly evident . Read what analysts had to say about the victory " "  I think what we see ... is a new coalition , a new order emerging . It is n't quite there , but with Barack Obama , for the first time , it 's won . It is the Latino vote we just heard about . It is the bigger black vote that came out . Very importantly , it 's the youth vote , the 18-to-29-year-old , " said the Harvard University professor and former presidential adviser . Watch Obama pay tribute to McCain " Early voting totals in the East suggested things would go traditionally , with McCain taking most of the Southeast , Obama most of the Northeast . But then things quickly changed , as the senator from Illinois struck -- first in Pennsylvania and then in the Midwest state of Ohio , states McCain had to win in his bid for the Oval Office . Obama then delivered an uppercut in Virginia , a state that had not voted for a Democratic president since 1964 . See your state 's county-by-county totals As polls closed from East to West , Obama kept hammering McCain , as he snatched away Iowa , Colorado , New Mexico and Nevada -- states that had been in President Bush 's column in 2004 . And Wednesday morning , Obama added Indiana to the list of states he 'd turned from red to blue . Indiana had n't voted for a Democrat since Lyndon Johnson in 1964 . Missouri and North Carolina were still counting votes Wednesday , but it appeared one or two of them could become blue-state converts as well . With McCain on the ropes , an Obama victory in Florida sounded the death knell . What 's next for Illinois and Delaware ? " When Indiana fell into Obama 's column Wednesday morning , he had a 349-163 lead over his rival in electoral votes , with only 26 undecided . As he claimed victory Tuesday night , Obama told supporters , "  change has come to America . " "  The road ahead will be long . Our climb will be steep . We may not get there in one year or even one term , but America -- I have never been more hopeful than I am tonight that we will get there . I promise you -- we as a people will get there , " Obama said in Chicago before an estimated crowd of up to 240,000 people . With Obama 's win , he becomes the first African-American to win the White House . McCain pledged Tuesday night to help Obama lead . Watch more on the balance of power " "  Today , I was a candidate for the highest office in the country I love so much , and tonight , I remain her servant , " McCain said . The senator from Arizona called Obama to congratulate him , and Obama told him that he was eager to sit down and talk about how the two of them can work together . Obama will also be working with a heavily Democratic Congress . Democrats picked up Senate seats in New Hampshire , New Jersey , North Carolina and Virginia , among others . Read about the Senate races But Obama pledged to work across party lines and listen to the 46 percent of voters who chose McCain . "  While the Democratic Party has won a great victory tonight , we do so with a measure of humility and determination to heal the divides that have held back our progress , " Obama said . "  To those Americans whose support I have yet to earn -- I may not have won your vote , but I hear your voices , I need your help , and I will be your president , too , " he said . Watch Obama tell voters "  all things are possible " " And he recited the words of Abraham Lincoln , the first Republican in White House , to call for unity . "  As Lincoln said to a nation far more divided than ours , ` We are not enemies , but friends ... though passion may have strained it must not break our bonds of affection , ' " Obama said . Watch a discussion of what Obama should do first " Supporters in Chicago cheering , "  Yes , we can , " were met with cries of "  Yes , we did . " Bush also called Obama to offer his congratulations . The president told Obama he was about to begin one of the great journeys of his life , and invited him to the White House as soon as it could be arranged , according to White House spokeswoman Dana Perino . More than 1,000 people gathered outside the White House , chanting "  Obama , Obama ! " Sen. Hillary Clinton , Obama 's former rival for the Democratic nomination , said in a statement that "  we are celebrating an historic victory for the American people . " iReport.com : Share your Election Day reaction with CNN "  This was a long and hard fought campaign , but the result was well worth the wait . Together , under the leadership of President Barack Obama , Vice President Joe Biden and a Democratic Congress , we will chart a better course to build a new economy and rebuild our leadership in the world . " Sen. Edward Kennedy said Americans "  spoke loud and clear " in electing Obama . "  They understood his vision of a fairer and more just America and embraced it . They heard his call for a new generation of Americans to participate in government and were inspired . They believed that change is possible and voted to be part of America 's future , " the Massachusetts Democrat said in a statement . Voters expressed excitement and pride in their country after casting their ballots in the historic election . Poll workers reported high turnout across many parts of the country , and some voters waited hours to cast their ballots . Read about election problems Tuesday marked the end of the longest presidential campaign season in U.S. history -- 21 months . Obama , 47 , will begin his transition to the White House . He will be sworn in as the 44th president on January 20 .	NEW : Obama claims Indiana , 349-163 electoral vote advantage Barack Obama scores wins with women , African-Americans , young voters Obama to voters : "  Change has come to America " Obama will be working with heavily Democratic Congress
A woman who allegedly stabbed a U.S. teacher at a mall in the United Arab Emirates committed a "  personal terrorist act , " an official told the nation 's official news agency . The official said she logged on to "  terrorist websites " recently , according to the WAM news agency . The suspect , who has not been identified , is accused of killing 47-year-old American teacher Ibolya Ryan last week in the restroom of an upscale mall in Abu Dhabi . The accused is a female Emirati national of Yemeni descent , the UAE 's Interior Ministry said . Police say they think Ryan , who was the mother of three children , did not know the attacker . Her death came two months after the U.S. Embassy in Abu Dhabi issued a statement warning U.S. citizens of an anonymous Internet post that encouraged attacks against teachers at American and other international schools . The embassy said it was unaware of any specific , credible threat at that time . Veteran teacher Ryan was born in Romania and had American and Hungarian citizenship . She had been a teacher for 17 years , according to a Footprints Recruiting profile of her . Last year , she began teaching in Abu Dhabi , where she lived with her children . Before that , she taught special education in her ex-husband 's native Colorado . Surveillance video released by police shows the moments before and after the mall stabbing . A veiled figure police identified as the attacker walks calmly through a parking lot entrance , speaks to security guards and picks up a paper before disappearing around a corner and out of sight . The video later shows the suspect running to an elevator and leaving the mall through the same parking lot doors . Reem Island , where the attack occurred , is a newly developed area popular with expatriates in the capital . The motive of the killing was still unclear . Ex-husband speaks out Ryan 's ex-husband said he was shocked by the fatal stabbing but still feels safe in the UAE . "  I 'm totally horrified by what happened , " Paul Ryan said . "  One just needs to look at the video , the images of that bathroom , and it knocks you out . It knocks you out . " But he said UAE authorities have gone out of their way to ensure his family is taken care of and have offered to pay for his three children 's education through college . "  They are treating me like family now , " he said . "  They have expressed almost precisely in these terms , the children will not have to worry about their education , for their entire education basically . " Ryan could ultimately have the power to commute a death sentence if the suspect is found guilty and given capital punishment . Under UAE law , the victim 's family must give their consent in order for a death sentence to be commuted . The burden weighs heavily on him , he said . "  As far as I can tell , it seems pretty damning evidence , and she  the suspect  confessed herself , " Ryan said . "  Ibolya , my dear ex-wife , and I do mean that , will not have died in vain . "	American Ibolya Ryan , 47 , was stabbed in a restroom at a high-end mall , police say The suspect had logged on to "  terrorist websites , " an official says In October , the U.S. Embassy in Abu Dhabi warned of a threat to attack teachers Ryan 's ex-husband says the UAE has given him the power to commute a death sentence
CNN Student News  -- October 19 , 2012 Media Literacy Question of the Day What factors contribute to the popularity of video games , music and movies ? How might advertisements and media coverage influence this popularity ? * * Know Your News -- The following questions relate to events that were covered this week on CNN Student News . Write your answers in the space provided . Click here for a PDF version of this Newsquiz . 1 . On Sunday , who set a new world record for the highest skydive ? * * 2 . Data from what telescope led amateur astronomers to identify a planet with four suns ? * * 3 . In 1962 , a standoff between the U.S. and the Soviet Union involved nuclear missiles in what Caribbean country ? * * 4 . What organization was awarded this year 's Nobel Peace Prize ? * * 5 . Who was the first person to break the sound barrier in a rocket plane ? * * 6 . What is the capital of Texas ? * * 7 . What is the best-selling toy of all time ? * * 8 . Tuesday 's U.S. presidential debate was held at Hofstra University in what state ? * * 9 . What financial term means the amount by which spending exceeds income ? * * 10 . Who led a raid against a federal armory in Harpers Ferry , Virginia  now West Virginia  on October 16 , 1859 ? * *	Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News Write your answers in the space provided Today 's Newsquiz includes the Media Literacy Question of the Day
CNN  -- The U.S. military and its allies hit ISIS targets in Syria and Iraq this weekend . While the scope of the airstrikes was not yet clear , several targets were hit , and the strikes appear to have succeeded . Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates assisted with attacks in Syria on Saturday and Sunday , including two near Dayr ar Zawr that destroyed an ISIS tank , one in northeast Syria that destroyed three armed vehicles and a Humvee and strikes on "  four  ISIS  - held modular refineries and an  ISIS  command and control node north of " Raqqa , a U.S. Central Command news release said . "  Although we continue to assess the outcome of these attacks , initial indications are that they were successful , " the statement said . In Iraq , fighter jets and drones conducted four airstrikes : one near Baghdad that destroyed an ISIS safehouse and damaged a checkpoint and three near Falluja that destroyed two ISIS checkpoints and a transport vehicle , U.S. Central Command said . U.S. splits emerge as Obama admits ISIS threat was misjudged The fight for border city But on the ground around the city of Kobani fierce battles raged between Kurdish forces and ISIS militants and were visible just across the border in Turkey on Saturday and Sunday . ISIS forces appeared to slowly gain territory in their offensive to take over the Kurdish city and solidify ISIS control over the Syrian border with Turkey . There have been several air strikes in the area , but eyewitnesses say the air strikes are too few and too far back from the front lines to slow the ISIS momentum . "  We need help . We need weapons . We need more effective airstrikes , " Kobani official Idriss Nassan said . "  If the situation stays like this , we will see a massacre . I ca n't imagine what will happen if ISIS gets inside Kobani . " There was no word on casualties , but activists said the situation is growing more troubling , as power and water remain cut , food and basic supplies are running low and there is no humanitarian aid . Many residents had already left the city and have sought refuge in Turkey , officials aid . A CNN team on the Turkey-Syria border that witnessed some of the fighting said ISIS appeared to be pushing back toward Kobani 's eastern front . Speaking at the World Economic Forum in Istanbul Sunday , Turkey 's President Tayyip Erdogan said that airstrikes alone will not be enough to halt terrorist organizations . He said Turkey can not remain outside the operation , signaling a change in his position towards cooperation . Turkey had been reluctant so far to support the coalition against ISIS . New al Qaeda message The leader of Al Qaeda 's franchise in Syria made his first public statement in eight months Sunday , vowing to fight the United States and it 's allies . In a 25-minute audio recording Abu Mohammed al-Jolani , head of the al-Nusra militants , also warned his rebels not to accept intervention from the West in their own fight against ISIS . The two groups have been fighting since ISIS was disowned by al Qaeda 's central command earlier this year . Al Qaeda offshoot leader killed ? Also Sunday , the United States was working to confirm whether a leader of the Khorasan group was killed last week during an airstrike in Syria . The Khorasan group is an al Qaeda offshoot in Syria composed of what the U.S. says are "  seasoned " terror operatives whose mission involves finding new ways to attack the United States and Europe . Though there were numerous reports that jihadists were offering condolences following the senior al Qaeda operative 's death , White House Deputy National Security Adviser Tony Blinken told CNN on Sunday morning he ca n't confirm the reports . Blinken 's remarks came as President Barack Obama , in an interview with "  60 Minutes " set to air Sunday night , said Syria had become "  ground zero for jihadists around the world . " U.S. forces and Sunni tribes were able to weaken al Qaeda in Iraq , but rather than defeat AQI , they pushed the group underground , he said . "  Over the past couple of years , during the chaos of the Syrian civil war , where essentially you have huge swaths of the country that are completely ungoverned , they were able to reconstitute themselves and take advantage of that chaos -- and attract foreign fighters , who believed in their jihadist nonsense and traveled everywhere from Europe to the United States to Australia to other parts of the Muslim world , converging on Syria , " Obama said . The President also said the United States had underestimated ISIS ' capabilities while overestimating the Iraqi military 's will to fight . CNN 's Talia Kayali , Gul Tuysuz , Antonia Mortenson , Ingrid Formanek , Salma Abdelaziz and Arwa Damon contributed to this report .	NEW : Turkey 's President said his country can not remain on the outside of ISIS fight Success of weekend strikes in Iraq , Syria being assessed but appear successful , U.S. says Tank , safehouse , refineries and "  command-and-control node " among targets hit , U.S. says Heavy fighting between ISIS and Kurdish troops In Kobani , Syria , food and supplies remain low , activist says
A federal judge struck down Oregon 's voter-approved ban on same-sex marriage Monday . "  Because Oregon 's marriage laws discriminate on the basis of sexual orientation without a rational relationship to any legitimate government interest , the laws violate the Equal Protection Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution , " U.S. District Judge Michael McShane said in his ruling . Oregon voters passed Measure 36 in 2004 , which amended the state 's Constitution to define marriage as between one man and a woman . In February , the state 's attorney general said she would not defend the ban in court because it would not stand up to a federal constitutional challenge . "  My decision will not be the final word on this subject , but on this issue of marriage I am struck more by our similarities than our differences . I believe that if we can look for a moment past gender and sexuality , we can see in these plaintiffs nothing more or less than our own families , families who we would expect our Constitution to protect , if not exalt , in equal measure , " McShane said . "  With discernment we see not shadows lurking in closets or the stereotypes of what was once believed ; rather , we see families committed to the common purpose of love , devotion , and service to the greater community . " Same-sex couples camped out in lawn chairs outside a government building in Oregon 's largest county while waiting for the news , then cheered as word of the judge 's decision spread . Multnomah County began issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples minutes later , the county said in a statement . Ben West , one of the plaintiffs who challenged Oregon 's constitutional ban , stood beside his fiance and his son as he told CNN affiliate KGW that he was thrilled by the news . "  We 're excited . It 's surreal . We 're part of history . Our family is recognized , I mean , I 'm tingling . It 's amazing , " he said . "  It means that my son 's family is just as legitimate as the one next door , and that he can grow up proud . " At a news conference shortly after the judge 's ruling , activists and attorneys who challenged the amendment celebrated the news . "  Love won today , " said Marty Rouse , national field director for the Human Rights Campaign . Ten years ago , Rouse said , the first same-sex marriages in the United States were celebrated in Massachusetts . And 45 years ago marked another historic moment , he said . "  Same-sex couples were arrested and sent to jail for dancing together at establishments like the Stonewall Inn , " he said . "  Today , 45 years later , in 18 states and now including Oregon and the District of Columbia , same-sex couples are dancing together at their own weddings , and they have wedding rings , not handcuffs . History in Oregon . Congratulations . " Meanwhile , the National Organization for Marriage , which opposes same-sex marriage , said it had filed a motion with the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals asking judges to block McShane 's ruling . "  This case is an ugly example of inappropriate cooperation between the Attorney General and the gay marriage lobby , both of whom want to redefine marriage in contravention of the overwhelming decision of the people to define marriage as the union of one man and one woman , " Brian Brown , the organization 's president , said in a statement . "  The people of Oregon are entitled to a defense of their decision on marriage rather than being abandoned in court . " Same-sex marriage now allowed in 18 states The Oregon ruling continues a near-unbroken string of state and federal court victories nationwide in the past year for supporters of same-sex marriage . Seventeen other states and the District of Columbia allow same-sex marriage within their borders : California , Connecticut , Delaware , Hawaii , Illinois , Iowa , Maine , Maryland , Massachusetts , Minnesota , New Hampshire , New Jersey , New Mexico , New York , Rhode Island , Vermont , and Washington . Just over a decade ago , there were none . Earlier this month , judges in Arkansas and Idaho ruled that same-sex marriage bans in those states were unconstitutional . Both decisions are being appealed . This month also marks the two-year anniversary of President Barack Obama voicing his public support for the first time of same-sex marriage , citing his own "  evolution " on the issue . "  At a certain point , I 've just concluded that for me personally it is important for me to go ahead and affirm that I think same-sex couples should be able to get married , " Obama said at the time . Groups supporting same-sex marriage applauded the Oregon ruling . "  The importance of Judge McShane 's decision can not be overemphasized , " said David Fidanque , executive director of the ACLU of Oregon . "  Our federal Constitution does not allow any state -- or its voters -- to deny same-sex couples equal protection under the law simply because of who they are and who they love . This type of discrimination is wrong , and it 's also unconstitutional . " But court battles over the matter are far from over . About 70 cases dealing with same-sex marriage are now making their way through U.S. courts . Separate federal appeals courts in recent weeks heard challenges to same-sex marriage bans in Utah , Oklahoma and Virginia . Similar appeals will be heard on current bans in Nevada , Texas , Kentucky , Ohio and Michigan . Federal judge orders Utah to recognize same-sex marriages Also Monday , a federal judge said Utah must recognize the marriages of more than 1,200 same-sex couples who obtained marriage licenses earlier this year after a court struck down that state 's same-sex marriage ban . The U.S. Supreme Court days later issued a stay preventing any more same-sex marriages , but that action left those who got married in the interim in legal limbo . The judge 's ruling Monday says Utah must give those couples "  all the protections , benefits , and responsibilities given to all marriages under Utah law . " While some details of the Oregon and Utah cases are similar , there 's a key difference . In Utah , the state is appealing a judge 's decision to overturn its voter-approved ban of same-sex marriage . Gov. Gary Herbert slammed what he said was a decision by an "  activist federal judge . " In Oregon , officials are taking the opposite tack , praising the judge 's ruling overturning their state 's same-sex marriage ban . "  Now , finally , all Oregonians will have the opportunity to make a legal commitment to the person they love . Every person and every family in Oregon deserves that chance , " Gov. John Kitzhaber said in a statement . "  Today is a win for love , for families , and for freedom . "	Plaintiff : "  It means that my son 's family is just as legitimate as the one next door " Judge : Oregon 's voter-approved same-sex marriage ban is unconstitutional Activist after the ruling : "  Love won today " Opponents of same-sex marriage say Oregon abandoned citizens in court
CNN  Political chaos roiled oil-rich Venezuela Friday after intelligence agents in the socialist government of President Nicolas Maduro arrested the mayor of Caracas . The arrest came just days after Maduro accused the mayor of involvement in a plot to overthrow the government . Agents arrested Mayor Antonio Ledezma -- a well-known opposition politician -- on Thursday in a raid that sparked a fierce outcry from the president 's political opponents . President Nicolas Maduro said the mayor will be prosecuted "  so that he answers for all of the crimes committed against the peace , security and constitution of our country . " In a televised address , Maduro said Caracas Mayor Antonio Ledezma was captured by order of the Attorney General 's Office . A high-level Venezuelan military source with knowledge of the situation told CNN en Español the mayor was taken into custody because of his alleged involvement in a plot to overthrow the government an accusation Maduro leveled last week . Ledezma denied it , calling it the government 's latest attempt to manufacture controversy and target political opponents . In 2009 , Ledezma staged a hunger strike to protest the political tactics of former Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez . His attorney , Omar Estacio , decried his detention . Ledezma was "  virtually kidnapped , " Estacio said , calling it "  a violation of the most fundamental principles of Venezuelan law and international law . " The mayor 's office told CNN en Español that more than 150 intelligence agents participated in Thursday 's raid . "  They destroyed the doors , " his wife , Mitzy Capriles , told CNN en Español . "  There was no room for mediation .  My husband  was asking them to please stay calm and was asking what was going on . Abruptly , pushing and shoving , and without saying a word a gigantic , enormous contingent of agents , who were all over the place on the sixth-floor office where he works part of the day , took him away . " Richard Blanco , an opposition Venezuelan lawmaker whose office is also in the building , said he witnessed Ledezma 's arrest . "  They pushed me as well and they pointed their guns at me , " he said . "  They broke the metropolitan mayor 's office glass doors with a sledgehammer . " Opposition leaders said Ledezma was a political prisoner unjustly held by the government . Word of his detention spread rapidly on social media after a Twitter post from the mayor 's account Thursday evening said his office had been surrounded by police . About 90 minutes later , another tweet from the account , purportedly written by the mayor 's wife , said he had been beaten and detained without any arrest warrant . "  I hold Maduro responsible for the life of my husband , " the tweet said . Accusations of coup conspiracies have a long history in Venezuela . A coup briefly removed Chavez from office in 2002 . In his national broadcast Thursday night , Maduro repeated accusations that his government had blocked a U.S.-backed opposition coup plot that included plans to attack the presidential palace with a military jet . "  Enough already with vampires who conspire against peace , " he said . Maduro 's accusations spurred a sharp response from the U.S. State Department , which called them "  baseless and false . " "  The United States is not promoting unrest in Venezuela nor are we attempting to undermine Venezuela 's economy or its government . We remain Venezuela 's largest trading partner , " State Department spokesman Jen Psaki said in a statement Thursday night . "  Venezuela 's economic and political problems are the result of the policies of the Venezuelan government . The Venezuelan government should stop attempting to distract attention from the country 's economic and political problems and focus on finding real solutions through democratic dialogue among Venezuelans . " The accusations and the Caracas mayor 's arrest come as opposition protesters mark the one-year anniversary of a wave of anti-government demonstrations that rocked Venezuela and led to the arrest of opposition leader Leopoldo Lopez . CNN 's Pierre Meilhan , Edwin Mesa , Nelson Quiñones and Laura Koran contributed to this report .	Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro says the mayor of Caracas will be prosecuted A military source says Antonio Ledezma was arrested because of alleged involvement in a coup plot Ledezma denied that accusation last week and said Maduro is targeting the opposition
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Central London fell silent save for the tolling of Big Ben as the United Kingdom honored the dead of wars past and present on Remembrance Sunday . Queen Elizabeth II then laid a wreath at the Cenotaph , the war memorial on Whitehall near Parliament , after a military band played the "  Last Post . " Other members of the royal family , including her husband , Prince Philip , and grandchildren Princes Harry and William , followed suit under steel-gray skies as Britain marked a tradition going back to the end of World War I. Harry was representing his father Prince Charles , the heir to the throne , who is in Canada . Hours before the ceremony began , the Ministry of Defence announced the 200th British soldier had been killed in hostile action in Afghanistan . The soldier , from the 2nd Battalion , The Rifles , was killed in an explosion in Helmand province , the main British area of operations , in southern Afghanistan . That was then followed by the news that another soldier from 4th Battalion , The Rifles , died from injuries sustained in an explosion that happened in the same region near Sangin . Both soldier 's families have been informed , the Ministry of Defence said . An American soldier was also killed in an insurgent attack in western Afghanistan , the International Security Assistance Force said in a statement . The event was not related to an ongoing search for two U.S. Army paratroopers , who went missing Wednesday near Afghanistan 's border with Turkmenistan , ISAF said . The service member 's name was not released . British troops also marked Remembrance Sunday in Afghanistan . The country honors war dead each year on the Sunday closest to November 11 , the day World War I ended in 1918 . The memorials this year come as many Britons question the country 's military mission in Afghanistan . The UK has about 9,000 troops there , the second-largest contingent after the United States . Prime Minister Gordon Brown attempted to shore up support for the eight-year-old mission Friday . "  Our mission must not fail , " Brown said . "  It is not easy , the choices are not simple , there is no strategy that is without danger and risk , but that is the responsibility of leadership of government and of our armed forces -- to do what is necessary , however difficult , to keep the British people safe . "  We can not , must not , and will not walk away , " Brown said . Sunday marked the first Remembrance Sunday since the death of the last two British World War I veterans living in the U.K. , Harry Patch and Henry Allingham . Patch , 111 , and Allingham , 113 , died within a week of each other in July . Brown and other political leaders laid wreaths after the royal family at the Cenotaph , a memorial designed by the eminent early 20th-century architect Edward Lutyens . Diplomats from countries that used to be part of the British Empire followed , as did uniformed and civilian leaders of the British military . Rows of uniformed veterans stood on Whitehall for the service , wearing red paper poppies in their lapels . The Royal British Legion sells the paper poppies every year to raise money for veterans ' causes . They are ubiquitous across the country in the weeks leading up to Remembrance Sunday . The ceremony lasted about 20 minutes from the moment of silence at 11 a.m.  6 a.m. ET  through the singing of "  God Save the Queen " after a short service led by the Bishop of London , Richard Chartres . After the royal family left the memorial , military veterans and members of the public also walked past the Cenotaph .	Queen Elizabeth II and Royal family lay wreaths at the Cenotaph , the war memorial near Parliament in London Britain honors its war dead each year on the Sunday closest to November 11 , the day World War I ended in 1918 Hours before the ceremony began , the 200th British soldier was been killed in hostile action in Afghanistan That was followed by the news that a U.S. soldier and another British soldier died in separate incidents
China 's space plans are ambitious , incremental and extensive . Should Americans be worried that China will overtake us in both space exploration and military capability in space ? No , not yet . This week , China successfully achieved its first manned space docking with the launch of the Shenzhou 9 spacecraft that carried two men and China 's first female astronaut . Part one of China 's Project 921 , a 30-year plan for space exploration that was approved in 1992 , is complete . This is progress , indeed . Project 921 is the result of China 's fear of being left behind in the development of space technology . Part one was about attaining human spaceflight . Part two -- which is where China is now -- focuses on testing advanced technologies , like maneuvering and docking . Part three envisions a large  about 20 tons , the size of Skylab  space station . China sends first female astronaut to space A manned mission to the moon was never included in the plan and has only recently become a topic of discussion in China . When talks do come up of putting a Chinese on the moon as early as 2016 , they can rile U.S. officials and engender international prestige for China , especially as the U.S. space program appears to be floundering . But China is not overtaking the United States in space . It is , however , advancing . The execution of China 's space program has led to "  tortoise and hare " comparisons with the United States . During the Apollo phase , the United States advanced very quickly , launching many missions which culminated in reaching the moon by a decade 's end . In contrast , China launches a mission about every two years , but takes large steps with each one and has a much longer timeline for achieving its goals . What China has that the United States lacks -- and what may give the Chinese an advantage over the long run -- is patience . China 's path to space is not without obstacles , though . Launching their large space station will require a new heavy lift vehicle , the Long March 5 , which is still in development and behind schedule . And China 's ambitions do not come with an unlimited budget , even though it has already spent billions . In response , the U.S. needs to keep moving forward . The Obama administration 's decision to redirect the civilian space program to a private-public partnership is smart . A space exploration program fully funded by the government is unsustainable . The recent use of the privately developed Flacon-9 / Dragon duo to resupply the International Space Station indicates that if the private sector can handle low-Earth orbit needs , then over time NASA can focus its limited budget on new , more distant exploration goals . But Americans are not known for patience . The real danger for the United States is in ceding space exploration and leadership to China because it lacks the political will to proceed at a steady , supportable pace . This will have broad strategic implications . Complicating the issue is the largely dual-use nature of space technology , which can be used for both civilian and military purposes . And it is difficult to discern whether military space assets are intended for offense or defense . The difference between a rocket and a missile is considerable in political considerations , but nominal in terms of technology . A country that possesses missile defense could also use it as a weapon . So what can be done if we need to protect our space assets ? One thing is clear -- weapons are not the answer . China 's irresponsible 2007 anti-satellite weapon test exponentially increased the amount of space debris in orbit , which is dangerous to operating satellites . Space debris is now recognized by all countries  and militaries  as a threat to space assets . An International Space Code of Conduct is being discussed in the United Nations . It would state what responsible spacefaring nations consider acceptable behaviors in space . Though legally nonbinding , it would be a first step toward maintaining the sustainability of the space environment for use by all . The United States largely knows what space technology China possesses , but it does n't know what China 's intentions are . The United States should try to better understand China 's space goals . However , NASA is prohibited by law from working with China . This makes no sense . If one believes that China and the United States are not inherently enemies , then working together on space projects -- with technology transfer controls -- will benefit both countries . If one believes that China is inherently a threat to the United States , then the adage "  keep your friends close and your enemies closer " comes to mind . The script for U.S.-China relations -- and space relations in particular -- is constantly evolving . The United States can influence the direction , but only if we engage and persuade the Chinese to engage with us . It 's one way of preventing a scenario of a galactic Wild West in which China has become the world 's leader in space . Historic Chinese space mission docks successfully Follow CNN 's space and science blog Lightyears	China successfully achieved its first manned space docking this week Joan Johnson-Freese : U.S. should not worry just yet about China overtaking it in space She says real danger is if U.S. cedes space exploration to China because it lacks patience Johnson-Freese : It would benefit both U.S. and China to work together on space projects
Mexico City  CNN  -- Saadi Gadhafi , a son of the deposed Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi , secretly tried to travel to Mexico using false documents , Mexico 's interior minister said Wednesday . Four people have been implicated in the alleged plot -- a Canadian , a Dane and two Mexicans , said the minister , Alejandro Poire . The arrests of the alleged plotters , which occurred last month , were announced Wednesday . Officials called their efforts "  Operation House Guest . " "  With these actions , the federal government contributes actively to a safe North America , " said Alejandra Sota , a government spokeswoman . The plan was to provide false documents claiming Mexican nationality for Saadi Gadhafi and his family , and to purchase a number of properties in Mexico for use as safe houses , Poire said . One of the houses was in Bahia de Banderas , a tourist town in western Mexico 's Nayarit state , he said . Mexican intelligence detected the alleged plot on September 6 , he said . Intelligence agents followed the trail and discovered that Cynthia Ann Vanier , a Canadian who was in direct contact with the Gadhafi family , was the leader of the ring , Poire said . Vanier was arrested on November 10 . The next day , authorities arrested Gabriela Davila Huerta o Cueto , a Mexican living in the United States who Poire said was in charge of getting the false documents . Pierre Christian Flemsborg , a Dane , was in charge of logistics , Poire said , and was arrested on November 11 . Also arrested was Mexican Jose Luis Kennedy Prieto , who helped obtain the phony documents , Poire said . The suspects face charges that include falsifying documents and opening bank accounts under false identities . According to Poire , the Gadhafis would have entered the country under the following aliases : Daniel Bejar Hanan , Amira Sayed Nader , Moah Bejar Sayed and Sofia Bejar Sayed . Saadi Gadhafi remains in Niger , a landlocked West African nation bordering Libya , to which he fled this year as his father 's regime was collapsing . He had offered to negotiate an end to the war with the rebels in Libya after his father 's troops lost control of Tripoli , but appeared later to change his mind . Saadi Gadhafi 's lawyer , Nick Kaufman , said he spoke with his client Wednesday . "  There is absolutely no truth whatsoever to the allegation that , since fleeing Libya where his life was in grave danger , Saadi Gaddafi has attempted to flout the restrictive measures placed on him by the international community , " Kaufman said . The alleged plot , however , would have been hatched while Saadi Gadhafi was still in Libya , before he fled to Niger . Wednesday 's announcement appeared to have been spurred by an investigation into the plot by the Canadian newspaper National Post . The newspaper spoke with the CEO of a Canadian security company who said he was involved in the alleged plan to move Saadi and his family to Mexico . Gary Peters , CEO of Can/Aust Security and Investigations International , told the paper that the plan was to be carried out with the approval of the Mexican government , which was to have supplied the documentation . Mexico contradicted that version with its own allegations Wednesday . The National Post article mentioned Varnier , whom it identified as a Canadian consultant who traveled to Libya in July on fact-finding mission with Peters . Two of the men who helped secure the private jet used for the trip were among those arrested with Varnier , the paper reported . The Canadian government confirmed the arrest of a Canadian in connection with the case and said Canadian consular officials in Mexico City and in Ottawa were providing assistance as required . Niger President Mahamadou Issoufou had reaffirmed his country 's decision to grant asylum to Saadi Gadhafi , saying he should be allowed to stay and be treated like other Libyan refugees . Libya 's National Transitional Council has blasted that stance . A businessman , Saadi Gadhafi ran the Libyan Football Federation before the unrest began . He played soccer for Perugia in Italy for one season . Leaked U.S. diplomatic cables posted on WikiLeaks say he had "  scuffles " with police in Europe . Moammar Gadhafi was killed in Libya on October 20 . Another of Moammar Gadhafi 's sons , Saif al-Islam Gadhafi , was captured after a gun battle in the Libyan desert . Senior Libyan military officials said they believe the potential Gadhafi successor was also trying to make his way to Niger . Saif al-Islam had been on the run since shortly after rebels overran his father 's Bab al-Aziziya compound in the capital in August . The International Criminal Court in Netherlands wants Saif al-Islam for alleged crimes against humanity , including murder allegedly committed during the uprising . CNN 's Nic Robertson contributed to this report .	The name of the operation is "  Operation House Guest " Lawyer says Saadi Gadhafi has not tried to violate his restrictions A newspaper investigation brought attention to the case
CNN  -- Southern Britain is getting hammered by a major Atlantic storm , which could be its worst in years , and the search for a missing teenager swept out to sea ended for the night with no sign of the boy . The unidentified teenager disappeared from Newhaven , East Sussex , on the southern coast , according to the Royal National Lifeboat Institution . Strong winds blew and heavy rains fell late Sunday . Conditions were expected to worsen as the night progresses . "  This weather system is typical of what we expect to see in winter , but as it 's coming in during autumn -- when trees are in leaf -- and while the ground is fairly saturated , it does pose some risks . We could see some uprooted trees or other damage from the winds , and there 's a chance of some surface water flooding from the rainfall -- all of which could lead to some disruption , " said Martin Young , chief forecaster at the Met Office , the UK 's national weather service . Gusts of 60 to 70 mph are forecast in southern parts of England and Wales , with bursts of 80 mph or more in some places . "  While this is a major storm for the UK , we do n't currently expect winds to be as strong as those seen in the ` Great Storm ' of 1987 or the ` Burns Day storm ' of 1990 , " Young said . The 1987 Great Storm was responsible for the deaths of 18 people in Britain and four in France . The Burns Day storm left a trail of destruction from the Isles of Scilly to Denmark , killing 100 people , including 47 in the British Isles , according to the Met Office . The storm could complicate travel conditions Monday morning . The Met Office advised people to take precautions and consider staying off the roads until the worst of the winds has passed . CNN 's Joseph Netto , Dana Ford and Erin McLaughlin contributed to this report .	NEW : A teenager is missing after being swept out to sea Strong winds blew and heavy rains fell late Sunday Conditions are expected to worsen as the night progresses Gusts of 60 to 70 mph are forecast in parts of England and Wales
Oprah.com  -- Through the years , Wynonna Judd has publicly shared her most painful struggles . "  People walk up to me in airports and say , ` Why did you put your dirty laundry on Oprah ? ' I said , ` Because I want to be a teacher , ' " she says . "  I 'm willing to teach through my mistakes and my victories . " Now , Wynonna hopes to help others by sharing how she survived an unimaginable betrayal . In 2007 , Wynonna 's then-husband , Daniel Roach , was convicted of attempted aggravated sexual battery against a minor . Wynonna says she was in a public place when she first learned of Roach 's arrest . "  I 'm literally in an airport on a golf cart , and people are pointing at me , ` Oh , she 's the girl on the 5 o ' clock news . ' " Once home , Wynonna says she went into "  mama bear mode " with her own children , Elijah and Grace . "  He was out of the house within the hour , " she says . "  I called him everything I could think of . I had a moment where I let it all fly , and then it was done . " Five days after Roach 's arrest , Wynonna filed for divorce from the man who had once been her bodyguard . The ordeal , Wynonna says , broke her wide open . "  I trusted him with my life , and I did n't want to stop trusting -LSB- people -RSB- , " she says . "  It 's a little tough because once burned , forever fears the fire . I did n't want to be hell hath no fury like a woman scorned . " Though she 'll talk about her own pain , Wynonna says she 's reluctant to speak about certain aspects of the case out of respect for the child involved . "  This story is so deep and wide . There 's more to it than I can tell you , " she says . "  Because of the child , I wo n't speak about it . It 's their story -LSB- to tell -RSB- when they 're ready to talk . " Still , she admits she did know the child . "  That 's what 's so scary is that it is someone that you know , " she says . "  There 's a trust there . There 's a bond . " Wynonna says she 's had to step back from the child and his or her family since the incident . "  They 're in the -LSB- healing -RSB- process , and it 's none of my business , " she says . "  I had to separate from it or it would have killed me . I literally had to physically , emotionally and spiritually literally place them at the feet of Jesus . " Oprah.com : Watch Wynonna discuss healing her family Wynonna says she was determined to become better , not bitter , after her divorce . "  When I got really alone , my life coach said : ` You 'll think you 're going to die from crying of a broken heart . And if you 'll let yourself lean into the pain , you 'll wake up one day and you 'll stop crying and you 'll move forward , ' " she says . "  I just had to have faith and believe in someone else because I did n't believe in myself . " Wynonna says Roach struggled with addiction , and her family had to learn to heal from that . "  That saved me , making sure that my children , that we , could break the cycle of addiction , " she says . "  It 's baffling . It 's cunning . We are not our diseases . " According to Wynonna , Roach is in recovery . "  He 's sober , and that 's what matters to me now . " In the end , Wynonna found strength in focusing on what was best for her and her children . "  The best revenge is living well , " she says . "  I cleaned out my house , got rid of everything that reminded me of him . " Forgiveness , she says , is an ongoing process . " -LSB- I -RSB- have n't forgotten , but I have forgiven . Enough that I humanly can , " she says . "  I do n't wish him dead or anything like that . I just wish to be one of those people that does n't spend my life being defined by that . " Oprah.com : Wynonna Judd 's love of animals Today , Wynonna is lighter both mentally and physically . She 's lost 60 pounds by taking things one step at a time . "  In my darkest hour , I had a choice to make : I can be a victim or a victor . And I just started walking in the wilderness and screaming at God , ` Why ? ' " she says . "  I just kept walking , and next thing I know , I like to walk . So I call it meditative walking versus ` I 've - got-to-be-in-the-Olympics ' or ` get-back-to-my-original-weight-of-8-pounds-15-ounces ' -LSB- walking -RSB- . " As a result , Wynonna 's loving her spirit and her body . "  Let 's just put it this way : I do n't look in the mirror and go , ` You suck , ' " she says . "  The other day , a guy half my age asked me out , and I said : " I admire your courage , but you 're not showing good sense . I could eat you up alive . ' " Wynonna says she 's finally putting herself first . "  I feel like I finally got it . I turned 45 , went through a horrible divorce , " she says . "  I lost my family and I gained myself because I was all alone with God . " Wynonna says she 's also found balance . "  I just started to say no , which was painful . I started to work less , " she says . "  And I 'm making more because I 'm making decisions based on faith , not fear . " Her need to please is also a thing of the past . "  I do n't have to solve everything , and I do n't care as much if everyone loves me , " she says . Instead , Wynonna enjoys the present . "  Before I came -LSB- onstage -RSB- , I stopped and I looked around . I paid attention to my environment and where I 'm at , " she says . "  I 'm not so hell-bent on the destination . I know it 's a journey . I 'm in a really good place . " Oprah.com : A retrospective of the Judds ' family Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2011 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Wynonna Judd has publicly shared some of her most painful struggles Judd hopes to help others by sharing how she overcame obstacles , including betrayal Judd : "  The best revenge is living well "
Hong Kong  CNN  -- The world 's second Bitcoin ATM is due to land in Hong Kong by the end of this month , according to U.S. based software company Robocoin . The machine , available for sale to individual operators such as banks and private entrepreneurs , allows users to buy or sell Bitcoin in just a few minutes . The process should be much faster than setting up an account on an exchange or via mobile apps and computers which could take a few days for account verification . The advent of Bitcoin ATMs is seen as a step towards bringing the digital currency into the real world . "  It removes all the pain and barriers of entry to buying Bitcoin on an online exchange , " said Robocoin chief executive Jordan Kelley . "  Our goal as a company is to make the acquisition truly grandma friendly , " he added . The virtual currency has generated lots of media attention in China where investors have helped drive the price up to dramatic highs above $ 1,000 . "  I think we 're going to unleash the power of Bitcoin . It opens a virtual money portal where people can send money to and from , " said Kelley . This is how it works : Customers must choose to either buy or sell Bitcoin . Let 's say you want to make a withdrawal from your Bitcoin wallet . After choosing an amount of cash you 'd like to withdraw , the software installed in the ATM generates a code which you have to scan with your smartphone . Simultaneously , the machine also produces a receipt . Following a confirmation from the Bitcoin network to your phone , you can then scan the code on the receipt at the kiosk , which then prompts the ATM to spit out the allotted amount of cash . The machine is also equipped with a hand scanner that creates a biometric authenticated identity as an anti-money laundering measure . Casper Cheng Tsz Chun , a Hong Kong Bitcoin enthusiast , said the ATM would work a bit like a vending machine "  for buying and selling virtual goods  Bitcoin  instead of physical goods like a can of soda . " Robocoin 's first Bitcoin ATM launched in Vancouver in October , and after a month of operation , transactions have totaled 1 million Canadian Dollars  $ 942,000  in total transactions , according to the company . Kelley said the company has already sold 50 ATMs to other operators worldwide but they are not yet in operation . The company said it chose Hong Kong as the next place to launch its cash machine for the virtual currency because it "  responds well to technological innovation . " Kelley declined to disclose where the ATM would be located . Not every government in Asia is ready for a Bitcoin ATM . Taiwan 's Financial Supervisory Commission  FSC  and Central Bank released a joint statement on their website on Monday stating it does not recognize Bitcoin as an accepted form of currency . The installation of Robocoin Bitcoin ATMs will be prohibited said Tseng Ming-chung , FSC chairman in an interview with Taiwan 's Central News Agency . "  Bitcoin is not real currency and banks can not receive or provide it . Installing ATMs require the authorization of the FSC , but it will not be approved , thus it is ` impossible ' for Bitcoin ATMs to enter or appear in Taiwan , " Central News Agency reported . The statement also warned institutions against the risk of investing in Bitcoin because of the extremely volatile price . China 's central bank issued new rules in December that prohibited financial institutions from dealing in the digital currency . While it did not outlaw individuals from owning Bitcoin , it specifies that it is not to be considered a currency . Despite the setback , Robocoin 's chief executive said he still firmly believes China will come to accept Bitcoin . "  Citizens around the world love Bitcoin . The Chinese are very pragmatic in their approach , they just want to make sure they have a very good understanding of the market and the usage , " he said . Kelley revealed that Robocoin has begun talks with several operators in China that are reaching out to the government and local regulators to "  educate " them about the value and potential of the Bitcoin market . CNN 's Charles Riley contributed to this story .	World 's second Bitcoin ATM to open in Hong Kong by the end of January Customers can buy or sell Bitcoin from the machine in just a few minutes Company CEO : "  I think we 're going to unleash the power of Bitcoin " However , not all Asian governments recognize Bitcoin as a real currency
When I first heard The Beatles , as a child , I thought they walked into the recording studio with a genius idea and they executed that idea perfectly . Every note , every word , every la da da dadada was planned and just had to be laid down on wax . The recordings were perfect . The Beatles were geniuses and that 's how geniuses created works of art . I had never met anyone who created real music and I figured musicians had ideas for sounds in their heads and then performed them . That was the job and to do it you had to be a genius . Then I bought my first bootleg record . Stamped on the plain jacket were the words "  Kum Back " and the record store had it filed under Beatles . I kind of knew what I was buying . I knew these were recordings of The Beatles that The Beatles had n't wanted released . I was a Beatlemaniac : Remembering The Beatles ' American invasion There was n't even shrink-wrap to unseal with my thumbnail before I put it on the turntable . The song titles were n't listed on the label , there was just a picture of a pig and a hole in the record that was n't even centered . This was dirty and wrong . It turns out the bootleg of "  Kum Back " I had was not even the real bootleg of the Glyn Johns acetate . It was another collection of Beatles stuff misnamed to cash in on the first Beatle bootleg . In my town we got counterfeit bootlegs . As I turned up my mom 's record player loud what I heard changed my life . I heard The Beatles making mistakes . I heard them fumbling around to find their genius . It was mostly outtakes from "  Let it Be . " "  Let it Be " was supposed to be funkier , dirtier , and more live sounding than "  Sgt. Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band , " but my inexperienced ears did n't understand that . The released album , even with "  Dig it " and "  One After 909 " and Phil Spector 's inappropriate production was perfect to me . Even the giggles on "  Let it Be " had seemed planned to me . But this bootleg had Paul singing out of tune ! It had versions of the songs that were different . It had The Beatles trying different tempos , different lyrics and different ideas . It had The Beatles fighting . I heard The Beatles failing . I heard The Beatles working . Video : The Sixties : The British invasion I still believe The Beatles started with ideas . They had feelings in their hearts and thoughts in their minds they wanted to express . But learning that they did n't have perfect blueprints from their genius was a revelation . It inspired me to start to practice and rehearse the stupid ideas that I had . Armed with nothing more than the knowledge that The Beatles had to work on the records , I started learning to juggle and do magic . It 's been way more than 20 years ago today and I still have n't finished my juggling/magic Sgt. Pepper 's , but I 'm still working . I 've met a lot of musicians , and they bang around a lot before they come up with the finished track , or the finished composition . I 've learned that writing books , essays , and magic patter is mostly editing . No matter how clear the idea is , you have to monkey with it . You have to work . Even Bob Dylan crosses things out and starts again . The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame has his notes on display to prove that .  Although I still believe it 's possible that Dylan fabricated those mistakes after the fact just to test our faith , like some creationists believe god created confusing fossils . In comedy Charlie Chaplin and Buster Keaton are often held up as two ends of the discovery/vision continuum . Lore is that Chaplin would monkey around on the set trying all sorts of things until something seemed right and Keaton supposedly showed up just to shoot the scene he already had in his head . I 've always respected Keaton so much more than Chaplin -- I like the idea of having an idea -- but I 'm sure there are Keaton outtakes . Keaton did n't just risk his life and break his bones -- he also had to work . He must have run down some dead ends . I understood the idea of work in music , comedy , movies , writing , performance , and certainly juggling and magic , but the fine arts still had that wall of genius separating pure inspiration from work . I would see studies and sketches in museums , but even those seemed perfect . I thought the fine arts were something else , something different , a pure kind of genius . Then about five years ago my buddy , entrepreneur and inventor Tim Jenison , told me he was going to paint his version of Vermeer 's "  The Music Lesson " in his warehouse in San Antonio . Tim reckoned that Vermeer did n't just get a perfect photorealistic image in his head and move it to the canvas with a steady handful of talent . Tim figured that Vermeer had used a machine and a lot of hard work . Tim was going to recreate a machine like that and with no experience or talent for oil painting , Tim was going to try to do his own Vermeer . This would n't be just four Liverpudlians sitting around in a room with guitars , drum and a piano serving the muse . Tim would first have to tear down the wall of his warehouse in Texas to put in windows for the proper light , build all the furniture himself to recreate Vermeer 's room from the 17th Century , grind his own lenses , grind his own 17th century style pigments  many of which are illegal today because they 're so poisonous  , mix his own paint and after all that and more , then he could start the backbreaking and mind-numbing work of painting with his machine . It would cost him more money and man-hours than all the Beatle albums put together . I told Tim we had to document his trying to paint a Vermeer , and I convinced Teller to direct a movie that would be Tim 's bootleg "  Kum Back " to Vermeer 's perfect "  Let it Be . " I love Tim and did n't think I could respect him more than I did before he started this project . I was wrong . Tim is The Beatles . Tim is Vermeer . Tim is a genius . "  Tim 's Vermeer " did n't diminish my love , respect , enjoyment or awe of Vermeer 's paintings . I still believe in genius . But , for better or worse , all geniuses have to work their asses off . There will be an answer , but you ca n't just let it be .	Penn Jillette : As a kid , I thought the Beatles recorded their songs without a hitch He says bootleg recordings showed him the mistakes and rigors of creative process Genius does n't mean doing everything right the first time , he says Jillette : My friend Tim Jenison showed process in detail as he tried to paint a Vermeer
CNET  -- Verizon Wireless smartphone customers use 25 percent more data than AT&T iPhone customers , thanks in large part to new Verizon 's new Android smartphones , a recent study indicates . Validas , a company that analyzes cell phone bills and usage for consumers and corporate customers , analyzed 20,000 consumer phone bills between January and May of 2010 and discovered that Verizon Wireless smartphone customers consume on average about 421 megabytes per month . Meanwhile , AT&T iPhone users consume roughly 25 percent less data , or about 338 megabytes per month . The full Validas report will be published on September 1 . The comparison between smartphone data usage on Verizon 's network and iPhone data usage on AT&T 's network is important to note , because iPhone users have typically been viewed as the heaviest data users in the entire mobile market . The fact that Verizon is seeing a major uptick in data usage in the past six months , largely due to new Android smartphones , could be a key predictor of wireless data usage patterns going forward . If the trends continue , Verizon could see an explosion in data usage . So far , Verizon 's network has n't faced any major hiccups due to the onslaught of new data traffic . This is in contrast to AT&T 's network , which , over the past three years since the iPhone was launched , has beencriticized for dropping calls and offering slower than expected data download speedson their iPhones in some parts of the country . "  Verizon 's network is holding up really well as it adds more data traffic , " said Ed Finegold , chief analytics officer for Validas . "  Verizon has always had a reputation for a solid network . And it looks like so far , it has been able to handle the additional traffic . " As Verizon continues to sell more Android devices , the carrier will likely put its network to the test even further . Smartphone data usage started exploding for Verizon when the company launched its first Android phones in the fourth quarter last year , Finegold said . With more Android devices coming on the market in the next few months , it 's likely that the volume of Android smartphones on Verizon 's network will increase . That said , the total number of cell phone customers -- including those using feature phones and smartphones -- using Verizon data services is much less than the number of customers using these services on AT&T 's network . For example , 71.2 percent of all AT&T cell phone subscribers , which includes users of smartphones like the iPhone as well as feature phones , use data services , while only 43 percent of all Verizon cell phone users subscribe to data services . Even though fewer Verizon cell phone subscribers are using data services , individually , they are consuming roughly the same amount of data each month as the average AT&T customer . AT&T cell phone subscribers , on average , consume 149.6 MB a month . The average Verizon cell phone subscriber consumes about 147.2 MB of data per month . When it comes to smartphones , usage patterns between AT&T and Verizon customers are also similar . But Verizon appears to have more power-users that fall in the midrange of data consumption . According to data analyzed by Validas , about half of AT&T 's iPhone customers use less than 200MB of data per month . And about 47 percent of their iPhone subscribers use between 200MB and 2GB of data with about 90 percent of those customers using less than 1GB of data per month . This means that about 2.5 percent of AT&T 's users consume more than 2GB of data per month . Hard-core data users Verizon Wireless smartphone subscribers have similar usage patterns to those on AT&T 's network . But where they differ is in the number of subscribers that are using between 500MB to 1GB per month of data . Verizon has twice as many of those customers than AT&T has , Finegold said . More than 11 percent of Verizon Wireless smartphone users fall into this category , versus just 5.6 percent of iPhone users . He speculates this difference is because Android users tend to be more hard-core data users , whereas the iPhone may be used more by casual users who like the phone because it 's cool . "  The iPhone makes much more of a lifestyle and social statement than an Android phone makes , " Finegold said . "  People interested in an Android are looking for horsepower . " In an effort to keep iPhone data usage in check so it does n't completely overwhelm its network , AT&T recently eliminated its all you-can-eat data plan . Instead the company offers two tiers of services . For $ 15 a month , new smartphone subscribers can get up to 200MB of data per month . And for $ 25 a month they can get 2GB of data . Verizon still offers its unlimited data plan . Company executives emphasized that point at the launch of the new Motorola Droid X earlier this summer . But executives have also said that Verizon will eventually move to a tiered pricing model . AT&T 's new pricing only affects a small number of customers . But if Verizon were to adopt the very same pricing model , more of its heavy data users on Android phones would likely be affected . According to the Validas report , a little more than 4 percent of Verizon 's smartphone users consume more than 2GB of data per month compared with only about 2.5 percent of AT&T 's iPhone customers . Validas ' analysis also clearly shows that heavy data users are primarily using AT&T and Verizon Wireless , while customers who tend to use less data , are subscribing to Sprint Nextel and T-Mobile USA . For example , about half of Sprint 's cell phone subscribers , including smartphone customers , use data on Sprint 's network . But the average usage is only about 133.4 MB a month . T-Mobile only has about 22.3 percent of its cell phone subscriber base subscribing to data , and those consumers are only using about 120MB of data per month . Sprint Nextel and T-Mobile want a bigger piece of the data action , which is why the companies have been investing in next-generation networks . Sprint is partnered with Clearwire , which is building its 4G network across the country using WiMax . Sprint recently launched the first WiMax-enabled phone that can switch between its 3G network and the 4G Clearwire network . Sales have been strong , but the company has suffered from component shortages making the devices hard to get . The Validas analysis does n't include the launch of this new phone , called the HTC Evo . So it will be interesting to note whether the launch of this device will significantly move the needle on data usage on Sprint 's network . Meanwhile , T-Mobile is also trying to strum up more data usage on its network by upgrading its network to the next generation of 3G technology called HSPA + . But even with faster network speeds in some markets , Sprint and T-Mobile still lack the comprehensive coverage that AT&T and Verizon offer . The biggest problem for Sprint and T-Mobile is putting the right devices in the hands of the most prolific data users . "  People who travel tend to be more mobile , and they also tend to be power users when it comes to mobile data , " Finegold said . "  They want to know that the coverage is there when they need it , and they 're generally more willing to pay for that . So they are definitely higher value customers . " © 2010 CBS Interactive Inc. . All rights reserved . CNET , CNET.com and the CNET logo are registered trademarks of CBS Interactive Inc. . Used by permission .	AT&T iPhone users consume 25 percent less data than Verizon Wireless customers iPhone users were typically viewed as the heaviest data users in the mobile market Verizon 's network has n't yet faced any major hiccups due to the onslaught of new traffic
CNN  -- At least two carriages of a passenger train fell into a river Thursday after floods destroyed a bridge in southwest China 's Sichuan Province , state-run CCTV reported Friday , citing Chengdu Railway authorities . It was not immediately known how many passengers were inside the carriages , which a firefighter said were swept 200 meters downriver . Local authorities said they were doing their best to carry out rescues . The accident occurred in Guanghan at about 3:20 p.m. Thursday on the Shi-ting-jiang Bridge , part of the railway line that links Chengdu and Baoji , in northwestern Shaanxi Province . Floods caused the bridge piers to collapse , which forced the train from its track , they said . People aboard five other carriages were taken to safety . The train was traveling from Xi'an , the capital of Shaanxi , to Kunming , the capital of southwestern Yunnan Province .	The fate of passengers and crew is not clear Floods caused the bridge piers to collapse , forcing the train from its track The train was traveling from Shaanxi to Yunnan Province
CNN  -- Foster the People has done what many bands strive to do : make commercial indie-sounding pop , which is kind of an oxymoron , like "  jumbo shrimp " or "  daily special . " "  We 've grown up on the Beach Boys and the Beatles and Blur and Bowie and the Clash . Also E.L.O. and Hall and Oates , " said the trio 's frontman , Mark Foster . "  Those are all artists who write songs that are accessible but still left of center . It 's intelligent pop . There 's still something different and complex about it . That 's our favorite type of music to make . " Foster 's old day job as a jingle writer proved to be great training ground for creating punchy hooks . The Los Angeles-based group is now up for a pair of Grammys : Best Pop Performance by a Duo or Group for their smash single "  Pumped Up Kicks " and Best Alternative Album for their debut CD , "  Torches . " On the evening CNN interviewed Foster the People backstage at L.A. 's Wiltern Theater , the guest list was an inconceivable mix of Taylor Swift , a couple of kids from "  Glee " and Jerry Cantrell from Alice in Chains . While the other guys looked forward to seeing Swift at their show , Foster seemed more impressed by Cantrell . "  When I was a kid and started playing the guitar , that 's who I listened to , and I learned how to play the guitar because of that guy . So it 's crazy that he 's coming , " he said , shaking his head . "  But you never know who 's going to be here , especially when you play L.A. Gene Simmons  of KISS  was at our last show , which was pretty crazy . " But counting a couple of hard rock icons as fans is n't as random as one might think . Lurking beneath the shiny bubble-gum surface of Foster the People lies a dark theme or two -- particularly in "  Pumped Up Kicks , " in which a teen shooter tells potential victims they 'd "  better run , better run , faster than my bullet . " Other songs seem to be an internal running dialogue in Foster 's head . The band 's current single , "  Do n't Stop  Color on the Walls  , " is a pep talk to push creative boundaries and seize the moment . Foster , bassist Cubbie Fink and drummer Mark Pontius recently spoke with CNN about what this moment in time is like for Foster the People . CNN : You guys got together as a band in 2009 . It 's been a fast ride . Mark Foster : I think it 's funny , because we 've all worked towards a career in music for a long time . For so many years , it was slow , playing in front of rooms full of 10 people and trying to get your friends to come -- begging your friends to come -- telling them you 'll pay for their parking . Just whatever you could do to get them in there . And then all of a sudden , it kind of took off . It 's been a fast incline , so we 've had to just work really hard , keep our heads down and just stay grounded . At the same time , we 've had a lot of fun during the process . CNN : I hear Bono is a fan . Foster : Yeah , the last time we played in Dublin , we ended up at Bono 's house and had dinner with him and got to hang out with him for a few hours . We just talked about music and art and poetry and just all the things that you maybe expect Bono to talk about . We walked away and were really inspired . Cubbie Fink : I missed the Bono experience . It was on our day off in Ireland , and I just turned my phone off and kind of relaxed . I ended up turning it on in the afternoon and seeing 25 missed calls and a hundred texts saying , "  Hey , we 're going to the BBQ . Come with us . " I missed it . Foster : But you did get to watch a rugby game , did n't you . Fink : Soccer . CNN : Are you critical when you hear your songs on the radio ? Foster : I think now I just kind of turn the station off when the stuff comes on . I was hanging out with a girl in New York , and we were in a cab , and "  Pumped Up Kicks " came on , and she told the cab driver , "  Hey , can you turn this rubbish off ?! " It 's like , "  Thank you . She 's reading my mind . " CNN : On the surface , your songs sound pretty happy-go-lucky . But some of them are pretty dark , like "  Pumped Up Kicks , " which is about a teenager with a gun . Foster : I like to write about real-life topics , and I like to write about different walks of life . For me , that song was really an observation about something that 's happening in the youth culture these days . I guess I wanted to reveal that internal dialogue of a kid who does n't have anywhere to turn , and I think the song has kind of done its job . I think people are talking about it , and it 's become a point of conversation , which I think is a really healthy thing . CNN : Did you feel like outsiders in high school ? Foster : I experienced bullying a lot . I was an only child , and I was kind of a small kid with a big mouth , and so I always got myself in trouble . So I grew up kind of having to scrap . And I grew up in Cleveland . It 's pretty blue collar , and kids know how to fight there , so that was a real thing , for sure . Fink : The whole youth violence thing hit pretty close to me . My cousin was part of the ordeal at Columbine . She was actually in the library when everything went down , so I actually flew out to be with her the day after it happened and experienced the trauma surrounding it and saw how affected she was by it . She is as close as a sister , so obviously , it affected me deeply . So to be able to have a song to create a platform to talk about this stuff has been good for us . CNN : What 's inspiring you guys these days ? Foster : I 've been thinking a lot about the political state of where we 're at right now . There 's a lot I 'm not happy about and would love to talk more about it . I think that musicians have a voice that is sometimes louder than anyone else 's voice , in a sense . Also , doing charity work and humanitarian work is something that we 've been really into on this last tour . We 've teamed up with the Do Good Bus , which followed us around . We 've done something with local charities in every city that we 've stopped in , so I think going into the  next  record , we 'll see where things are at . But we 're also a new band , and we do n't want to get too bleeding heart too early . I think you have to keep it about the music for a while before you start preaching too much . CNN : What do you have up your sleeve for Foster the People 's second record ? Foster : We 're going to try to continue to push the envelope . A lot of what we 've learned touring this year is that the percussion element of what we do live is something that we 'd love to bring into the studio and do more of on our second record . And just pushing the envelope with the electronic music and also working on some classic songwriting , which we have n't really put our much of yet . I like classic soul , so we 'll see . It 's going to be interesting . CNN : Before Foster the People took off , you all had some odd jobs . Mark Pontius : We were delivery boys at one point , funny enough , delivering coffee and cheese to Larry King sometimes just down the street . We all had weird , odd jobs , and living in L.A. , struggling to be a musician is tough sometimes , and you just want to give up . But you got ta stick to it . Foster : At the same time , those odd jobs , sometimes looking back , were the most fun times that I 've had , as well . But when you 're in it , it sucks .	"  It 's been a fast incline , so we 've had to just work really hard , " Mark Foster says "  The last time we played in Dublin , we ended up at Bono 's house , " he says "  The whole youth violence thing hit pretty close to me , " Cubbie Fink says
CNN  -- As viral videos go , "  Gangnam Style " went gangbusters ages ago . But now it has charted a new record : 2 billion YouTube views . Breaking records is nothing new for the Korean pop tune . It was first uploaded in July 2012 and took only three months to achieve 800 million views , making it then the most-watched video of all time , according to Google Spokesman Matt McLernon . Those achievements might not enshrine Psy in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame . But when it comes to measurements of pop-culture , the 2-billion mark is a modern-day milestone -- making Psy 's earworm , with its equine choreography , a titan of zeitgeist . Psy 's twitter feed was full of congratulatory tweets and retweets of news stories commemorating the record on Sunday . The 36-year-old acknowledged the achievement himself in a tweet on Friday , citing "  very honorable and burdensome numbers . With the appreciation , I 'll come back soon with more joyful one ! #THX " Interview : PSY on ` Gangnam Style '	The Korean pop tune is first to reach two billion page views Gangnam Style was first uploaded in July 2012 Artist Psy tweets that the achievement was "  very honorable "
CNN  -- Americans ' clicking fingers must be sore . Analysts have begun providing their final tallies for Cyber Monday sales , which found that people piled more in their virtual shopping carts than ever before . Monday was the highest-grossing online shopping day in U.S. history , with spending reaching $ 1.25 billion , according to market research firm comScore . That 's up 22 % from the previous record , which was last year 's Cyber Monday . Online shopping for the month of November has hit $ 15 billion , a 15 % increase compared to last year , comScore says . Discounting efforts by some online retailers , including Amazon.com and Apple , in the hopes of bringing some of the mall 's Black Friday magic to the Web appear to have paid off . With a 26 % jump over last year , the day after Thanksgiving saw the highest increase in spending compared to 2010 than any other period in November , according to comScore . However , online spending on Cyber Monday still outpaced Black Friday by a healthy margin , the research says . Even without significantly slashing prices , some retailers saw a jump in customers coming to their websites on Monday . For example , Sony saw a dramatic increase in traffic and sales on Monday . Sony Electronics President Phil Molyneux said many Americans may have overcome some concerns about the struggling economy . "  There 's a pent-up demand from consumers , " Molyneux told a roomful of reporters in San Francisco on Tuesday . "  There 's a demand , and consumers need to feel that they can spend again . " They seem to be feeling it , and their digital wallets are feeling lighter .	ComScore : Cyber Monday was the biggest U.S. online shopping day ever Consumers spent $ 1.25 billion on Monday , the research says Some retailers saw a Cyber Monday spike even without offering big discounts
CNN  -- With more than 5 million people suffering from Alzheimer 's disease in the United States , a number that 's expected to rise to 16 million by 2050 , the pressure is on to find better methods of diagnosis , treatment and prevention . Around the world , Alzheimer 's disease is the second most feared disease , behind cancer , according to a recent survey of five countries conducted by the Harvard School of Public Health . Yet there is still a lot of misinformation : Only 61 % of Americans who responded to the survey correctly identified Alzheimer 's disease as a fatal illness . Many participants also mistakenly believe there are sure diagnostic methods and effective treatments to slow the disease , but most would seek medical attention if they became aware of their own early signs . The research that came out of the Alzheimer 's Association 2011 International Conference on Alzheimer 's Disease , which took place in Paris last week , reflects a growing emphasis on early detection . Research suggests the best targets for exploring treatments are patients who do not have full-blown Alzheimer 's disease , but experience mild symptoms . Scientists have identified biological indicators called biomarkers that seem to be associated with Alzheimer 's , although they are not perfect predictors . Alzheimer 's Association : 10 signs of Alzheimer 's "  Things are heading earlier and earlier . And the use of biomarkers has been really essential for helping everybody move toward an understanding of what the earliest changes are and when they can be detected , " said Dr. Allan Levey , chair of neurology at Emory University School of Medicine . Early detection So far , no drug has been developed to significantly slow the progression of the disease in all patients . And there 's no way to halt or reverse the decline of memory and other cognitive abilities once Alzheimer 's has been diagnosed . Since attempts to help patients who already have symptoms in these ways have failed , scientists must look to the earliest stages of Alzheimer 's in hopes of stopping it before it begins . Studies presented at the conference reinforced the notion that signs of Alzheimer 's may develop in the brain 10 to 20 years before any symptoms begin . A substance in the brain called beta-amyloid has been associated with dementia in people who have those kinds of symptoms . This is the main ingredient of plaques that build up in the brains of Alzheimer 's patients . People with a rare genetic form of Alzheimer 's , whose specific genetic mutations guarantee that they will develop the disease , tended to show signs of amyloid plaques in PET scans and cerebrospinal fluid 10 to 20 years before the onset of symptoms . These results come from the Dominantly Inherited Alzheimer Network project . But that represents only a small fraction of Alzheimer 's patients -- 1 % of cases worldwide , specifically . If you do n't have the genetic form , there 's no way to tell if you will go on to develop the disease , even if you have accumulation of amyloid plaques . There are some people who have them but do not show symptoms of Alzheimer 's . The kinds of tests that would detect beta-amyloid levels are not widely available . And it 's not clear that pulling the amyloid plaques out of the brain reverses the process of cognitive decline ; this is one area of research right now . Another biomarker of interest is a protein called tau , implicated in the neurofibrillary tangles -- which basically take the shape of cells and destroy them -- that build up in the brains of Alzheimer 's patients , particularly in the memory center called the hippocampus . But there 's no scan to detect these tangles in a living patient . A major focus of research on early detection is patients who have mild cognitive impairment , a collection of symptoms involving difficulty with memory , language and other mental functions , but which does not interfere with everyday life . It is not necessarily a precursor to Alzheimer 's disease , but it does raise the risk of progressing into that more severe illness . Understanding mild cognitive impairment is important in coming up with better treatments for dementia in general , because the brain has n't deteriorated as much as in Alzheimer 's , so it may not be too late to intervene , experts say . The brain is the primary organ the disease attacks , but a small study presented at the conference suggests the eyes may also reveal signs of Alzheimer 's . Researchers looked at photos of retinal blood vessels and found some differences in Alzheimer 's patients , but further research is needed to confirm this idea of using an eye exam to help diagnose Alzheimer 's . The same holds for a study suggesting that falling is indicative of Alzheimer 's early stages : It 's a preliminary idea that needs further investigation . Identifying risk and prevention factors Another area of focus is identifying risk factors for Alzheimer 's disease . These are associations , not known direct causes . "  Age is a risk factor we ca n't modify , at least yet . Our genetics , we ca n't modify yet , which is another major risk factor , " Levey said . "  But certainly seeking clues about ones that are modifiable is an important " research area . At the Paris conference , researchers said 3 million cases of Alzheimer 's could be prevented worldwide if lifestyle-based , chronic disease risk factors were reduced by 25 % . This estimate is based on a mathematical model . In the United States , physical inactivity had the biggest association with Alzheimer 's out of the risk factors studied , followed by depression and smoking . Midlife hypertension , midlife obesity , low educational attainment and diabetes are other risk factors . "  If we can demonstrate that these risk factors can be modified , and that it will lead to lower rates of Alzheimer 's disease , the impact could be huge , " Levey said . People in their 40s and 50s have still got perhaps a couple of decades to modify lifestyle to potentially lower risk , he said . There is also growing evidence that head trauma may increase the risk of dementia . One study presented at the conference in Paris found that traumatic brain injury was associated with dementia among older veterans . A study of former NFL players suggests that football players also may be at increased risk for mild cognitive impairment or similar cognitive decline , perhaps as a result of repeated head injury during these former athletes ' sports careers . In fact , 75 former professional football players are suing the NFL , alleging that the league concealed information about the harmful effects of concussions on the brain for decades . There is also the idea of cognitive reserve : that keeping the mind active can at least delay the onset of dementia . It also seems that intelligence might help the brain stay in the mild phase of the disease longer , although more study needs to be done in this area as well . "  We know that highly intelligent people have more tolerance to plaque buildup and to loss of energy in their brains than people with lower levels of intelligence and less education , " said Dr. Steven DeKosky , vice president and dean of the University of Virginia 's School of Medicine , at an Alzheimer 's forum at the National Press Foundation in May . "  Their brain basically fights it off and finds some other ways to get the things done . " Caregiving One of the underappreciated effects of Alzheimer 's disease is how great a toll it takes on caregivers . Caregivers are much more frequently ill and die earlier than people who do not care for someone with the disease , studies have shown . The stress of taking care of someone chronically ill is sometimes called caregiver syndrome . Caregiving is hazardous to health because of the stress of helping Alzheimer 's patients , and because caregivers may ignore their own health , DeKosky said . "  Alzheimer 's patients , when they get into moderate and severe stages , do n't have some real sense of time , " DeKosky said . "  They have to be watched every minute . " Patients may hurt themselves or wander off if not under constant supervision . And it 's common for patients to reverse their sleeping and waking cycles , so caregivers ' daily habits are likewise disrupted . The cost is staggering : Caregivers provide more than $ 200 billion in unpaid care , 17 billion hours each year , according to the Alzheimer 's Association . Gibbons ' advice to Alzheimer 's caregivers : Breathe , believe and receive Why do n't we know more ? Two of the biggest obstacles to finding treatments for Alzheimer 's disease are lack of money and difficulty enrolling people in clinical trials , experts say . The United States spends $ 450 million each year in Alzheimer 's research money , compared to $ 6 billion for cancer , $ 4 billion for heart disease and $ 3 billion for HIV/AIDS research . In spite of the money that does exist for research , Alzheimer 's clinical trials are hard to fill with participants , said Dr. R. Scott Turner , director of the Georgetown University Memory Disorders Program . Sometimes people believe they 're just having "  senior moments " and do n't want to acknowledge their illness , Turner said . In other cases , patients do n't want to go through the hassle of the trial if they 're not guaranteed to receive an experimental drug ; but , in order for a scientific study to be valid , patients must be randomly assigned to either the drug or a placebo . Also , some trials do n't test drugs at all , but simply look for those biomarkers that may help predict disease later or explore other early diagnostic methods . Such methods will be in high demand when an effective treatment is developed , DeKosky said . "  When the first drug is successful , let 's say in symptomatic disease -- may it be so -- the crush to take advantage of what we know , while it 's still in research format now , will be immense , " DeKosky said . If you or a loved one are interested in exploring clinical trials , the Alzheimer 's Association runs a system called TrialMatch to assist in finding a trial near you . Follow cnnhealth on Twitter	Survey : Alzheimer 's disease is the second most feared disease , behind cancer Physical inactivity , depression and smoking are risk factors in the U.S. , study says Emphasis in research is on early detection and identifying biomarkers
CNN  -- Europe 's women hold a slender advantage over the U.S. team at the midway point of The 2013 Solheim Cup at the Colorado Golf Club on Saturday . The European team started the day 5-3 ahead after winning the opening day foursomes 3-1 and sharing the points in the afternoon four-balls . But the U.S. fought back in Saturday morning 's foursomes to leave the match finely poised at 6.5 points to 5.5 . It had looked as if the match was slipping away from the home side early on Saturday as Swedish pair Anna Nordqvist and Caroline Hedwall 's recorded a sensational 2 & 1 win over Morgan Pressel and Jessica Korda in the opening match . Europe left it late to strike , but when they did it was decisive . Hedwell 's birdie at the 16th put Europe one up before Nordqvist closed out the match in incredible style , breaking American hearts with a hole-in-one at the 180-yard par three 17th . "  It 's an unbelievable feeling . They played tough but we holed the putts and it is amazing to finish that way . It was a perfectly struck seven iron , " Nordqvist said , www.ladieseuropeantour.com reported . The hammer blow left the U.S. trailing 6-3 , but Stacy Lewis and Paula Creamer immediately restored some hope with a hard fought one-hole victory over Azahara Munoz and Karine Icher . Another half point was gained soon after when the match between Brittany Lincicome and Lizette Salas and Catriona Matthew and Caroline Masson finished all-square . All eyes turned to the final match where Michelle Wie and Brittany Lang claimed a vital 2 & 1 win over European pairing Suzann Pettersen and Beatriz Recari . Midway through the afternoon fourballs , Europe hold the advantage in three matches with the U.S. up in one .	Europe lead U.S. 6.5 points to 5.5 at the midway point in the Solheim Cup U.S. claim two wins and a half in Saturday morning foursomes Anna Nordqvist records a hole-in-one at 17th to seal point for Europe in opening foursome
Bellefonte , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- In an audio statement made while he sits in a jail cell awaiting sentence , convicted pedophile Jerry Sandusky says that while others make him out to be a monster , he is a falsely accused man who will continue to protest his innocence . "  They could take away my life , they could make me out as a monster , they could treat me as a monster , but they ca n't take away my heart , " the former coach at Penn State says . "  In my heart , I know I did not do these alleged disgusting acts . " Sandusky co-counsel Karl Rominger confirmed the audio statement is legitimate . "  If he wants to say that , God bless the First Amendment , " Rominger said . Penn State University 's ComRadio first aired the audio clip on its website Monday evening . Sandusky , a 68-year-old former defensive coordinator who ran a charity after he retired from coaching , faces up to life in prison . He is scheduled to be the final speaker at a sentencing hearing Tuesday . "  We will continue to fight , " he said in the audio statement . "  We did n't lose the proven facts , evidence , accurate locations and times . Anything can be said . We lost to speculation and stories that were influenced by people who wanted to convict me . " McQueary files whistleblower suit Sandusky needs to confess his guilt , said an attorney for the person identified in court as Victim No. 4 . "  One thing that 's critical for victims ' healing is an acknowledgment of guilt .  Sandusky  is stunting that healing , " attorney Ben Andreozzi . "  He is either delusional , or the victim of one of the most comprehensive conspiracies of mankind . " Another victim 's attorney , Tom Kline , said the lack of contrition was to be expected . He called the statement "  sad and unfortunate . " The attorney for a man who claims he was repeatedly sexually abused by Sandusky while a child said the statement is a reminder that child predators justify their actions . "  Pedophiles often believe they did not do anything wrong . In their twisted universe , they helped their victims and loved them , " said Marci Hamilton , an attorney for Travis Weaver , now 30 . Weaver did not testify in Sandusky 's trial , but did file a civil action against the former coach . It has been nearly a year since the Penn State scandal erupted , leading to the firing of iconic head football coach Joe Paterno and the ouster of the university 's longtime president . Jurors determined in June that Sandusky used his access to university facilities and a foundation he founded for under-privileged youth to sexually abuse 10 boys over a 15-year period . His attorney , Joe Amendola , said Monday that his client , who is being held in the Centre County , Pennsylvania , jail , plans to read a statement before the court . Sandusky 's statement should take five to 10 minutes , he said , but likely will steer clear of the argument he failed to receive a fair trial . On Monday the judge made it clear sentencing would n't be the place for such legal arguments , Amendola said . On June 22 , Sandusky was convicted on 45 counts of child sex abuse , ranging from corruption of minors to involuntary deviate sexual intercourse , which were laid out in graphic testimony by his accusers over the course of the less-than-two-week trial . His attorneys will have 10 days after the sentencing to appeal the decision . At least of three of Sandusky 's victims are expected to be in attendance on Tuesday , according to their attorneys . Two of them plan to address the former coach directly , while the third is expected to have a statement read by prosecutors . The statement from Victim No. 4 "  will convey anger , " said Andreozzi said . "  He is nowhere near forgiving Sandusky . " Members of Sandusky 's family , including his wife , Dottie , will submit letters of support to the court as will some of the former participants in the Second Mile foundation , Amendola said . Penn State fans vow to support team During the trial , which garnered national attention and cast a shadow on Penn State 's heralded football program , the 23-year-old victim testified that he was only 13 when Sandusky sexually abused him in a university shower . That account is separate from a 2001 incident about which graduate assistant Mike McQueary testified , saying that he saw the former coach pressed up against the back of a boy in the shower room of the Lasch Football Building . Prosecutors described during the trial how Sandusky showered with the boy , using locker room "  soap fights " as a pretext for abuse . Sandusky 's attorneys say they plan to appeal the guilty verdict , and will argue that the jury 's opinions had been tainted by a prosecution reference to a disturbing interview their client did with NBC 's Bob Costas prior to the trial . Members of the defense team have also maintained that they were denied sufficient time to prepare . Less than a month after Sandusky 's conviction , former FBI Director Louis Freeh released his university-funded report that blamed Paterno , President Graham Spanier , suspended Athletic Director Tim Curley and ex-Vice President Gary Schultz for taking part in a cover-up to avoid bad publicity . When a hero falls off a pedestal Freeh also said Paterno could have stopped the attacks had he done more , though neither McQueary , Sandusky nor Paterno -- who died in January -- were interviewed by his investigators . Attorneys for Spanier blasted the review , calling it a "  blundering , indefensible indictment " and "  a flat-out distortion of facts " that was "  infused with bias and innuendo . " In July , the NCAA imposed sanctions against Penn State , including a $ 60 million fine , scholarship reductions , the vacating of 112 wins , five years ' probation and a bowl ban for four years . CNN 's Ross Levitt contributed to this report	NEW : Lawyer for victim says Sandusky should confess to help healing process Sandusky makes audio statement on eve of sentencing hearing He says that he knows in his heart he is innocent Former coach could face life in prison after conviction on 45 counts of child sex abuse
CNN  It 's not unusual for men to join the fight for women 's rights . But it is if they choose to wear miniskirts while they do it . The brutal murder of a Turkish woman , Ozgecan Aslan , 20 , who allegedly fought off a sexual assault before her body was burned and dumped in a riverbed , has sparked protests on the street and social media . The Twitter hashtag #OzgecanAslan prompted thousands of tweets , with many women posting photos of themselves clad in black . And in recent days , #ozgecanicinminietekgiy , translated as "  wear a miniskirt for Ozgecan , " has begun circulating , often accompanied with a photo of a man wearing a short skirt . And it apparently does n't matter where the apparel came from , as long as it is worn . Some were not afraid to admit their reservations about the method of protest , but still voiced their full support for the message . Prominent Turkish lawyer and activist Hulya Gulbahar said the skirt protest is "  very effective " and the first time women 's rights have been so widely endorsed in Turkey . "  The women 's movement is trying to tell society , ` My dress is not an excuse for your rape or sexual harassment . ' But society did n't want to hear these voices . "  People try to find excuses for rapes and killings . But they did n't find any in this case , because Aslan was very innocent , purely innocent . The protest shows that a short skirt is not an excuse for rape . " Women 's rights in Turkey have been the subject of much debate in recent years . In December last year , U.N. Women signed an agreement along with Turkish conglomerate Koc Holding 's CEO , Turgay Durak , to strengthen women 's economic and social empowerment in the country . And in 2011 , Turkey was among 14 countries to ratify a European Treaty aiming to combat violence against women . But official statistics strongly suggest the need for reform . In a joint statement last week , representatives from U.N. Women and UNFPA said : "  Notwithstanding the progress in Turkish legislation and institutional structuring , recent data on violence against women shows insignificant improvement since 2008 and violence against women is still pervasive with two out of every five women in Turkey exposed to sexual and physical violence . " President Recep Tayyip Erdogan , who condemned Aslan 's murder on Twitter , was criticized for claiming at an event last year that men and women are not equal . "  At least five women are killed a day , " says Gulbahar , citing a figure originally stated by Yasemin Yucel , the deputy chairwoman of the Tarsus branch of the Education Personnel Union . Gulbahar argues that the government 's attitude is the first factor that needs to change , as it only views women as mothers . "  Our President and government are saying to society everyday that they do not believe in women and men 's equality ; woman is -LSB- seen as -RSB- God 's gift to man , the man protects the woman . "  They try to make these ideas all of society 's ideas . But some women and men are resisting now . " Some , though , have questioned the wider significance of the miniskirt protest . "  I do n't know how effective it is , " Istanbul-based journalist Andrew Finkel told CNN . "  It 's obviously a clever protest , Turkish men showing their feminine side . Whether it 's going to move Turkish society , I do n't know . "  Reaction to the death has been massive . The miniskirt protest is not the main event in that protest -- it 's not as if every man on Turkish streets is now wearing a miniskirt . "  Whereas the reaction to this woman 's death has been very substantial , and has made a lot of people think about their political attitudes . " He adds that the murder has invoked a host of different reactions in Turkish people , proving both divisive and unifying . "  A society like Turkey is so polarized between supporters and opponents of the government -- a snowdrop does n't fall without some political significance and dividing people into political clans . " With 69 % of men in paid work in Turkey compared to 29 % of women , more women in the workplace is a good place to start establishing gender equality , says Finkel . "  Personal savings -LSB- in Turkey -RSB- are low because you do n't have more than one earner in the household . There 's a drive to get women into real jobs . If you get more women into employment , you have to change social rules which objectify and discriminate against women . " Although there are deeper issues involved , the miniskirt protest has raised awareness and challenged views . "  The real problem is a series of attitudes that have now been ingrained in the courts and in patriarchal society . Some people have begun to reconsider those and I guess the skirt protest is just one way of calling on Turkish men to reconsider their attitudes , " says Finkel . " -LSB- The miniskirt protest is -RSB- small but I think the symbolic meaning is very good , " says Gulbahar .	Men have been wearing miniskirts in support of women 's rights in Turkey The murder of 20-year-old Ozgecan Aslan sparked an outcry Women 's rights in the country have been a subject of strong debate in recent years
CNN  -- "  MasterChef " runner-up Joshua Marks was found dead of a gunshot to his head in an alley on Chicago 's south side Friday night , police said Saturday . Investigators have not yet ruled whether Marks , who has publicly acknowledged suffering from bipolar disorder , committed suicide , Chicago Police spokesman John Mirabelli told CNN . Marks , 26 , lost to winner Christine Ha in the final round of the Fox reality cooking competition 's third season . His death comes three months after he was arrested following a scuffle with several Chicago police officers , according to the Chicago Tribune . Marks told police he had been possessed by "  MasterChef " judge Gordon Ramsay , who turned him into God , the newspaper reported . Ramsay posted a message on his Twitter account Saturday reacting to Marks ' death : "  Just heard the devastating news about Josh Marks . My thoughts are with his family & friends at this tragic time . " Marks -- who at 7-foot-2 was known by friends as "  a gentle giant " -- spoke about his mental illness in a public service video he recorded for the Make a Sound Project , a suicide awareness program . The project promotes "  how to use music as an alternative to the crazy thoughts you may have going in you mind , " Marks said in the video . "  Me personally , I have bipolar disorder , so , you know , I 'll get a little anxious sometimes , and how I cool out is , I listen to music and just listen to the words and just relax and , you know , find my melody . I wish we had some music going on in here right now . " But after Marks was arrested , project founder Mike Castaneda told a reporter he was removing Marks from the venture , but on Saturday , Castaneda described his comment as "  a poor statement . " A media outlet "  had contacted us and made the statement , ` Is it safe to say you 're dropping Josh in light of recent events ' to which I ignorantly replied immediately , ` yes . ' It was n't the thought that I would actually drop Josh , especially being as that he 's a friend of mine . I know I should have used better wording just knowing that I could n't use him for events until he was through his situation and healthy again , " Castaneda said in an e-mail to CNN . "  He has been a good friend to me and though I 've made a mistake I would hope that Josh would feel the same way , " Castaneda added . "  I will miss Josh more than any one will know . I just pray through this more will come to seek help before it 's too late . " Detectives are talking to witnesses and examining security camera video from near where Marks ' body was found , Mirabelli said . A determination of suicide would not be made until an autopsy is completed this weekend , he said . People we 've lost in 2013 CNN 's KJ Matthews contributed to this report .	NEW : A project leader rues ` mistake ' in dropping Marks after his arrest Investigators have not yet ruled whether Marks ' death was suicide Marks publicly acknowledged suffering from bipolar disorder The 26-year-old chef was arrested in July after a scuffle with police
CNN  -- Dear Girls of the World , Some of you will be familiar with the childhood rhyme , "  What are little girls made of ? Sugar and spice and all things nice , that 's what little girls are made of . " Marketing and stereotyping combine to have us believe that you 're also made of pink dresses , pigtails , dolls , ringlets , ribbons , bows and tiaras . That you like cupcakes . That all you will want to be are wives and mothers . That you 're more "  inclined " to the arts and "  better suited " to caring professions like teaching and nursing . And , maybe , that 's true for some . But my daughter Salma teaches me every day that there 's so much more to you -- and for you . Salma is 13 , and I can count , on one hand  in fact , on one finger !  , the occasions she 's worn a dress -- and they 've never been pink ! Dolls always stayed on the shelf . She 's happiest dribbling a soccer ball past her brothers and scoring goals or building model airplanes with her father . She dreams of being an engineer . That 's my Salma ; that 's why I love her . So , when I think about girls rising , I think of girls like her and her sister , Iman . I think of the millions of courageous girls all over the Arab world and beyond who , every day , summon inner strength , surmount barriers and make a difference in their communities . Let me tell you about 16-year-old Wafa Al-Rimi . Some days in Yemen , there 's less than one hour of electricity , so studying is tough . "  We were tired of darkness , " Wafa said in an interview . Rather than accept defeat , though , she built foundations under her dreams . With help from business mentors , she formed an all-female company that created solar-powered lights . They won INJAZ Al-Arab 's Best Company of the Year in November . Wafa and her friends are part of a new generation of independent-thinking Middle Eastern girls : torch-bearers and trail-blazers . Today , almost as many girls as boys attend primary and secondary school . In the majority of Arab countries where there 's data , women outnumber men at university , and more women than men study science . I see and I hear that determination to succeed every day in Jordan . Recently , I visited a girls ' school in the south of Jordan where 12-year-old Noor told me about her grandmother , a famous storyteller who narrated other people 's stories . Noor was proud of her "  teta , " but she had her own dream . "  I want to be mayor , " she said . "  I want to build a library full of books ; I want to build a park so that children can play safely . " Noor wanted to write her own story . I knew then that she , and girls like her , would write a new chapter for our region . It wo n't be easy . We have a long way to go . Increases in girls ' attendance at school and university are not yet reflected in politics , the job market or society 's mindsets . And there are still 5 million girls out of primary and secondary school across the Arab world . But as the political , social and economic plates shift and settle around our region , there 's never been a better time for girls to rise up and share their talents with society . And , girls ! Society has never needed you more . We know that in every country around the world , healthy , educated girls can play a crucial role in stabilizing societies , resolving conflicts , bolstering democracies , strengthening economies and nurturing healthy and educated children . But they ca n't do it alone . Role models can inspire . Campaigns can motivate . But if we want all girls everywhere to rise up , then we must find them , befriend them and support them . That means going outside our comfort zones . Maybe they 're recovering from civil war in Sierra Leone , like Mariama -- now educated and a popular radio DJ . Maybe they 're trapped in servitude in Nepal , like Suma -- now an activist working to free others . Maybe they 're living in slums in India , like Ruksana -- now strong and in school .  Find out more about their stories . And it means using our voices to speak up for those who can not yet be heard . Lobbying for girl-friendly policies . Working with governments , non-governmental organizations , U.N. agencies and the private sector to create momentum for change . Will it be easy ? No . Will it be as hard as studying in the dark or sleeping on a pavement ? Enduring slavery or rebuilding a life after war ? Going to school hungry and still achieving good grades ? Certainly not . And if we falter in our resolve , let 's remember the strength and dignity of Wafa , Noor , Mariama , Suma , Ruksana and girls everywhere who , every day , fight for their right to education and opportunity . If one girl with courage is a revolution , imagine what feats we can achieve together . -- Her Majesty Queen Rania Al Abdullah More : CNN 's "  Girl Rising " Write your own open letter to girls of the world Photos : The girls ' stories from "  Girl Rising " How to help | Take action with 10x10	Queen Rania of Jordan writes an open letter to girls of the world
CNN  -- Roma was unable to reclaim top spot in Serie A following a 0-0 draw Monday with Cagliari at the Stadio Olimpico . The home side 's third successive draw after 10 consecutive wins sees them maintain their unbeaten record in the league but means they are now one point behind Juventus who beat Livorno 2-0 on Sunday . Rudi Garcia 's men had plenty of chances to win the match against a Cagliari side who have n't won away from home all season , but were denied all three points thanks to a combination of sloppy finishing and some sturdy goalkeeping from Vlada Avramov . The Serb denied Gervinho first with a save at the near post in the fifth minute and was on hand five minutes later to deny Brazilian defender Maicon . Gervinho , who was returning after a month out with a hamstring strain , went closest in the half heading against the post from close range just before the break . The frustration continued for home supporters in the second half as Avramov repelled all that Roma threw at him , including a late save from Leandro Castan 's header . "  We did n't manage to score a goal but the man of the match was Avramov , " Garcia told Sky Italia . The result means Roma now have 33 points from 13 games while Cagliari have 14 points and remain in 14th place . Meanwhile in the English Premier League , West Bromwich Albion drew 2-2 with Aston Villa in the Midlands ' derby at the Hawthorns . Striker Shane Long netted two fabulous early goals to put the home side in control before Villa fought back in the second half . Long 's first came in the third minute when he finished neatly following an exquisite pull down and switch of direction . The Republic of Ireland striker doubled the lead eight minutes later in equally assured fashion latching on to a sloppy pass from Leandro Bacuna before jinking past defender Nathan Barker . Long then coolly dinked his shot over the advancing keeper Brad Guzan with the ball going in off the underside of the crossbar . But the second half belonged to the visitors . Karim El Ahmadi pulled one back in 67th minute before Ashley Westwood unleashed an unstoppable 25-yard drive to level the scores . The draw keeps West Brom and Villa level with 15 points in 11th and 12th place respectively . In La Liga 's only fixture on Monday , Athletic Bilbao claimed a 2-1 win at Malaga . The win sees Bilbao stay in fifth with 26 points , one point behind fouth-place Villareal . Malaga remain in trouble in 14th with 13 points , one point above the relegation zone .	Roma remain unbeaten but Juventus stay top following Sunday 's 2-0 win at Livorno Cagliari hold Roma to 0-0 draw at Stadio Olimpico West Brom and Aston Villa play out entertaining 2-2 draw in English Premier League
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama signed ratification documents for America 's new nuclear arms reduction treaty with Russia on Wednesday , clearing the way for the two powers to put the landmark accord into effect . The agreement , known as the New Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty  New START  replaces START 1 , which expired in December 2009 . The U.S. Senate approved the new START pact last December , while the Russian parliament ratified it in January . The treaty is designed to slash the stockpile of strategic nuclear weapons in both countries to 1,550 warheads -- down from a current cap of 2,200 -- and 700 launchers . It also calls for a resumption of inspections of nuclear arsenals that ended when START 1 expired and helps move forward with White House efforts to "  reset " U.S.-Russian relations . Obama has called the treaty "  the most significant arms control agreement in nearly two decades . " The Senate 's approval in December gave the president a key victory on what has been considered one of his top foreign policy priorities .	Obama signs the new START treaty The treaty will go into effect following an official exchange of documents The accord limits both America and Russia to 1,550 warheads and 700 launchers The treaty will allow for a resumption of inspections of each country 's nuclear arsenal
CNN  -- Adam Levine has a new title . "  Sexiest Man Alive , " according to People magazine . It 's the first time the Maroon 5 frontman and coach on NBC 's "  The Voice " has been named the magazine 's "  Sexiest Man Alive . " "  As a musician , you have fantasies that you want to win Grammys , but I did n't really think that this was on the table , " the singer told People . "  I was just amazed and stunned and it almost seemed like they were kidding , but they were n't , so that 's cool . " In the People interview , Levine credited yoga and spinning with helping him keep up his stamina -- and physique . The magazine hits newsstands Friday . Adam Levine engaged to model Behati Prinsloo Levine : Obviously , I do n't really hate America	Adam Levine is the lead singer of Maroon 5 He also serves a judge on NBC 's "  The Voice " "  As a musician , you have fantasies that you want to win a Grammy , " he says
CNN  -- New grandmother Hillary Clinton was presented with a slew of gifts , mostly books , for her baby granddaughter , Charlotte Clinton Mezvinsky , Monday afternoon at a private New York City fundraiser for the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee . DCCC chairman Steve Israel told CNN he gave Clinton a series of books that fell into several categories : Classics : "  Goodnight Moon " and "  If You Give a Mouse a Cookie , " Topical : "  Veterans , Heroes in our Neighborhood , " "  America the Beautiful , " "  Global Babies "  pictures of babies around the world , in honor of Secretary of State Clinton  , and a New York pop-up book , Political : "  Baby Bear Sees Blue , " "  Blue Bus Red Balloon "  in a show of bipartisanship  , Career : A children 's illustrated version of Machiavelli 's "  The Prince , " And lastly Israel , a New York congressman who represents parts of Long Island and Queens , gave Clinton a New York Mets uniform for her granddaughter for "  when she is ready to play third base . "	It was a Democratic fundraiser , but it was a small library of gifts for Clinton grandchild Titles range from "  Goodnight Moon " to a children 's version of "  The Prince "
Jakarta , Indonesia  CNN  -- Relief organizations struggled to reach those in need Tuesday , one day after a 7.7-magnitude earthquake struck off Sumatra , Indonesia , triggering a tsunami and killing at least 112 people , officials said . Another 502 were reported missing . The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center said the quake generated a "  significant " tsunami . Some of the missing may include people who are unaccounted for after fleeing to higher ground , said Henri Dori Satoko , head of the Mentawai Islands parliament . Although communication with remote areas was difficult , some witnesses in West Sumatra reported seeing a wave 6 meters  nearly 20 feet  high . Other reports described the tsunami as being about 3 meters  almost 10 feet  high . Satoko said at least one village with a population of about 200 people was swept away , with only 40 people recovered . Nine Australians on board a tourist vessel that had been feared missing were confirmed to be safe , the Australian Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade said . Those aboard the ship , the MV Southern Cross , were not aware that an earthquake and tsunami had taken place , it added . The numbers of dead and injured were in flux because information was trickling in from remote parts of Indonesia , a country made up of myriad islands . The area believed hardest-hit was the Mentawai Islands , a popular surfing destination . In particular , Pagai Island was thought to have been affected , said Ita Balanda , a program manager for World Vision in Padang . "  There is no access for now , " she said about the Mentawai Islands . "  We want to get help to these children and their families as quickly as possible , but it 's still too dangerous to reach the island by boat . " Large waves were keeping rescue crews and aid workers from reaching the area . An Indonesian Red Cross assessment team had set out for the island but was forced to turn back because of high seas and debris in the water , said Gayat , spokeswoman for the agency , who like many Indonesians only uses one name . She said the team will try again Wednesday morning . The trip takes 10 hours , even under good conditions , Balanda said . U.S. President Barack Obama said Tuesday he and and first lady Michelle Obama were saddened by the loss of life , and he offered support to the hard-hit region . "  As a friend of Indonesia , the United States stands ready to help in any way . Meanwhile , our thoughts and prayers are with the Indonesian people and all those affected by this tragedy , " Obama said in a statement . The quake struck at 9:42 p.m. Monday , triggering a tsunami warning that was later lifted when sea level readings indicated the threat had diminished or was over for most areas . Its epicenter was 240 kilometers  150 miles  south of Padang , at a depth of 20.6 kilometers  12.8 miles  , according to the U.S. Geological Survey . The magnitude was revised upward from a preliminary magnitude of 7.5 . "  Big , slow , long earthquake last night , and a couple tremblers afterward , " WavePark Mentawai Surfing Resort said on its website . "  Turns out it was a 7.5 about 70 -LSB- kilometers -RSB- south of us . " The resort said it saw "  about six waves on the beach after about 20 minutes " but none was higher than usually seen during high tide . "  No damage here , but reports of damage to other resorts and charter boats further south , " the posting said . "  The local residents in the Mentawai Islands reported seeing a tsunami as high as 3 meters -LSB- that -RSB- reached as far as 600 meters inland , " said Mujiharto of the Indonesian Health Ministry . The Perfect Wave , a surf travel company that said it had 32 clients in the area , also described the wave in a statement as about 3 meters  10 feet  high , and said it washed through a bay where two boats with clients on board were docked . One boat hit the other , which caught on fire , and all the guests jumped overboard . Nine guests and five crew members were washed into the jungle and took more than an hour to make their way to safety , the company said . All those aboard were picked up by a third boat and were safe "  apart from suffering some smoke inhalation and minor scratches , " the statement said . A surf guide aboard the third boat reported "  there was a lot of debris floating in the water including bar stools and other pieces of furniture from Macaronis Resort , " the company said . "  No news on the state of the village at Silabu . " The resort , where six clients were staying , is "  all but gone , " the statement said . "  It 's very difficult to access the coast right now because the sea is quite bad , " said Gilles Bordessoule , owner of the Siloinak Surf Resort . He said his property was unaffected , but his staff was attempting to help the Macaronis Resort , which was "  completely destroyed " along with two others . Two of the Macaronis guests are missing , he said . He said the only means of communication with the affected area is by satellite phone , which is how he found out about the resort and received some other information . The fate of the other 130 kilometers  80 miles  of coastline is unknown , he said . Bordessoule said he had been in contact with authorities and residents of the area and was told between 150 and 180 people are dead and body bags are needed . World Vision 's Balanda said her organization is working with the Indonesian government and the United Nations to figure out how to get to the hardest-hit area . Indonesian government resources have been sent to central Java , where Mount Merapi was erupting , she said , but said her group hopes one or two helicopters will be freed up to help with the quake and tsunami response . She said she is receiving information from a local nongovernmental organization as well as others in the region . The city of Padang and the Mentawai Islands are at the meeting place of two tectonic plates , making them vulnerable to earthquakes and tsunamis . On December 26 , 2004 , a 9.1-magnitude earthquake struck off northern Sumatra . A tsunami generated by that earthquake killed more than 225,000 people in 14 countries -- mainly India , Indonesia , Maldives , Sri Lanka and Thailand . The Indonesian region of Banda Aceh was hard-hit : About 150,000 died there . CNN 's Sarita Harilela and Brian Walker contributed to this report .	NEW : Relief organizations struggle to reach those in need NEW : President Barack Obama says U.S. stands ready to help Witnesses report a nearly 20-foot-high wave in West Sumatra Some of the missing may have fled to higher ground
CNN  -- The long-running Carlos Tevez affair was finally brought to a close on Monday as West Ham and Sheffield United reached an out-of-court settlement . Tevez scored a crucial winning goal at Manchester United on last day of the 2006-07 season . West Ham will be paying United an undisclosed compensation fee to settle the dispute , meaning an independent tribunal chaired Lord Griffiths will not reconvene to rule on the controversy . A statement from Blades chairman Kevin McCabe and West Ham chief executive Scott Duxbury released to the Press Association said : "  Both clubs are pleased to announce that a satisfactory settlement for compensation has been reached which brings the dispute between Sheffield United and West Ham to an end . "  The tribunal will not be resuming . " The Tevez controversy began in 2006 when the Argentina international and his fellow-countryman Javier Mascherano were signed by West Ham under third party ownership deals which contravened Premier League rules . Mascherano was later loaned to Liverpool , but Tevez stayed at Upton Park and played a crucial role as West Ham narrowly avoided relegation . He scored the winning goal as the Hammers beat Manchester United on the last day of the season to send Sheffield United down . Tevez later joined Premier League champions Manchester United , but the row lingered on with Sheffield United continuing to insist that West Ham had gained an unfair advantage . The affair has sparked three separate inquiries , the first of which led to a $ 8 million fine for West Ham , but crucially no points deduction . But United refused to give up and in September 2008 an independent arbitration ruled in their favor in a claim for compensation from West Ham . The Premier League and the Football Association promptly announced another fresh inquiry , but the out-of court settlement looks set to bring the affair to an amicable conclusion . West Ham , whose Icelandic owner Bjorgolfur Gudmundsson has been hard hit by the global economic downturn , were reported by Sky Sports News to be paying the compensation fee , which could rise to $ 35 million , in installments . The money will certainly be welcomed by Sheffield United , who are pressing for promotion from the Championship to the Premier League . "  We are two clubs with a fantastic footballing history who now want to move on and focus on the business of playing football -- hopefully for us against the Hammers in the Premier League next season , " said McCabe .	Carlos Tevez now starring for Premier League champions Manchester United Tevez scored crucial goal as West Ham avoided the drop in the 06-07 season Relegated Sheffield United claimed West Ham had gained an unfair advantage
New York  CNN  -- A team of prosecutors and a panel of law enforcement , legal and social science experts are being assembled to reinvestigate the case of a man convicted in 1988 of sexually abusing children , according to a statement issued on Tuesday by the Nassau County District Attorney 's office . "  A prosecutor 's job is not to obtain convictions , but to obtain justice . I can not predict whether or not our investigation will corroborate the criminal case brought against Mr. -LSB- Jesse -RSB- Friedman more than two decades ago . What I can guarantee is that my investigation will be thorough andit will be fair , " Nassau County District Attorney Kathleen Rice said in a statement . Nassau County is on Long Island . The announcement to reopen the case comes in response to a federal appeals court decision that suggested prosecutors had an "  ethical obligation " to reopen the 1988 child molestation case of Friedman . He was the focus of a 2003 Oscar-nominated documentary , "  Capturing the Friedmans . " Friedman shared his reaction with CNN Tuesday night in an e-mail : "  I am concerned , given my history with the Nassau County prosecutor 's office , of their ability to conduct a fair review of their colleagues . However , taking Kathleen Rice at her word , I am optimistic and hopeful for the first time in more years then I care to admit . " The 31-page decision , released Monday , questioned "  the process by which the petitioner 's conviction was obtained " and suggested that because of the "  vast moral panic " about child sexual abuse that was prevalent in the late 1980s and early '90s might have led police officials to cut corners in their investigation . In unusually strong language , the 2nd Circuit Court decision stated that " ... the police , prosecutors and the judge did everything they could to coerce a guilty plea and avoid a trial " and said there was a "  reasonable likelihood " Friedman was "  wrongfully convicted " of sexually abusing children . Friedman , 41 , served 13 years in prison and another five on parole . He said he was still digesting the court 's decision on Tuesday . "  If the charges went away , that would be wonderful , " he said . Friedman said he has tried for 20 years to revoke his guilty plea , saying that at the time there was "  no other viable option , the system was in place . " He said he was offered a guaranteed six - to 18-year sentence in exchange for not pursuing a trial and feared the judge would give him 1,000 years if he did n't plead guilty . "  If I went to trial , I was doomed , " he said . The court decision stated that although by law the court could not overturn Friedman ` sconviction as it was filed too late , it suggested that the Nassau County prosecutor 's office reinvestigate the case . The decision cited New York law , which states that it was a prosecutor 's duty to "  take reasonable remedial measures when it appears likely that an innocent person was wrongly convicted . " Friedman was 19 when he pleaded guilty to sexually abusing over a dozen children with his father , Arnold Friedman . His father committed suicide in 1995 in prison . Friedman and his father held computer classes in the basement of their suburban home in Great Neck , New York , where the attacks allegedly took place . In 2003 , while watching the documentary "  Capturing the Friedmans , " he found out that many of the children who accused Friedman of sexually abusing them had been put through hypnotic therapy sessions to recall the attacks . Friedman 's attorney , Ronald Kuby , said that it was an opportunity for the prosecutor 's office to "  cure an injustice " and hoped it would end with a decision that Friedman was wrongfully convicted . Friedman , who was paroled in 2001 , said he was n't sure how much it would really change his day-to-day life at this point . "  I do n't get those years back , but it would be nice to have my innocence declared , I am not a child molester . " He said he has an online book business selling popular fiction , which he runs from his home on the U.S. East Coast , where he lives with his wife . "  My focus is on tomorrow , " he said .	NEW : "  I am optimistic and hopeful for the first time " in years , Jesse Friedman says In 1988 , Friedman pleaded guilty to sexually abusing children Team of New York prosecutors to work with panel of experts 2nd Circuit Court : Officials "  did everything they could to coerce a guilty plea "
CNN  -- FACETIME : Dubai Airshow Special Middle East carriers were again the big spenders at the Dubai Airshow . This week MME speaks to the key people behind the deals , Emirates Chairman Sheikh Ahmed Bin Saeed Al Maktoum and Boeing 's Jim Albaugh . IN FOCUS : Middle East Defense Spending Despite rising fuel costs affecting commercial airlines , one sector that is not witnessing a downturn is defense . Growing tension over Iran is driving regional governments to boost their weaponry . This week MME takes a look at arms spending . Marketplace Middle East airs weekly at the following times  all GMT  : Thursdays : 1645 , Fridays : 0945 , Saturdays : 0715 , Sundays : 0615 , 1645	As the Dubai Airshow comes to an end , MME speaks to the aviation 's deal makers Rising fuel costs are affecting commercial airlines . Yet , the defense sector continues to thrive MME takes a look at arms spending in the Middle East
Tensions in Ferguson , Missouri , have simmered since black teen Michael Brown was shot and killed by a white police officer in August . And with a grand jury expected to soon deliver its decision on whether to indict the officer , a group that represents protesters says it wants 48-hours notice before the decision is announced so it can help prevent the St. Louis suburb from once again boiling over with anger , violence and confusion . A group of community members calling themselves the Do n't Shoot Coalition this week released 19 "  Rules of Engagement " that touch on major points of contention between protesters and police since Brown 's August 9 killing . Witnesses said Brown , who was unarmed , had his hands in the air as if surrendering , when he was shot . Authorities said Brown attacked the officer . Dueling narratives in Michael Brown shooting ` Prepare for the worst ' Ferguson Mayor James Knowles told local media this week that authorities must "  prepare for the worst " and he expects demonstrations across the area . He and his administration did n't respond to CNN 's inquiries about whether city officials would agree to the coalition 's requests . Ferguson police also did not respond to CNN 's questions about what that department thinks of the "  rules , " but St. Louis County police said their department "  endorses the statement from the Do n't Shoot Coalition regarding the sanctity and preservation of human life . To that end , and in the spirit of building communications , members of the Unified Command have met with the coalition to define common goals . " Many protesters were furious because they feel Brown 's killing was an example of excessive use of force . They and heavily armed law enforcement clashed in the streets for days after Brown 's death . Authorities , who drove armored vehicles and wore military gear , were roundly criticized by members of the media , other law enforcement officials and demonstrators for escalating the violence , rather than tempering it . Law enforcement also was accused of blocking and , in some cases , attacking journalists who were trying to report on the situation . FAA issues no-fly zone over Ferguson 19 ` Rules of Engagement ' Some of the coalition 's "  rules " ask that police provide information that makes clear law enforcement 's chain of command , who is making what decisions and why , and assurances that neither police nor the government will interfere with the flow of information . That means , according to the "  rules , " there will be no unwarranted wiretapping or attempts to interfere with internet and cellular access . The rules ask the police not to use rubber bullets , armored vehicles , rifles and tear gas . The organization also has written stipulations about how it wants police to present themselves , including a request that officers wear attire "  minimally required for their safety " and that "  specialized riot gear will be avoided except as a last resort . " Knowles would not give details on law enforcement 's plan following the grand jury 's decision , CNN affiliate Fox 2 reported Wednesday . But he spoke in broad terms about the approach law enforcement is going to take . "  It 's not going to be about lining up a fixed line of law enforcement officers somewhere , it 's going to be about being prepared , being reactive , being mobile , being able to respond to wherever an issue breaks out , " the mayor said . Knowles also expects there 's going to be unrest outside of Ferguson . "  It 's not going to be about Ferguson , " he said . "  The threats that are out there are threats across the region . Our expectation is that demonstrations will probably break out in several places . " The mayor told Fox 2 that people who are close to organizers and protesters have informed him that demonstrators are planning to focus on areas around St. Louis and the city 's downtown . Area school superintendents have written a letter urging that when the grand jury comes to a decision that it be announced on a weekend or at least not on a weekday until after 5 p.m. . The superintendents are concerned that if chaos happens , that could affect the ability of nearly 20,000 students who use transportation to get to and from school . If violence breaks out in Ferguson , people who live there wo n't be behind it , Knowles told Fox 2 . "  I think you have to prepare for the worst , but I think we all hope the best out of people , " Knowles said . "  I do n't believe that there is even a small fraction of residents in the city of Ferguson who want to do any damage or harm to any other residents or to any businesses ... the concern would be who comes  from  outside the area . " Opinion : Ferguson : The signal it sends about America Are the ` rules ' legal ? Do n't Shoot Coalition co-chair Michael McPherson said the purpose of the group 's proposed rules is to "  de-escalate violence " without tamping down on peaceful protest action . "  What we 're trying to do is make sure that we move everything into a constructive way to create change , " he said . CNN legal analyst Paul Callan and radio personality Mo Ivory , appearing on CNN on Thursday , praised the idea of community members working with law enforcement to avoid a repeat of the chaos that raged in August and September . "  It 's been done in mass demonstrations in the past -- marches on Washington , D.C. , for civil rights , protesting the Vietnam war , " he said . Opinion : What does justice mean for Ferguson ? Callan was skeptical that the police would -- or should -- agree to some of the rules , including those that govern what police can wear and when they can make arrests . One rule states : "  Police will be more tolerant of more minor lawbreaking such as thrown water bottles when deciding whether to escalate the use of force . " "  When you 're out on the street and there 's a huge street demonstration which could go violent immediately , you have to be prepared for that , " Callan said . "  What are they going to do ? Go change ? If you 're a cop you have to protect yourself from things being thrown at you . " In the days after Brown 's shooting , Ivory noted that the police looked like "  they were going to war . " "  And that 's what made the protesters feel that heightened  fear  ... because of the way the police were speaking to them , " she said . As far as being notified 48 hours ahead of a grand jury verdict , Callan said that was legal and could be done , though it would be an unusual step . "  I ca n't find any cases where the judiciary , which runs the grand jury , gave advance notice to street demonstrators about when an indictment was going to come down , " Callan said . "  On the other hand , it 's not illegal , so theoretically , it could be done . " Complete coverage on Ferguson	Mayor James Knowles : "  Demonstrations will probably break out in several places " Grand jury decision expected this month whether to indict officer who killed Michael Brown Brown 's August shooting sparked protests that devolved into riots this summer Do n't Shoot Coalition wants 48-hour notice before grand jury announces decision
Athens , Greece  CNN  -- Greece is set to press ahead with new taxes , public-sector job cuts and the sale of everything from airports to gaming licenses after Greek Prime Minister George Papandreou narrowly survived a confidence vote early Wednesday . Papandreou is planning to cut 150,000 government jobs , slash the salaries of those who keep their posts , and slap new taxes on property , yachts and swimming pools . He 's trying to win confidence from international lenders in order to get a second bailout package to keep the government from defaulting on debts . But the austerity package is very unpopular . Weeks of protests forced Papandreou to shuffle his cabinet last week , leading to the confidence vote , which he won 155-143 . European markets were slightly down Wednesday morning , though it was not clear if that was in response to the Greek vote . International lenders have demanded Greece cut spending , lay off public workers , increase taxes and raise 50 billion euros  $ 71 billion  through selling off state-owned enterprises in exchange for another bailout deal for the cash-strapped nation . Analysts warn that a Greek default could cripple the euro , the European Union 's common currency , and send shock waves throughout the world economy . "  If Greece were to default , I think the idea that you could contain that would be fanciful , " former British finance minister Alistair Darling told CNN Wednesday . "  It 's a bit like saying , ` Let 's let Lehman 's go bust again and wait and see what happens , " he said , referring to the investment bank that collapsed in 2008 , adding fuel to the global recession . An acute crisis in Greece would lead to a chain effect that "  probably would n't stop in Europe , " he warned . "  It would have a feedback to American banks and so on . " Greek lawmakers are slated to vote on the privatization plan and further tax increases , pension cuts and layoffs on June 30 , and European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso warned Greece risks being abandoned by both Europe and the International Monetary Fund if it fails to act . "  There is no alternative to this program . Let 's face it , " Barroso told CNN on Tuesday . "  And that 's why it has to be clear . We need Greece to deliver , and if Greece wants this program of support , Europe is ready to support it . " Greek Finance Minister Evangelos Venizelos said Tuesday he was encouraged by support he received from main opposition leader Antonis Samaras on the austerity plan , which Venizelos said he would take to Eurogroup ministers July 3 . Harsh reforms designed to help reduce Greece 's enormous budget deficit have so far led to tax hikes and public-sector job losses alongside already record-high unemployment . Papandreou faces opposition from within his own ruling socialists over the austerity measures . Airports , highways and state-owned companies as well as banks , real estate and gaming licenses will all go on the auction block . On June 9 , the Cabinet approved a tough five-year plan for 2011-15 and introduced a bill in Parliament to put austerity measures into effect . The government proposes reducing the public-sector workforce by 150,000 ; workers will also face changes in working hours , practices and wages , and the plan also sets out changes to social benefits , including pensions and unemployment aid . Protests against those plans turned violent June 15 as demonstrators threw gasoline bombs at the Finance Ministry and police fired tear gas at protesters , police said . But Papandreou did not change course , telling lawmakers over the weekend , "  The government must stop spending more than it takes in . " According to the Finance Ministry , these measures will help achieve 28.3 billion euros  $ 40.5 billion  in cuts from 2012 to 2015 and shrink Greece 's public deficit to less than 3 % of gross domestic product , in accordance with the EU target . CNN 's Diana Magnay and Richard Allen Greene and journalist Elinda Labropoulou contributed to this report .	Papandreou 's government survives a confidence vote A former British finance minister warns that a Greek default would affect Europe and the United States EU chief says Greece has "  no alternative " to austerity plans Greece plans to raise taxes , cut pensions and sell off assets as part of a bailout
London , England  CNN  -- The fashion world was Friday mourning the death of celebrated British designer Alexander McQueen as questions were raised over the future of his multi-million dollar luxury clothing brand . A day after McQueen was found dead in his London home , the 40-year-old 's flagship store in the city was closed , while flowers were laid in honor and a flag was flown at half mast over the shuttered doorway . A manager at the Alexander McQueen store in New York , where similar memorial scenes of flowers and candles were reported , said the shop would also be closed in light of the designer 's death . McQueen 's New York fans show support Emerging from a modest background as the son of an east London taxi driver to become a household name , McQueen 's success has been hailed as a testament to his talent , but analysts say there are doubts his name will endure . Design brands have previously outlived their founders , with notable examples being the success of Frenchman Yves Saint Laurent 's empire despite his death in 2008 , and the survival of Gianni Versace 's label following his 1997 murder . Industry insiders say McQueen 's hands-on involvement in his business as the creative driving force behind the label 's bold and eccentric output will be difficult to sustain without the designer at the helm . Gucci Group , which acquired a 51 percent stake in the McQueen brand in 2001 , has yet to make a statement on the future of the label and its 11 stores worldwide which , according to the Financial Times , was not profitable until 2007 . The fashion house has not disclosed current figures for the brand which , the Times of London newspaper reported Gucci paid # 13.6 million  $ 21.2 million  for its stake in . Tim Gadoffre , CEO of luxury brand analyst Marival & Company , said McQueen 's death represented a "  disaster " for the brand and said there would be substantial doubts over the label 's ability to survive its visionary founder 's death . Says Gadoffre , despite huge celebrity success , the McQueen brand had only just been consolidated as a going concern and the next decade would have been crucial in converting the designer 's name into a long-term franchise . "  It is too early to tell , but I 'm not convinced it is possible to project the business any further without him , " he told CNN . Nevertheless , retailers were reporting a sharp rise in sales of McQueen items in the immediate wake of his death . A spokeswoman for the upscale Liberty of London department store told CNN it had seen a 14-fold increase in McQueen brand sales , with top sellers including his signature skull print scarf and main line collection . McQueen 's death reportedly occurred on the eve of the funeral of his mother , Joyce , with whom he was said to have a very close relationship . Tributes have poured in for McQueen , with many in the fashion and film industry hailing the "  enfant terrible " for his diverse clothing creations and for dressing stars such as Sarah Jessica Parker and Nicole Kidman . "  His brilliant imagination knew no bounds as he conjured up collection after collection of extraordinary designs , " said British Vogue Editor Alexandra Shulman , adding that his work "  influenced a whole generation of designers . " "  His death is the hugest loss to anyone who knew him and for very many who did n't , " she said in a statement on the magazine 's Web site . "  We are deeply shocked and saddened at the news of Alexander McQueen 's untimely death , " said a statement on the London Fashion Week Web site . "  He was a unique talent and one of the world 's greatest designers . Our thoughts are with his friends and family at this sad time . " Although McQueen was not showing a collection at the London Fashion Week , he was to unveil his ready-to-wear collection at the Paris fashion shows in March . His 2010 spring/summer collection featured alien-inspired makeup and prints , according to Vogue , and "  was lauded as his best by the fashion press . " Dresses in that ready-to-wear line had exaggerated tiny waists and rounded hips , and models on the catwalk wore high club-like boots with them . Model Naomi Campbell said she was "  truly devastated " by McQueen 's death . "  His talent had no boundaries and he was an inspiration to everyone who worked with him and knew him , " she said in a statement released by her publicist . Designer Carolina Herrera called McQueen "  one of a - kind " and said in a statement that he was "  one of the most talented designers of his generation . This is a big loss for the world . " The designer was born as Lee Alexander McQueen in 1970 in London 's East End , the son of a taxi driver . He left school with few qualifications , but later studied fashion at London 's prestigious St. Martin 's College and worked on the famous Savile Row street of tailors at a company that made suits for Prince Charles . One anecdote that helped cement his bad-boy image claimed that he had once embroidered a suit for the Prince of Wales with a profanity sewn into the lining . His clothing line was purchased in 1991 by stylist Isabella Blow , who became a close friend . She committed suicide in 2007 , five years after his label was brought into the Gucci Group .	NEW : Fate of McQueen 's fashion brand uncertain after designer 's death McQueen , 40 , found dead at London home on Thursday McQueen had reputation for controversy , earning him title "  enfant terrible "
CNN  -- A woman was formally charged Monday with the 2008 killing of an aspiring actress and model , California authorities said . Kelly Soo Park , 44 , was charged with murder and her bail was set at $ 1 million , the Los Angeles County district attorney 's office said in a statement . A second suspect , Ronnie Wayne Case , 34 , who had been arrested in connection with the case , was released , the Santa Monica police department told CNN . In an earlier media statement , the Santa Monica police said both Case and Park had been "  charged with murder with special circumstances and conspiracy . " There was no elaboration on what led to Case 's release . The victim , Juliana Redding , 21 , had moved from Arizona to Los Angeles to pursue the Hollywood dream . Her body was found in her apartment on March 16 , 2008 , police said . "  Park allegedly entered Redding 's Santa Monica apartment on March 15 , 2008 , and physically assaulted her , causing her death , " the prosecutor 's office alleged in a statement Monday . Sgt. Jay Trisler of the Santa Monica police told CNN the case is not closed . "  This is still an ongoing investigation , " Trisler said . "  We 're following different leads . Even if there may be other arrests , it 's still a pending investigation for us . " Redding had a role in a 2005 independent film and had also taken courses at an area college . She also worked part-time at a tapas bar in Venice . Anyone with information on the homicide or has had any relationship with the suspects is asked to call the police at 310-458-8488 .	Charges filed against one suspect , second suspect released Victim , 21 , had moved from Arizona to pursue Hollywood dream Her body was found in her apartment two years ago , police not disclosing cause of death
CNN  Australia has again appealed to Indonesia 's new president to spare two of its citizens who face execution by firing squad . The appeal came after President Joko Widodo rejected a plea for clemency from 31-year-old Andrew Chan , the ringleader of a failed bid to smuggle more than eight kilograms of heroin to Australia in 2005 . Widodo had already turned down an appeal for clemency from Myuran Sukumaran , Chan 's collaborator in the scheme , which included seven other people who are serving lengthy prison sentences . Together they are known as the "  Bali 9 . " "  While Australia respects Indonesia 's sovereignty , we are asking that Indonesia reconsider its decision to execute two Australian citizens , " Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott said in statement . "  Both men are reformed characters and both have helped to rehabilitate other prisoners . The prerogative of mercy should be extended to them . " For the last 10 years , the pair has fought a lengthy legal battle , first to avoid conviction against charges and later to reduce the severity of their sentences . The Bali 9 were arrested in April 2005 after Indonesian police received a tip-off from Australian Federal Police . They caught four at the Denpasar airport with more than eight kilograms of heroin strapped to their bodies . Another four -- including Sukumaran -- were arrested at a hotel in the village of Kuta . Chan was detained after a boarding a plane to Sydney -- he was n't carrying any drugs but was named by others as the mastermind of the plot . During their 10 years of imprisonment , supporters say Chan and Sukumaran have changed their ways and are now working within the prison to help other inmates . Lawyers had hoped their rehabilitation would count in their favor , but their failed clemency bids have reinforced efforts to pursue other legal avenues . Chan 's lawyers are said to be seeking to reopen the case , a controversial move that faces legal resistance from Indonesia 's Supreme Court , according to Indonesia law expert Tim Lindsey . Currently , the Constitutional Court allows an unlimited number of applications to reopen a case -- the Supreme Court does not . "  There 's a dispute between the two courts at the moment . There 've been attempts to bring them together to work out a resolution . It has n't been successful . So as it stands , the Constitutional Court says this application is acceptable and the Supreme Court says it 's not , " Lindsey told the ABC . Indonesia has long taken a tough line on drug smugglers and Widodo has made it clear he does n't intend to introduce a policy of leniency . Last week , six prisoners were killed by firing squad , including five foreigners from Brazil , the Netherlands , Malawi , Nigeria and Vietnam . Brazil 's President Dilma Rousseff issued a statement saying the execution of one of her countrymen had "  severely affected " relations with Indonesia . Australia 's Abbott says in the best interests of Chan and Sukumaran , the government will make no further public comments but its "  support will continue . "	Indonesian leader rejects plea for clemency for Andrew Chan Australian citizens Chan and Sukumaran to be executed for drug smuggling Pair arrested in 2005 after being caught attempting to smuggle heroin to Australia
New York  CNN  -- We all fantasize of one day quitting our jobs in a storm of profanities , middle fingers and toppled computers . Rarely does it happen , though , so when flight attendant Steven Slater lived the dream on JetBlue Flight 1052 at JFK on Monday -- yelling "  it 's been great ! , " grabbing a beer and jumping out the emergency slide into airline history -- I sort of had to sit back and applaud . It resonated in the industry , too . "  It was shocking , " said Sara Keagle , a flight attendant of 18 years who blogs at Flying Pinto and calls the high-strung northeast the trickiest region for smooth passenger-attendant relations . "  He basically lived out a fantasy I did n't know I had . " Tension between airline companies , airline staff and air passengers seems to dip to new lows every year . Passengers whine about an increase of fees on such things as checked baggage , meals and use of blankets  the industry makes nearly $ 8 billion a year in such fees , says the U.S. Department of Transportation  . They also have to surrender harmless toothpaste and disclose sock styles at airport security checks . They get cranky . And flight attendants ? They endure long hours  on average about 80 flying hours monthly , Keagle says  and low pay  starting at $ 14 per hour and topping at about $ 40  . Some can join unions , but at JetBlue , Slater was n't in a union . All too often , they deal with self-righteous passengers who treat them as assistants , or -- in the case of Slater -- allegedly become abusive . But considering that there are about 50,000 commercial flights daily , our record of getting along peacefully is pretty good . That more flight attendants do n't flip out at obnoxious passenger behavior is what 's really surprising here .  The worst such behavior I 've seen is a drunk trio refusing to stop singing on a flight from Zurich , Switzerland , to Moscow , Russia ; I nearly made it a quartet .  Perhaps more scenarios ought to end like this recent pillow fight on Lufthansa ? Still , maybe Slater had a point , if a tad overstated . Perhaps it 's time to go over some ground rules . Here are some tips to keep your flight attendant from going Slater on you . Be nice . The folks in the terminal taking your ticket -- or repelling your delusional pleas for free upgrades -- are frequently those serving you on the flight . So be nice right away . "  Hey , good ticket skills " is one charmer . Make them laugh . Before crouching to enter the bathroom , good-naturedly ask "  will I get a hernia in there ? " If they get it , they 'll love you ; if not , they 're sort of lame . Do n't talk business . Flight attendants do n't need to be reminded their airline is struggling -- and face it , nearly all of them are -- so do n't throw out the ol' "  no wonder your airline is on the ropes " if they 're out of cranberry juice . Certainly wo n't get you a bonus cookie . Take one for the team . When you get the teacher-scolds-child reminders to put your iPod away , or tuck that fanny pack deeper under the seat in front of you , just do it with a smile or self-deprecating remark like "  gosh , I 'm bad at geometry . " Keagle said attendants actually hate having to remind passengers about this . "  I dread that part of the job . Unless you 've lived under a rock , you know about that already . " Ask about them . "  How far have you flown today ? " or "  What 's the dumbest passenger question you 've heard ? " can show you 're interested in them as actual people . Do n't dump trash in the seat pouch . Treat the airline like a friend 's home -- do n't trash it . The pouch in front of you is not a place to put dirty diapers or your sandwich wrappers . "  I put my hand in puke one time , " Keagle said . "  Not fun at all . " Do n't ogle . Some folks , OK mostly guys , treat the aisle as a walkway of delights and visually grope attendants as they saunter down it . That 's rude . Do n't defy attendants . C'mon . If an attendant says "  snooze the toilet break , " snooze it . If you 're not yet at the gate , do n't get up to sneak a first grab at the overhead storage . The bag will be there . You deserve no bonus privileges above your fellow passengers . To the passenger who reportedly ignited Slater 's meltdown ? After cursing and supposedly pulling a bag out that slammed into Slater , like in that Ben Stiller scene in "  Meet the Parents ? " Maybe you ought to laminate this list . Or go by car . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Robert Reid .	Robert Reid : Steven Slater 's dramatic exit from plane  and job  was vicarious thrill for many Evolution of airline rules has seemed designed to create conflict like this , he says He says flight attendants get not-great pay and deal with obnoxious passengers Reid : Follow some simple ground rules to keep flight attendant from flipping out
CNN  -- World champion Lewis Hamilton has been disqualified from last weekend 's Australian Grand Prix in Melbourne after presenting "  misleading " evidence to stewards . Hamilton has been disqualified from the Australian GP after presenting "  misleading " evidence to stewards . The McLaren driver and Toyota 's Jarno Trulli were called to an FIA hearing in Malaysia -- the site of this weekend 's grand prix -- on Thursday to discuss an incident during Sunday 's race . Trulli finished third at Melbourne 's Albert Park , only to later be handed a 25-second penalty by race stewards which relegated him to 12th position and saw Hamilton lifted into third . However , following Thursday 's hearing , Trulli has been reinstated in third position . McLaren had complained that veteran Italian Trulli had illegally passed Hamilton under yellow flags following an accident late on involving Red Bull 's Sebastian Vettel and Robert Kubica in his BMW Sauber -- who were running second and third at the time . Trulli had decided not to appeal the original decision but the FIA , the sport 's governing body , said it had received new information and pressed ahead with a second hearing . "  The stewards , having considered the new elements presented to them from the 2009 Australian Grand Prix , consider that Lewis Hamilton , and the Vodafone McLaren Mercedes team , acted in a manner prejudicial to the conduct of the event by providing evidence deliberately misleading to the stewards at the hearing on Sunday 29th March 2009 , " the FIA said in a statement . It said Hamilton and McLaren had violated its rules and retrospectively disqualified him from the race . Meanwhile , Trulli believes justice has been served after Thursday 's decision . "  I am happy because I wanted some justice and I got it , " he told PA Sport . "  I am happy for myself and the team and I have to thank the FIA because it does not happen very often they reconsider something . "  It must have been really hard for them , but they had common sense to really try and understand what was going on . I have always been honest and it has paid off . "	World champion Lewis Hamilton has been disqualified from the Australian GP Stewards say Hamilton and McLaren team presented "  misleading " evidence Hamilton was involved in incident with Toyota driver Jarno Trulli in Melbourne
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- The Thai government on Sunday extended a curfew in the capital and nearly a third of the country 's provinces for at least two more nights , but shortened the hours when residents are required to stay off the streets . In his weekly television address , Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva said officials would extend the curfew , which had been scheduled to end Sunday morning . He said the curfew would stretch from 11 p.m. to 4 a.m. -- starting two hours later and ending an hour earlier than it had for the past three nights . He said officials would review whether a curfew remained necessary in the coming days . In his address , Abhisit repeated his push for national reconciliation . He said an independent fact-finding committee would review events that took place during the protests and officials would conduct a national survey to determine peoples ' needs and wishes . Timeline of Thailand 's political crisis "  Everything is calm and returning to normalcy , " he said , according to the Thai News Agency . Crews are cleaning up Bangkok 's streets and government agencies and schools will reopen Monday , Abhisit said . More than 1,000 businesses have registered for assistance after sustaining damages as protests , riots and clashes between anti-government demonstrators and troops rocked Bangkok 's main shopping district , he said . Officials imposed a curfew in Bangkok on Wednesday after government troops surged into Lumpini Park , where anti-government Red Shirt demonstrators had amassed . What were the protests about ? After hours of intense street battles , five anti-government protest leaders were taken into custody . At least three more turned themselves in Thursday . Red Shirt leaders called off the protest , but some did not heed the call as smaller riots erupted in the city . More than 30 buildings -- including a bank , a police station , a local television station and Thailand 's biggest shopping mall -- were set ablaze . At least 50 people have been killed in clashes in the past several weeks and nearly 400 people injured , government officials said . The Red Shirt opposition members support former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra , who was ousted in a bloodless military coup in 2006 . They had been protesting for weeks , demanding that Abhisit dissolve parliament and call new elections .	NEW : Thai government to extend curfew in Bangkok for two more nights Curfew was put in place on Wednesday and was due to end on Sunday Hours of curfew will be shortened to 11 p.m. to 4 a.m in Bangkok and some provinces Curfew imposed after troops surged into area where anti-government protesters had amassed
CNN  -- U.S. Vice President Joe Biden apologized to Turkey 's leader on Saturday for saying that President Recep Erdogan admitted his country had made mistakes allowing foreign fighters to cross into Syria . The apology came hours after Erdogan expressed his anger over the comments to reporters in Istanbul , saying "  Biden has to apologize for his statements . " Or Biden , he said , will become "  history to me , " according to published reports by the semi-official Anadolu news agency . The problem appears to have originated during a question-and-answer session following a speech this week at the John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University when Biden was asked about Turkey and the threat posed by the so-called Islamic State terror group , known as ISIS or ISIL . "  President Erdogan told me , he 's an old friend , said , ` You were right . We let too many people through . ' Now they are trying to seal their border , " he said , according to transcripts . Erdogan vehemently denied ever saying such a thing . "  The Vice President apologized for any implication that Turkey or other Allies and partners in the region had intentionally supplied or facilitated the growth of ISIL or other violent extremists in Syria , " Biden spokeswoman Kendra Barkoff said . "  The Vice President made clear that the United States greatly values the commitments and sacrifices made by our Allies and partners from around the world to combat the scourge of ISIL , including Turkey . " During their telephone conversation , Biden and Erdogan reaffirmed the two countries ' commitment to fight the terror group , Barkoff said . Erdogan 's office and the Turkish Foreign Ministry did not immediately respond to a CNN request for comment regarding Biden 's apology . The issue has arisen at a sensitive time , with Turkey 's government authorizing the use of military force against terror groups , including ISIS as its fighters laid siege to towns just south of the Turkish border . The government also agreed to allow foreign troops to launch operations against ISIS from Turkey . Until now , Turkey has offered only tacit support to the coalition . While Biden is known for making blunt statements that sometimes embarrass the administration , Turkey is particularly sensitive to allegations of allowing terrorists to cross its border into Syria . Syrian President Bashar al-Assad has accused Turkey of looking the other way and , in some cases , providing support to rebels embroiled in the country 's civil war . Turkey , in turn , has accused Syria of fomenting the unrest that has led to ISIS taking hold in the region . CNN 's Talia Kayali and Tom Dunlavey contributed to this report .	Turkey 's President Recep Erdogan demanded an apology from Vice President Joe Biden Erdogan was angered by comments Biden made Biden said Erdogan told him that Turkey had let too many people through the border Erdogan told reporters Biden must apologize or he will be "  history to me "
Hatay , Turkey  CNN  -- Clashes erupted across Turkey on Tuesday after a predawn skirmish between police and protesters left one demonstrator dead in the border province of Hatay . Crowds of demonstrators gathered in the cities of Istanbul , Ankara and Hatay to denounce the death of Ahmet Atakan , a 22-year-old who recently graduated from accounting school . Police in Istanbul dispersed demonstrators using water cannons , tear gas and rubber pellets . Thousands of demonstrators tried to reach Taksim Square , a main commercial area that has been the site of clashes since May . Riot police prevented small groups from congregating in the square . Demonstrators erected barricades , threw stones and shot firecrackers at the police . Crowds of protestors chanted "  Down with the government " and "  Solidarity with Armutlu " referring to the neighborhood in Hatay where Atakan was fatally injured . According to the official government broadcaster , TRT , the tear gas around the Taksim area blew into a nearby football stadium where the youth Swedish national soccer team was squaring off against Turkey 's national squad . The Spanish referee suspended the game after the tear gas wafted into the stadium , which is named after Turkey 's prime minister , Recep Tayyip Erdogan . Several days ago , Istanbul lost a hotly contested bid to host the 2020 Olympics to rival Tokyo . Many analysts said the widely criticized use of police force to crush anti-government protests last June may have played in a role in Istanbul 's Olympic defeat . Differing accounts of how protester died There is still controversy over how Atakan , the protester in Hatay , died . In a press release , the Hatay governor 's office said Atakan was killed in a fall during a clash between police and demonstrators . Shortly before 1 a.m. on Tuesday , a patrol unit reported that one person "  had fallen to the street from a building " and an ambulance was sent , the governor 's office said . "  However , people at the scene wanted to take the injured individual to the hospital with their own resources , and our citizen Ahmet Atakan was taken to the Antakya Government Hospital , but he lost his life in spite of all efforts at the hospital . " Police released a video taken from atop an armored vehicle that showed the blurry image of a man apparently falling off a street curb into the street . But eyewitnesses insisted Atakan was struck in the head at short range by a tear gas canister fired from the turret of an armored vehicle . Eylem Mansuroglu said that immediately after being hit by the canister , Atakan was grazed by a passing police vehicle . Atakan 's blood still stained the pavement where residents erected a makeshift memorial for the dead man . Hasan Akgol , a parliament member from Turkey 's opposition CHP party , told CNN he had seen Atakan 's body on a stretcher . "  I could n't believe it , seeing a young kid covered in blood , " Akgol said . "  He had an injury behind his ear , blood all over his body , scratches on his body . " Atakan is the second anti-government protester to die in Hatay this summer . Neighborhood rises up in protest Atakan 's parents told CNN their son had gone out to the streets after attending a wedding Monday night , to attend a protest sit-in . They said it was a weekly protest in honor of Abdullah Comert , another young man from the same neighborhood who was killed in a clash with police last June , barely 3 blocks from where Atakan was fatally injured . The protest was also against the Turkish government and its strong support for Syrian rebels and a proposed U.S.-led military operation in Syria . Bergen : Syria plunging Mideast into sectarian war ? "  My son protested against war so that there would be peace . In Turkey they kill those who want peace , " screamed Atakan 's weeping mother , Emsal , before her son 's burial on Tuesday . "  Erdogan 's dogs killed my son , " she wailed . In the afternoon on Tuesday , a procession of more than a thousand people escorted Atakan 's coffin to a cemetery , chanting , "  We are all Ahmet . You can kill one but not all , " and "  Murderer police will answer for their actions . " After the burial , crowds marched to the street where Atakan was injured . Police used water cannons and fired tear gas to disperse the demonstrators . Protestors set up burning barricades and threw stones at armored police vehicles . Much of the neighborhood of Armutlu appeared to be rising up in protest . Women screamed out of their balconies , demanding police stay out of the area . From an apartment building , one resident hurled a potted plant off a balcony at an armored vehicle passing on the street below . A portly woman threw a plate down on to the street . One man carried a toilet out into the road and smashed it onto the ground to build a barricade out of the debris . Aid worker : Syrian refugee crisis creating long-term burden for neighbors	Turkish anti-government protester Ahmet Atakan dies in the early hours Tuesday The 22-year-old was taking part in a sit-in against military intervention in Syria Hatay governor 's office says he fell from a building after police and protesters clashed Anti-government protesters also clashed with police in Ankara and Istanbul , media say
CNN  -- The institution of marriage is unique . It is the one institution that binds women and men together to form a family , and this serves broad societal purposes . In California , a U.S. District Court Judge last week overturned Proposition 8 , the California Marriage Protection Act . It was passed in November 2008 by California voters to recognize "  only marriage between a man and a woman . " The majority of Californians , including two-thirds of the state 's black voters , have just had their core civil right -- the right to vote -- stripped from them by an openly gay federal judge who has misread history and the Constitution to impose his views on the state 's people . The implicit comparison Judge Vaughn Walker made between racism and opposition to same-sex marriage is particularly offensive to me and to all who remember the reality of Jim Crow . It is not bigotry , it is biology that discriminates between same-sex couples and opposite-sex couples . A marriage requires a husband and a wife , because these unions are necessary to make new life and connect children to their mother and father . Judge Walker 's decision will not stand the test of time and history . Congress and the Supreme Court must act to protect all Americans ' right to vote for marriage . Advocates of making same-sex marriage a legally recognized right claim that this will have no impact on traditional marriage -- that it can peacefully coexist alongside traditional marriage . On the contrary , it will have profound impacts . It will create a conflict for people of faith  and nonreligious people as well  who fervently believe in traditional man-woman marriage and the law . The Bible is so clear in its support of heterosexual marriage there is little need for us to go through an exhaustive definition of biblical marriage versus the types of unions allowed by law today . The Scriptures say in Genesis 2:24 that a man is to leave his family and cleave to his wife . This concept is repeated in Matthew 19:5 and Mark 10:7 . All the scriptures in the Bible concerning marriage presuppose heterosexual marriage . We can teach our kids that there are important spiritual and societal reasons to believe in traditional marriage and oppose same-sex marriage . But if same-sex marriage becomes legally recognized across the country , our kids will be told that gay marriage is a civil rights issue and that those who oppose it are akin to the racists of history who opposed interracial marriage and supported slavery . We can teach our children at home that marriage is between a man and a woman , but our children 's public schools will teach them that marriage includes same-sex couples . Both would be "  equal marriages " under the law . What might this look like ? In Massachusetts , where a ruling legalized same-sex marriage in 2004 , kids in public schools are reading books depicting same-sex families . At a California charter school in 2008 , kindergartners ' parents objected when a school newsletter alerted them to "  National Coming Out Day ; " a parent told a local ABC-TV affiliate that a teacher at the school screened a film to kindergartners the previous year showing gay families . These kinds of ill-advised social experiments may produce a host of unexpected consequences . If gay marriage is allowed , the nation will soon begin to experience an increased degradation of the nuclear family -- resulting in fewer kids being raised by both a mom and a dad . Beyond that , those of us who believe in traditional marriage and are in a regulated profession -- such as counselor , physician , attorney or accountant -- and act in concert with our beliefs , may be vulnerable to losing our professional license and our livelihood . We can be a religious charity faithfully fulfilling our mission by serving our community , such as by providing adoption and other services , but if we refuse to provide those services to a same-sex couple , we have the choice of abandoning our beliefs or ending our mission . In 2003 , Adoption.com was sued by two California homosexual men , who claimed illegal discrimination because the agency refused to serve homosexual couples . The agency lost the lawsuit and no longer serves adoptive parents in California . An even more substantive danger lies in the consequences of gay marriage on the next generation . Redefining marriage redefines family . Changing the concept of family will change both the definition and the pattern of parenting . What will the landscape of America look like if same-sex marriage is legalized across our nation ? Social scientists report what most Americans have always known : Both boys and girls are deeply affected in biological and psychological ways by the presence of their fathers . If the American family loses the presence of the birth dad in the home , there will be huge consequences to the growth and stability of the next generation of children in that family . For example , repeatedly , scholarly studies focused on adolescence show that early onset of puberty in girls is associated with negative psychological , social , and health problems including depression , alcohol consumption , and higher teenage pregnancy . An eight-year study of girls and their families showed that a father 's presence in the home , with appropriate involvement in his children 's lives , contributed to daughters ' reaching puberty at a later age . Despite the incredible adaptability of children , our entire culture should advocate for family structures that promote the most positive environments for coming generations . In addition to fighting the marriage redefinition , leaders from all sectors of our culture , including our churches , must work hard at improving heterosexual marriages . Counseling , modeling , and interventions are needed to help ailing marriages . Both battles must be fought if our families , which are the incubators of future societal greatness , are to be protected . Let 's set our sights high . Let 's not fall victim to the circling argument of our opposition . We simply need an army of bipartisan leaders to strategize , organize , and prioritize the protection of marriage . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Harry R. Jackson , Jr. .	Bishop Harry Jackson : The institution of marriage is unique in our society The institution serves broad societal purposes , Jackson writes Jackson : Gay marriage will lead to degradation of the nuclear family Family structures that promote positive environments should be culture 's aim , he says
CNN  -- I recently met a woman , the mother of three black teenagers . She told me that after the Trayvon Martin shooting , she forbade her boys to wear hoodies . She warned them never to walk around with their hands in their pockets . She was terrified that someone would find her boys acting suspiciously and one of them would end up being killed . This is one hell of a thing to be afraid of . I do n't think parents of white kids ever really feel this terror -- not in this way . I defended the man who shot Trayvon Martin , and I believe that the verdict the jury returned was correct and just . But based on my experience defending young black men in the criminal justice system for 30 years , I know her fears are not without foundation . The shooting of Michael Brown -- an unarmed 18-year-old African-American in Ferguson , Missouri -- reinforces her fears , and it gives me a dull , empty feeling in my gut . We 're hearing conflicting stories about how the Brown shooting happened . Some witnesses say the teenager had his hands up in surrender when an officer opened fire on him . The Ferguson police chief says the officer was attacked in his cruiser , and the first shot was fired inside the car . It 's possible both accounts are true , but we do n't know . Here 's what we do know : A police officer and a black man interacted , multiple shots were fired , and Michael Brown was 35 feet away from the police car when struck by the shots that killed him . Soon we should know how many times the officer shot Brown , from how far and from what direction . These factors will be critically important in determining whether the shooting was justified or not . Black or white , an officer must be in fear of imminent death or great bodily harm before using deadly force , just like the rest of us . What we know about Michael Brown 's shooting If Brown was shot from far away , or if he was shot in the back , it would provide strong evidence that he was retreating -- that the officer was not in imminent fear -- and that the shooting was not justified . What we must acknowledge is that we do n't yet know enough to be convinced one way or the other . Now there are cries of "  no justice , no peace " as evening vigils turn violent , with rioting and looting . "  Justice , " it seems in this context , can only be found if the officer is convicted of murder . If facts show the shooting to be justifiable , it will not be seen as justice by those making the demands . Whether my client is black , white , Latino or something else , here is how I want justice defined : Two sides , well-represented , present their cases in an adversarial system ; the law is followed and a just result is inevitable . Brown 's case will have the added benefit that it will be tried in the ever-watchful view of intense public scrutiny . Citing death threats , police wo n't identify officer in Michael Brown shooting For many in the black community the reality of the criminal justice system does n't measure up to the ideal . Many believe that the criminal justice system , from first police interaction to verdict , is infected with a racial bias that taints the possibility of justice as it should be defined . I have long argued in court that such a bias exists ; that probable cause did n't exist for this car stop ; that hanging on a street corner or sitting on a stoop is not loitering ; that "  attitude " is not resisting without violence . While the bias does exist , it 's not simply a black and white issue . It 's rare to find an overtly racist cop , or an overtly racist judge . The bias is nuanced ; it 's woven into the system , and it builds with each interaction with the system until , at last , it results in unequal justice . Consider the very first interactions : A cop and young black male interact on the street , and both give the other a bit of attitude . The officer gives some attitude because he 's tired of getting attitude from other young men , and the young man gives some attitude because he 's tired of getting attitude from other cops . Now , who 's at fault ? This , as simple as it sounds , is how it starts . Once the infection begins , it grows quickly . If you want to say the cop 's at fault because he 's the adult with training , you are right . And if you want to say the young man is at fault for disrespect or mistrust of a cop 's authority , you are right . Missouri teen shot by police was two days away from starting college If both sides refuse to move toward the middle , we will all just keep going down this path , and another black family will plan another funeral . Or we can agree that we , each of us , will be better off accepting responsibility for an infection that we can not defeat individually . Who makes the first step ? The police must . Many police agencies have community outreach programs that are successful . Police officers are in the position of authority , and they have the power to send a message that when they serve a community , they serve all the people of the community equally , regardless of race . To break this cycle , police must recognize there is bias in the system , and they make an effort to treat the people they serve with respect . In return , we must recognize the risks law enforcement officers take to protect our communities . We must respect their authority . And we must understand the grave reality that the way we engage a police officer can affect whether we walk away , whether we are driven away in handcuffs , or whether we are taken away on a stretcher . This is true for people of every race , from every community -- and unfortunately , with the current bias , it may more true for some of us than for others . For those who say that talking about this now is an insensitive way to blame Michael Brown for his own death , nothing could be further from the truth . No matter what turns out to have happened that Saturday afternoon , Brown was killed by the infection , by this insidious cycle . Let 's see what we can accomplish if we focus on breaking that cycle .	Mark O'Mara : Michael Brown shooting raises concern about racial injustice O'Mara says we do n't know enough about evidence to draw conclusions African-Americans have a justified fear of becoming victim to racial bias , he says O'Mara : We have to work together to make sure other tragedies do n't happen
EW.com  -- The "  Games " have officially begun ! Last night , "  The Hunger Games " grossed a truly staggering $ 19.7 million from midnight showings across the country -- the highest midnight total ever for a non-sequel , and the seventh highest midnight total ever  behind three "  Harry Potters " and three "  Twilights "  . After only a few hours , it 's clear that the film is already a smash , and it 's almost certainly headed for a debut well above the $ 100 million mark . Sure , the overnight figure ca n't compare to the $ 43.5 million that "  Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows -- Part 2 " conjured up at midnight shows last year  on its way to $ 169.3 million -- the highest opening weekend of all time  , or the $ 30.3 million that "  The Twilight Saga : Breaking Dawn -- Part 1 " found at midnight on its way to $ 138.1 million , but it 's likely that "  The Hunger Games , " which does n't have the same amount of built-in sequel anticipation , wo n't face the same weekend frontloadedness as those titles . Saturday and Sunday grosses should prove quite sturdy . Back in 2008 , "  The Dark Knight " earned $ 18.5 million at midnight , but still managed a stunning $ 158 million debut -- the second highest debut of all time -- proving that not every blockbuster makes a full 25 percent of its opening weekend gross at midnight . Based on this $ 19.7 million figure , "  The Hunger Games " should take in at least $ 50 million on Friday and could reach as high as $ 150 million over the full weekend frame -- although that estimation is very bullish . My fellow box office prognosticating colleague John Young is predicting a more sensible $ 130 million weekend . We 'll have to wait and see see how high it climbs . Either way , it appears that the odds are very much in Lionsgate 's favor ! See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  The Hunger Games " grossed a staggering $ 19.7 million from midnight showings Saturday and Sunday grosses should prove quite sturdy "  The Hunger Games " should take in at least $ 50 million on Friday
CNN  -- "  Media must cease reporting on the discovery of a body at a psychiatric hospital in Dongguan . " "  Media must not report on corruption allegations relating to the eldest son of President Hu Jintao . " "  Media must not report on a lawsuit against China Eastern Airlines by victims of a plane crash in 2004 in which 52 passengers were killed . " Those are just a few of more than 60 restrictions the Chinese government slapped on the media in 2009 , often secretly , according to the International Federation of Journalists . The press freedom group said it obtained written media-related orders which are published in its report , "  China Clings to Control : Press Freedoms in 2009 . " Tight controls were put on reporting of ethnic riots in the west of the country in July , and clear orders were issued for how to report President Barack Obama 's visit to the country in November , the IFJ said in the report released Sunday . The press was instructed not to organize questions for the public to ask Obama at a town-hall style event he did in the country and was banned from reporting on "  protests or spontaneous news during Obama 's visit , " the IFJ report said . It all added up to a year of increased censorship in China , on the heels of a period of relative openness around the Beijing Olympics in 2008 , the group charged . CNN 's calls to the Chinese Foreign Ministry and the Chinese Embassy in Washington were not immediately returned . The IFJ report said that Chinese media were ordered not to report prominently on protests in Iran following the country 's controversial presidential election in June . They were barred from reporting at all on elections for the chief executive of Macau , a region of China , and were waved off stories about refugees entering China , threats to public health , political protests and corruption , the report said . They were allowed to report about some stories in English but not Mandarin , and others in newspapers but not online , said the report , which was compiled with the help of a group called Chinese Human Rights Defenders . That 's not to mention self-censorship in the press around two key anniversaries last year : the Tiananmen Square pro-democracy protests and the Tibetan uprising of 1959 , the IFJ said . "  Media did not need to be ordered how to report these matters -- they were very aware there was to be no independent reporting on these topics , " the report said . "  Most journalists and media outlets would self-censor and there would be no need for regulations or orders ... self-censorship remains a matter of self-preservation . " Direct orders from the government -- sometimes containing the explicit threat of "  punishment from the Central Propaganda Department " -- was only one element in Beijing 's arsenal against the press , the report said . China is clearly concerned about the Internet , the IFJ suggested . "  Online surveillance was stepped up , Web sites were entirely or partially closed , online social networks were shut down , online news portals were censored , online journalists and bloggers were detained and arrested . " Press "  accreditation rules tightened further in 2009 ... making it difficult for online journalists to gain accreditation , " the report said . And foreign journalists encountered "  acts of violence , destruction of work materials and equipment ... surveillance and reprimands , " the report said . But "  despite the difficulties , many journalists try to go out of the way to get the news , " the IFJ said . China hosted a World Media Summit in October , drawing the heads of some of the world 's largest news organizations , including the Associated Press , Reuters , News Corporation , Russia 's Itar-Tass , Kyodo of Japan and China 's own Xinhua . President Hu addressed the conference , saying "  it is more important than ever before that the media should establish and uphold social responsibilities , " according to Xinhua . Hu pledged the Chinese government would safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of foreign news media and continue to facilitate foreign media coverage of China in accordance with the law , Xinhua reported . It is not clear that he made a similar promise regarding Chinese media . Obama criticized censorship in his November visit to China , responding to questions from the Chinese public about restrictions on the Internet . "  Because in the United States information is free , and I have a lot of critics in the United States who can say all kinds of things about me , I actually think that that makes our democracy stronger and it makes me a better leader because it forces me to hear opinions that I do n't want to hear , " he said . Earlier this month , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton called on China to investigate alleged hacking of Google in the country -- prompting the Internet search giant to threaten to pull out of China . "  We look to the Chinese authorities to conduct a thorough review of the cyber intrusions that led Google to make its announcement . And we also look for that investigation and its results to be transparent , " Clinton said . Five years ago , Google agreed to allow some censorship by China , in exchange for the right to operate in that country 's massive emerging technology market . The company now says censorship and the hacking of Chinese dissidents ' Google e-mail accounts have prompted it to reconsider . The IFJ calls itself "  a non-governmental , non-profit organization that promotes coordinated international action to defend press freedom and social justice through the development of strong , free and independent trade unions of journalists . "	Press group notes more than 60 government restrictions on media in 2009 Report : Press was told not to organize questions for public to ask Obama during visit Chinese media barred from reporting on elections for chief executive in Macau , report says CNN 's calls to Chinese Foreign Ministry , Embassy in Washington not returned
CNN  -- R. Sargent Shriver , a brother-in-law to former President John F. Kennedy who was the first head of the Peace Corps , has been hospitalized in Maryland , a hospital spokeswoman said Monday . Ronna Borenstein-Levy of Suburban Hospital in Bethesda , a suburb of Washington , D.C. , provided no further details on Shriver , who is 95 and has Alzheimer 's disease . Shriver had roles in many top government initiatives of the 1960s , including Head Start and the Peace Corps . He also worked with his wife , the late Eunice Kennedy Shriver , on the Special Olympics . Mrs. Shriver died in 2009 . In addition , Shriver was Democrat George McGovern 's running mate in the 1972 presidential election won by Richard Nixon . Shriver is the father of Maria Shriver , the wife of former California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger .	The 95-year-old Shriver was the first head of the Peace Corps He was married to Eunice Kennedy Shriver , who died in 2009
Paris , France  CNN  -- Flash floods killed at least 20 people in the southern French region of Var , French authorities said Wednesday . The flooding began Tuesday , and more storms were expected Wednesday evening , the Var prefecture said in a statement . Authorities warned of "  possible intense rain and thunderstorms , sometimes violent in the coastal area . " Eleven helicopters worked overnight to rescue people and 1,000 people have been placed in shelters , the prefecture said . Some 1,200 firefighters and 650 police officers were taking part in the rescue effort , it said . All schools in the region were closed Wednesday and more than 96,000 people were without electricity . Authorities earlier said 12 people were missing , but by the end of the day they said all the missing had been found , either alive or dead . Var includes the Cote d'Azur , a popular tourist destination along the French Riviera . CNN 's Saskya Vandoorne and Pat Thompson contributed to this report .	More storms expected Wednesday night in flood-stricken region 1,000 people rescued and placed in shelters , officials say All schools in the region closed ; more than 96,000 people without electricity Flooding area includes popular tourist destination Cote d'Azur
CNN  -- The online coupon market has been exploding in the last year or so . Just look at some of the startups offering this service : Groupon , LivingSocial , Scoutmob , OpenTable , zozi , SCVNGR LevelUp , viagogo , Google Offers and many others . Now , welcome a new member of the digital-coupon club : Facebook Deals . The massive social network , which has 600 million members , announced on Tuesday a pilot project that will let local businesses offer discounts through Facebook . But with so many group-discount sites already out there , is Facebook 's version offering anything unique ? Here 's a breakdown of how the service works and how it differs , at least a little bit , from some of its competition . What are group discount sites ? First , the basics . Group discounts are essentially digital coupons , sometimes with strings attached . At Groupon , a certain number of people must purchase a deal before it 's "  unlocked , " for example . Some , such as Scoutmob , are mobile deals based on a person 's location , and offer deals on nearby restaurants , spas or other services . Others , such as LivingSocial , are more generic . They 're basically coupons sent by e-mail . What is Facebook Deals ? Facebook Deals aims to make the idea of digital coupons more social . With so many millions of users , it 's hard to argue that Facebook is n't in a good position to do this . Users must purchase a coupon online before using it in real life . When they decide to buy , an item is automatically posted on their Facebook news feed , alerting all of their Facebook friends about the deal . Where is Facebook Deals available ? For now , Facebook Deals is only being offered in five cities : Atlanta , Georgia ; Austin , Texas ; Dallas , Texas ; San Diego , California , and San Francisco , California . Facebook is testing the feature in these places first , and says it may expand to others at a later date . Some of Facebook 's competitors in online coupons are available more widely . Groupon works in dozens of U.S. and Canadian cities . Google Offers , however , which is another pilot project , is so far only available in Portland , Oregon . What 's the incentive to use Facebook Deals ? Many of these online coupon sites use video game mechanics to try to entice people into purchasing stuff . LevelUp , a Boston and Philadelphia pilot from the social network SCVNGR , works somewhat like an airline frequent-flier program . The more a user participates , the more he or she "  levels up , " giving him or her access to premium deals . Groupon is similar in that it requires a bunch of people to buy a coupon before it 's activated . That encourages friends to spread the word about the deal , if they want to be able to use it . Facebook Deals does n't do any of that -- at least not yet . So why would anyone use Facebook Deals ? Because they 're offering coupons . And because they 're on the world 's biggest social network . Facebook says the goal of the deals is n't necessarily even that they 're deals -- it 's that people will be able to plan events on Facebook . "  While many Deals on Facebook offer discounts , it 's more important to us that you find interesting experiences around you to do with friends , " Facebook 's Emily White writes on Facebook 's blog . In other words , expect deals on group-centric activities , such as concerts or horseback riding . Are Facebook 's discounts as good as Groupon 's ? Does n't look like it . Groupon claims to offer discounts of 50 % to 90 % . Most of Facebook 's coupons for Atlanta range from 13 % to 75 % off , with more of them seeming to fall on the lower end of that scale . Again , Facebook says the social aspect of these coupons is almost more important than the discount itself . "  If your primary reason for doing something is getting together with friends , I do n't know if a discount is necessary , " White told the Wall Street Journal . "  We are not looking for the deep discount customer . " The integration with Facebook is what the site sees as key : "  A lot of deal sites get that deals are social , " White told The New York Times ' Bits Blog . "  But I would n't say they are really well integrated with Facebook . " Where can you see Facebook Deals ? In your news feed . On the Facebook Deals page . On the Facebook "  Pages " sites of various businesses . Or in your e-mail inbox , if you sign up for that . Other sites , like LivingSocial and Groupon , also send out daily e-mails about the discounts they offer . How do you pay for Facebook Deals ? With a credit card , with PayPal or with Facebook Credits , Facebook 's own currency that , for the first time , will be used to buy real-world goods . Users buy deals in advance and then print out a coupon that 's used to redeem the deal . Some other deal sites and apps let users buy discounts on-the-go . Scoutmob , for example , which is available in 13 U.S. cities , offers mobile coupons once a person is in the store or restaurant where they intend to use a deal . Users just pull up the coupon on their smartphones , show the waiter or store clerk that they 've "  unlocked " the deal  for free  and then get that discount applied to their bill -- without having to make any payment beforehand . Paying up front -- the Facebook and Groupon model -- annoys some users . Why is there so much competition in this space ? Because there 's apparently lots of money to be made . Ever since Google , in December , reportedly offered to buy Groupon for $ 6 billion , social coupons have been expanding like mad . As is often the case in tech , once start-ups in a new sector get hot , the big companies -- Google and Facebook in this case -- join the party late , hoping either to put out better products or capitalize on their huge user bases .	Facebook on Tuesday announces a Groupon competitor called Deals The social network jumps into a space that is already crowded Facebook Deals does n't appear to offer the deepest discounts The site aims to make online coupons more social than other sites
CNN  -- A federal jury Thursday found a 32-year-old Minnesota woman guilty of illegally downloading music from the Internet and fined her $ 80,000 each -- a total of $ 1.9 million -- for 24 songs . Illegal downloads of musical files will cost a Minnesota woman $ 1.9 million , a jury has decided . Jammie Thomas-Rasset 's case was the first such copyright infringement case to go to trial in the United States , her attorney said . Attorney Joe Sibley said that his client was shocked at the fine , noting that the price tag on the songs she downloaded was 99 cents . She plans to appeal , he said . Cara Duckworth , a spokeswoman for the Recording Industry Association of America , said the association was "  pleased that the jury agreed with the evidence and found the defendant liable . " "  We appreciate the jury 's service and that they take this as seriously as we do , " she said . Thomas-Rasset downloaded work by artists such as No Doubt , Linkin Park , Gloria Estefan and Sheryl Crow . This was the second trial for Thomas-Rasset . The judge ordered a retrial in 2007 after there was an error in the wording of jury instructions . The fines jumped considerably from the first trial , which granted just $ 220,000 to the recording companies . Thomas-Rasset is married with four children and works for an Indian tribe in Minnesota .	Federal jury finds Jammie Thomas-Rasset guilty of illegally downloading 24 songs Minnesota wife , mom slapped with fine of $ 80,000 per song , for total of $ 1.9 million Attorney says client shocked at fine , noting the songs costs 99 cents each Spokeswoman for the Recording Industry Association of America lauds jury 's finding
CNN  -- As the most recognizable political offspring so far in the 2012 election cycle , the three eldest daughters of GOP presidential candidate Jon Huntsman are trying to use Twitter , television and YouTube to get votes for their dad . The self-identified "  secret weapon " of the former Utah governor 's campaign tweet their campaign observations , appear on national television and recently parodied a controversial Web video form rival candidate Herman Cain . Most known by their Twitter handle , @Jon2012girls , Mary Anne , 26 , Abby , 25 , and Liddy , 22 , who started tweeting to keep their friends updated on their whereabouts , are now attempting to lift the curtain on their dad 's presidential campaign . "  As we got more and more comfortable using it and being honest in what we were saying , I think a lot of people started tuning in and saying , ` You know , this is our only gateway into what 's really going on in the campaign , ' " Abby said to CBS after an interview on CBS ' "  Face the Nation . " Some of the tweets have been scrutinized , like one written by Liddy during a recent foreign policy debate . It poked fun at the credentials of the other candidates compared to those of her father , who served as U.S. ambassador to China under President Obama . "  Looks like they do n't need adults in the room . Panda Express is enough experience to carry on , " the tweet said . Others are serious , like the recent tweet that paid homage to service members on Veterans Day , and some are just plain fun . "  Is it us ? Or did everyone get a bad haircut for this debate ? " read a tweet last week . During an interview with CNN 's "  Piers Morgan Tonight " on Wednesday , the conversation ranged from their father 's campaign momentum to his attire and haircut . In a question that stemmed from their hair-related tweets , Morgan asked which of the candidates has the worst haircut . "  We think our dad had the best haircut , " Abby said after a pause , refusing to rise to Morgan 's bait . "  It might have been the humidity in Michigan , but I think everyone must have gone to the same barber before the debate . " They 've ventured into slightly chartered territory . Most recently Meghan McCain , daughter of 2008 Republican presidential candidate John McCain , leveraged a behind-the-scenes blog into an online column , a book deal and a contributor role at MSNBC . The five sons of current and former Republican candidate Mitt Romney traveled via bus during the last election cycle . Although children of the other candidates have accompanied their parents on the trail , this time around none has done so as consistently or as publicly as the Huntsman daughters . Republican strategist and CNN contributor Rich Galen said children of presidential candidates are rarely in the limelight and that the spouses usually hold a more important role . "  They tend to generate more problems than they solve , both for the campaign staff because of tinkering and for the campaign itself because they become a separate story , " Galen said of candidate 's mates . "  Huntsman 's daughters are trying to help their dad , but as he is bumping along at between 1 and 3 % , no one is paying much attention to Jon or to his daughters , " Galen said . But Huntsman communications director Tim Miller said the campaign is "  thrilled " the daughters are "  on the trail helping to spread his message . " "  They 've been a huge asset in reaching out to young voters and showing the governor 's personal side in a fun way , " Miller said . And they 're not just tweeting their observations to their more than 12,000 followers . Mary Anne told CBS ' "  Face the Nation " that she is helping the campaign on the finance side while Liddy is helping with outreach to young professionals and college age voters . Abby is "  doing a lot of media stuff . " "  So you know , we do have a big job aside from Jon2012girls , " Mary Anne said . When asked about the viability of their father 's presidential bid , they are quick to offer explanations for his low national and statewide poll numbers , cheerily predicting success . "  He has n't had a chance to have America see him yet , " Mary Anne told Morgan on Wednesday . "  He is the only candidate that can give Barack Obama a run for his money , and we hope that America can see that eventually . " Huntsman acknowledges the potential for mishap looms , but he told CNN that his daughters ' success represents new campaign realities . "  Here 's a reality in my life ... I give a major foreign policy speech on America 's role in the world in the 21st century , I get five hits on YouTube . The girls put up this cornball video spoofing another candidate 's video , they get half a million views within 24 hours , " Huntsman said . "  And I say the world is n't fair , but I 'm beginning to understand how political communication works these days . " After the Cain campaign released a buzzed-about video showing the pizza executive 's mustached chief of staff , Mark Block , taking a long drag on a cigarette , Jon2012girls released a parody spot of their own . Equipped with fake mustaches , the three women blew bubbles instead of smoke . The video has nearly 300,000 hits on YouTube . Yes , they 're infusing humor into the campaign , but Abby also stressed the serious side of their message . "  We 're doing this to introduce our dad to America , " she told Morgan . "  I think the campaign trusts us ... And they know that we 're only out there to really get his message out as best as we can . " And are more videos forthcoming ? "  I guess you 'll just have to wait and see , " Liddy said . "  There 's always something up our sleeves , " Abby said .	Jon Huntsman 's daughter hit Twitter , TV , YouTube to support Dad 's campaign Mary Anne , Abby and Liddy Huntsman are known as @Jon2012girls Some tweets are serious , some are patriotic , some are silly Campaign is thrilled to have the daughters , communications director says
CNN  -- Sheriff Joe Arpaio of Maricopa County , Arizona , is challenging the Justice Department 's request for certain documents in its investigation of alleged civil rights violations by the sheriff 's office . In a letter to the Justice Department on Friday , Arpaio 's lawyer said the sheriff could n't agree to the department 's September deadline to supply all documents requested for its investigation and questioned the government 's pursuit of broad access to documents , personnel and facilities in the inquiry . The letter , from sheriff 's office attorney Robert Driscoll , alleged that the Justice Department 's position that it is "  entitled to any document it wants , to access any facility it wishes , and to interview any witness it wants , without limitation ... is simply unreasonable . " Authorities are investigating whether Arpaio 's policies and law enforcement sweeps discriminate against Hispanics . Justice Department officials met Tuesday with Arpaio and his lawyers to request additional documents in the investigation . The department formalized the request in a letter to the sheriff 's lawyers Wednesday . The letter asked the sheriff 's office to send confirmation Friday that it would deliver the documents by September 10 . In his letter to the Justice Department on Friday , Driscoll pushed back on that deadline , saying "  we did not agree to a September 10 , 2010 deadline at our meeting , and we can not agree to one now . "  As I am sure you are aware , " the letter continued , "  MCSO -LSB- Maricopa County Sheriff 's Office -RSB- like many other state and local governmental agencies , has limited resources which can not be deployed indiscriminately without a potentially negative impact on MCSO 's ability to perform its primary functions of enforcing the law and protecting the citizens of Maricopa County . " On Saturday , a Justice Department spokesman said the department expects to receive the documents on time , despite the Friday letter . "  We 're reviewing the letter , " spokeswoman Xochitl Hinojosa said in a statement , "  but as we have said all along , we expect the sheriff 's office to provide nothing short of full compliance with the law , as every other law enforcement agency in the country has done in similar circumstances . " If it does n't turn over the documents , the government has threatened to sue the sheriff 's office "  to compel access to the requested documents , facilities and personnel , " Assistant Attorney General for Civil Rights Thomas Perez has said . Arpaio , who has called himself "  America 's toughest sheriff , " is known for his hard-nosed opposition to illegal immigration . Detractors accuse him of discriminating against Hispanics . Supporters say the Justice Department 's civil rights probe and its separate criminal investigation are politically motivated . In his Friday letter to the Justice Department , Driscoll claimed that some of the requested documents were already in the Justice Department 's possession . "  I must say I was surprised at the apparent lack of command that any members of the DOJ team had over these documents , " Driscoll wrote , referring to the Tuesday meeting . "  Indeed many of the items your team claimed to need are among those documents that the DOJ has and has had for quite some time . " CNN 's Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	Sheriff 's lawyer : Government expectation of documents and access is "  unreasonable " Lawyer refuses to commit to Justice Department 's September 10 deadline Justice Department official says DOJ still expects requested documents on time Officials are investigating alleged civil rights violations by the sheriff 's office
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Intense rain and gushing flood waters threatened Wednesday to cause more misery in monsoon-bloated Pakistan , where 3 million people are already suffering . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton urged Americans to donate to relief efforts , saying that experience in post-earthquake Haiti showed that small donations can make a big difference . Pakistani Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani appealed to residents to curtail expenditures for Ramadan feasts and upcoming independence day celebrations and contribute instead to help their desperate compatriots . As many as 1,500 people have died in Pakistan 's worst flooding in 70 years . Relief agencies were struggling to reach people who have lost everything to walls of water . Many were cut off after roads and bridges washed away . Thousands of others were people already displaced by violence in Pakistan and neighboring Afghanistan , according to the United Nations refugee agency . The flooding also washed away tens of thousands of homes , devastated livestock and swept away farm land . The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees said it has distributed 10,000 tents so far , along with other relief supplies which have assisted some 50,000 people in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and Balochistan provinces . Speaking to reporters in Washington , Clinton stressed the importance of U.S. assistance to Pakistan , a strategically important country whose relationship with Washington continues to be a work on progress . The Obama administration is looking to turn the natural disaster into opportunity , hoping a robust response to the crisis will help improve its poor image among a skeptical Pakistani public . A senior Pakistani military official told CNN that six U.S. helicopters landed at Ghazi airbase Wednesday near the village of Tarbela Ghazi , just north of Islamabad , to participate in the rescue and relief work . The United States has already committed $ 10 million in aid , and U.S. helicopters have airlifted flood victims and helped deliver critical supplies including temporary bridges and 300,000 halal meals , food that meets Islamic dietary law . "  We 've been working hard over the past year to build a partnership with the people of Pakistan , and this is an essential element of that partnership -- reaching out and helping each other in times of need , " Clinton said . She urged Americans to use their cell phones to text the word "  SWAT " to the number 50555 to make a $ 10 contribution to the U.N. refugee agency . The Pakistan Meteorological Department predicted more misery in the days ahead . As much as 2 inches of rain is forecast over the next two days for central Pakistan while scattered showers will continue to fall in the north . Rushing river waters could cause more flooding in downstream areas by this weekend , meteorologists said . In some areas , Pakistanis complained the government has been sluggish to respond . In a special emergency meeting Wednesday , Gilani said the government was doing all it could to address the crisis . People stranded in Tonsa Sharif and Dera Ghazi Khan were still waiting for government relief , reported CNN affiliate Geo TV . Meanwhile , limited access to clean water and poor hygienic conditions raised the threat of widespread acute respiratory infections , diarrhea and skin infections , said the medical group Medecins Sans Frontieres  also known as Doctors Without Borders  , which is supporting health units in Mandrakhel , Wadpaga , and Gulbela in the Peshawar district , and the Paddi Hospital in the Nowshera district . Collapsed bridges meant the medical teams were unable to reach the badly hit North Swat region . A case of cholera has been confirmed in Swat . CNN 's Reza Sayah and Elise Labott contributed to this report	NEW : Secretary of State Hillary Clinton appeals for aid NEW : Clinton says the crisis aid is essential part of building ties with Pakistan About 3 million people have been affected by monsoon rains and flooding Some Pakistanis say their government has been slow to respond
Two years after Hispanics rioted against police in a city that Disneyland made famous , Anaheim , California , has hired the first Latino police chief in its 157-year history . Raul Quezada , 44 , was sworn in as chief on Wednesday , overseeing a police department that is 56 % white in a city that is 53 % Hispanic -- and is still reeling from strife that grew out of police shootings of poor Latinos , including at least one resulting in death , sparking the riots . Quezada acknowledges his daunting task . In 2012 , two deadly police shootings in one summer weekend led to a protest outside City Hall , just 1 1/2 miles from Disneyland , the city 's famous attraction . That protest turned violent and spread throughout the central city for four days . Quezada , who worked his way up in the department after starting as a patrolman in 1996 , will seek to regain the community 's trust through civil engagement , he said . Anaheim has a population of 336,000 and is also home to baseball 's Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim and hockey 's Anaheim Ducks . "  We have to have an open dialogue , " Quezada said . "  Last Saturday I worked with a patrol officer out in the field . I want them to see the police chief is out there along with the officers . That way the police officer sees the way the chief is working with the community , and that builds and fosters that mindset . " One of Quezada 's programs is called "  Coffee With A Cop , " where citizens "  just ask any questions they want about any topic whatsoever , " Quezada said . "  We then answer , and the dialogue happens and then the relationship starts to form . And in my opinion that has released a lot of the stress , " he said . He knows he has already made history in Anaheim . "  It 's very , very prideful for me for me to be able to sit in this capacity and to be the first Hispanic " police chief , he said . Quezada was born and raised in Pico Rivera , California , which is outside the well-known Latino community of East Los Angeles and is about 17 miles northwest of Anaheim . He was a Los Angeles police officer for three years before joining the Anaheim force . In the past 10 years , Anaheim has had 50 shootings involving police officers , and 22 people died in those shootings , said Lt. Tim Schmidt . That track record worries longtime community leaders such as Amin David of a group called Los Amigos , who said he hopes the police department will improve its relationship with the Latino community . "  The shootings outraged our community , " David said of the 2012 violence . "  There were demonstrations , and there is still a lot of hurt . " In one of the 2012 fatal shootings that led to the riots , unarmed 25-year-old Manuel Diaz was shot in the back , and , after he fell , police shot him in the head and killed him , the family alleged in a lawsuit . Police acknowledged Diaz was unarmed , but "  based on the actions of Diaz during a foot pursuit , our officer believed Diaz was armed with a gun and posed an immediate threat , " police spokesman Tim Schmidt said . "  The officer fired his weapon in response to that threat . " In 2012 , police also described Diaz as a gang member , but that characterization enraged the community . The second shooting occurred when a man in a car theft case opened fire on police , authorities said . Officers returned fire , killing Joel Acevedo , 21 .	Chief Raul Quezada is the first Latino police chief in Anaheim 's 157-year history Quezada , 44 , worked his way up the ranks from patrolman in 1996 He implements "  Coffee With A Cop " to build community trust Riots by Latinos erupted in 2012 after police fatally shot an unarmed Hispanic man
CNN  -- Football legend Diego Maradona has accused world governing body FIFA of being corrupt and run by greedy officials who have made millions from the sport . The 1986 World Cup winner delivered the broadside at his first press conference as coach of Dubai-based club Al Wasl on Saturday , as he reflected on the recent FIFA presidential elections in which incumbent Sepp Blatter ran unopposed . Blatter 's main opponent , Mohamed Bin Hammam of Qatar , was suspended ahead of the vote along with fellow FIFA executive Jack Warner following accusations of bribery . "  There is a lot of corruption involving FIFA officials and they are all millionaires because of football , " the former Argentina player and coach said . "  I wonder if Blatter has ever kicked a football in his life , and yet we have been under the control of such people who have refused to give up power in FIFA . "  Why do n't they all just relinquish their positions , take the money they have made and leave the running of the sport in the more capable hands of former football players ? " Maradona , a controversial figure who was sent home from the 1994 World Cup for using drugs , said he had never liked the FIFA establishment . "  I do n't support corrupt people and I will never be on their side . I have always been asked by them to support the FIFA family . But what family are they talking about ? This sport belongs to us and they have never ever asked us to be part of the development process , " the 50-year-old said . "  They have too much power and this has made them so arrogant and proud . This is not what a genuine football lover needs from such officials . After all football , is the biggest sport in the world . "  We will continue doing what we are doing so that these corrupt people go away . They are too old and since they have made so much money at the cost of football , they should simply take it all and go away . Please leave football alone . " Maradona , who turned up more than an hour late for the media briefing , added that FIFA had stifled his attempts to form a players ' union . "  What did FIFA do ? They worked against us to ensure the union never saw the light of day , " he said . Meanwhile , FIFA is investigating Argentina 's 4-1 defeat by Nigeria on Wednesday as part of a wider investigation into match-fixing , according to a report in Britain 's Daily Telegraph on Saturday . The paper said there was evidence of irregular patterns as referee Ibrahim Chaibou of Niger allowed three extra minutes of injury-time in addition to the five already awarded before Argentina scored from a penalty . "  FIFA can confirm that this match between Nigeria and Argentina was one that we had an active interest in , and forms part of a wider ongoing investigation , " it said in a statement to the Telegraph . The Nigerian Football Federation released a statement denying the accusation on Saturday . "  We are concerned at attempts by unscrupulous elements to play down the feat that our national team performed by beating Argentina , " general secretary Musa Amadu said . "  This match was shown on many television stations , including ESPN , and in front of a crowd of 50,000 , and we are certain that Nigeria 's Super Eagles deservedly won that match , playing to the rules , and clearly outplaying our opponents . "	Soccer 's ruling body FIFA condemned as ` corrupt ' by Diego Maradona Argentina legend rants against its officials at press conference in Dubai The 50-year-old says he has never been comfortable with FIFA establishment He says its officials tried to prevent him forming a players ' union
Poachers killed one of Kenya 's most beloved elephants -- a behemoth animal with tusks so large , they touched the ground . Satao was shot with poisoned arrows in the sprawling Tsavo National Park in the country 's southeast . Wildlife officials found his carcass with two massive holes where his tusks once stood . His face was so badly mutilated , authorities used other ways to identify him , including his ears and the pattern of mud caked on his body . "  Satao is dead , killed by an ivory poacher 's poisoned arrow to feed the seemingly insatiable demand for ivory in far off countries . A great life lost so that someone far away can have a trinket on their mantlepiece , " Tsavo Trust said in statement late Friday . "  Rest in peace , old friend , you will be missed . " Satao was about 45 years old , and a hit among visitors at the national park , where understaffed conservationists monitored him regularly to protect him from poachers . "  When he was alive , his enormous tusks were easily identifiable , even from the air , " said Tsavo Trust , a non-profit that protects wildlife . Though he mostly roamed within a limited part of the park , he recently started venturing to an area considered a hotbed of poaching activity . The area he moved to in search of fresh water is hard to access due to its thick vegetation and scarce roads . "  With today 's mounting poaching pressures and anti-poaching resources stretched to the limit , it proved impossible to prevent the poachers getting through the net , " Tsavo Trust said . His carcass was found earlier this month , but authorities verified his identity Friday . "  We are left with no choice but to acknowledge that the great Satao is no more , " the trust said in a statement . South Africa marks worst year in rhino killings Satao is a victim of an illegal ivory trade that has doubled worldwide since 2007 , with the United States among the top markets for illegally acquired tusks because of unregulated ways of purchasing ivory , including the Internet and auctions . China is the largest market , and other Asian nations such as Thailand , the Philippines and Vietnam also drive demand . Conservation groups say the recent surge in the illicit ivory trade has resulted in the killing of 30,000 African elephants annually in recent years . The tusks sell for thousands of dollars , making it a lucrative trade and endangering already fragile populations in Africa . "  The surge in the killing of elephants in Africa and the illegal taking of other listed species globally threatens not only wildlife populations but the livelihoods of millions who depend on tourism for a living , " said Achim Steiner , executive director of the U.N. environment program . Armed groups are capitalizing on the increasing value of ivory by killing elephants and trading their tusks for arms and ammunition . Elephants , rangers face growing threats in Chad Opinion : Elephants slaughtered for trinkets and terrorism	Satao had tusks so large , they touched the ground Beloved elephant was a hit among tourists at the national park Conservation groups : Surge in illicit ivory trade results in killing of 30,000 African elephants a year
CNN  -- He was the so-called "  Fastest Man on No Legs , " and his inspiring story captured the imagination of the world at the London Olympics . Now , Pistorius is playing the lead role in a more tragic tale that began in the early hours of Valentine 's Day 2013 . The Olympic and Paralympic sprinter is facing a maximum five-year prison sentence after he was found guilty of the negligent killing of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp on February 14 , 2013 . He claimed he mistook Steenkamp for an intruder and was cleared of murder . Despite a seven-month trial , much remains in question about what happened at his upmarket home in Pretoria , South Africa around 4 a.m. that Thursday morning , leaving stunned fans at a loss to explain how their hero could have fallen so far and so fast . Speaking to CNN 's Robyn Curnow in the last few weeks before his sentencing , Pistorius told her that he would respect and accept the decision of the court and that he was not afraid of imprisonment . He said he hoped to contribute while in prison by teaching people how to read or start a gym or running club . But it may prove to be the greatest challenge yet for a man who 's already overcome many difficulties . Born with a congenital abnormality , Pistorius , 27 , had both his legs amputated below the knee before his first birthday , but through sheer determination carved out a career in world-class athletics . In 2012 , he became the first double amputee to compete against able-bodied runners at the London 2012 Olympics , adding to his fame as the "  Blade Runner , " a reference to his carbon fiber prosthetic legs . While he failed to win a medal , Pistorius ' presence on the track was hailed as a triumph over adversity and a victory over critics who claimed his blades gave him an unfair advantage over the able-bodied . He did take home medals from the Paralympic Games . For many , he was an example of what could be achieved through a potent mix of determination , positivity and skill . Who is Oscar Pistorius , really ? Soon after his arrest , the athlete 's image was pulled from billboards across South Africa . Sponsors suspended their deals as admirers questioned whether Pistorius ' sporting successes had perhaps obscured a more complex character off the track . Was Pistorius violent ? On the edge ? In a story titled "  The Fast Life of Oscar Pistorius " published in the New York Times , writer Michael Sokolove wrote : "  Pistorius is , as well , blessed with an uncommon temperament -- a fierce , even frenzied need to take on the world at maximum speed and with minimum caution . " After the shooting , a police spokeswoman said there had been "  previous incidents " at Pistorius ' home , including "  allegations of a domestic nature , " but did not say what they had been . Besides the five-year prison term for culpable homicide , the athlete was also given a three-year sentence , suspended for five years , on a weapons charge stemming from an incident in which he discharged a loaded firearm in a restaurant . The sprinter moved into his uncle Arnold 's house in Pretoria after the shooting . Video surfaced last June of Pistorius training , but he has not returned to the track in an official capacity . In an exclusive interview last summer , Arnold Pistorius said his nephew was heartbroken . "  What can you say if the person you love the most dies , and you were the instrument ? " he told CNN . "  How would you feel ? It 's unthinkable . " It was known that Pistorius owned guns . He was a keen shooter and despite his disability he was not afraid to take risks . During a visit to Pistorius ' house a few years ago , he showed CNN images of himself water-skiing , scuba diving and quad bike riding . "  I grew up in a family where disability was never an issue . We did n't really speak about my disability , not because it was a topic that was taboo ... it was just never an issue . And that 's the mentality that I 've had , " Pistorius told CNN in late 2012 . From a young age , Pistorius dedicated himself to being the best he could be at sport . "  I was never much of an academic at school so I had to find something which I enjoyed . I started sports and from a very young age , my mother said to us ` sports is not about being the best , but it 's about giving your best . ' Divided reaction Support from Pistorius ' family has been firm and unwavering since Steenkamp 's death . "  We have no doubt there is no substance to the allegation and that the State 's own case , including its own forensic evidence , strongly refutes any possibility of a premeditated murder or indeed any murder at all , " said Arnold Pistorius before the athlete 's conviction . Addressing reporters after the sentencing , Arnold Pistorius again criticized the state prosecution for pursuing the murder charge , saying that as a result "  the truth became totally irrelevant to the state 's attempt to to make the premeditated murder stick . " He said the 20 months since Steenkamp 's death had been harrowing for both families and Pistorius -- and had left everyone emotionally drained and exhausted . "  As an uncle , " he said , "  I hope Oscar will start his own healing process as he walks down the path of restoration . "  As a family we are ready to support and guide Oscar as he serves his sentence . " Pistorius ' agent , Peet Van Zyl , referred to the sprinter as his "  friend and a great professional athlete . " He said thousands of people had sent messages of support from all over the world in the wake of the shooting . Steenkamp 's family is skeptical about the man who killed their daughter . Her father Barry Steenkamp told the Afrikaans-language newspaper Beeld : "  It does n't matter how rich -LSB- Pistorius -RSB- is ... and how good his legal team is . He needs to live with himself if he lets his legal team lie for him . " READ MORE : Oscar Pistorius ' affidavit to court in full "  But if he 's telling the truth , I may forgive him one day , " he said . But " if it did n't happen as he described it , he should suffer . And he will suffer ... only he knows . " At the supermarket down the road from his house , parking attendant Andre Tsekedi told CNN last February that he saw Pistorius and Steenkamp a few days before the shooting : "  They were holding hands and looked so happy . " Another , Samuel Motau , described Pistorius as "  a very generous man . " "  He tipped us $ 10 every time . The only reason I never went to bed hungry was because of Oscar Pistorius . " Growing up As a child , Pistorius competed in water polo , cricket , tennis , triathlons and Olympic wrestling and boxing , before he smashed his knee while playing rugby at the age of 16 . He took up track running as part of his rehabilitation , and within one year he was covering 100 meters faster than the existing Paralympic world record . In 2004 , Pistorius took his first gold at the Athens Paralympics and one year later competed against able-bodied Olympics for the first time , at the South African Championships . Pistorius ' career on the track suffered a setback in 2009 when he suffered serious head injuries in a boating accident . It took him almost eight weeks to recover , a period of time the athlete has described as "  fairly difficult " as it marked the first season in four or five years in which he did n't record a personal best . Soon after the London Olympics , Pistorius led his national team onto the track as South African flag-bearer in the opening ceremony of the Paralympic Games . He went on to set a new world record in the 200-meter event but later suffered a shock defeat in the final , his first competitive loss over the distance in nine years . During the very last track event of the Paralympics , Pistorius again picked himself up and smashed the 400-meter T44 Paralympic record in a time of 46.68 to take gold . It ended a summer he later described as "  a dream come true , " according to his website . Beyond the track Pistorius ' determination to succeed made him one of the world 's most recognizable athletes . He appeared on the cover of men 's magazine , GQ Style , under the headline "  Man of the Future , " and was named on People magazine 's 2012 list of "  Sexiest Man Alive . " According to his website , Pistorius is an ambassador for the Mineseeker Foundation , a non-profit organization that works to clear landmines worldwide . When asked about his thoughts on being a role model , Pistorius told CNN before the shooting : "  I think it 's a massive blessing . "  Obviously , being an international sportsman , there 's a lot of responsibility that comes with that . So having to remember that there are kids out there , especially , that look up to you is definitely something that you need to keep at the back of your mind . " Pistorius has more than 300,000 followers on Twitter , tens of thousands of whom added in the days since his arrest last year . His account laid dormant for a year until the anniversary of Steenkamp 's death in February , when he tweeted a link to "  a few words from my heart " on his website . The message said : "  No words can adequately capture my feelings about the devastating accident that has caused such heartache for everyone who truly loved -- and continues to love Reeva . The pain and sadness -- especially for Reeva 's parents , family and friends consumes me with sorrow . The loss of Reeva and the complete trauma of that day , I will carry with me for the rest of my life . " CNN 's Nick Thompson contributed to this report .	Oscar Pistorius was the first double amputee to compete at an able-bodied Olympics He described the summer of 2012 as a "  dream come true " after Paralympic gold The South African had both legs amputated below the knee when he was 11 months old He started playing sport at an early age and became a role model for people worldwide
CNN  -- Dee Caffari did not seem born for a life on the high seas . One of the greatest female sailors on the planet clearly did not take after her mother Barbara , whose fear of water is so strong she will not even take a shower . So when Caffari announced she was quitting her job as a school teacher to pursue a career sailing some of the roughest oceans on the globe , unsurprisingly it sent shock waves through her mother . "  It 's a bit beyond her as she 's scared stiff of water , to the extent she wo n't shower as she does n't like the sensation of water running over her , " says Caffari of her mother . "  She has an understanding of what I do but , in genetics terms , I clearly have taken after my father . " Last week , Caffari set out from Cape Town with a course for Abu Dhabi and the 6,125 nautical miles in between as part of the all-female Team SCA on what will be her fifth yachting voyage around the world , this time in the Volvo Ocean Race . Caffari is the first woman to have sailed single-handed , non-stop around the world in both directions . "  I never dreamt this would happen , I never dreamt I 'd once sail around the world , " admits Caffari , who was teaching physical education to 11 to 18-year-olds and loved the job , meaning she had no great urgency to leave . Her first voyages on water were on a boat on the Thames with her father , Peter who , in many ways , was the inspiration for her change of career -- the 41-year-old quit her job not long after his death 15 years ago . "  It 's strange because I loved my job and had a lot of fun but I had a craving as an adventurer and to travel , " says Caffari of her job teaching from a classroom on England 's south coast where she regularly saw sailing boast pass by in the distance . Water sports were the immediate calling -- first windsurfing and then scuba diving before she finally settled on her sport of choice , sailing , which she had , at least , done at university as part of her degree . "  I remember thinking ` this is something I could do ' , " she recalls . "  I told my Mum I was going to take a break from teaching to go sailing and you should have seen her face . It was a picture -- her face just fell . I tried to reassure her by telling her I could go back to it if things did n't work out but thankfully they did . "  Now the only time I go back to school is to give talks , to hopefully inspire people and give them the confidence to dream . " As for Mum , her outlook has considerably shifted to one of pride , although still laced with a modicum of bemusement due to her own discomfort in water . For Caffari , leg 2 of the Volvo Ocean Race will be her first of the race . The last of the 14-strong team to sign a contract in March , she sat out the opening leg , with only 12 competitors allowed on board to race at any one time . It is perhaps befitting for this latecomer to professional sailing to be a latecomer to this latest venture . She expects to add a fresh gusto to her teammates and is very clear what her role will be on board , one she hopes to keep right until the race finish next year . "  I think I 'm the Mum of the group , a combination of experience with this being my fifth time around the world but also the fact I 'm the oldest in the group , " she says . "  I 'm hopefully the level-headed one so they can look to me for confidence , particularly as for many this will be their first time in the Southern Ocean . "  It 's shell shock when you first go down there , it 's the race 's first big weather system and you realize how big the waves are and how cold it can be . But this is what I signed up for , this is the good stuff , when it 's blowing 40 knots and icy -- that 's fabulous . " Despite her positive outlook , like many other competitors in the race she too has her fears , in particular one of heights and another of fish , both of which she has to tackle head-on . She recalls her time in the 2005 Aviva Challenge race when she was stuck up the mast of her boat for three hours being flung around like a rag doll or having to squeamishly scoop up flying fish that have landed aboard her vessel during the Vendee Globe . But she has a remarkable aptitude for dealing with the harsh nature of the ocean from just 50 minutes sleep at a time during the Vendee Globe to being pumped up on painkillers after suffering a badly swollen knee but having to plough on in the race . Plus there is the issue of solitude -- at one point during her solo circumnavigation , the closest human beings to her were the astronauts on the International Space Station . On this journey , Team SCA currently lie in fourth place overall , defying critics who argued that an all-female team could not match their male counterparts in such a rigorous race . "  The sport itself is still pretty male dominated , " she explains , "  but I think it 's beginning to change that it does n't matter whether you 're male or female . We 're all in the same boat doing the same stuff in the same conditions . Hopefully we 're breaking down the stereotypes and I believe our peers see us as proper competitors . "  We used to be called the girls but that 's changed , now we 're all referred to as Team SCA . I like that , it shows we 're being taken seriously . " This race is one of the few big outings left on Caffari 's to-do list . It also doubles up as another chance to feed her wanderlust and travel the globe again . "  You could say that round-the-world sailing is a drug , " she says . "  When you 're not on the water , you 're pining to be back there . It 's just no two days are ever the same . It 's a fabulous place to be . The day I stop enjoying it is the day I stop . " On the eve of the competition starting for her , the great granddaughter of a Sicilian sea captain -- the only family maritime history she knows of -- she talked excitedly about getting out there , chomping at the bit to get going . She is well-versed to the potential dangers but argues that "  the more miles you do , the more confident you are . " She is relishing the intensity and camaraderie of the team , a far cry from her solo venture . She wants to bring fresh arms , fresh legs and a fresh mind to Team SCA . In her case , mum 's the word . Read more : Superyacht movies : Droned at sea	Britain 's Dee Caffari is one of the world 's great sailors The 41-year-old introduced to sailing by late father , but mother has water phobia She was first woman to sail non-stop , single-handed around globe in both directions Caffari currently heading all-female crew in Volvo Ocean round-the-world race
Hong Kong  CNN  It was n't supposed to work . But China 's Great Firewall -- a massive Internet surveillance and content control system -- has , in many respects , been an unparalleled success . China has Internet companies worth billions of dollars and more web users than the population of the United States -- all while still being able to block information it deems counter to its interests . And now , some fear , the model is going global . "  If you are sitting in Beijing , what 's the problem ? " asks Bill Bishop , China watcher and author of the Sinocism China newsletter in the latest episode of "  On China . " "  You are still in power , you have 650 million Internet users , you have billions of dollars of economic value going to the Internet everyday , you 've used the Internet to increase government transparency , investors love us and they ca n't throw enough money at our companies that have more than half a trillion dollars in market capitalization , " says Bishop . Soon after China tip-toed onto the Internet in the late 1980s , it laid down the foundation of the Great Firewall but critics asserted that an Internet with Chinese characteristics would be no Internet at all . During a high-profile media tour in Beijing in 1999 , MIT Media Lab founder and technology pundit Nicholas Negroponte declared that a "  healthy disrespect for authority " was required for any successful Internet industry . A year later , then-U.S. President Bill Clinton announced that "  liberty will spread by cell phone and cable modem " and that any attempt to control the Internet in China would be "  like trying to nail Jell-O to the wall . " Well folks , it 's now 2015 and China has done the impossible . It 's nailed the Jell-O . China has proven it can have its Great Firewall and enjoy great prosperity too . Lokman Tsui , associate professor at the Chinese University of Hong Kong and former head of free expression at Google Asia-Pacific , says that most Chinese are happy with the status quo . "  Their lives have noticeably improved , " he says . "  The model has worked so far . " Currently home to the world 's largest Internet market , China is also home to some of the world 's most valuable Internet companies including e-commerce giant Alibaba and Tencent , now estimated to be worth $ 66.1 billion . The government has fostered the development of the Internet by offering incentives for local entrepreneurs while building walls to keep big Western rivals out . The ban on Western social media sites like YouTube and Facebook has also given home court advantage to China 's own Internet stars like Youku and WeChat . And contrary to Negroponte 's declaration , respecting the strict rules that govern China 's Internet has not gotten in the way of innovation as Chinese tech developers reinterpret existing business models and build out new mobile apps . "  I have n't really come across anybody who would say that yes , because we do n't have a free Internet , therefore we ca n't innovate , " says Bishop . "  From Beijing 's perspective , there 's this fear that if we open up the Internet then it will be chaos . So if the cost is good-enough or almost-good-enough innovation ... it seems like a pretty straight forward equation from the perspective of the policymakers . " And there are signs the Great Firewall is expanding its reach . Last week , the Chinese and English news websites of Reuters news agency became inaccessible in China , joining a number of foreign media destinations that are barred online in China . There have been ways to get around it . Through VPNs , or Virtual Private Networks , web users in China can access restricted content . But in a recent crackdown , the Chinese government is shutting down VPNs -- Beijing 's latest move to shore up its cyber-authority . "  You can filter out keywords , you can filter by URL , you can block or poison DNS  domain name system  , and increasingly now they identify VPNs , " says Tsui . "  The problem is that it 's decided on a national level by the government , " he adds . "  It 's this attitude that ` father knows best . ' " And that "  father " would be Lu Wei , the so-called Internet czar of China who was recently photographed smiling at Mark Zuckerberg 's desk during a visit at Facebook 's headquarters in California . "  Lu Wei is really pushing this ` Internet sovereignty ' model , where we can control the information , we can control the Internet within our borders and we will use our model , " says Roseann Rife , the East Asia research director of Amnesty International . "  More than that , the Chinese authorities are pushing this as a model for the globe and they are going to get a lot of acceptance or buy-in from a lot of different countries . " Amnesty International fears the Great Firewall could become the next great export from China . "  It would be a very attractive model for instance for Russia , for Egypt , or for other states , " Rife says . "  It would be obviously in China 's interest for other people and other nation states to agree with them and their interpretation of Internet sovereignty . " And instead of backing away , Western onlookers may be nodding their heads in agreement . Last year , the U.S.-based LinkedIn decided to censor some content on its Chinese site . And fear is mounting that Zuckerberg 's recent charm offensive with Lu Wei reflects Facebook 's desire to do whatever it takes to crack the China market . So would global Internet users rise up against a Facebook that censors its posts and monitors its users to comply with local laws in China ? It 's unlikely , says Bishop . "  I actually think most users do n't care . " "  At the end of the day , they 're not going to give up Facebook because Facebook is operating differently in China . " A Facebook that fits the firewall , and fortune at the expense of freedom . That is precisely China 's vision of how the Internet should be .	China 's "  Great Firewall " is a massive Internet surveillance and content control system Critics said it would stifle business but now Chinese Internet companies are worth billions Amnesty International fears China is exporting its model to places like Egypt and Russia
New York  CNN  -- More than 1,000 people in New Jersey and New York , many of them adolescent Orthodox Jews , have been sickened with mumps since August , health authorities said Monday . Orange County , New York , has confirmed 494 cases since early November , county spokesman Richard Mayfield told CNN . Almost all of those infected with the virus are of the Orthodox or Hasidic Jewish population , and their average age is 14 , he said . Neighboring Rockland County has confirmed 317 cases since August , with all of the sick from the Orthodox Jewish community , said Kathleen Henry , county Deputy Commissioner of Health . Their average is 14 to 18 , she said . Just south of the two counties , in New York City , Brooklyn had 79 confirmed cases of mumps as of October 30 , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reported in November . Any confirmation of other infections in the city are expected to be announced Tuesday . The mumps outbreak began at a summer camp for Orthodox Jewish boys in Sullivan County , New York , according to the CDC . Health officials have linked the outbreak to an 11-year-old boy at the camp . He had recently returned from the United Kingdom , where a mumps outbreak had spread to 4,000 people . The mumps outbreak also spread to Ocean County , New Jersey , where 159 confirmed cases have been diagnosed since September , county spokeswoman Leslie Terjesen told CNN . An additional 70 others are suspected of having mumps , she said . Only seven of the infected are not Orthodox Jewish , but they all had exposure to the community , Terjesen said . The average age of the sick is 21 , she said . Lakewood , New Jersey , Rabbi Yehunda Pirutinsky was surprised when his 14-year-old son was diagnosed with mumps a week ago . Lakewood is in Ocean County . "  He was completely vaccinated , " Pirutinsky said . "  So it was a surprise to us he came down with mumps . " Anyone fully vaccinated from mumps receives two doses of the vaccine , according to the CDC . Of the New Jersey cases , 77 percent were vaccinated , Terjesen said . But the vaccine is not 100 percent effective , according to the CDC . At two doses , the vaccine is 76 to 95 percent effective , the CDC says on its Web site . In November , the CDC called the spike in mumps cases , "  the largest U.S. mumps outbreak since 2006 , when the United States experienced a resurgence of mumps with 6,584 reported cases . " Then , only 179 people were sickened in New York and New Jersey . Mumps is a contagious disease caused by a virus , according to the CDC . Initial symptoms appear 12 to 25 days after infection and include fever , headache , muscle aches and loss of appetite . Mumps can cause the jaw and cheeks to swell , with further complications including the inflammation of the brain , testicles or ovaries , and deafness , according to the CDC . Pirutinsky 's son has fully recovered from his bout with mumps , which Pirutinsky assumes he contracted while at his Jewish high school . A doctor advised the teenager to not attend school for a week and limit time with his siblings , Pirutinsky said . The outbreak has disproportionately affected Orthodox Jewish communities , but Pirutinsky said he was n't overly worried . "  I would n't say the community is alarmed , but it 's something we 're aware of , " he said . CNN 's Edmund DeMarche , Miriam Falco and Nicole Bliman contributed to this report .	Almost all the cases of mumps involve adolescent Orthodox Jews Outbreak traced to boy who went to United Kingdom during mumps outbreak Severe cases of mumps can lead to brain inflammation and deafness It 's the largest outbreak in the U.S. since 2006
CNN   -- He 's one of a new generation of African leaders , championing a free market , stronger ties to the West and the ultimate unification of Africa . Kikwete was elected president of Tanzania with 80 percent of the vote in 2005 , and maintains strong support at home and abroad . However he faces some tough challenges combating poverty and growing Tanzania 's economy . But ultimately he says his mission is focused and simple : "  Essentially it is service to the people of Tanzania ; this is my interest . "	Tanzania 's fourth president elected in 2005 with 80 percent of popular vote Joined the military after university before going into politics Aspires for a "  United States of Africa " with a single government Was the first African leader to meet U.S. President Obama in Washington D.C.
CNN  -- In the time it takes you to skim this piece , you could travel 95 stories into the clouds on the world 's new fastest elevator . The elevator will operate in a new supertall skyscraper being built in Guangzhou , China . With a top speed of 45 mph  72 km/h  , this lift will fling you nearly half a kilometer in just 43 seconds . That 's like riding a speeding commuter train -- into the sky . The elevator incorporates high-tech wizardry to give you a comfortable ride even as you 're shooting vertically toward the heavens . According to manufacturer Hitachi , special technology will regulate air pressure within the car to keep your ears from getting blocked as you fly skywards . "  Rollers " will keep the car from swinging wildly from side to side . And in case something goes wrong on the way down ? Newly developed brakes are high able to resist extreme heat -- up to 300 degrees Celsius , says Hitachi . Ca n't wait to ride it ? Too bad -- the Guangzhou CTF Financial Centre skyscraper does n't officially open until 2016 . At 1,739 feet  530 meters  tall , the building will be one of the world 's tallest -- though not as tall as the current record-holder Burj Khalifa , which stands at 2,717 feet  828 meters  . And even that building will be dwarfed by the upcoming Kingdom Tower in Saudi Arabia , expected to pierce the skies at 3,281 feet  1 kilometer  high .	Hitachi 's new lift climbs 95 floors in 43 seconds Technology limits elevator shake , regulates air pressure Elevator will be in new Guangzhou skyscraper , opening in 2016
PENSACOLA , Florida  CNN  -- A man police believe organized the slaying of a Florida couple earlier this month told authorities he knew the victims and received financial support from them for a martial arts studio , according to court documents released Monday . Leonard Patrick Gonzalez Jr. , 35 , is one of seven people charged with murder in the July 9 killings . Leonard Patrick Gonzalez Jr. , 35 , is one of seven people charged with murder in the July 9 deaths of Byrd and Melanie Billings of Beulah , Florida . An affidavit for a search warrant for Gonzalez 's van noted the connection between him and the couple , but gave no other details . "  My understanding is , through speaking with the investigative agencies , that Mr. Gonzalez sought donations from a variety of community and business leaders and that perhaps Mr. Billings did not lend him money , but donated to this academy for children , " Crystal Spencer , attorney for the Billings family , told CNN . "  It was a defense academy -- a self-defense academy for children . But the connection goes no further that we are aware of . " The Billingses , who were known for adopting special-needs children , were fatally shot during a home invasion robbery , according to police . Their bodies were found in their bedroom , said the court documents . Gonzalez told police he owns a red Dodge cargo van similar to one seen on surveillance video leaving the Billings home on the day of the slayings , but he said it was not in operating condition , according to an affidavit seeking a search warrant on the van . After a picture of the van seen at the crime scene was released to the media , a man contacted police to tell them it resembled a van he owned for a number of years and had recently sold to a woman named Terri Poff , the affidavit said . He provided pictures of the van , which appeared to match the one seen on the surveillance camera , including some of its unusual features , the documents said . The man told police that Poff told him she was buying the van for her son , Leonard Gonzalez , according to the affidavit . Watch recap of the case and links between suspects " Authorities located the van at Gonzalez 's residence , and its vehicle identification number matched that provided by the previous owner , the documents said . A search warrant document filed with the court shows that in a July 11 search of the van , police took carpet samples , seat covers , a piece of duct tape , paint samples , and containers of disinfectant wipes , garbage bags and soap pads , among other items , the document said . Police previously have said robbery was a motive , but not the only motive . Asked whether the slayings could have been a contracted hit , Escambia County Sheriff David Morgan told CNN , "  This gets back to motive and we want to assure the public that we have n't taken that or anything off the table . We 're looking for any reason , any motive for this to have happened , so yes , we are looking at a hit as a motive . Morgan told CNN he wanted to talk to up to nine more people and planned to make at least one more arrest before he winds down the investigation in a few days . He did not provide further details , but said authorities planned to interview Gonzalez 's wife on Monday . The Billingses had adopted 13 children , and each had two biological children , but three of the adopted children have died . Police said nine of the children were home at the time of the home invasion ; one of them managed to flee and seek help at a neighbor 's home . Ashley Markham , one of the adult children from Byrd and Melanie Billings ' previous marriages , said she has decided to move into the home to take care of the children . Markham told CNN that they are having work done on the home to make it safer before they move back in . Additional documents released Monday from the Florida Department of Children and Families show a bizarre attempt by Byrd Billings to copyright the children 's names and request money from the department for their use . A department attorney , Katie George , told the Pensacola News-Journal that every time the agency sent Billings a letter referencing the children by name , he would reply with an invoice demanding millions in copyright infringement . In one document released by the department , he demands $ 10 million in silver or federal reserve notes of equal value . In a sharply worded letter of December 2005 , another department attorney , Richard Cserep , wrote to Billings , "  you reference a wide variety of law in connection with this claim " for damages . "  This includes copyright violations , trademark violations , contract violations , admiralty and maritime law , libel and the Truth in Lending Act . At no time in any of your correspondence have you made a plain demand for damages under a clear and cognizable theory of liability . " A handwritten note on the letter says that no further correspondence was received from Billings after that letter . A safe containing prescription medication , family documents and some jewelry was taken from the Billings home at the time of their slayings , authorities said . It was found in the back yard of Pamela Wiggins , an eighth suspect , who is charged with being an accessory after the fact . Wiggins is free on $ 10,000 bond . Watch lawyer reveal contents of safe " Morgan said when the safe was found , it was buried with bricks on top in "  an obvious attempt to conceal " it . Wiggins is a friend and landlord of one of the suspects . Attempts by CNN to reach her and her attorney have been unsuccessful . One of the seven original suspects in the case , Donald Ray Stallworth , was arrested in Alabama . At a hearing Monday , Escambia County , Alabama , Judge Bert Rice withdrew an earlier $ 1 million bond and ordered Stallworth held without bail until Alabama Gov. Bob Riley signs an order to extradite him to Florida . Surveillance video from the home shows two vehicles pulling up to the property and five masked people dressed in black entering the house . Authorities believe both drivers remained in the vehicles . It appears the suspects did not believe they were under surveillance , Morgan said . The system , which was not disabled , was a "  gaping hole " in a well-executed crime , he said . While the investigation into the murders continues , Markham said her focus now is on helping the rest of her family through the tragedy . She said she told the children about their parents , adding that her mother had explained heaven to the kids as a wonderful place . The kids were given balloons and told by writing messages on them , they would be able to talk to their parents since "  they were angels . " CNN 's Susan Candiotti , Ross Levitt , Aaron Cooper , Mike Phelan , Ed Lavandera and John Couwels contributed to this report .	Bizarre docs show dad tried to copyright children 's names Cops : Murder organizer knew victims , received financial support from them Sheriff says one more arrest expected in killings of Byrd and Melanie Billings Couple who adopted special needs children fatally shot July 9
Jerusalem  CNN  -- A Palestinian turned himself in to Israeli authorities Thursday to say he was responsible for one of two incidents in which vehicles smashed into Israelis a day earlier , the Israeli military said . Though the motives were n't immediately clear , the incidents were the latest in a series of vehicles striking pedestrians in Israel and the West Bank as the long-taut tensions between Israelis and Palestinians worsened in recent months , agitated in part by killings and a seven-week Israeli-Gaza conflict earlier this year . They also came amid days of outrage and clashes in Jerusalem over the status of one of the holiest sites in Judaism and Islam -- the Temple Mount , known by Muslims as Haram al-Sharif , or the Noble Sanctuary . The man who surrendered Thursday said he was the driver who rammed into an Israeli military post Wednesday near Al-Aroub in the West Bank , injuring three Israeli soldiers , the Israeli military said . The driver fled after the incident . The injured soldiers were taken to Jerusalem 's Hadassah Hospital . All three are in moderate condition , said Dr. Asher Salmon , the hospital 's deputy head . Earlier , Israeli police spokeswoman Luba Samri said one was in critical condition . Earlier Wednesday , a Palestinian man drove a van into pedestrians at a rail station in eastern Jerusalem , killing an Israeli border police officer and injuring 13 other people , police said . Police shot and killed that driver , identified by Israeli authorities as a member of the Islamist Hamas movement , Samri said . News of the driver 's killing ignited fierce clashes between Israeli security forces and Palestinian youths at the entrance of an eastern Jerusalem Palestinian refugee camp where the suspect lived , according to witnesses . No motive was immediately released , but Hamas supported the hitting of the Jerusalem pedestrians in a text message to the news media : "  Hamas blesses the action . What is happening in Jerusalem is pushing us to prepare for war . " Israeli police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld called the incident "  a terrorist attack . " Wednesday 's developments came on the heels of two hit-and-run incidents that happened in Jerusalem and the West Bank last month . On October 22 , a Palestinian man rammed his car into commuters waiting at a light rail stop in Jerusalem , killing a baby and wounding several other people , Israeli police said . Palestinian state news reported that a 5-year-old girl died on October 19 after an Israeli settler deliberately ran over her as she returned home from kindergarten near a village to the north of Ramallah in the West Bank . Clashes at Jerusalem holy site Wednesday 's pedestrian crashes also came against a backdrop of days of unrest over the Temple Mount , or Haram al-Sharif . Israeli police on Wednesday clashed with Palestinian youths at the holy site , leaving more than 15 people injured , according to paramedics with the Red Crescent . It was just the latest round of unrest there since activist Rabbi Yehuda Glick was shot and gravely wounded last week after championing more Jewish rights at the site , where Jews can currently gather , but not pray . Israeli police shot and killed a suspect in Glick 's shooting . Glick 's October 29 shooting helped to ratchet up tensions in Jerusalem and prompted Israeli authorities to close the holy site for one day -- a move that a spokesman for Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas called a "  declaration of war . " Recent tension at the holy site Some of the recent tension centers on the Temple Mount/Haram al-Sharif and Glick , who has argued that Jews must have a place of worship there . Such a Jewish prayer right is a sensitive issue for Muslims , who suspect a plan to expel them from the site . A spokesman for the military wing of Hamas said Wednesday that the site 's al-Aqsa Mosque "  is the detonator needed to ignite a volcano in the face of the cowardly and treacherous occupier . " "  We salute the heroes of the mujahideen of Hamas , " Abu Abiada said in a message posted on the military wing 's website . Since Muslims began construction at the site in the seventh century , Haram al-Sharif , now controlled by an Islamic trust , has been an almost constant source of tension between Muslims and Jews . Jordan controlled the site for a time until 1967 , when Israel seized eastern Jerusalem . With its golden dome overlooking Jerusalem , the site is said to have hosted sacred events in the Jewish , Muslim and Christian religions . Jewish tradition holds that the Temple Mount contains Mount Moriah , where Abraham , the Hebrew patriarch , is said to have nearly sacrificed his son -- under God 's orders -- before an angel intervened . Later , Israeli King Solomon constructed the first Jewish temple on the mount , including the Holy of Holies , a room that kept the Ark of the Covenant . At the foot of the Temple Mount , the 62-foot-tall Western Wall , or Wailing Wall , stands . Once supporting the courtyard of the ancient temple , Jews gather there now to hold religious services , to pray or to slip notes into its cracks . For Muslims , the Noble Sanctuary contains one of the most sacred sites in Islam : the al-Aqsa Mosque . Muslims believe that the Prophet Mohammed was carried on a flying steed from Mecca to the site during his miraculous Night Journey , said Muqtedar Khan , an expert on Islam and politics at the University of Delaware . CNN 's Michael Schwartz reported from Jerusalem . CNN 's Jason Hanna reported and wrote in Atlanta . CNN 's Tal Amir , Daniel Burke , Tim Lister , Kareem Khadder , Greg Botelho , Talal Abu Rahma , Erin McLaughlin and Ralph Ellis contributed to this report .	Israeli military : A man who says he struck soldiers has turned himself in A vehicle struck an Israeli military post in the West Bank , injuring three , the military says That came hours after a van struck pedestrians in Jerusalem , killing one and injuring 13 The incidents came amid rising tension over killings , status of holy site
London  CNN  -- A London court heard closing arguments Wednesday in the trial of two men accused of the brutal daylight killing of British soldier Lee Rigby . Judge Nigel Sweeney told jurors at the Old Bailey criminal court he expected them to retire to consider their verdict on Thursday morning . Michael Adebolajo , 29 , and Michael Adebowale , 22 , are accused of murder and attempted murder of a police officer . They have denied the charges . The prosecution says the suspects deliberately attacked an unarmed man from behind using a vehicle as a weapon , "  and then they murdered him and mutilated his body with a meat cleaver and knives . " The killing of Rigby outside the Woolwich Barracks in southeast London on May 22 shocked the nation . He left behind a wife and a young son . Closing arguments Defense lawyers on Wednesday finished their closing arguments . Lawyer David Gottlieb referred to his client Adebolajo by his Islamic name , Mujahid Abu Hamza , describing him as intelligent , totally sincere in his beliefs and as someone who has shown "  absolute honesty and moral conviction . " While Adebolajo took to the stand earlier this month , Adebowale has not given evidence during the trial . His lawyer , Abbas Lakha , also referring to his client by his Islamic name , Ismael Abdullah , asked jury members to set aside their prejudice and emotion in this case . He echoed Adebolajo 's testimony regarding their intent . When he was asked earlier this month what his defense to the charge of murder was , Adebolajo said : "  I am a soldier . I am a soldier of Allah . " Both defense lawyers argue that is not the same as intent to murder . Adebolajo had told the court he killed the soldier because he is fighting a war . "  I do not dispute I killed him , " he said under cross-examination . In regard to the charge of attempted murder of a police officer , Lakha said both defendants intended to make police feel threatened because they wanted to be shot . The gun Adebowale aimed at police was not loaded ; he knew that he would not be able to harm police , the lawyer said . He then played to the jury the CCTV footage of the moment the defendants were shot by police . "  Here is a man who knows he has an empty gun in his hand and can not harm anyone , " he said , Lakha said a note that Adebolajo later handed to a bystander was a joint note and could be regarded as a suicide note as part of it read "  If I live beyond this day . " In its closing remarks on Tuesday , the prosecution described the attack as "  cowardly and callous , " saying , "  Islam , one of the world 's great religions , is not on trial . "	Defense lawyers give closing arguments Judge expects jurors to retire to consider verdicts Thursday Killing of soldier Lee Rigby outside barracks in southeast London shocked the nation Michael Adebolajo and Michael Adebowale deny murder and attempted murder charges
CNN  -- Syria 's shelling of a border town in Turkey has sparked fears that President Bashar al-Assad 's attempt to snuff out a rebellion at home could turn into a damaging regional war between the two neighbors . Five civilians , all women and children , in the town of Akcakale were killed by Syrian artillery rounds in the worst single case of violence on the Turkish side of the border since Syria 's unrest began last year . What 's behind Syria 's shelling of Turkey ? While Syria has n't confirmed its motive for firing into Turkey , rebels fighting an 18-month war against the Assad regime have allegedly been using positions on the Turkish border as a safe haven to regroup and re-arm following battles with Syrian troops . Another explanation , says one expert , is that in a cat-and-mouse pursuit to neutralize rebel groups near the border , Syrian artillery units simply overshot their target . "  These things happen in the fog of war , " Jeremy Binnie , Middle East and Africa editor of Jane 's Defence Weekly , told CNN . "  If your artillery battery is 10 kilometers away and you 're trying to call a strike down on the border , it 's pretty easy to put a few rounds in the wrong place if you put in the calculations wrong . " Opinion : Why Turkey , Syria do n't want war The incident prompted the Turkish parliament to give the government powers to authorize troops to deploy to foreign countries , along with retaliatory Turkish artillery strikes on military positions in Syria -- but both sides have insisted they do n't want war . Which country , Syria or Turkey , has the stronger military ? Turkey , a NATO member , has the most powerful military in the region . Binnie says Turkey flies Western-made jets , and that its older equipment has been upgraded and supplemented with early-warning radar airplanes and unmanned drones . Turkey also has a formidable ground force that has spent decades fighting the Kurdish separatist rebels of the KPP in the southeast of the country . Analysis : Kurds add explosive element to Syria equation Despite their robust military capability , and despite the fact the Syrian army has been worn down by 18 months of civil war , Binnie says Syria 's missile capabilities mean Turkey 's not interested in anything more than limited border excursions . "  Turkey would n't want to tangle with the Syrians , who do still have the ultimate deterrent of long-range chemical weapons capabilities , " he told CNN . What weapons do Syrian forces have ? Where are they coming from ? Syria 's greatest strength has also been its weakness in the current fight against rebels . The Assad regime spent years buying up sophisticated long range missiles , air defense systems and chemical weapons to counter the threat of an airborne attack from Israel . But the long-term focus on long range weaponry has left the regime unprepared to fight a guerrilla war in the streets of Syrian cities -- an approach that requires flexible , mobile infantry with stockpiles of smaller arms . Syria has been the Middle East 's top importer of Russian weaponry , most of which is now more than 20 years old -- and Binnie says the Syrian air force has been underfunded to the point of "  regime forces dropping what amount to IEDs  improvised explosive devices  from helicopters . " Recently , Syria has attempted to get some of its Mi-24 attack helicopters refurbished by Russia -- a move which prompted an international outcry -- and has ordered Yak-130 advanced training jets and MiG-29 fighter jets that have yet to be delivered . While the Kremlin has pledged not to deliver new weapons to Syria , it is unclear whether the Assad regime will get the weapons it ordered before the uprising began last year . Syria 's heavy weaponry and battle tanks may be Russian made , but wars of attrition like this also require huge amounts of small arms . To that end , Iran -- Syria 's other major regional ally -- has been using Iraqi airspace to fly small arms , infantry weaponry and personnel into Syria , according to U.S. officials . Analysis : What does Iran get for supporting Assad ? Iraq says it is conducting random searches on Syrian-bound Iranian planes that use its airports , but as Binnie points out , "  the Iraqis do n't have any way to force Iranian planes to land . " In addition to the tanks and troops fanned out across the country , Syria has also deployed communications interception systems to try to track rebels . CNN reporters who have been on the ground there say for the most part using a cell phone is out of the question , as Syrian forces can easily triangulate the user 's location . What weapons do Syrian rebels have ? Where are they coming from ? The rebels are severely outmatched , and most of their weaponry was either taken from Syrian military arsenals or obtained from local black markets . In addition to individual infantry weapons like AK-47s , tripod-mounted PK machine guns , and RPG-7 grenade launchers -- the ubiquitous shoulder-mounted weapons seen on nightly news reports from conflicts around the world -- Binnie says rebels have also been seen with Strela-2 shoulder-launched surface-to-air missiles . Rebels have also commandeered Syrian tanks , but since they do n't generally have the capacity to maintain and refuel them , according to Binnie , they 've instead been stripping off the heavier guns and mounting them on civilian vehicles . Binnie says the increasing number of improvised weapons and explosives being used in Syria shows the rebels , without a foreign power to supply them , may be struggling to maintain adequate levels of ammunition . "  Some of the weapons in Syria look very similar to what we 've seen in the last year in Iraq , where they 've finally ran out of all the ordinates that were lying around from the 2003 U.S. invasion and have had to improvise , " he told CNN . What other groups are operating in Syria ? Charles Lister , an analyst at IHS Jane 's Terrorism and Insurgency Centre , says militant groups "  of all persuasions " are now operating in Syria -- and that some groups increasingly appear to be carrying out joint co-ordinated attacks . While Lister says the majority of the militias now in Syria are not Islamic extremists , analysts believe a hard-line jihadist group known as Jabhat al Nusra , which has claimed responsibility for a string of recent suicide attacks across Syria , has close links with al Qaeda 's affiliate in Iraq . "  Their focus now is on recruiting suicide bombers . They want to copycat the Zarqawi model , " Noman Benotman , a former Libyan Jihadist now with the Quilliam Foundation in London , told CNN . More : Pro al Qaeda group steps up bombings The "  Zarqawi model " refers to the devastating campaign launched by al Qaeda in Mesopotamia leader Abu Musab al Zarqawi after U.S. troops occupied Iraq . At the same time , Kurdish militias now control at least 10 towns and cities in north-eastern Syria , some near the Turkish border -- an issue Lister says is "  of significant concern to Ankara " , which has been battling Kurdish separatists along its borders for decades . Report : Turkey 's Kurdish conflict turns deadlier Is Assad losing control of the Syrian army ? Not yet , it seems . Despite some high profile defections , Binnie says "  we have n't seen significant Syrian army units going across to join the rebellion . " Binnie says : "  The speculation is that the Syrian army is focused on keeping itself together more than deploying some of the potentially less reliable units into rebel held areas . " Like most of the nation itself , the majority of Syria 's conscripted army is Sunni Muslim . Rather than send some less-than-keen battalions in to kill their own countrymen , Binnie says the approach may be to have the army bombard cities from afar , before sending in loyal militias to do the up-close fighting street to street . "  You give the militias the weapons and the mobility , and you just make sure that the army units which are largely Sunni conscripts just stay together , " he told CNN . The plan seems to be working ; Binnie says many people have been surprised at how well the army has managed to maintain its cohesion during the rebellion . Is Syria going to end up like Libya ? The world cheered the fall of Libyan dictator Moammar Gadhafi -- but what has been left in his place are a number of well-armed militias operating beyond the control of a relatively weak central government operating in the capital Tripoli . Analysts do n't believe the Assad regime is in danger of collapse any time soon -- Syria 's army is bigger and better organized than Gadhafi 's was in Libya , and foreign intervention into the civil war seems extremely unlikely at this point . But if the regime does fold at some point , Binnie says the weapons proliferation in Syria is going to be far worse than in Libya . "  Syria has a much bigger military , more missiles and chemical weapons , and the potential for major sectarian violence , " he said . "  So it 's a little like Libya , but potentially much , much worse . " Information from CNN Wires and CNN 's Nic Robertson was used in this report .	NATO country Turkey has most powerful military in the region Syria has long been the Middle East 's top importer of Russian military equipment Rebels are mostly surviving on black market guns and arms taken from Syria 's military Analyst says fall of heavily armed Syrian army would lead to worse situation than Libya
Jerusalem  CNN  -- If you 're a tourist arriving in Israel , you might be asked to give authorities a look at your personal e-mail , in addition to your travel documents . Israel 's attorney general said Wednesday that Shin Bet , the country 's internal security force , can search a foreign traveler 's e-mail , but only in exceptional cases in which "  relevant suspicious signs " are observed . Israel says the practice is another way to fight terrorism . The threat of using foreign citizens for terrorist purposes is a growing trend , the Israeli Attorney General 's Office said in a written response to an inquiry filed by an Israeli human rights group . Yigal Palmor , a spokesman for Israel 's Foreign Ministry , told CNN : "  Security may under the law demand this , but no one is forced to open their accounts to anyone they do n't want to . " However , the attorney general 's decision said that if the traveler declined to give consent , it would be made clear that a refusal would be taken into consideration , along with other relevant factors , in deciding whether to allow entry into Israel . The Association for Civil Rights in Israel received the information from the Attorney General 's Office after it asked whether Israel 's security forces could demand travelers ' e-mail and social media passwords . The association said the question was a reaction to media reports last year that several Palestinian-American travelers were asked to open their e-mail accounts and show airport security before being denied entry . The group received an answer this week . "  To be clear , this is a process whose execution is conditioned on the receipt of the passenger 's agreement , and that the latter is not required to give the investigating representative his password , as your letter suggests , but rather that the passenger himself executes entry to the e-mail account ... " The Attorney General 's Office wrote . Lila Margalit , an attorney for the Association for Civil Rights , said the practice is a violation of privacy rights : "  A tourist who has just spent thousands of dollars to travel to Israel , only to be interrogated at the airport by Shin Bet agents and told to grant access to their e-mail account , is in no position to give free and informed consent , " she said Wednesday . "  Such ` consent , ' given under threat of deportation , can not serve as a basis for such a drastic invasion of privacy . In today 's world , access to a person 's e-mail account is akin to access to their innermost thoughts and personal lives . Allowing security agents to take such invasive measures at their own discretion and on the basis of such flimsy ` consent ' is not befitting of a democracy . " Security checks at Tel Aviv 's Ben Gurion Airport are known around the world as some of the most exhaustive and thorough , and this is one more layer that travelers should be aware of . Jerusalem Travel Agency owner Margo Tarazi said she had heard of the practice but her clients had not experienced it : "  None of our clients have faced this problem yet . They come with official groups with their vouchers , and no one asks them about these things . However , if we do receive any groups with some people who are originally from Iran or from Syria , they are detained for several hours and asked to sign a paper not to cause any harm to the state of Israel during their visit . " Critics of the practice worry it will be used to target Arabs or Muslims who communicate with Palestinian activists or organizations .	Israeli attorney general says travelers ' e-mail can be searched in exceptional cases "  No one is forced to open their accounts to anyone they do n't want to , " official says Israeli Attorney General 's Office says it 's fighting threat of using foreign citizens for terrorism The practice violates privacy rights , attorney for civil rights group says
Egyptian forces have killed nearly three dozen people so far in its fight against jihadis in the volatile Sinai peninsula , the army said Saturday . The deaths occurred during an ongoing Egyptian operation against militants near the Palestinian territory of Gaza , a military spokesman said , according to state media . Sinai has fallen into a state of lawlessness since the uprising that toppled Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak last year . Both Israel and the United States have voiced their concern about the rise of terrorist cells in the Sinai . Soldiers killed 32 suspected terrorists and destroyed 31 tunnels connecting Gaza and Egypt since a military offensive in the region began last month , said spokesman Col. Ahmad Mohamed Ali . Scores of tunnels have been used for smuggling everyday goods to Palestinian civilians because of an Israeli trade strictures . Weaponry has also been smuggled . Gaza tunnel economy hit by clampdown Ali said soldiers have seized unmanned drones to be used for attacks . They also confiscated rifles , anti-aircraft machine guns , mortar launchers , artillery ammunition , anti-tank mines , and vehicles . Troops have arrested several dozen people . Israeli and Egyptian authorities have coordinated to allow the helicopter gunships and heavy machinery into the demilitarized zone in accord with the Camp David agreement signed in 1979 . Ali said the military operations do n't breach the treaty . Once called Operation Eagle , now Operation Sinai , the offensive started after more than a dozen Egyptian soldiers were killed and seven others were wounded in an August 5 attack near the Rafah border crossing with Gaza . The assailants stole two armored vehicles from Egyptian forces and tried to enter Israel . Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy has visited the Gaza border and vowed to bring justice to those affected . He dismissed several security officials and the governor of North Sinai province in the wake of the attack .	More than 30 people have been killed , Egyptian forces said Tunnels linking Egypt and Gaza have been destroyed Sinai has been in a state of lawlessness Assailants killed more than a dozen Egyptian soldiers last month
CNN  Just a month into the year , and already the role of extremism in the Islamic faith has been at the center of heated debate . But while the attack on the office of satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo in Paris garnered most of the international headlines , another argument has been simmering much closer to home -- one that all of us should be engaged in . Unfortunately , it 's also one that many might be tempted to sweep under the rug . Earlier this month , Duke University , in North Carolina , said it would allow the Muslim call to prayer to play via the chapel bell tower 's speaker system for the weekly Friday prayer service . Unfortunately , what should have been seen as an inclusive gesture not only sparked controversy , but was met with outright hostility by critics , including some who tried to suggest the move was an attack on liberty and the call to prayer was somehow tied to terrorism . Leading the charge toward this deliberate ignorance was the Rev. Franklin Graham , son of renowned evangelist Billy Graham . The younger Graham used the announcement as another opportunity to attack Islam . Reacting to Duke 's decision on Facebook , he wrote : "  As Christianity is being excluded from the public square and followers of Islam are raping , butchering , and beheading Christians , Jews , and anyone who does n't submit to their Sharia Islamic law , Duke is promoting this in the name of religious pluralism . " Of course , it is undeniable that some Muslims butcher others in the name of Islam . But there are also Christians who do the same in the name of Christ . And one need not even look as far back as the atrocities committed during the Crusades or the colonization of Africa , which claimed the lives of hundreds of thousands . The Lord 's Resistance Army in Uganda , for example , specifically cites its Christian faith as inspiration for the group 's terrorism . Or what about Anders Breivik , who in 2011 killed 77 people in Norway , after writing a 1,500-page manifesto citing Christian inspiration for his slaughter ? And it 's not even simply a question of whether Islam or Christianity has inspired more brutality . Many might be surprised to learn that Buddhism , seen by many in the West as a particularly peaceful faith , has seen adherents terrorize Muslims . In Myanmar , the last couple of years have seen hundreds of Muslims killed , and many thousands more displaced , in attacks by extremist Buddhists and monks . By Franklin Graham 's logic on Islam , then , all adherents should be judged according to the very worst acts committed in the name of their faith . But it is interesting that it is Islam that seems to be singled out for the most venomous treatment . Sadly , Graham is only one among a host of religious and social representatives who have for years been expending their energy on misleading those who look up to them for guidance . True , following the September 11 attacks , CNN quoted Graham as arguing that "  it was a small group of people who are bent on the destruction of this country , those Islamic fundamentalists that need to be stopped . So I plead with people not to paint in a broad brush , so to speak , the people of the Middle East . They 're wonderful people . " But the report goes on to note that he appeared to backtrack from this moderate view , adding that he was quoted just a month later as arguing : "  The god of Islam is not the same God of the Christian or the Judeo-Christian faith . It is a different god , and I believe Islam is a very evil and a very wicked religion . " He was also later quoted by CNN as suggesting "  true Islam " means being able to "  beat your wife " and "  murder your children if they 've committed adultery or something like that , which they do practice in these other countries . " All this suggests that Reverend Graham is either an ignorant man who knows next to nothing about a faith that he holds forth on as if an expert , or  even worse  he intentionally tries to mislead Christians into despising Islam and Muslims . Regardless of whether it is either of these factors , having spent half my life in the deep and concerted study of Islam , I know for certain that Reverend Graham 's claims are without merit . Still , if Reverend Graham truly believes he has truth on his side , then he should be willing to engage in a public debate on the question of extremism in Islam . And as someone who has faith in those who follow the Prophet Jesus , whom I love and adore , I would be happy to engage in such a dialogue and exchange of ideas . Whether or not Reverend Graham agrees to this opportunity to dialogue , of course , remains to be seen .	Controversy has swirled around Duke University 's call to prayer plan Harris Zafar : Islam at the center of heated debate this year
CNN  -- The technological revolution is destroying jobs in Europe , according to the founder of the World Economic Forum  WEF  , whose annual meeting is under way in Davos . In an interview with CNN 's Richard Quest , WEF chief executive Klaus Schwab said not enough is being done about structural unemployment in Europe and that advances in technology are hurting jobs . "  We have such a technological revolution going on at this moment . This will destroy employment . We have to make sure that the destroyed employment is replaced by better jobs and that 's not happening at the moment , " Schwab said . WEF -- held on the remote snowy peaks of Davos , Switzerland -- is where world leaders and business giants meet each year to discuss issues affecting the global economy . Schwab warned that today 's policymakers and business community are facing the threat of a "  generational crisis of tremendous dimension . " "  We have to make sure that the global leaders who are coming here , politicians and business leaders , take on again a longer term view because otherwise we have one crisis after the other one , " he said . Both the U.S. and Europe have been struggling to cope with recessions , low growth and high unemployment since the collapse of Lehman Brothers in 2008 , a crisis that has reverberated through the global economy for over five years . While the U.S. -- the world 's largest economy -- has shown signs of an economic recovery with unemployment falling below 7 % for December 2013 , many nations in Europe are still suffering from the fallout of a five-year debt crisis . Unemployment across the European Union 's 28 member states has remained stubbornly high at 10.9 % since May , with jobless rates in countries such as Spain and Greece hovering around the 25 % mark , and youth unemployment over 50 % , according to Eurostat , the European Union 's statistical office . Read more : Lagarde warns against ` complacent ' Europe Schwab said the key to restoring Europe 's economy is to close the competitiveness , the measure of a nation 's productivity , between member states . "  You could have seen 20 years ago already that something is wrong with Europe because you had the northern countries , particularly Germany , performing very well , the southern countries lagging behind , " he said . Since the eurozone debt crisis broke out in Greece in late 2009 , four countries have requested bailouts from Europe 's rescue funds , including Greece , Spain , Portugal , Ireland and Cyprus . But Schwab said nations in southern Europe are beginning to show signs of recovery . " -LSB- Competitiveness -RSB- should change and we see the first signs in Spain . We see very timid signs in Italy and in Greece . We will have to see what 's happening in France . " Read more : Europe feeling the economic winds of change The French economy has struggled for growth for two years due to high labor costs and government policies that critics say are punishing big business and the country 's wealthy such as a 75 % income tax rate for top earners . Read more : Opinion -- time Hollande got his affairs in order However , at a news conference earlier this month French President Francois Hollande said he would tackle the country 's high payroll taxes to improve competitiveness . Schwab said : "  France is a large economy and in the last reports it has come down , I hope , now the necessary steps are taken to improve France 's competitiveness . " Read more : Europe would have suffered without single currency Watch more : Latvia 's transition to the euro	WEF Founder Klaus Schwab said "  technological revolution " could destroy employment Unemployment across the EU has remained stubbornly high at 10.9 % since May Schwab said policymakers are facing a "  generational crisis of tremendous dimension "
Washington  CNN  -- Obama administration handling of the terror attack on the U.S. diplomatic compound in Benghazi , Libya , that killed four Americans , including Ambassador Christopher Stevens , sparked outrage from certain Republicans , but none of that was evdident at the confirmation hearing of his successor . Only three members of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee attended the hearing on Tuesday for Ambassador Deborah Jones , President Barack Obama 's nominee to take over in Tripoli . She mentioned the armed assault last September 11 in her opening statement and in answering questions . Jones , a career diplomat , said stopping the flow of weapons through Libya 's porous border will "  enable the defeat of volatile and deadly rogue militias , and prevent a repeat of the tragedy in Benghazi . " She said that she "  will work closely with the Libyan government to see that justice realized " in the Benghazi attacks . In an interview with CNN 's Dana Bash afterward , Jones said she was pleased with the substance of the meeting and that her focus was on looking forward in Libya , not looking back . "  I was pleased that there was focus on the substance of Libya we got a lot of work to do there , " Jones said . "  There are a lot of serious issues there that require having an ambassador on the ground . And I think that this town ... the politics is something completely different . I 'm really focused not on the forensics but on the future . " Tuesday 's muted atmosphere was a prelude to Wednesday 's House Oversight Committee hearing on the Benghazi attack . Panel Chairman Darrell Issa has released testimony from three whistle blowers who plan to discuss what they feel were security failures at the compound during the attack . The testimony of Greg Hicks , a former top U.S. diplomat in Libya , has been the focus of Issa 's hearing . Hicks is expected to discuss how the American military could have done more to protect those in Benghazi . Democrats on the House committee charge the hearing is a charade . The committee 's senior Democrat , Maryland Rep. Elijah Cummings , said members of Congress have an obligation to actually investigate claims before coming to conclusions and making public accusations . "  Unfortunately , House Republicans have taken the opposite approach , " he said . Despite being nine months removed from the terrorist attack , the tragedy has maintained a steady drumbeat on Capitol Hill , particularly with Republicans , who claim to not yet know the full story of what transpired . But only three of the 18 members of the Foreign Relations Committee attended Tuesday 's hearing for Jones -- Sens Bob Corker and fellow Republican John McCain and Democrat Bob Menendez . Senators paid tribute to those lost in Benghazi . "  We can never forget Ambassador Chris Stevens and the three other American public servants , Tyrone Woods , Sean Smith , and Glen Doherty , who tragically lost their lives on the attack on the U.S. mission in Benghazi last September , " Menendez said . Jones said she would take responsibility for personnel security if confirmed as ambassador . "  On security -- and again this is something that is , well , as we know it is deadly serious for us , " she said . "  It is the role of the ambassador -- the ambassador is the principal security officer at post . And it is the ambassador who has to decide whether to allow people to travel here or there , whether to ask for additional assets , whether to insist on additional assets . " She added that if you do n't get the answers you need then "  pick up the phone and you speak to the people " responsible for that information . "  That is what I intend to do . That is what I have always done , " she said . Jones is a respected career diplomat who has held consulate and embassy posts in Turkey , the United Arab Emirates , Ethiopia , Iraq , Syria and Argentina . Most recently , she served as U.S. ambassador to Kuwait from 2008 to 2011 . There has been a great deal of tension between Democrats and Republicans on Benghazi , partly stemming from televised comments after the attack by U.N. Ambassador Susan Rice , who said it was a spontaneous act that grew out of a demonstration over an anti-Islam film made in the United States . Later , the administration called the Benghazi matter a terror attack . Rice and other officials said that her comments explaining the incident publicly relied on official talking points . Still , the initial statements and the resulting controversy cost her a likely nomination to succeed Hillary Clinton as secretary of state . Certain GOP members also sharply questioned Clinton over the administration 's explanation of events and the state of security at the compound prior to the attack . Clinton said she took responsibility for the deaths , stating that as secretary of state , she was "  in charge of the State Department 's 60,000-plus people all over the world . " In January 2013 , Clinton testified for more than five hours before the House and Senate Foreign Relations committees . In her testimony , she acknowledged a "  systematic breakdown " on Benghazi and said her department was taking additional steps to increase U.S. security at diplomatic posts . Critics have questioned the validity of continued congressional scrutiny , especially Democrats who say Republicans are only interested in discrediting the administration and hurting Clinton 's chances of running for president in 2016 .	Few members of a Senate committee question Libya ambassador nominee Deborah Jones is a respected career diplomat who has served in Iraq and Syria Proceeding for Jones a prelude to a House hearing on the attack on Wednesday
Months after a secret e-mail search controversy at Harvard College , Evelynn M. Hammonds announced on Tuesday that she will step down as dean on July 1 , according to a statement posted online . Hammonds came under fire in March for conducting a search of the e-mail accounts of resident deans in an effort to find who leaked information regarding a cheating scandal involving more than 100 students . The Harvard Crimson , the daily newspaper of Harvard College , published an article in April titled , "  To Rebuild Trust , Hammonds Must Resign . " The article concluded by stating "  With Hammonds 's resignation , Harvard can begin to bridge the rift of trust between the administration and the community it serves . " Hammonds said in a statement that the e-mail controversy was "  not a motivating factor " in her decision to step down as dean . "  I was never asked to step down , " she said . "  I have been in discussions to return to academia and my research for some time . " Hammonds will take a sabbatical after 11 years of continuous service before returning to her teaching program and her scholarship , the statement says . "  Being dean of Harvard College has been an immensely rewarding experience for me , " said Hammons in the statement , "  But I miss engaging deeply with my scholarship and teaching . " "  I 'm grateful to -LSB- Hammonds -RSB- for all she has done to help our undergraduates thrive , " said President Drew Faust , "  and we will be fortunate to continue benefiting from her talents and wisdom . " Harvard students forced to withdraw amid cheating scandal In 2008 , Hammonds became the first African-American and the first woman to be named dean of Harvard College . After the scandal in March , the school apologized for the way it handled the secret search . "  While the specific document made public may be deemed by some as not particularly consequential , the disclosure of the document and nearly word-for-word disclosure of a confidential board conversation led to concerns that other information -- especially student information we have a duty to protect as private -- was at risk , " said a statement from Hammonds and Michael D. Smith , dean of the Faculty of Arts and Sciences . "  Consequently , with the approval of the dean of FAS  Faculty of Arts and Sciences  and the University General Counsel , and the support of the dean of Harvard College , a very narrow , careful , and precise subject-line search was conducted by the University 's IT department , " they added . Smith and Hammonds stressed that the search was limited to administrative accounts and that it did not involve a review of e-mail content . "  To be clear : No one 's e-mails were opened and the contents of no one 's e-mails were searched by human or machine , " they said . The search successfully identified a resident dean who had forwarded a confidential e-mail . However , after review , school officials determined the dean in question had committed "  an inadvertent error and not an intentional breach " by sending the message to two students . "  Operating without any clear precedent for the conflicting privacy concerns and knowing that no human had looked at any e-mails during or after the investigation , we made a decision that protected the privacy of the resident dean who had made an inadvertent error and allowed the student cases being handled by this resident dean to move forward expeditiously , " Smith and Hammonds said . "  We understand that others may see the situation differently , and we apologize if any resident deans feel our communication at the conclusion of the investigation was insufficient , " they added . News of the secret search drew immediate criticism from some members of Harvard 's faculty . Harry Lewis , a professor and former dean of Harvard College , said on his blog that he will likely move most of his personal e-mails to another account , keeping his Harvard address just for business . He described the way the school handled the case as dishonorable . "  Why not tell people you are reading their e-mail ? Would it not be the honorable thing to do ? What is to be gained by not doing that ? Other than avoiding , perhaps , the embarrassment of acknowledging that you are doing something to which the targets would reasonably object if they knew it , " he wrote . A month prior , the school had announced that more than half the students implicated in the cheating scandal had been required to withdraw for a time . More than 100 students were investigated for plagiarism or for having "  inappropriately collaborated " on a course 's take-home , open-book spring final exam . The class was Government 1310 : Introduction to Congress , according to The Harvard Crimson . Many of those who were not forced to withdraw faced disciplinary probation at the Ivy League institution in Cambridge , Massachusetts , and the remaining were cleared . Opinion : An easy out for athletes in Harvard scandal ?	Evelynn M. Hammonds will step down as Harvard College dean on July 1 She was the first African-American dean and first woman dean there Hammonds was criticized after she conducted a secret search of faculty e-mails She was trying to find out who leaked information in a student cheating scandal
CNN  -- Officials call the attack "  massive and unprecedented . " At least 65 suspected terrorists killed . Assaults from both the ground and the sky . And elite , clandestine U.S. forces joining Yemeni commandos in targeting al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula -- considered the global terror group 's most dangerous affiliate . But what would make the raid in southern Yemen most significant is if it yielded a target who Americans and Yemenis have been looking for : Ibrahim al-Asiri , the group 's chief bomb maker . While U.S. officials said the operation did n't directly target him , al-Asiri is among those suspected to have been killed in the Sunday firefight , a high-level Yemeni government official told CNN . According to two Saudi government officials , authorities have taken at least one body to Saudi Arabia for DNA testing . It is that of a Saudi-born militant from al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , officials said , declining to say whether they believe it 's al-Asiri . DNA test results are not due for several days . Who is al-Asiri ? Al-Asiri is the alleged mastermind of al Qaeda 's most creative and disturbing explosive devices . Alleged plots tied to him -- the so-called underwear bomber aboard a U.S.-bound jetliner in 2009 and printer bombs dispatched to America the next year aboard cargo planes -- almost worked . He even sacrificed his younger brother , a suicide bomber , in a failed attempt to kill Saudi Arabia 's head of counterterrorism in 2009 . Al-Asiri constructed a bomb like none al Qaeda had produced before : a device designed to be inserted into the rectum of a suicide bomber containing around 100 grams of PETN , a difficult-to-detect white powdery explosive . Only his brother was killed . Official : Extensive U.S. involvement in anti-terror operation in Yemen What led up to this raid ? A video and a threat . A recently released video showed about 100 suspected al Qaeda members meeting at a training camp in Yemen . In the middle of the video , the man known as al Qaeda 's crown prince , Nasir al-Wuhayshi , appears brazenly out in the open , greeting followers . Al-Wuhayshi is the No. 2 leader of al Qaeda globally and the head of AQAP . In a speech to the group , he makes it clear that he 's going after the United States , saying : "  We must eliminate the cross . ... The bearer of the cross is America ! " Retired U.S. Gen. Richard Myers said the video raised serious concerns . "  If that 's true , then you have to go after them , " Myers told CNN 's "  The Situation Room . " "  I do n't think that 's sufficient in the end to defeat al Qaeda , but I think it 's important that we go after them in this case . " What role did the U.S. play ? A U.S. official who spoke on the condition of anonymity said no Americans took part in combat on the ground , but U.S. forces did wear night vision gear and flew Yemeni forces to a remote , mountainous spot in southern Yemen . The Yemeni helicopters that the U.S. personnel flew were Russian-made , which helped to minimize the American footprint during the operation . And CIA drones are suspected to have targeted al Qaeda fighters , weapons locations and a training camp . Pentagon spokesman Adm. John Kirby declined to detail the U.S. involvement in the operation , though he did highlight the partnership with Yemen . "  We continue to work with the Yemeni government and the Yemeni armed forces to help them improve their counterterrorism capabilities inside the country , " Kirby said . "  That work continues , and it will continue . " Yemen strikes may target top al Qaeda leaders Opinion : Obama 's high-stakes drone war in Yemen CNN 's Paul Cruickshank , Nic Robertson , Tim Lister and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	At least 65 suspected al Qaeda members were killed in a Yemeni-U.S. joint operation Officials : DNA tests are being done to see if Ibrahim al-Asiri is among the dead He 's the suspected mastermind behind the 2009 underwear bomb plot
CNN  -- It was a classic match on tennis ' grandest stage -- Sabine Lisicki upended Agnieszka Radwanska 9-7 in the third set at Wimbledon last year to reach her first grand slam final . But instead of being asked about turning points , forehands or backhands , the first three questions posed to Radwanska in the post-match press conference seemed to focus on the handshake . The reason ? Radwanska , a Pole , merely stuck out a hand and did n't look at Lisicki , the German with Polish roots . She was more preoccupied with getting to her chair and off Centre Court . It reeked of bad sportsmanship , hardly a fitting farewell given the battle that had unfolded for nearly two-and-half hours . "  What could I do , just be there and dance ? " Radwanska said . "  I did n't feel like it at that point . " The handshake took up much of the post-match buzz , with tennis legend Martina Navratilova and retired grand slam champion Lindsay Davenport heavily criticizing the usually adored Radwanska . "  I could n't believe it , " Navratilova said in her role as a pundit for the BBC . "  I have never not looked my opponent in the eye after a match . " Brad Gilbert , the former top-five player and ex coach of Andre Agassi , Andy Murray and Andy Roddick , added in an interview with CNN : "  That was definitely two people , two taxis . " Tennis fans , journalists and even players will tell you they keep an eye on the handshake , especially when something contentious happens during the match . The handshake is mostly picked up by cameras -- and when it 's not viewers are n't happy . In team sports such as football and American football , post-game handshakes and high fives do n't command as much attention . "  We viewers invest two , three or more hours following the highs and lows of the two individuals involved , " Tom Tebbutt , a longtime Canadian tennis journalist and broadcaster , wrote in his blog for Tennis Canada last year . "  The handshake , and the walk up to the handshake , is an integral part of a tennis match . It 's the joy of victory and the agony of defeat , it 's all the emotions of the competitors summed up in a final ritual gesture . And we want to see it all -- uninterrupted . " The handshake is n't mandatory but it 's extremely rare for players not to partake in the ritual . One such occasion happened two years ago at the Australian Open , when 2010 Wimbledon finalist Tomas Berdych snubbed Spaniard Nicolas Almagro . Berdych felt Almagro purposely struck him with a forehand , a claim the latter denied . Berdych was loudly booed when he left the court . Marion Bartoli , the 2013 Wimbledon champion , refused to shake hands with French compatriot Virginie Razzano at Eastbourne in 2009 after Razzano accused her of gamesmanship . Murray told CNN the lack of a handshake in the Berdych-Almagro tie made for entertainment . Some would say what happened between Serbia 's Janko Tipsarevic and Berdych 's fellow Czech , Radek Stepanek , in the Davis Cup in 2012 could be classified as entertainment , too . Tipsarevic claimed Stepanek gave him the middle finger during the handshake . Most of the time Murray 's handshake does n't waiver . "  When you 're on court , it 's a confrontation , a battle in a way , " said Murray . "  During certain matches players will earn your respect regardless of whether it 's Roger  Federer  , who is a great player , or someone that 's ranked lower ; if they play a great match against you or it 's a young player that you think is really good . " Last year at the Australian Open , Federer appeared to swear at Murray during a five-set defeat but the Scot did n't think of not shaking hands .  Imagine the boos that would have rained down then . "  There are certain things that happen in matches that when the match is done it does n't necessarily influence how you feel about that person , " said Murray . "  Things in the heat of the moment , you understand that things can be said . "  Sometimes it 's literally two minutes for you to cool down after something like that happens . Sometimes it can take weeks or months before that relationship is resolved . "  I 've not really had a problem with anyone once I 'd finished the match . " Wayne Ferreira , twice a grand slam semifinalist and the man who held the record for most consecutive majors played in the Open Era prior to Federer , liked to send a message with his handshake . "  Win or lose , I gave the guy the hardest handshake I could , " the retired South African told CNN . "  If I lost I gave him a hard handshake to tell him I 'd be back the next time and if I won , to show him I was strong and played well . "  So for me I think it 's important to show some strength in your handshake . If you go up and you 've lost and you put a bad effort in the handshake it shows bad character . " The International Tennis Hall of Fame could n't shed light on the origin of tennis handshakes . But it 's known for certain that over the years , the type of handshake has changed , going from the traditional shake to the arm-wrestle or cup . "  There were a few handshakes early on but now it has just gone to the cups , " Mahesh Bhupathi , a former doubles No. 1 whose 19-year career comes to an end at Wimbledon , told CNN . "  I think the cup is a little more personal . "  Before you would cup with your friends and do the handshake with the guys you 're not that friendly with . Now it 's just the cup all around . " Where did the ` cup ' come from ? Pam Shriver , a top-three player in both singles and doubles as part of a career that spanned the 1970s , 80s and 90s , recalled that Argentina 's Gabriela Sabatini was among the first female players to employ the "  arm-wrestle " shake . Now , players even hug at the net , with Novak Djokovic seemingly a particular fan of the hug . He once swapped shirts with an opponent football style -- Ivan Ljubicic -- post match at the net . "  The game is getting so much more physical , " said tennis historian and journalist Joel Drucker . "  It could be headed for more hugs . " Shriver and Navratilova give the edge to the men when it comes to the better handshakes . "  We had plenty of cold handshakes in our day , men and women , " said Shriver . "  In fact I think women led by Chrissie  Evert  and Martina may have done it better than the Johnny  McEnroe  , Jimmy  Connors  and Ivan  Lendl  era . Today the men are leading the way in genuine sportsmanship . All the top men set a great example . " But the cold handshakes -- and the chatter they create -- probably wo n't ever disappear .	Handshakes in tennis captivate onlookers , especially when it 's a contentious one Agnieszka Radwanska famously snubbed Sabine Lisicki at Wimbledon 2013 Although most players shake hands , some wo n't do it and get booed The type of post-match handshake has changed over the years
CNN  -- Joan Rivers is getting the "  Hollywood " funeral she wanted , "  a huge showbiz affair with lights , camera and action . " Kathy Griffin , Sarah Jessica Parker , Whoopi Goldberg , Donald Trump , Diane Sawyer , Barbara Walters and Joy Behar were among the A-list to D-list celebrity friends seen arriving for the private service inside Manhattan 's Temple Emanu-El Sunday . The highlight was Howard Stern 's vagina joke , Fox News correspondent Geraldo Rivera told CNN afterward . "  It was exactly the show Joan wanted -- hilarious , irreverent , " Rivera said . Rivers , 81 , died Thursday in New York 's Mount Sinai Hospital , a week after she suffered cardiac and respiratory arrest during a medical procedure at a clinic . Joan Rivers : A pointed , pioneering comedian She talked about her mortality and what she wanted at her "  showbiz " funeral in her 2013 book , "  I Hate Everyone ... Starting With Me . " She called for paparazzi and publicists "  making a scene " outside the funeral , which she said should "  be Hollywood all the way . " In fact , Fifth Avenue was lined with more television crews , live reporters and fans than would gather for most Hollywood premieres . Inside the temple , Rivers wanted entertainment . "  I do n't want some rabbi rambling on ; I want Meryl Streep crying , in five different accents . I do n't want a eulogy ; I want Bobby Vinton to pick up my head and sing ` Mr. Lonely . ' " Instead of Vinton singing his 1964 hit , she had the New York Gay Men 's Chorus and a song list including show tunes such as "  That 's Entertainment , " "  Nothing Like a Dame " and "  What a Wonderful World . " They closed with "  Big Spender . " Joan Rivers : In her own words Speakers included New York Post gossip columnist Cindy Adams , a longtime friend of Rivers , and "  Inside Edition " host Deborah Norville . "  It was Joan all the way , " with orchids filling the 2,000-seat sanctuary , Norville said after the funeral . "  You ca n't see the altar because there were so many flowers . " A rabbi offered an opening prayer after the show tunes , followed by a songs from Broadway star Audra McDonald . People magazine reported that McDonald sang "  Smile , " a favorite of Rivers . The song 's lyrics captured the feel of the service : "  Smile , though your heart is aching . Smile , even though it 's breaking . " Actor Hugh Jackman sang "  Quiet Please , There 's a Lady on Stage , " People reported . Rivers ' daughter , Melissa , read a letter she wrote in which she pretended to be her mother 's landlord . She said her mother was late on the rent and had torn down a wall without permission because she wanted more space . The service ended with the New York Police Department 's bagpipe band leading the procession out of the temple to the tunes of "  New York , New York , " and "  Give My Regards to Broadway . " Rivers wrote in her book that she wanted to "  look gorgeous , better dead than I do alive , " dressed in a Valentino gown and with a Harry Winston-designed toe tag . "  And I want a wind machine so that even in the casket my hair is blowing just like Beyonce 's , " she wrote . The raspy-voiced comedian was a household name . Brash and sassy , she poked fun at herself and the world in sometimes vicious , but witty , zingers . She was as quick-witted as she was sharp-tongued , saying things everyone may have been thinking , but few were brave enough to voice . "  My mother 's greatest joy in life was to make people laugh , " her daughter said last week . "  Although that is difficult to do right now , I know her final wish would be that we return to laughing soon . " Rivers had been on life support at Manhattan 's Mount Sinai Hospital , where she was transported after she stopped breathing at the Yorkville Endoscopy clinic on August 28 . Rivers was undergoing an apparently minor elective procedure at the clinic when she suffered cardiac and respiratory arrest , according to the New York Fire Department . Paramedics took her by ambulance to Mount Sinai Hospital , about a mile from the clinic , where she was initially listed in critical condition . The state health department is investigating whether there was any malpractice by the doctors or staff at Yorkville Endoscopy , according to New York law enforcement officials . No criminal investigations are currently under way in Rivers ' death , the officials said . The clinic has not responded to repeated calls from CNN about the state 's investigation . Share your memories CNN 's David Shortell contributed to this report .	NEW : "  It was exactly the show Joan wanted -- hilarious , irreverent , " Geraldo Rivera says NEW : Broadway star Audra McDonald sings one of Rivers ' favorite songs , "  Smile " Rivers , 81 , was hospitalized after suffering cardiac and respiratory arrest at a clinic She was on life support , and died Thursday
CNN  -- Syria smoldered on Saturday as soldiers executed dozens of defectors in Idlib province and shelling persisted in the besieged city of Homs , activists told CNN . More than 40 soldiers trying to defect from an army unit in Idlib province were executed by government troops , according to activists from the town of Binnish , the opposition Syrian Network for Human Rights , and the Local Coordination Committees of Syria . The incident occurred at the Abu Athuhoor Military Airport when 50 soldiers attempted to defect , the network said . A captain loyal to the regime got wind of the plan and thwarted it , telling soldiers he would join them , but then informing a brigadier general about the attempt , the network said . The group said 44 were executed ; their bodies were dumped in a lake . Six escaped , the network said . "  The Syrian Network for Human Rights places the responsibility of such criminal action on the commander in chief of army and armed forces  Syrian President  Bashar Al-Assad , the captain and the brigadier general . "  The SNHR demands an immediate international investigation for this massacre , " it said . The LCC and the Binnish group said 47 soldiers were killed . There was no immediate comment from the government . Military defectors pose a threat to the Syrian regime . Many have left the army because they have refused to heed orders to fire on civilians . Last summer , the Free Syrian Army , a resistance force composed of defectors , emerged . The group has said soldiers are regularly switching sides for the FSA . As for Homs , the shelling and miserable conditions continued , opposition activists said . And in the Damascus suburbs , more than 100 people were arrested , the LCC said . The bodies of two journalists killed last week in Syrian shelling on the Baba Amr neighborhood in Homs were delivered to Western diplomats in Syria , Red Cross officials said . Reporter Marie Colvin 's body was handed over to Polish diplomats representing U.S. interests in Syria . Photographer Remi Ochlik 's body was transferred to the French . The state-run Syrian Arab News Agency said the Syrian Arab Red Crescent delivered the bodies to the diplomats at al-Assad University Hospital in Damascus . Doctors there identified the bodies . Poland said it is engaged in efforts to transport Colvin 's remains to the United States . France says it does n't know when Ochlik 's body can be taken to France . Their deaths and the ongoing Syrian military crackdown underscore the hardships and dangers civilians face across the country . "  Where is the free world ? " asked opposition activist Sami Ibrahim , describing a dire humanitarian crisis in the city of Homs and crying for international help . "  The situation is very bad . " Dima Moussa , spokeswoman for the opposition Revolutionary Council of Homs , called the government 's relentless push to pacify Homs a "  suffocating siege . " She said there was shelling in the neighborhoods of Bab Tadmur and Jib al-Jandali , and mortars were targeting Ashira . Food is hard to get and electricity has been cut off , she said . There was no water in most areas and civilians were using melted snow and rain water for drinking . Snipers were blanketing the city and corridors in and out "  are nearly closed off completely , " she said . "  The medical situation continues to deteriorate and is catastrophic , and all kinds of medicine have run out from field hospitals , " Moussa said . The Syrian government has been seeking to shut down anti-government protests for nearly a year . It has directed its firepower lately on Homs , where many neighborhoods are bastions of the opposition . Much recent attention has focused on Baba Amr , a neighborhood of five square miles  eight square kilometers  that endured nearly a month of shelling before rebel forces announced a "  tactical retreat " on Thursday . The International Committee of the Red Cross has been trying to enter the devastated neighborhood for days . On Thursday , Syrian authorities granted teams from the Red Cross and Syrian Arab Red Crescent Society permission to enter ; but on Friday , the ambulances and aid workers carrying food and medical supplies were turned away . SANA reported Saturday that authorities had "  restored security and safety " to Baba Amr after ousting "  armed terrorist groups who ran amok in it and committed murder and vandalism , turning the locals ' life into a living hell . " State TV quoted a resident saying "  terrorists " used rocket-propelled grenades and mortars and many of them were foreigners . "  There were Saudis , Qataris , Emiratis , Libyans and others . There were all kinds of nationalities , they did n't have mustaches , just long beards . They were masked . They blocked the streets , stopped us at checkpoints . It was true terror by all means . They had snipers all over . They destroyed the houses . The terrorists forced us to go out and joined their demos or they told us we will be shot if we do n't , " he said . But activists and independent observers reported callous government actions . British journalist Paul Conroy , who was wounded in his stomach and leg and then smuggled to Lebanon in a six-day journey from Baba Amr , called the government siege "  a medieval siege and slaughter . " "  I would say quite categorically that 's the most ferocious , vicious , and unnecessary that I 've seen , " he said . "  And there are actually no military targets within Baba Amr . All of the intense shelling is directed at the civilian population . " The United Nations estimates more than 7,500 people have died since then , while the LCC says more than 9,000 people have died during the conflict . The Syrian government says more than 2,000 security personnel have been killed in the violence . Including the defector deaths , the LCC said at least 80 people had been killed Saturday nationwide . In Daraa , the southern city where the anti-government uprising began last year , at least three civilians were killed and 20 civilians and security personnel were wounded , SANA said . SANA said a "  terrorist suicide bomber " blew up a car he was driving at al-Masri roundabout in Daraa 's al-Balad area . The opposition Free Syrian Army said state security forces staged the bombing themselves . Car and suicide bombings , common militant tactics in Iraq and Afghanistan , have been rare in the Syrian uprising . There have been a handful of suicide bombings in Damascus and Aleppo , the country 's two largest cities . The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , another opposition group , said at least six Syrian soldiers were killed in clashes with defectors after forces loyal to President al-Assad stormed the city of Hirak northeast of Daraa . CNN can not independently confirm reports across Syria because the government has severely restricted the access of international journalists . Protests began last March , when townspeople in and around Daraa protested the arrest of school children for painting anti-government graffiti . The government 's fierce crackdown on the protesters and the tenacity of the demonstrators emboldened protests in other cities . CNN 's Saad Abedine , Salma Abdelaziz , Holly Yan , Nic Robertson , Kareem Khadder and Joe Sterling	Military defectors are executed in Idlib province , activists say Shelling continues in several Homs neighborhoods , activists say A suicide car bombing is reported in Daraa , where the uprising started The bodies of journalists Marie Colvin and Remi Ochlik are handed over to Western diplomats
CNN  -- As Barack Obama makes his case to the nation for taking the fight to ISIS , his top diplomat is also trying to make sure America does n't have to go it alone . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry is sweeping through the Middle East to try to convince regional leaders to back America 's plan to beat back the terror group , which has seized a large chunk of territory stretching from northern Syria to central Iraq with alarming pace in recent months . So who 's with them ? .	Barack Obama making case to nation for increasing military action against ISIS John Kerry in Middle East trying to get more of the region 's leaders on board Germany , UK , France to offer assistance ; Russia wary of potential U.S. strikes in Syria
British police want to question Robert Murat , a British man living in Portugal , in connection with the disappearance of Madeleine McCann at a Portuguese resort in 2007 , a source close to the investigation told CNN . Police also want to question Murat 's wife and several others , according to the source , who spoke on the condition of anonymity . Madeleine was a few weeks shy of her fourth birthday when she disappeared from her family 's holiday apartment on May 3 , 2007 . Her parents had left Madeleine and her younger twin siblings asleep while they went for dinner with friends at a tapas restaurant nearby . Her mother raised the alarm when she checked on the children about 10 p.m. and discovered her daughter missing . Portuguese police named Murat as an "  arguido , " or official suspect , some 10 days into the investigation . Murat denied the allegations and insisted he was innocent . The suspect status was subsequently withdrawn and no charges were ever brought . Murat received an apology and damages from several UK newspapers after reaching an out-of-court settlement with them over libel claims . British police had been expected to travel to Portugal next week , but that trip was delayed for reasons unknown , the source said . Murat 's lawyer told CNN his client has not been informed of any British police request ; Murat himself told ITV News he had been told of the development by Portuguese media .	The man , Robert Murat , has always denied any involvement Police also want to question the man 's wife and several others , a source says Madeleine disappeared from her family 's holiday apartment in Portugal in 2007
CNN  -- Roma returned to the top of Serie A with a 2-1 victory at 10-man Parma on Saturday to keep the Italian title race on a knife edge . Champions Inter Milan , who reached a first European Cup final since 1972 in midweek , now trail by one point ahead of Sunday 's trip to Roma 's capital rivals Lazio . Claudio Ranieri 's team , who face Inter in the Italian Cup final , bounced back from last weekend 's 2-1 defeat by Sampdoria to revive their title hopes with two matches to play . Captain Francesco Totti opened the scoring in the fifth minute after showing great control to chest down Daniele De Rossi 's pass and lob Parma goalkeeper Antonio Mirante . Totti also hit the post 10 minutes into the second half , and then the veteran striker 's cross allowed Rodrigo Taddei to head the second goal with 15 minutes left as Parma -- employing four strikers -- pressed to equalize . Totti was also involved as 10th-placed Parma had Luis Jimenez sent off for the third time since his loan arrival from Inter in February , with the Chilean receiving a second yellow card for a foul on the 33-year-old with two minutes left . "  I told my players to battle and then see if the ball would run for us . Last week it went against us but today it went for us , " Ranieri told reporters . "  I 'm not thinking about Lazio but obviously if they play their part , tomorrow 's game should be a tough one to win . " Third-placed AC Milan almost certainly clinched qualification for next season 's Champions League with a 1-0 win over Fiorentina despite being reduced to 10 men . Brazilian forward Ronaldinho netted the only goal from the penalty spot in the 78th minute after Mario Borriello was fouled , but teammate Massimo Ambrosini was sent off for a second bookable offense with two minutes to go . The victory was a boost for coach Leonardo , who was criticized by club president Silvio Berlusconi in midweek and faces an uncertain future . Milan moved nine points clear of fifth-placed Palermo , who travel to second-bottom Siena on Sunday , needing to win handsomely to redress a nine-goal inferior for-and-against ratio . Sampdoria , two points above Palermo , host bottom club Livorno .	Roma move one point clear of Inter Milan at the top of the Italian Serie A table Captain Francesco Totti inspires a 2-1 victory away to Parma , who have a man sent off Defending champions Inter travel to Roma 's capital city rivals Lazio on Sunday Ten-man AC Milan consolidate third place with 1-0 victory at home to Fiorentina
CNN  -- Hillary Clinton had a good week . She seemed to be energized on a surprise appearance on Barbara Walters ' final episode of "  The View . " "  Why do n't you take my place on the show ? " Walters joked . She gave a spirited speech at the annual conference of the New America Foundation , insisting on the need to diminish economic inequality and to revive the American dream that hard work should produce economic mobility . "  It 's at the heart of what I believe is the basic bargain of America : No matter who you are or where you come from if you work hard and play by the rules , you will have the opportunity to build a good life for yourself and your family . " Although the former secretary of state has not yet thrown her name into the 2016 presidential campaign , a series of seemingly negative stories that unfolded recently have the potential to actually strengthen her case for running to become president of the United States . On the surface , the good news was not obvious . Many observers logically saw the news in a different light . "  As she takes clear steps toward her political future , " wrote Maggie Haberman of Politico , "  the echoes of the old days are making the most noise right now . " The hearings on Benghazi have excited Republicans who are seeking to investigate what mistakes or wrongdoing she might have committed while serving as secretary . Her critics have also been asking why the State Department did n't designate Boko Haram , the group responsible for the kidnapping of nearly 300 Nigerian schoolgirls , as a terrorist organization . Sen. Marco Rubio , one of the top Republican prospects , put on his teacher 's cap and said Clinton deserved an "  F " for her leadership at the State Department . The hearings and the questions about foreign policy will serve as a reminder to Americans of the kind of tough political attacks Clinton should expect if she runs . The piece in Vanity Fair written by Monica Lewinsky has also brought up memories of the nastier side of the late 1990s , when the scandal involving her relationship to the President almost brought down the Clinton administration . The ongoing release of documents from President Clinton 's archive is also triggering more stories about Clinton in the 1990s . 6 major takeaways from Lewinsky 's Vanity Fair essay Just to make matters more difficult , Karl Rove 's statements suggesting that Clinton had suffered brain damage from a fall will trigger more discussions about whether she is physically up for the job . Rove stood by his statements this Sunday on the talk shows . And Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick , who some think could be a possible candidate in 2016 , said on CNN that he was worried so many people speak of Clinton as inevitable . "  I think it 's off-putting to the average . . . voter , " he said . Castellanos : Rove 's attack on Clinton was clumsy but shrewd But all of this news , while certainly problematic , can work to her advantage . One of Hillary Clinton 's greatest assets is her resilience and ability to take on the toughest of political fights . By bringing back memories of the 1990s , many of these stories will also bring back discussions of how much Hillary Clinton was able to endure . At a time when many Democrats are frustrated with how congressional Republicans have been able to stymie this administration , the personal and professional record of Hillary Clinton -- both as first lady and in her subsequent roles as senator and secretary of state -- could look extremely good and offer an attractive model as Democrats select a leader to guide their party through the partisan wars that are surely going to continue in the coming years . The stories about Monica Lewinsky and Clinton 's health will also help to humanize her in a way that few other events can do . After all , one of Hillary Clinton 's ongoing obstacles , including when she ran in 2008 , was her difficulty in conveying some of her personality and character to a public that often saw her almost as cold machine . The ways in which she endured the trials of her marriage and assaults on her personal character in the 1990s are sure to bring some sympathy from many Americans and , at a minimum , to give voters a better sense of who she is as a person . Given how long Americans have been forced to suffer through the fierce partisan attacks of recent years they might have greater sympathy for what she endured several decades ago . As Chelsea looks forward to giving birth to her first child , Hillary Clinton has talked more about the joys of parenthood and excitement of becoming a grandparent , also experiences that will make her more human to American voters . The turbulence over her record that takes place in the weeks ahead can help shake some of the sense of inevitability that surrounds her candidacy , which would not necessarily be a bad thing . After all the media , and to a large extent voters , tend to like someone who has to struggle to achieve victory . In 2008 , Barack Obama 's supporters seized on the fact that Clinton was said to be the inevitable nominee and used that against her . Obama 's supporters presented her as the candidacy of the status quo , while depicting him as the fighter and as the person struggling toward victory in an exciting contest . Bill Clinton responds to Rove , says Hillary ` strong ' The attack on Clinton and the questions that emerge about her candidacy in the coming weeks can remind voters that her journey is anything but an easy path to success and show her to be very much a fighter and survivor in this campaign . The Benghazi hearings in particular , when combined with others like those on the IRS , will further the perception that the Republicans are an investigative party , obsessed with scandal and constantly seeking to find evidence against our leaders . The hearings can further tarnish the already badly damaged image of the GOP . And there is nobody better able to play up this angle and take advantage of these party weaknesses than Hillary Clinton , who was part of the White House team that turned this image against the GOP in the late 1990s . Clintons ' relationship with media still testy after all these years Finally , it is good to get all of this out of the way so early , before she has even announced her candidacy . If there is one truism in American politics , it is that everything bad will get out eventually . It is always good to get bad news out of the way long before the game really gets going . It 's still the preseason in the presidential campaign of 2016 . Given the short attention span of many Americans , it is much better for all this to circulate now when most voters are not really paying attention and before any serious contest has even begun . Taken together , this is why the bad news can actually be good for Hillary Clinton if she is preparing to run . The onslaught of attacks and challenges might just be the reminder that Democrats need -- that Hillary Clinton is the person best qualified to handle this job .	Hillary Clinton continues to attract big attention even though she has n't become a candidate Julian Zelizer says comments from Rove and an article by Lewinsky may help Clinton He says these incidents remind people of Hillary Clinton 's resilience during the 1990s Zelizer : GOP comes across as the investigative party , and empathy goes to Clinton 's benefit
CNN  -- U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon has urged the leaders of Madagascar to resolve their differences after an anti-government rally a day earlier turned violent and left more than two dozen people dead . Protesters rally Saturday before violence broke out near the Presidential Palace . In a statement issued by his spokesperson , Ban deplored the violence and called Sunday on authorities "  to urgently initiate a fair process by which those responsible will be brought to justice . " Ban also blamed the "  tragedy " on a "  lack of restraint on all sides . " "  The Secretary-General calls upon all concerned parties to resolve their differences through peaceful and democratic means and through the exercise of responsible leadership , " according to the statement . A police official said the death toll from Saturday 's violence outside the Presidential Palace in the capital city of Antananarivo had risen to 26 . More than 80 were injured during the demonstration , officials said . The capital city was quiet as mourners attended a public ceremony for the dead . The violence stemmed from an ongoing dispute over who is in charge of the government . Andry Rajoelina , the mayor of Antananarivo , took to the streets one week ago , declaring himself the Indian Ocean island nation 's leader after a week of violence and looting that killed at least 80 people and wounded more than 300 . Watch an iReport on the Madagascar violence " But President Marc Ravalomanana has fired him and put someone else in the mayoral job . Rajoelina had called the rally to unveil his new government at the May 13th Plaza , according to Brittany Martin , an American citizen who is a Harvard Fellow and lives in Antananarivo . Martin said the rally was peaceful in the morning hours of Saturday , until gunshots rang out in the afternoon after the protesters marched from the plaza to the palace . She said it was unclear where the shots were coming from . Some media reports blamed foreign mercenaries for the shootings ; others said army guards were responsible or that the army was firing at the mercenaries to protect the crowd . Violence in Madagascar began January 26 , when protesters stormed state-run television and radio stations in Antananarivo . Hours earlier , the government had shut down a radio station owned by Rajoelina and , weeks ago , had similarly shut down Rajoelina 's television station after it aired an interview with ex-President Didier Ratsiraka . See pictures from last week 's upheaval " Ravalomanana took power in 2001 after ousting Ratsiraka in a tense , hotly contested election . Ratsiraka fled to France afterward . Loyalists blame Ratsiraka 's family members for inciting the recent trouble . Anger has risen in Madagascar , where the World Bank says the average person earns about $ 320 a year , over reports that Ravalomanana recently bought a $ 60 million airplane . Rajoelina has urged supporters to demand the resignation of Ravalomanana and said he planned to take charge until a transition government could be established in the nation off Africa 's southeastern coast . Map " "  What we 've been pushing for is dialogue the whole time , " said Rodney Ford , a spokesman for the U.S. Embassy . He said he had received reports that palace guards used tear gas and shot into the air to try and disperse the crowd . Journalist Dregoire Pourtier in Antananarivo , Madagascar , contributed to this report .	Ban blames the "  tragedy " on a "  lack of restraint on all sides " 26 dead , more than 80 wounded during an anti-government rally on Saturday Violence stems from a dispute over who is in charge of the government Andry Rajoelina , the mayor of Antananarivo , declares himself Madagascar 's leader
A scenic fall tour turned into a nightmare ride for passengers in northwest Arkansas on Thursday after a freight train and a passenger train collision left dozens injured . The six crew members and 38 passengers aboard were all injured , according to the Arkansas Missouri Railroad Police . The passenger train is operated by the Arkansas and Missouri Railroad , said Ron Sparks , the railroad 's police chief . The train departed from Springdale , Arkansas , and was headed to Van Buren to take passengers on a fall foliage excursion . The trains collided Thursday morning when the passenger train stalled on a small grade , apparently because of excess leaves on the track , according to police . "  We called for another locomotive to come help , " said Sparks . "  Somehow there was miscommunication on the passenger train 's position , and the locomotive rounded the curve and crashed into the passenger train , " added Sparks . "  It 's a pretty rural area , we had to park in woods , and wade through a river to get the passengers , using four-wheelers to pull them out . " One of the train 's conductors fractured his ankle and back and was evacuated to the hospital , said Sparks . Local fire and police emergency responders remain on the scene , according to local police . The National Transportation Safety Board was sending a team to the site of the crash Thursday evening to investigate .	A freight train and passenger train collide in northwest Arkansas Police say six crew members and 38 passengers were injured The National Transportation Safety Board is en route to crash site
Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro on Sunday ordered three U.S. diplomatic officials expelled from the country , accusing them of conspiring against his government . The announcement comes after the U.S. State Department expressed concerns about the state of affairs in Venezuela . Three anti-government protesters died in clashes last week in Caracas , and authorities have issued an arrest warrant for an opposition leader on charges including conspiracy and murder in connection with the violence . "  We are deeply concerned by rising tensions , by the violence surrounding this February 12 protest and by the issuing of a warrant for the arrest of the opposition leader Leopoldo Lopez , " State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf said Saturday . "  We join the secretary general of  the Organization of American States  in condemning the violence and calling on authorities to investigate and bring to justice those responsible for the death of peaceful protesters . " But the Venezuelan Foreign Ministry fired back at the Obama administration . "  The U.S. government is lying when the denounced the arrest of anti- peaceful protesters , " the ministry said in a statement . "  The world must know that there is sufficient evidence that the groups that have caused violence in recent days are headed by Mr. Leopoldo López . " Lopez 's party , Popular Will , has accused the government of being responsible for violence during the protests . In a YouTube video posted from an undisclosed location over the weekend , Lopez called for new anti-government protests Tuesday and vowed to show his face in front of Venezuela 's Justice Ministry and hand over a list of demands from the Venezuelan people to government officials . "  It has been said in recent days that they want to see me held prisoner . I will be there to show my face . I have nothing to be afraid of . I have not committed any crime . I have been a Venezuelan committed to our country , to our people , to our constitution and to our future , " he said . "  If there is some decision to illegally imprison me , well , I will be there , to assume this persecution and this infamous decision by the state . " He encouraged protesters to be peaceful and to allow him to walk the final stretch to the ministry alone . Protests and violence in Venezuela	The Venezuelan Foreign Ministry says the U.S. government is "  lying " 3 U.S. officials are accused of conspiring against the Venezuelan government The announcement comes after the U.S. expressed concern over rising tensions An arrest warrant has been issued for opposition leader Leopoldo Lopez
Actress Lindsay Lohan had a car accident on her way to the set Friday , briefly sending her to a hospital as a precaution , her publicist says . Lohan , 25 , was taken to the UCLA Medical Center in Santa Monica , California , and was released less than two hours later , Steve Honig said in a statement . Lohan 's lengthy legal history "  She is fine , " Honig said , adding that Lohan "  is already headed back to the set to resume work . " "  Fortunately , no one was seriously injured in the accident , " Honig said . Lohan has a history of mishaps while driving , some of which landed her in court . First photo released of Lohan as Elizabeth Taylor In 2005 , a paparazzo and Lohan were involved in a car accident that raised questions over whether paparazzi were engaged in aggressive car chases after celebrities . The paparazzo was accused of ramming her car . In May 2007 , Lohan was arrested on a misdemeanor drunken driving charge after she lost control of her Mercedes-Benz convertible and struck a curb in Beverly Hills , California . Lohan 's appearance on ` Glee ' Two months later that year , a woman called Santa Monica police , saying Lohan was trying to run her down with a car . Lohan was charged with drunken driving , cocaine possession and driving with a suspended license . In March , a Los Angeles judge removed Lohan from probation from the two 2007 drunken driving convictions , but the actress remains on informal probation for two more years on a misdemeanor shoplifting conviction from last year . Lohan has been in court at least 19 times since her arrest in May 2007 . The strict rules of formal probation that tripped up the actress and led to four probation violations in the past two years are now gone , but she could face 245 days in jail if she is convicted of another crime before the theft probation ends on May 24 , 2014 . In all , Lohan has spent 250 days in rehab , 35 days in home confinement , 67 days on community service , 19 days in court and made six trips to jail .	She 's taken to the hospital as a precaution and released less than two hours later The actress is fine and reported back to work , her publicist says Lohan has a checkered history with automobiles
CNN  -- A possible workers strike at Belmont Park racetrack on Long Island , New York , could rein in I 'll Have Another 's chance at the coveted Triple Crown title on Saturday . More than 80 of the racetrack 's maintenance workers and starters have threatened to go on strike in the days leading up to the Belmont Stakes , the third leg of the Triple Crown . The workers , who take care of the grounds and racetrack at Belmont in addition to putting the horses in the gate , have been embroiled in a contract dispute with the New York Racing Association over wages and employee contributions to health care costs since 2010 , said Vincent McElroen , financial secretary of International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers Local 3 union . The union voted to authorize a strike more than a week ago , he said . "  They 're trying to get a message to the employer that this is serious stuff , " McElroen added . Racing association officials issued a statement calling UBEW Local 3 's potential strike "  extremely self-serving , " alleging that the union is using "  the attention and excitement of a Triple Crown attempt to further its own agenda . " I 'll Have Another -- the 3-year-old colt who claimed victory in both the Kentucky Derby and Preakness Stakes this year -- would be the first horse to take the Triple Crown in 34 years . Since 1990 , only seven horses have won the first two legs of the title . Racetrack officials are expecting a crowd of more than 100,000 for Saturday 's race . McElroen said the timing of the potential strike has nothing to do with the Belmont Stakes . "  We 've been negotiating for 24 months , " he said . "  We 've gotten nowhere , and the workers are fed up . " Part of the dispute revolves around the definition of the workweek . In their former contract , which ended after a year-long extension in early 2011 , UBEW workers were paid overtime on weekends , McElroen said . But in 2012 , the racing association changed the workweek to reflect Belmont 's Wednesday through Sunday race schedule , eliminating weekend overtime pay . "  This change resulted in a drastic reduction in their take-home pay , " McElroen said . UBEW workers at Belmont have also had to start paying into their health insurance benefits and are no longer given retiree medical benefits , he added . In the statement , New York Racing Association officials responded that "  Local 3 is unwilling to pay a reasonable share of the cost to provide these benefits and they refuse to work with us to create shifts that reflect the reality of how a race track operates . " McElroen would not comment on the likelihood of a strike this weekend but said that the union "  is not one to frivolously go out on strike . " "  The New York Racing Association  took the position that it 's our way or the highway when they implemented these unilateral changes , " he said . "  The workers are not going to accept that . "	80 racetrack workers have threatened to go on strike Saturday 's race could see I 'll Have Another win the Triple Crown Union voted to authorize strike over wages , health care dispute Racing officials call possible strike "  extremely self-serving "
CNN  -- In the past couple months , thousands of teachers and parents have been calling for radical change in the education system , citing issues with the No Child Left Behind policy . Teachers , students , and parents across the country have come together with one goal in mind : fix a faulty education system . Organizers are calling for a march on Washington , where they hope to inspire change . Anthony Cody is a national board-certified teacher and mentor teacher for the Oakland , California , schools . He is one of the organizers of the Save Our Schools March , set for Saturday . He recently spoke to CNN about the march , its purpose and what teachers hope to gain . CNN : Where did the idea for the Save Our Schools march come from ? Cody : The idea was born after President Obama was elected . Teachers , especially , were tired of No Child Left Behind and the emphasis on standardized test scores to judge students , schools and teachers . Teachers really hoped for change . When we did n't see that change coming , we got concerned . I got involved last December with teachers , parents and professors . We started doing the hard work of building our coalition , strengthening our guiding principles and figuring out what we wanted instead . There was a lot of dissatisfaction with education policy , and we needed a positive agenda and not just be critics . There 's a lot of momentum building for the march , rally and conference . Endorsements are lining up from parent organizations , students , academics and , of course , from teachers . People are excited about the chance to get our voices heard . Opinion : Why America 's teachers are enraged CNN : Why do the organizers feel it 's necessary to "  save " our schools ? Cody : For the last 10 years , since No Child Left Behind was enacted , more and more emphasis has been put on test scores . The underlying belief is that if we punish schools for low test scores and reward schools and teachers for high scores , then student achievement will improve . Those who work in schools see the effects that this has had . The practice of labeling schools "  failures " has n't worked . It is actually undermining public schools . More support is going to semi-private charter schools and flowing away from public schools . More money and instructional time is being spent on more complicated and sophisticated tests . The actual education of our students is suffering . Teachers are demoralized ; many are leaving the profession . Those teachers still here are taking a stance to protect schools and students from this . Tests are not going to fix our schools . Real solutions are needed to improve our schools , and those start with students , teachers and parents who invest in our schools . CNN : What 's the objective of this march ? Cody : Secretary  of Education  Arne Duncan sent a letter to American teachers in honor of Teacher Appreciation Week in which he heaped a lot of praise on teachers but at the same time made it clear that policies that are so destructive in our schools are not changing . The response that he got to that letter was overwhelmingly critical from teachers . Teachers simply could not believe his praise , because at the same time Duncan says he appreciates teachers , he has supported the firing of entire staffs . So there 's a real disconnect between education policy and the rhetoric that says that teachers are so valued . What we hope will happen as a result of this march is a recognition that there is a serious problem in education reform policies in this country , that there is serious and principled opposition to those policies and real alternatives that are actually working in schools . Opinion : Why we protest education cuts CNN : Some teachers are afraid to appear at rallies or speak out against the status quo for fear of losing their jobs . Have you encountered any teachers who want to participate but feel they ca n't ? Cody : Teachers comment all the time online that they are fearful of speaking out more . Social movements take some bravery , some guts . Standing up in large enough numbers , that 's what it 's all about . Only then , teachers ca n't be dismissed or discriminated against . It 's incumbent on all teachers who are professionals to take stock of the ethical commitment to students , and at a certain point , that commitment requires taking risks . The time is now to take some risks , or else the teaching profession is not worth working in . CNN : How are you looking for parents to become activists ? Cody : Recently in my district , I worked as part of a group that brought together 200 teachers to discuss ways that we could improve teaching . The energy that was unleashed is the energy of activism , the energy of people taking responsibility and control of their profession . That energy is completely absent if you try to coerce people into doing things , if you try to bribe them with merit or punish them by saying they will lose their jobs if their test scores do n't improve . What teachers wanted is to improve schools and work together . The result ? A lot of concrete ideas on how to do this . Parents need to do the same thing by getting involved in local schools , running for the school board . A social movement across this country is needed to defend neighborhood schools . It is n't going to happen without the parents ; it is n't going to happen without the teachers . It should n't happen without the students . Everyone needs to get involved . The march is just one part of that . CNN : How will determine if this event has been a success ? Cody : If we strengthen the network of people who care about schools , we raise the profile of a positive vision for public education , we make it more difficult for the Department of Education to pretend that the majority of the teaching profession supports their policies , and we remind Congress and the president that there are many , many thousands of people who care deeply about the future of our schools . We do n't want schools sold off to corporate charters , do n't want them micromanaged by standardized tests . Teachers , parents and students should be entrusted with the real work of reforming our schools .	Parents , teachers , students plan Save Our Schools march in Washington on Saturday Anthony Cody , a board-certified teacher , is one of the organizers of the march Organizers say the march is a call to action and change
CNN  -- When the Republican Senate candidate who said "  legitimate rape " rarely resulted in pregnancy canceled plans to appear on CNN 's "  Piers Morgan Tonight , " the CNN chat show host did not hurriedly book another guest for his Monday night show . Instead , the program turned its cameras on an empty chair . "  Congressman , " the CNN host addressed Rep. Todd Akin , a Missouri Republican , "  you have an open invitation to join me in that chair whenever you feel up to it . "  If you do n't keep your promise to appear on the show , then you are what we would call in Britain a gutless little twerp . " Opinion : It 's not just Akin Within minutes , the phrase "  gutless little twerp " was streaking around the Internet , and the Morgan stunt garnered Twitter 's ultimate accolade -- a parody account . @AkinEmptyChair began churning out criticism of Akin and the presumptive Republican White House ticket of Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan , along with puns like : "  I am not going to SIT out this Senate race . " "  If Akin wins will he be the CHAIRman of the ARM  chair  Service Committee ? " the satirist tweeted later . High-profile media figures including Kelly O'Donnell of NBC jumped on the bandwagon , and Morgan himself gave the account a shout-out . Throughout the show , Morgan kept up the live picture of the "  empty chair " in the corner of the screen with a banner that said "  Exclusive . " Clock ticking for Akin as GOP urges him to withdraw Akin 's comments : Send your thoughts , testimonies But not everyone was a fan of the stunt , with Greg Pollowitz of the right-wing National Review tweeting : "  I think the empty chair is out-debating Piers Morgan . " Akin , an uncompromising opponent of abortion , made his controversial comment in an interview with KTVI . Later , he tried to roll back . Akin 's remarks deemed ` harmful ' to rape survivors "  In reviewing my off-the-cuff remarks , it 's clear that I misspoke in this interview and it does not reflect the deep empathy I hold for the thousands of women who are raped and abused every year , " Akin said in a written statement . Akin 's remarks caused an uproar , prompting many in his party asking him to withdraw from the U.S. Senate race . "  The chair has a better chance of being elected , " tweeted Ben Greenman , an editor at New Yorker magazine . Akin is hoping to unseat Missouri 's Democratic Sen. Claire McCaskill , who got her own parody account in the wake of Piers Morgan 's show . â $	The stunt immediately sparks a Twitter parody account "  I am not going to SIT out this Senate race , " @AkinEmptyChair tweets
CNN  -- Manchester United may have 659 million "  followers " -- according to a survey conducted two years ago -- but it 's not the biggest club in the world . That 's according to the Red Devils ' new manager , Louis van Gaal , who was officially unveiled Thursday only days after guiding the Netherlands to third place at the World Cup in Brazil . Van Gaal 's statement pulled no punches , which is in keeping with the 62-year-old 's reputation as being a no-nonsense disciplinarian . His task is to reverse the fortunes of United , which last season under David Moyes went from the most dominant side in the English Premier League era to one that could n't even qualify for the often derided Europa League . "  Last year you were seventh so then you are not the biggest club , " van Gaal said . However , United 's standing generally was n't lost on van Gaal , whose resume boasts league titles with three European giants , Barcelona , Bayern Munich and Ajax . In case he needed a reminder of United 's stature , United legend Bobby Charlton was there Thursday to greet him . "  It 's the biggest club because of how well it 's known around the world , " van Gaal said . "  When I was in China or Brazil , people were talking about United when I was the coach of the Dutch team . " Van Gaal at the helm could be a boon for his compatriot , striker Robin van Persie , who failed to match his first season at Manchester United in 2012/2013 , yet he still inherits a team in transition . Rio Ferdinand and Nemanja Vidic wo n't be around in the heart of the defense , nor will marauding left-back Patrice Evra . But unlike last season 's summer transfer window , United at least managed to make two major signings early , landing the coveted 19-year-old Luke Shaw -- he 'll replace Evra -- from Southampton and long-term creative midfield target Ander Herrera from Athletic Bilbao . Van Gaal was n't about to forecast United 's league position this season . United finished a staggering 22 points behind champion and city rival Manchester City . "  I will do my utmost best , " said van Gaal . "  That 's what I can give . I can not give predictions because you never know . It 's the biggest club of the world . "  Within two days I know already how important Manchester United is . "  I have to work , I have to prepare a team , I have to adapt to this big club . When you see my career you can see what I have won . That 's all I can say . "  The future shall show if I can do that again . " His assistant coaches Albert Stuivenberg and Marcel Bout have already been working with the players in advance of his arrival after the World Cup . They took the first training session of Thursday along with club legend Ryan Giggs , who was in temporary charge after Moyes ' dismissal at the back end of last season . The retention of Giggs and van Gaal 's stated intention Thursday that he would find roles for other former players on the United staff like Paul Scholes , Nicky Butt and Phil Neville shows he will not be totally breaking from the past . But Van Gaal has already suffered an injury blow , as midfielder Michael Carrick sustained an ankle injury in training and will be sidelined for up to 12 weeks .	Dutchman Louis van Gaal is officially unveiled as Manchester United manager After finishing seventh in England , van Gaal says United not the biggest club He bypassed a holiday after the World Cup and is getting to work at Old Trafford In bad news for van Gaal , Michael Carrick is out after suffering an ankle injury
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Australian airline Qantas is shedding another 500 jobs as it seeks to cut costs after a massive fall in net profit in the first half of the financial year . Net profit dived 83 % to $ 45 million  A$ 42M  in the six months to December due to rising fuel prices and flight cancellations during an industrial dispute in October . Chief executive Alan Joyce talked up the results , saying the airline 's portfolio of businesses had once again shown "  resilience in difficult conditions . " "  Improvements in operating cash flow , revenue , yield and unit costs , and record results for Jetstar and Qantas Frequent Flyer , helped offset the financial effect on the Group , " he said . Jetstar , the company 's low-cost carrier , set a new record for operating earnings before interest and tax of $ 147 million , up 4 % on the previous period . And despite flight disruptions , the airline now counts 8.3 million frequent fliers who are also contributing to profits . The airline 's shares rose in Sydney as investors signaled their approval of the company 's plans to slash capital expenditure by $ 700 million over the next two financial years . The carrier announced that it was reviewing its maintenance facilities in Australia and consolidating its catering and engineering operations . Joyce conceded that the airline had been hit hard by industrial action , however he said that the airline 's brand and customer satisfaction ratings had improved "  signficantly " since the grounding . At the time , thousands of passengers were stranded at airports around the world after Qantas ordered the grounding of 447 flights . The labor relations tribunal Fair Work Australia stepped in at the behest of the government and ordered an end to the two-day dispute to avoid damage to the tourism industry . The grounding was a flashpoint in a long-term battle between Qantas and unions representing pilots and engineers working for the Australian domestic and international airline . Union officials have accused the airline of planning to outsource ground jobs at a cost of thousands of Australian jobs and of putting profits first . Pay and working conditions have also been at the center of the dispute . Qantas , which has its headquarters in Sydney , is the second-oldest airline in the world and marked its 90th anniversary last year . It employs about 32,500 people and flies to more than 180 destinations worldwide , according to the company website .	Qantas net profit falls 83 % in six months to end of December Industrial action , high fuel prices dragged on profit figure Carrier plans to cut capital expenditure to shore up business Airline grounded hundreds of flights last October in dispute
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A judge Monday named famed radio countdown host Casey Kasem 's daughter as the temporary conservator of her ailing father , a spokeswoman said . The conservatorship is in effect until June 20 , when a hearing is scheduled on whether to make the conservatorship permanent , according to the Los Angeles County Superior Court spokeswoman Patricia Kelly . "  Justice was finally served ! I just won temporary conservatorship over my father 's healthcare . We have been vindicated by the court . Thank you for your prayers , well wishes and support through this entire ordeal , " Kasem 's daughter , Kerri Kasem , posted on her Facebook page soon after the order . Later , she added : "  I believe my father 's wife fled the country  or possibly went to an Indian Reservation  with my Dad because she knew I would win in court today . The judge ordered , Adult Protective Services , the PVP Attorney and the police to look for him . Please pray that he is safe . " Judge Daniel Murphy also ordered that Casey Kasem 's whereabouts be disclosed , the daughter 's lawyer said . He had "  grave concern " for the "  safety , health and well-being " of Casey Kasem , attorney Troy Martin told CNN . A different judge denied a request by Kasem 's children that a temporary conservator be appointed for their father last year . Kasem 's daughter Julie Kasem and her husband filed that earlier conservatorship petition , claiming the retired radio host "  has been isolated from his daughters , friends and other family " by his wife . The judge ruled last year that Kasem was being well cared for by his wife , Jean Kasem . Attempts Monday to contact Jean Kasem 's attorney , Craig Marcus , were unsuccessful . The petition last year claimed that daughter Julie Kasem and her husband , Dr. Jamil Aboulhosn , had been unable to check on Kasem 's health even though her father signed papers in 2007 giving them the power of attorney over his heath care in the event he was unable to make his own health decisions . They "  have been prevented from exercising their duties " by Jean Kasem , who has been married to the retired radio host for three decades , the filing argued . "  There is no communication between Jean and us and his daughters , " said brother Mouner Kasem . "  We have no knowledge of how he is , what he 's doing , if he 's better , if he 's worse , and we 're scared that we 'll never see him again . " Last year , Kerri Kasem said that her stepmother suddenly barred her sister , her uncle and some of Kasem 's friends from seeing him . She said she was perplexed by the decision . Kasem , who for decades hosted radio music countdown shows "  American Top 40 " and "  Casey 's Top 40 , " is suffering from Parkinson 's disease and "  may have early onset Parkinson 's dementia , " according to a court filing . He retired in 2009 . Besides the famed countdown shows , Kasem was also the voice of Shaggy in the cartoon "  Scooby Doo " and an announcer for NBC . He was a popular DJ and occasional actor before "  American Top 40 " began in 1970 . Kasem 's kids take stepmom to court All-time great DJs CNN 's Alan Duke and Dana Ford contributed to this report .	The conservatorship is in effect until June 20 , when a hearing is scheduled Casey Kasem 's daughter says she prays he is safe Kasem , for decades , hosted radio music countdown shows He is suffering from Parkinson 's disease
CNN  Tobacco companies including Philip Morris and R.J. Reynolds filed suit this week against the Food and Drug Administration alleging that the FDA is violating the companies ' free speech rights . In March , the FDA issued guidance that if significant changes are made to a product 's label , like color or a logo , the product requires new approval from the administration . This holds true even if the product was previously approved . The suit , filed in U.S. District Court in Washington , argues that those guidelines go too far and are too vague . They violate the First Amendment because they pre-emptively restrict free speech and exceed the scope of the Tobacco Control Act , the companies claim . The FDA 's actions , the suit says , do not advance a substantial government interest . The plaintiffs also include U.S. Smokeless Tobacco Co. , American Snuff Co. , Santa Fe Natural Tobacco Co. and Lorillard Tobacco Co. . FDA spokesman Michael Felberbaum said the administration does not comment on litigation . CNN 's Debra Goldschmidt contributed to this report .	Companies including Philip Morris and R.J. Reynolds in suit alleging violation of free speech In March , the FDA issued guidance about changes to tobacco product labels If significant changes are made to a product 's label , like color or a logo , the product requires new approval
