Hong Kong  CNN  -- Chinese police intercepted more than 3,600 crocodiles last week that were destined for dinner plates in the country 's Guangdong province . The Siamese crocodiles were seized Tuesday in the Guangxi Zhuang autonomous region after they crossed over the China-Vietnam border , according to reports in the Chinese state-run Xinhua news agency . Officials believe they were headed for restaurants in southern China -- known for its exotic dining options . Several of the crocodiles died from heatstroke during transportation , officials said , while the others are being treated by veterinarians . The Siamese crocodile , which can grow as long as 13 feet  3.96 meters  is one of the world 's most endangered reptiles , according to the World Wildlife Fund . Hunting and habitat disruption has led the species to near extinction in the wild but they are extensively farmed in Thailand and Cambodia . Zheng Yuanying of the Green Eye of China environmental protection group told Britain 's The Guardian that a strong black market has persisted in the region despite government efforts to crack down on exotic animal smuggling . "  Although people all know it is illegal to eat these wild creatures , they will still eat them as long as the market sells them . What 's needed is a long-term , stronger campaign to explain to people why they should n't eat crocodile , " he said . Earlier this month , China met with other Asian countries to enhance collaboration between countries to combat illegal wildlife trafficking , according to a report by TRAFFIC , a wildlife trade monitoring network . The provinces of Yunnan , Guangxi and Guangdong in southern China accounted for 68.3 % of the national trafficking total in 2011 , according to the report .	Chinese police intercepted more than 3,600 crocodiles near China-Vietnam border It is believed the animals were headed to restaurants in nearby Guangdong province The Siamese crocodiles are near extinction in the wild , though they are bred in captivity Southern China provinces made up nearly 70 % of all Chinese animal trafficking last year
CNN  -- The Southeast is among the areas of the United States with the highest concentration of cases of HIV and AIDS , according to a new online tool called the National HIV/AIDS Atlas . In this map of AIDS prevalence rates in the Southeast , red represents the highest  0.593 percent or greater  . AIDS experts in the region say that access to health care , especially when it comes to screening , is a major problem in rural communities . In the Southeast , people with HIV tend to get tested late , after they have become sick , partly because of stigma , said Kathie Hiers , executive director of AIDS Alabama in Birmingham . "  If you look at access to health care and almost any kind of health care report card , the South is the worst , " she said . With little or no public transportation , people in non-metropolitan areas are at a disadvantage when they need to see a particular kind of doctor , experts say . There is also a shortage of doctors who deal with HIV in the region , Hiers said . These problems also resonate with Georgia 's rural communities , which represent 39 percent of the HIV/AIDS burden in the state , said Raphael Holloway , director of the HIV Unit at the Georgia Division of Public Health . The remaining 61 percent of people living with HIV or AIDS are in the metro Atlanta area . "  In some districts , for example , there may be 10 counties within that health district but only one infectious disease doctor that people can access for care and services , " he said . It is also difficult to get HIV education to people in rural areas , he said . Of the 29 states reporting county-level data for the National HIV/AIDS Atlas , Georgia had more counties than any other state with the highest levels of HIV and AIDS prevalence . Although this does not represent a comprehensive national assessment , Georgia ranked fifth in reporting of new AIDS cases in 2007 , behind Texas  fourth  , Florida  third  , New York  second  and California  first  , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . The Northeast also has a heavy burden of HIV/AIDS cases nationally , atlas collaborators said . Other states with high numbers of counties with high HIV prevalence included Florida , New York and South Carolina . The atlas , the first of its kind to map out HIV and AIDS at the level of counties , launched in time for Saturday 's HIV/AIDS Testing Day . The National Institutes of Health is encouraging everyone age 13 to 64 to get tested for HIV as part of routine health care . "  Not knowing one 's HIV status endangers one 's health and the health of one 's sexual partners . By getting tested for the virus and learning one 's HIV status soon after infection , treatment can begin early , substantially delaying the development of HIV-related illness and prolonging life , " said Dr. Anthony Fauci , director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases at the National Institutes of Health . The National HIV/AIDS Atlas allows users to explore the prevalence of HIV and AIDS in any region of the United States . The map , a project of the National Minority Quality Forum , encompasses all 50 states , the District of Columbia , Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands . The more red a region appears , the greater the prevalence , which is the ratio of the number of people living with the disease at a given time to the total number of people living there at that time . Users can look at rates of disease by gender , race/ethnicity and age group in regions where this information is available . The map also has different settings for HIV and AIDS , the more severe illness caused by the HIV virus . They can also zoom into counties and , for New York City only , ZIP codes . About 33 million people have HIV/AIDS worldwide as of 2007 , according to the World Health Organization . The CDC estimates that 1.1 million Americans have HIV and that 56,300 new infections occurred in the United States in 2006 . Nearly 75 percent of HIV/AIDS diagnoses among adolescents and adults in that year were for males . People who worked on the atlas project were surprised at how concentrated HIV and AIDS are in certain U.S. counties . "  Being able to look at all the data in this way reminds us that the HIV epidemic is not uniformly distributed throughout the U.S. , " said Patrick Sullivan , associate professor of epidemiology at Emory University , who collaborated on the atlas . The atlas also reflects the disproportionate number of African-Americans who have HIV and AIDS . "  You can see at the level of the national map that there 's so much variation in the U.S. about which groups have been impacted , " Sullivan said . Demographics and county-level data are not available for some states , or parts of some states , because of the way these places report data by region , researchers said . These areas appear as gray when users zoom in . Some places also appear gray because the disease case count is so low . The atlas is based on data from public health departments from 2006 , the most recent available . Collaborators say they hope to update the maps when new data become available . The atlas , which launched Monday morning , had about 100,000 visitors by Tuesday afternoon , and more than 10,000 people completed the free registration in that time , said Gary Puckrein , executive director of the atlas project . To find an HIV testing facility near you , visit www.hivtest.org .	HIV epidemic is not uniformly distributed throughout the U.S. Disproportionate number of African-Americans have HIV/AIDS Atlas is based on data from public health departments from 2006
CNN  -- The U.S. Defense Department can not account for about $ 2 billion it was given to cover Iraq-related expenses and is not providing Iraq with a complete list of U.S.-funded reconstruction projects , according to two new government audits . The reports come from the office of the Special Inspector General for Iraq Reconstruction . The Iraqi government in 2004 gave the Department of Defense access to about $ 3 billion to pay bills for certain contracts , and the department can only show what happened to about a third of that , the inspector general says in an audit published Friday . Although the Department of Defense  DoD  had "  internal processes and controls " to track payments , the "  bulk of the records are missing , " the report says , adding that the department is searching for them . Other documents are missing as well , including monthly reports documenting expenses , the audit says . "  From July 2004 through December 2007 , DoD should have provided 42 monthly reports . However , it can locate only the first four reports . " A letter accompanying the report is signed by Stuart Bowen , the inspector general . The audit was overseen by Glenn Furbish , assistant inspector general for audits . In a response letter also contained in the report , Defense Under Secretary Mark Easton acknowledges "  a records management issue . " The audit says it believes records management is to blame , and "  has been an ongoing problem for DoD in Iraq . By all accounts , DoD established good internal processes and controls to account for and report on " the funds it was given after the Coalition Provisional Authority dissolved . Where the records did exist , they matched other records and contained "  good financial documentation supporting individual payments . " Also , there is "  sufficient evidence " that required monthly reports were sent to the government of Iraq , even though they ca n't be found , the audit said . The audit deals with a time when Iraq 's government was undergoing a transition . The Coalition Provisional Authority ran the country for 14 months from 2003 to 2004 . During that time , the authority awarded numerous contracts . When it dissolved in 2004 , the Iraqi government gave the U.S. Defense Department access to the $ 3 billion to pay bills for contracts the provisional authority had awarded . The Defense Department letter from Easton -- the department 's deputy chief financial officer -- thanks the inspector general 's office for "  the collaborative effort and professional courtesy " in a series of audits . Separately , the inspector general 's office sent a letter Sunday to the U.S. ambassador to Iraq complaining that the U.S. government is not providing Iraq with a complete list of reconstruction projects . The U.S. criteria for selecting which projects to report to Iraq -- which include only those valued at $ 250,000 or more -- is a central part of the problem , the letter says . The U.S. Embassy says the system is designed to help Iraq "  focus its limited resources on sustainment of infrastructure and other large capital projects done through U.S. reconstruction efforts , " the report notes . The inspector general 's office argues that the limited list -- which is also "  hampered by unreliable data and other data entry problems " -- does not allow Iraq to decide where to focus its resources , and notes that the country might consider some smaller projects more important than those that are reported . "  Without more comprehensive knowledge about reconstruction projects the  Iraqi government  will not be in a position to maximize the use of its resources , " the report says . Billions of dollars in spending are not reported to Iraq under the current system , the report says . In a response letter , Peter Bodde , assistant chief of mission for the U.S. Embassy in Iraq , says that while the current system is incomplete , "  it does capture the vast majority of reconstruction projects and there is no other alternative that captures more . " He also notes that the Iraq reconstruction effort "  is now in its very last stages , and all remaining capital projects will be reported through the asset transfer process . " The Office of the Special Inspector General for Iraq Reconstruction was created in 2004 to continue oversight of Iraq reconstruction programs .	NEW : The U.S. is keeping Iraq out of the loop on some projects , report says NEW : The U.S. Embassy in Iraq disagrees with that complaint The Defense Department ca n't account for about $ 2 billion in past spending , report says The department acknowledges a "  records management issue "
CNN  -- My taxi driver is telling me about his meal last night . His name is William . He ate whale . Melting world : mountainous icebergs in Greeland 's Sermilik Fjord . "  Delicious , " he says , kissing the tips of his fingers on one hand , making the universal sign for good tasting food . William tells me he went out on a boat with some friends a few days ago and shot the whale . I 'm not sure how I feel about this . Welcome to Greenland . On this remote but enormous island subsistence whale hunting is allowed . This was just the memorable start to an extraordinary journey . Cameraman Neil Bennett and I had traveled to the small town of Tasiilaq in southeastern Greenland to meet up with the Arctic Sunrise , a ship belonging to the environmental group Greenpeace . Read Neil 's blog on filming in challenging conditions The 34-year-old icebreaker and its crew are on a three month expedition around Greenland 's coast . They say their mission is to help scientists working in the region and to publicize the environmental changes taking place here . We join the Arctic Sunrise as it moves slowly up Sermilik Fjord . This is simply the most beautiful place I 've ever seen . It 's an inky blue body of water thick with floating , ancient ice . Some of the icebergs are mountainous . They all come from the Greenland ice sheet , a vast mass of frozen fresh water , hundreds of miles across and up to two miles thick . View the gallery of the stunning landscape " Over the next four days we observe independent scientists working to understand why the ice sheet is melting so rapidly . We fly over and land on Helheim Glacier , a major outlet for the ice sheet which has sped up dramatically in the last decade . We accompany oceanographers in inflatable boats as they collect data on the warming water currents in the fjord . All this research , they say , points to sea levels rising beyond current predictions . There are still those who question humankind 's role in the warming of the Earth 's climate , but these scientists are not among them . "  Things could be very bad , " glaciologist Dr Gordon Hamilton tells me . "  If we do n't start to do something about it now we 'll very quickly reach a tipping point from which there 'll be no return . And the consequences for society as a whole would be catastrophic . " Joining Greenpeace on this expedition was a difficult decision for CNN . Does it compromise our editorial independence on what can still be a highly divisive issue ? In my experience it 's no different to embedding with soldiers on one side of a military conflict . I 've traveled with American soldiers in Iraq and Russian soldiers in Georgia . It enables journalists to access newsworthy locations and people that we could n't get to otherwise , either practically or safely . And the stories told can still be balanced and fair . Traveling with Greenpeace allowed us to record powerful images of Greenland 's accelerating melt . And we met independent scientists who believe the world must act boldly to slow down change that science is struggling to keep pace with .	CNN traveled with Greenpeace to Greenland on their study of the region Flow of Helheim Glacier has sped up dramatically in last decade Research of warming water in Sermilik Fjord points to higher sea-level rise
CNN  -- Search efforts turned into a recovery operation Monday for a U.S. Navy instructor pilot presumed dead after his plane crashed into Lake Pontchartrain , just outside of New Orleans , Louisiana , during a routine training mission , a Navy spokesman said . The student pilot on the plane was rescued about two hours after the crash Saturday night and taken to a hospital for mild hypothermia and moderate injuries , according to the Navy . He has since been released . The missing instructor pilot has been identified as Lt. Clinton Wermers , 33 , of Mitchell , South Dakota . The Navy did not identify the rescued student pilot . The two pilots were attached to Training Squadron 6 at Naval Air Station Whiting Field in Milton , Florida . Initial reports were that both the pilots were clinging to the aircraft before it sank , according to the U.S. Coast Guard , which is assisting in the search . Lt. Brett Dawson , a Navy air training spokesman , told CNN Monday that the wreckage of the plane has been located and a salvage unit will be working to recover it . The cause of the crash is under investigation , Dawson said . Air traffic controllers at Lakefront Airport in New Orleans notified the Coast Guard at 6:40 p.m. Saturday that a U.S. Navy T-34 training plane was no longer visible on radar , the Coast Guard said in a news release . The plane had been approaching the airport during a routine nighttime instrument training mission , the Navy said . The T-34 is a single-engine , single-prop plane used for primary training for student pilots . It does not have an ejection mechanism , Dawson said . Instead , pilots can open the canopy , slide it back and roll out of the aircraft . At the time of the crash , the temperature was 50 degrees Fahrenheit with calm winds , the Coast Guard said . The water temperature was 52 degrees . CNN 's Sarah Aarthun and Sara Pratley contributed to this report .	Search efforts turned into a recovery operation Monday after T-34 crashed Saturday night Missing pilot identified as Lt. Clinton Wermers , 33 , of Mitchell , South Dakota The T-34 is a single-engine , single-prop plane used for primary training for student pilots Second unidentified man , a flight student , survived the crash
CNN  -- Civil rights activist Evelyn Gibson Lowery , who with her husband , the Rev. Joseph Lowery , participated in the 1965 Selma-to-Montgomery march in Alabama , died Thursday morning at her Atlanta home , a family spokeswoman said . She was 88 . She suffered a stroke last week , and on Wednesday returned home from a hospital after medical personnel decided "  there was nothing more medically that they could do , " the Lowery family said in a statement released Thursday . "  My beloved Evelyn was a special woman , whose life was committed to service , especially around the issues of empowering women , " Joseph Lowery said . "  She was a wonderful mother and wife and I thank God that she did n't suffer any pain and that I was blessed having her as my partner , my confidante and my best friend for close to 70 years . "  I will miss her each and every day , but as a man of faith , I know that she is with her God . My entire family has been overwhelmed by the continuous outpourings of love , support and prayers that have come from across the country and we ask for your continued prayers over the next few days . " Pioneers of the civil rights movement The Lowerys ' participation in the Selma-to-Montgomery march supporting African-Americans ' right to vote was just one aspect of the couple 's historic lives . They were among the pioneers of the American civil rights movement from its beginnings in the 1950s . Joseph Lowery -- sometimes referred to as the "  dean of the civil rights movement " -- was a founder of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference , the civil rights group formed in 1957 . Martin Luther King Jr. was the first president of the group . Evelyn Lowery was the founder of SCLC 's sister organization -- SCLC/Women 's Organizational Movement for Equality Now Inc. , found in 1979 . The purpose of the group , according to a bio on her group 's website , is to "  champion the rights of women , children , families , and responding to the problems of the disenfranchised regardless of ethnicity , gender , age , or religion . " In the 1980s , she founded several prominent programs , according to the profile . One is the Drum Major for Justice Awards Dinner , which honors people who made contributions in the arena of social justice . Another is The Evelyn G. Lowery Civil Rights Heritage Tour that honors icons of the civil rights movement . She is responsible for the establishment of monuments honoring those icons . She founded the Women 's Empowerment Training Center for GED/computer training in 1988 and a mentoring program for girls in1995 . Lowery was the daughter of a clergyman in Memphis , Tennessee , who served in the local NAACP . "  Young Evelyn 's eyes were exposed to the injustices  in  society , and before the age of eighteen , she committed herself to working towards making those conditions better , " the website bio said . People we 've lost in 2013 CNN 's Tenisha Bell and Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	Evelyn Lowery died at her Atlanta home Thursday She formed a sister group to the Southern Christian Leadership Conference She and her husband participated in the Selma-to-Montgomery march
PARIS , France  CNN  -- When the day is done , the vibrant Marais boasts more than its fair share of drinking , dining and people-watching opportunities . Kick-start the evening with an aperitif or two at one of the tiny bars along Rue Vieille du Temple , such as the '50s - inspired Pick-clops , La Belle Hortense or Le Petit Fer a Cheval . Measure your coolness quotient at the Moroccan-inspired Andy Wahloo  Rue des Gravilliers  or jostle for space at La Perle  Rue de la Perle  . Less hedonistic than a night out in London or New York , Paris still boasts a vibrant and eclectic nightlife . For chilled tunes , cocktails and top people-watching , visit the Hotel Costes  Rue St-Honore  , a veritable temple to opulence . The brief to star designer Jacques Garcia was "  all things in excess " , and a visit will show he did n't hold back . More chilled out and with an unsurprisingly eastern theme is the Buddha Bar  Rue Boissy d'Anglas  , another old favorite that still packs in the beautiful people . Fancy a late-night tipple ? The bars of Rue Oberkampf attract an eclectic crowd as the after-dark action moves further east into the slowly gentrifying neighborhood of Belleville . Kick off in the ultra hip Café Charbon , also famous for its brunch . At the bottom end of the street check out Le Kitch bar -- be sure to try one of its delicious green "  Shrek " cocktails . Further up , Café Mercerie is also great for drinks -- happy hour ends at 9pm - while Chez Justine serves up delicious food without breaking the bank . If you 're looking to dance the night away , head north to the clubs of Pigalle . ... . Paris city guide : Where to stay | What to see | Where to be seen | Where to eat | Where to shop ... . Do you agree with our Paris picks ? Send us your comments and suggestions in the "  Sound Off " box below and we 'll print the best .	Not sure where to start ? Head to the tiny bars along Rue Vieille du Temple A veritable temple to opulence , Hotel Costes was designed byJacques Garcia In the evening head east into the slowly gentrifying neighborhood of Belleville
Washington  CNN  -- Only a third of U.S. voters think that most members of Congress deserve to be re-elected this year , according to a new national poll . That 's the lowest number ever recorded for that question in a CNN survey . The CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll , released Tuesday , indicates that only 34 percent feel that current federal lawmakers deserve re-election , with 63 percent saying no . According to the survey , 51 percent feel their own member of Congress should be re-elected -- also an all-time low in CNN polling -- while 44 percent say their representative does n't deserve to be returned to office in November . Full poll results  PDF The numbers on both questions are even lower than in 1994 , when an anti-incumbent fever helped Republicans win back control of both the House and the Senate from Democrats . The trend line on those questions goes back to 1991 , when they were first asked . "  This is not a good year to be an incumbent , regardless of which party you belong to , " said CNN polling director Keating Holland . "  Voters seem equally angry at both Republicans and Democrats this year . " Fifty-six percent of people questioned in the survey say that most Democrats in Congress do not deserve to be re-elected . An equal percentage say that most congressional Republicans do n't deserve re-election . The poll suggests Americans are split when it comes to their vote this November , with 47 percent of registered voters saying they will support the Republican candidate in their district for the House of Representatives and 45 percent saying they will back the Democrat . Republicans trailed the Democrats by 6 points in November . The voters ' cool view of incumbents of both parties "  may hurt the Democrats more because there are more Democratic incumbents , " Holland said . "  It 's a change from 2006 , when voters concentrated their anger at GOP members of Congress . " The generic ballot question asked respondents if they would vote for a Democrat or Republican in their congressional district , without naming any specific candidates . The Democrats currently hold a 255-178 advantage in the House , with two vacant seats that the Democrats once held . Republicans need to win 40 seats to take back control of the chamber . While President Obama is not up for re-election this November , he will be in 2012 , if he decides to run for a second term . According to the poll , 44 percent of registered voters say Obama deserves re-election , with 52 percent saying the president does not deserve a second term in office . The survey also indicates that 49 percent of Americans approve of the job Obama 's doing as president , with half of the public disapproving of his job in the White House . "  One problem Obama faces may be the perception that Obama is not a middle-class kind of guy , " Holland said . "  Only 4 percent of Americans describe themselves as upper class . But a 45 percent plurality say that Obama belongs to the upper class , with 42 percent saying he is from the middle class and 12 percent describing him as working class . " The CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll was conducted Friday through Monday , with 1,023 adult Americans , including 954 registered voters , questioned by telephone . The survey 's sampling error is plus or minus 3 percentage points both for all Americans and for registered voters . CNN deputy political director Paul Steinhauser contributed to this story	Just 34 percent of U.S. voters think most members of Congress should be re-elected , poll shows That 's the lowest number for that question ever in a CNN poll 51 percent say their own member of Congress deserves re-election 44 percent of those polled say President Obama should be re-elected if he runs in 2012
CNN Student News  -- October 4 , 2010 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Europe • North Carolina • Little Rock , Arkansas Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : It 's the first full week of October , and we are ready to kick it off with 10 minutes of commercial-free headlines . My name is Carl Azuz . Hello and welcome ! You 've found your way to CNN Student News ! First Up : Europe Travel Alert AZUZ : First up , a highly unusual travel alert from the U.S. government . It 's telling Americans who are in Europe -- or who are going there -- to be on guard . The reason : intelligence that indicates the potential for a terrorist attack . This goes back to a story we told you about last week : concerns that al Qaeda or another terrorist group might be planning some kind of attack in Europe . The U.S. government says it 's not telling people , "  do n't to go to Europe . " But if they do go , they should be careful while they 're there . For example , the travel alert recommends that Americans be cautious if they decide to ride public transportation or visit tourist sites like the Eiffel Tower in Paris , France . The alert also suggests that if Americans see anything suspicious or hear loud noises , they should move away as fast as they possibly can . Flooding in N.C. AZUZ : In the United States , parts of the East Coast are suffering from some severe flooding that hit the area over the weekend . Some of the rain that caused the floods came from what was left over of Tropical Storm Nicole . Officials say at least 8 people were killed . North Carolina took some of the worst of the severe weather . Roads were wiped out , businesses and houses were underwater . Look at this ! You can see how high the water got , how it totally covered a street . In some spots , the water was even as high as the stop signs . In one North Carolina town , officials were trying to make sure that all the animals in the zoo got to higher ground . They evacuated most of the animals , but there were three water buffalo that had to be set free . Those were found later on a hill nearby . One Nation Rally AZUZ : "  One nation working together . " That was the theme of a rally in Washington , D.C. on Saturday . You can see some of the crowd gathered around at the Lincoln Memorial . This rally was organized by the One Nation movement . It 's a political movement with a lot of smaller groups all coming together for big events like this one . The One Nation group says it 's pushing for things like better jobs and changes to America 's immigration and education policies . It planned Saturday 's rally to kind of show off its strength one month before this year 's mid-term elections . Shoutout APRIL WILLIAMS , CNN STUDENT NEWS : It 's time for the Shoutout ! How many justices are there on the U.S. Supreme Court ? If you think you know it , shout it out ! Is it : A  5 , B  7 , C  9 or D  12 ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! The Supreme Court has one chief justice and eight associate justices ; a total of nine . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! New Session Begins AZUZ : All nine of those justices are back on the bench today as the U.S. Supreme Court kicks off a new session . This is the first session for Elena Kagan ; you might remember us covering her nomination several months ago . During a ceremony last Friday , Kagan was officially welcomed as the newest associate justice on the nation 's High Court . The docket for this session , what the Supreme Court will hear and rule on , has been more or less in place since February , though it can be added to after that . It includes some interesting cases . For example , is it legal to ban the sale of violent video games to anyone under 18 ? The court will also look at the issue of immigration and consider whether federal laws should overrule state laws . Space Week AZUZ : Something else starts this week : it 's World Space Week . It happens every year from October 4th to the 10th . The United Nations established World Space Week to help teach people about space exploration and to encourage support for space programs around the world . The United Nations picked October 4th because it 's significant : It 's the anniversary of Sputnik ! On October 4th , 1957 , Sputnik became the first man-made satellite to be launched into space . In 2004 , on the same day -- October 4th -- SpaceShipOne was awarded the Ansari X-prize ; it was the first private , or non-governmental , manned space flight . What 's the Word TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : What 's the Word ? no longer around ; vanished or non-existent EXTINCT That 's the word ! Back from the Brink AZUZ : Well , you 've probably spent some time in your science classes learning about different kinds of animals that have gone extinct . Dodo birds and dinosaurs are some of the more famous ones . But some scientists are warning people not to throw around that extinct label too quickly . The reason ? Well , we 'll let Max Foster tell you about that ; he shows us some scientific examples of lost and found . BEGIN VIDEO MAX FOSTER , CNN ANCHOR : Back from the dead ! A new study by the University of Queensland says that more than a third of mammal species , like this okapi , once considered extinct or missing in the wild have eventually been rediscovered . Though they thrive in zoos around the world , okapi are native to the Congo , where they were found in 2006 for the first time in fifty years . That 's a relatively short period though of "  extinction , " especially compared to this massive fish called a coelacanth . Experts thought it had died out with the dinosaurs before it was found swimming off the coast of South Africa in 1938 . From all corners of the animal kingdom , and the plant kingdom too , these species have defied declarations of extinction : a small frog in Africa , a short-necked beetle in Britain , rare flowers and ancient trees . All of these were once labeled lost to history and later turned up , alive and well . The study acknowledges a lot of effort is being wasted trying to find animals that are truly gone forever , like the Tasmanian tiger , that died out more than 70 years ago . But perhaps the searching will pay off someday for other creatures that appear to have vanished , but perhaps are just waiting to be found again . Max Foster , CNN , London . END VIDEO Blazing Trails AZUZ : High school on Friday , college on Saturday , the pros on Sunday . If you have a friend or a relative who 's been spending weekends in front of the television , might be because it 's football season ! In Arkansas , two players are making a name for themselves under the Friday night lights . That 's partly because of their names : Mandi and Sarah . One school district , two schools , two different girls who are both playing varsity football . Lauren Trager of affiliate KARK tackles the story . BEGIN VIDEO MANDI NORTON , LITTLE ROCK MILLS HIGH JUNIOR , RUNNING BACK : It 's not about boys and girls , it 's just about the game and what we are out here doing . LAUREN TRAGER , KARK 4 REPORTER : A love of the game ; it 's what Jacksonville High senior Sarah Moncrief and Mills High junior Mandi Norton have in common , first and foremost . But compared to their teammates , they 're quite different . The only girls in a boys ' game . SARAH MONCRIEF , JACKSONVILLE HIGH SENIOR , DEFENSIVE AND OFFENSIVE TACKLE : I 've always loved it , said I was gon na do it . Last chance . TRAGER : For these ground-breakers , it took all kinds of guts just to get up the courage . MONCRIEF : I did n't know how the guys would take it . TRAGER : Then to make it through two-a-days . NORTON : It 's not as hard as people make it seem ; it 's really easy . You just have to try and put your best foot forward . PATRICK RUSSELL , LITTLE ROCK MILLS HIGH COACH : I 'm from the old-school , I guess you could say , and so having a female on the football team was not something I was looking forward to . TRAGER : Both coaches had their reservations . Special accommodations in equipment and locker rooms were made , but these girls proved their muscle . RICK RUSSELL , JACKSONVILLE HIGH COACH : She got in our off-season program , lifted weights , ran and got bigger and stronger . Excuse me , she got stronger . I better not say that for Sarah . She got stronger , more agile . TRAGER : Now , they 're just one of the guys . SHALEEK DOE , JACKSONVILLE HIGH , SARAH 'S TEAMMATE : You have some times where you forget that she 's a girl and you just treat her like another football player . TRAGER : At least on the field . Mandi 's boyfriend is number 51 . NORTON : He 's proud of me and he supports me probably more than anyone else in my life except for my dad . TRAGER : Like other new players , they do n't see a ton of game time . But they have a newfound notoriety , perhaps winning over a few of the skeptics . COACH P. RUSSELL : She 's fit in and I 'm proud of her . TRAGER : Maybe blazing the trail for others to come . MONCRIEF : I think it 's just a time for us to change and say that we can do what we want to do just as well as anybody else . END VIDEO Before We Go AZUZ : All right ! Before we go , we 're showing you pictures of a New Mexico festival that 's really full of hot air . In this case , that 's a good thing . It 's the Albuquerque International Balloon Fiesta . Fellow flyers flock from around the globe to New Mexico for nine days every year . When this thing started back in 1972 , 13 balloons -- that was it ! -- 13 balloons took off from a mall parking lot . Now , there are so many balloons that they need a launch area that 's the size of 54 football fields ! Goodbye AZUZ : We guess you could say the fiesta has ballooned out of control . But getting to watch all those things take off could really inflate someone 's spirits . Time for us to go . Man , we 're sorry . We 'll be popping back tomorrow to launch into another edition of CNN Student News . I 'm Carl Azuz . We 'll see you then .	Hear why the U.S. government wants Americans in Europe to be on guard Learn about some examples of lost and found in the animal kingdom Hit the gridiron to meet a pair of female varsity football players Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
EW.com  -- Michael J. Fox 's TV hot streak has ended . NBC 's "  The Michael J. Fox Show " has been canceled and replaced on Thursdays by "  Hollywood Game Night , " EW confirmed Wednesday . NBC yanks ` Sean Saves the World ' The actor , who was on "  Family Ties " in the '80s and "  Spin City " in the late '90s , has n't yet made it through one season of his anticipated return to television ; 15 of the show 's 22 episodes have played so far , and there 's no word yet when or if the rest will air . "  Sean Saves the World , " which NBC had already announced was canceled , has also been pulled from the Thursday night lineup . Which NBC shows are in trouble ? At last month 's Television Critics Association press tour , "  The Michael J. Fox Show " and "  Sean Saves the World " were notably absent from NBC 's prime-time hype reel . At the time , network chairman Robert Greenblatt said he was n't happy with "  Fox 's " recent 0.6 adult demo rating , adding that the show faced an "  uphill battle . " See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Michael J. Fox 's NBC show has been pulled from the network 's schedule Only 15 of the 22 episodes have aired It 's unclear if or when the remaining episodes will air "  Hollywood Game Night " will take its place
AOL Autos  -- Some drivers would say that the United States is a crazy quilt of speed limits , with an emphasis on the "  crazy . " A sign indicating the highest speed limit in the country stands by Interstate 10 outside of the West Texas town of El Paso . Since 1995 , states have been free to set their own maximum speed limits , leading to long debates on safety standards . To some folks , the speed limits are just insane -- either too low or too high , depending on their views about what makes driving safe . Advocates of low speed limits wo n't find much to like about Texas . True to its frontier roots , it stands out as the land of the fast getaway . The top rural speed limit is normally 70 mph , but in 2006 it set a maximum daytime speed of 80 miles per hour , the highest speed limit on the country , on more than 500 miles of rural interstate in its southwest corner . This includes parts of Interstate 10 between Kerrville and El Paso and of I-20 between Monahans and the I-10 interchange . The speed limit for rural roads in Montana is 75 mph . As a result , it takes just three hours to travel the 228 miles from Billings to Butte at the posted speed . But that 's much slower than a Montana driver could have made the trip in early 1999 . At that time there was a six-month speeders ' honeymoon when the state had almost no control over rural speeds , partly as a result of an unfavorable court ruling . St. Thomas in the U.S. Virgin Islands is at or near the other end of the spectrum . In the U.S. territory the speed limit is 20 mph in the city and 30 out in the country . When it comes to accident rates , though , you would be far better off on a Montana interstate than competing with the island 's frenetic drivers on the way to Paradise Point . Nationwide , maximum speeds range from 60 miles per hour in Hawaii to 75 in most of the West . Meanwhile , much of the eastern Midwest and the Northeast has opted for maximum speeds of 65 mph , although Michigan and Indiana chose the 70 mph standard more common to the South and the Great Plains states . So if you are cruising west along I-90 out of Ohio , you can enjoy the increase in speed across 150 miles of Indiana before Illinois ' lower speed limit -- or its state police -- reins you in . As you continue west , interstate speed limits bump up to 70 in Iowa , and then you can maintain a steady 75 from Nebraska through to the California line , where interstate speeds drop off to 70 again . Should you choose to detour into Oregon , you 're back down to 65 . From a highway safety standpoint , the patchwork of speed limits at least seems to make sense . Speeds are slower in more populous Eastern states and faster in the wide-open West , although the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety argues that some of the new , higher speed limits out West and elsewhere are costing lives . It estimates that deaths on interstates and freeways have increased 15 percent due to the higher speed limits . But some researchers are skeptical about the link between accidents and high speeds on rural highways , if not on city streets and rural two-lanes . They point to the lower fatality rates on European highways , even though the speeds are generally higher . The maximum legal speed is roughly 80 mph in Poland , Austria , France and a few other countries . There is no speed limit on much of Germany 's autobahn , although some sections are restricted to about 80 mph or less . Ironically , the new regime of U.S. speed limits has helped researchers make sense of whether higher rural speed limits are dangerous . Political scientist Robert Yowell , a professor at Northeast Lakeview College in Texas , examined what happened after states began setting higher rural speed limits in 1995 . With the federal 65 mph limit gone , it was possible to compare the accident rates before and after the new limits went into effect . The results were clear : "  By and large , across the 50 states , there was no discernible effect from the higher limits , " Yowell said . "  Two or three states actually had a decrease in fatalities . " Once speed limits are raised on interstates , drivers are more likely to get off the more dangerous two lanes and use the faster routes , Yowell said . Furthermore , the motorists traveling the fastest on the higher-speed interstates tend to be good at that kind of driving . The less competent drivers at high speeds tend to drive more slowly . While Yowell admits most states are well-intentioned , he 's "  not willing to accept that speed limits are solely a function of safety , " he said . "  They are a function of revenue generation as well . There have been cases of judges saying communities have to raise their speed limits because they were obviously being used to raise revenues and that 's not a proper use of the law . " In part , Yowell looks to differences in political cultures to explain the great continental divide in speed limits . "  It may be that certain states have a different approach to questions involving personal liberty versus collective safety , " he said . His research does n't surprise Jim Baxter , president of the Waunakee , Wisconsin-based National Motorists Association . His organization had lobbied heavily for an end to the federal limits . Baxter 's rule of thumb for computing the right speed limit is the traffic engineering standard known as the 85th percentile speed . That 's the speed that 85 percent of motorists drive at or below . But it tends to be well above the speed limits that most jurisdictions set . With the speed limit set at that level , traffic tends to move smoothly , reducing the risk of accidents , Baxter said . If you put the limit below that speed , some vehicles are traveling far more slowly than the fastest drivers , creating the most dangerous conditions of all . Baxter argues that most drivers naturally tend to drive at speeds that suit the road conditions and their driving skills . St. Thomas is a case in point , albeit an extreme one . With its congestion and rugged terrain , the island is bereft of performance cars ; many of the vehicles are older pickups , aging Japanese compacts and SUVs . The treacherous conditions restrict speeds far more effectively than any local law . As Joe Aubain , executive director of the St. Thomas-St . John Chamber of Commerce , puts it , "  Even if you wanted to go a whole lot faster , you could n't , " he said . E-mail to a friend	U.S. drivers face patchwork of speed limits across the nation Parts of Texas have speed limits of 80 miles per hour Some researchers skeptical of link between accidents , high speeds
Cedar Falls , Iowa  CNN  As aides politely tried to rush Ted Cruz from an event in Cedar Falls to one in Cedar Rapids , Iowa , on Thursday , the presidential candidate continued shaking hands with anyone who wanted to meet him . Finally , after the selfies and conversations started to die down , his aides managed to move him closer to the door when a tall , burly man stopped him . "  Senator , " he said , "  can I pray with you real quick ? " "  Yeah , " Cruz said , as he clasped the man 's upper arm and the two bowed their heads . It was one of the many moments when Cruz connected with voters on a religious level last week , as the senator from Texas hit the trail in Iowa for the first time as a presidential candidate . Being the only official contender in the race , Cruz drew large crowds during his two-day swing across the state . He 's counting on Iowa , known for its vocal and active evangelical base , to propel him forward in what 's expected to be a tough competition among a crowded field of GOP candidates . Cruz , himself , displays a pastoral swagger when he is speaking on stage and working a room . The senator regularly avoids using a podium , instead favoring pacing the stage with a wireless microphone , a scene reminiscent of a Sunday morning sermon . When he meets with people after events , he embraces each one 's hand with both of his , softens his usually theatric tone and looks people square in the eye -- a familiar interaction between churchgoing Christians and their pastors . The past two winners of Iowa 's caucuses rose to victory with support from the Christian right , and Cruz , who announced his bid last month at the well-known Baptist school Liberty University , is aiming to energize that same base and claim the coveted state as his prize . Evangelicals make up a large segment of Iowa 's Republican voter bloc . According to a Des Moines Register/Bloomberg Politics poll from January , 44 % of likely 2016 Republican caucus-goers said they were born-again or evangelical Christians . Cruz has built a brand as a stalwart conservative willing to buck GOP leadership on fiscal issues , but he showed in Iowa last week that he 's also eager to champion social issues at a time when many Republicans are anxious to avoid them . He was one of the loudest defenders of the religious freedom law in Indiana , which came under fire last week for what critics called paving a path to discrimination against gays and lesbians . He described the outrage over the laws as "  shameful " and an "  assault " on First Amendment rights . "  There are a lot of people here in Iowa and across the country whose hearts are breaking , watching what has happened in the last two weeks , " Cruz said Friday night at an event in Des Moines . "  We have seen a grossly unfair vilification of religious liberty . " RELATED : Republican 2016 hopefuls back Indiana 's ` religious freedom ' law He 's more than comfortable talking about his own faith and telling the story of how his father became a Christian and a pastor . Rafael Cruz , who 's become a celebrity among Christian conservatives , will frequently visit Iowa over the next year , Cruz told voters . And Cruz 's Iowa director , Bryan English , is a former pastor . Cruz 's first television ads are appearing this weekend during programs on Fox News and NBC that are pegged to Easter Sunday . In the ad , Cruz talks about the impact of the "  transformative love of Jesus Christ " on his life . While neither Mike Huckabee , who won Iowa in 2008 , nor Rick Santorum , who won in 2012 , went on to win the nomination , their successes helped launch them into high-profile battles with the then-front-runners . And with both of them likely running again in 2016 , the competition will be stiff . That 's why , for Cruz , courting evangelicals is only a component of a three-pronged strategy to win the nomination that also includes dominating the tea party faction and competing for the libertarian base . His stump speech hits on elements that appeal to each faction . He received standing ovations last week for calling to abolish the IRS , and , in a knock against the National Security Agency , he frequently tells audiences to leave their cell phones on so President Obama "  can hear every word I have to say . " Cruz argued Thursday that the Republican Party needs to bridge the gap between what he described as the Ron Paul-Rand Paul faction of the party -- young libertarian-minded voters -- and the Santorum base -- evangelicals . The two blocs , he said , are "  not necessarily the best of chums . " "  If we 're going to win , we 've got to bring that coalition together , " he said in Cedar Falls . "  And I think we can do that . " Cruz frequently says he wants to see a return of the evangelical vote to 2004 levels , when more than six in 10 evangelicals voted in the presidential election , a higher than normal turnout for the demographic . That number has waned slightly since 2004 -- but it 's not too far off from the 56 % of the overall population that voted in 2012 . Still , his campaign believes that if it can tap into the group of evangelicals who 've been staying home and get the demographic as a whole to overperform , then that could mean the difference of millions more at the polls . "  If you look at available places for the party to expand the vote , it does n't exist in the middle , it exists in the evangelical vote , " said Rick Tyler , a top Cruz adviser . "  It is n't a pond , it 's an unfished ocean of available voters who are conservative . " Russell Moore , president of the Ethics & Religious Liberty Commission of the Southern Baptist Convention , said he expects to see record turnout among evangelicals in 2016 no matter who the nominee is or what that person says . Moore points to hot-button topics like religious freedom issues in the U.S. , as well as increased attention to the killing of minority Christians in the Middle East and rising anti-Semitism . "  I do n't think a candidate is going to be able to get very far simply by using evangelical lingo or by pointing to his or her personal faith , " Moore said . "  I think a candidate is going to have to explain how he or she would protect religious liberty and would appoint justices and judges who will maintain the common good . " Later in April , voters in Iowa will see the bulk of the GOP field tackle these issues when they take the stage at an event hosted by the Iowa Faith and Freedom Coalition . While the past two winners of the Iowa caucuses -- Santorum and Huckabee -- are likely running for president again , Steve Scheffler , president of the group , argued that the field is wide open in terms of who 's going to win favor among evangelicals . Jeb Bush , while not popular among conservative activists , was known for his staunch anti-abortion record as Florida governor and touts his Catholic faith as a big force behind his policy views . Scott Walker is the son of a pastor . Ben Carson , the former neurosurgeon , rose to fame in conservative circles after criticizing the Obama administration at a national prayer breakfast . And other likely candidates -- from Marco Rubio to Rick Perry to Rand Paul -- have made serious efforts to court the religious right . "  It 's up for grabs . It 's a clean slate regardless of if you 've run before , " Scheffler said . "  Naturally those two  Huckabee and Santorum  have the name recognition and database of people who supported them in the past , but by and large voters are going to say , ` Let me take a good look at all of these candidates . ' "	Ted Cruz has built a brand as a stalwart conservative on fiscal issues But he 's also eager to champion social issues at a time when many Republicans are eager to avoid them Cruz says the GOP needs to unite young libertarian-minded voters and evangelicals
CNN  -- Tar balls believed to be from the undersea gusher in the Gulf of Mexico have reached the shores of Louisiana 's Lake Pontchartrain , a foundation that monitors the watershed reported Monday . The area affected covers a stretch of up to five miles near the city of Slidell , northeast of New Orleans , said Anne Rheams , executive director of the Lake Pontchartrain Basin Foundation . She estimated the amount of oil that has reached the lake at less than 100 barrels , with no hydrocarbon smell . "  They are about the size of a silver dollar , maybe a little bigger , kind of dispersed in long intervals . It 's not as dense as it could be , so we 're thankful for that , " Rheams said . Cleanup crews had collected more than a half-ton of the tar balls -- 1,020 pounds -- by Monday evening , and the oil will be tested to confirm it came from the undersea well that has been spewing into the Gulf since April , the Joint Information Center in Houma said Monday night . But Rheams told CNN , "  They 've got to be from the spill . " Tar balls had previously been spotted in Rigolets Pass , which connects the lake with Mississippi Sound . Officials in Orleans and St. Tammany parishes have been using heavy booms , barges and skimmers to defend Pontchartrain since the early days of the disaster , but Rheams said high waves and strong easterly and southeasterly winds have complicated the effort . "  The main thing is that they are an indicator that it could be coming more so this way , " she said . State officials have closed a swath of the southern part of the 630-square-mile lake to fishing following the discovery , but there was no sign of impact to wildlife as of Monday , Rheams said . The Coast Guard reported Sunday that a shift in weather patterns could send more oil toward sensitive shores in Mississippi and Louisiana , and bad weather over the past few days has significantly hampered cleanup efforts . Rheams said that pattern was expected to persist for at least three more days . Federal officials have estimated that between 35,000 and 60,000 barrels  1.5 million to 2.5 million gallons  of oil have been spewing into the Gulf daily since April 20 , when the drilling rig Deepwater Horizon exploded and sank in about 40 miles off the Louisiana coast . Efforts to plug the gusher have so far failed , and oil from the spill has been reported as far east as the central Florida Panhandle .	Dispersed , weathered oil reaches Lake Pontchartrain Tar balls described as "  about the size of a silver dollar " Part of Pontchartrain closed to fishing High waves , southeast winds hinder containment
CNN  -- A video apparently showing a young woman throwing live puppies into a river has sparked outrage across the Internet . And now it has also led to an animal rights group offering a bounty for the arrest of the people behind it . People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals has offered a reward for information leading to the capture and arrest of the people behind what it calls a "  heinous act " of cruelty . "  Animal abusers are cowards , " PETA Manager Martin Mersereau said in a news release announcing the $ 2,000 reward . "  They take their issues out on the most defenseless beings available to them . " In the video , a girl in a red hooded sweatshirt is seen throwing at least six puppies into a fast-moving river . She appears to speak Croatian , while repeatedly picking live animals from a bucket and throwing the squealing puppies into the water . It 's not clear what eventually happened to them . CNN could not independently verify the authenticity of the video . The tape was originally posted on YouTube , but was quickly pulled down . It is still widely available online and has gone viral , with sites such as LiveLeak.com registering more than 1.3 million views of the footage . Watch video on LiveLeak.com Web users have banded together on sites like 4chan . org to help identify the woman and the off-camera man who filmed it . PETA says that clues in the video and the original post indicate that it may have been filmed near the Vrbas River in Bosnia-Herzegovina . A facebook page dedicated to helping track them down had more than 7,000 people sign up since the video was posted Monday . Users of the 4chan . org site have been in the news recently for identifying the person behind a similar incident involving a British woman caught on a security camera throwing a cat in a trash can last week .	A young woman is filmed throwing at least six squealing puppies into the water "  Animal abusers are cowards , " PETA says Group offers reward for information leading to an arrest
CNN  -- Harry Carey Jr. worked in the golden era of Western movies , rubbing elbows -- or chaps -- with many of the the genre 's legends , including actors John Wayne and Ben Johnson and directors John Ford and Howard Hawks . The red-haired character actor , who appeared in about 100 films , died Thursday at 91 , his website said Carey , whose parents were actors , made 10 films with Wayne , including "  Red River , " "  The Searchers " and "  Cahill U.S. Marshall , " according to a Hollywood Walk of Fame biography . Other films included "  Gentlemen Prefer Blondes , " "  Rio Bravo " and "  3 Godfathers . " The California native served in the U.S. Navy in World War II and tried his hand at singing before moving to acting , according to the Internet Movie Database . In addition to his wealth of film appearances , Carey appeared on nearly 100 television programs , including "  The Adventures of Spin and Marty . " Carey was inducted into the "  Hall of Great Western Performers " at the National Cowboy & Heritage Museum in 2003 . People we 've lost in 2012 : The lives they lived	Harry Carey Jr. appeared in nearly 100 films , many of them Westerns He played alongside John Wayne in 10 films , including "  Red River " and "  The Searchers " A World War II Navy veteran , he tried his hand at singing before becoming an actor
CNN  -- Dear Old Dad -- his special day is coming this weekend . And so in honor of Father 's Day , here are some pearls of wisdom our readers got from their dads and shared with us . The advice commenters posted ranged from money , cars , jobs all the way to hope and integrity . Below is a sampling . "  My Dad would say , "  You got ta have it here "  pointing at his head  , "  here "  pointing to his bicep  , "  and here "  pointing to his heart  , " says a reader who signed his name as DaLuchie . "  The best advice my father gave me : ` Remember , before doing anything in life , if what you do/say can not be printed on the headlines of every magazine on the planet , you probably should n't do it . ' I have to say , it certainly keeps one honest , " AlwaysFrugal recalls . Father 's Day card you ca n't find "  There are only two things in the world that no one can ever take away from you : Your knowledge and your integrity . You can choose not to learn and you can choose to compromise your integrity , but no one can take either of them from you once you have them , " Oiler41 says his dad told him . "  One best friend is better than 10 casual friends , " reader NOYBB says his dad told him . "  People are like sheep . They do n't stop to think about what they 're doing ... they just follow whatever anybody else is doing . Do n't be like that . THINK about what you 're doing , " XLGX says of his his dad 's warning against going along with a crowd . "  My dad taught me to be a self-reliant adult . When I first started living away from home  college  , I distinctly remember my peers marveling at how I just knew how to ` do ' a lot of things . Fix a computer , fix a car , juggle , cook , use logic to solve problems , read a topo map , write coherently , back a trailer ... the list goes on and on , " recalls Mtnway . "  My dad taught me how to FIX ANYTHING ! Service the car . Rebuild a lawn mower engine or transmission ! Fix the washing machine or the dryer ! Basically , taught me everything important to be able to do myself -- and invest in the BEST TOOLS , because your job is only as good as the tools you use . I have a wonderful garage full of awesome tools today . I did my own addition on my house ; built my own deck ; re-roofed my own house ; a literal jack of all trades ! Knowing all he taught me has saved me countless 1000 's of dollars over the years ! " IAtroutGuide says . More involved dads , but more not living with kids "  My Dad always said , ` Nothing 's hard once you know how to do it . ' I 've often thought of that through the years and it always made sense , " Jewishmama writes . Money "  Money wo n't buy you happiness . It just gives you options , and options can sometimes be nice , but they wo n't make you happy , " was the prescription for life that MD1JD got from his doctor daddy . The physician also told his son : "  Do n't spend so much money buying a car before you own a garage  home  . If you do , you may one day find yourself sleeping in your car . " "  When your outgo exceeds your income , then your upkeep becomes your downfall , " Malangst 's father cautioned . "  It 's just as easy to fall in love with a rich girl as it is to fall in love with a poor one , " Not4Nothin 's dad said of romance . Luxury gifts for Father 's Day ` Make sure you always have good credit . ' " He told me that one night all serious when I was 16 when I thought he was sitting me down to give me the abstinence talk , " remembers a surprised Newportmama . Romance "  Watch how a man treats a waitress or waiter and his parents . Take a cue from that . Also : do n't date a man who smokes , drinks a lot , swears or talks dirty and gambles , " Sallyforth88 remembers her dad saying . "  Fix what is broken when you see it . Always keep a happy home , " is what buildmypc 's dad told him . Aalex9386 was told by his dad to "  treat your women right . " "  When I got married , my dad hugged me and said "  Do n't ever go to bed mad at each other . " That was 4 children , 4 grandchildren , and 37 great years with the same wonderful wife ago , " Markfromark remembers . "  Keep your mouth shut and your junk in your pants , " was Turtle995 's advice from his dad . Also , "  Do n't marry a pretty woman . " "  Stay away from women ! They 'll ruin your life . You 're not you anymore . You become them . All the time you thought you 're the head of the house , but they 're the ones that turns your neck , " Texaswed recalls of the warning he got from his father . Top 10 worst fictional fathers Cars "  Drive as if everyone else on the road is crazy , " the father of NJNCPS warned . "  If one of your headlights goes out , replace it as soon as possible because the remaining headlight will probably burn out soon . You do n't want to be stuck at night with no headlights ! " Sallyforth88 recalls her dad telling her . Jobs Dads also offered some career advice to their kids . "  Work so you can live , do n't live so you can work , " MD1JD recalls being told . "  Go out and get a job . At least find out what you do n't want to do , " NJNCPS remembers . ` No job is beneath you , ' says dad "  He also told all three of his daughters to learn a skill  typing/shorthand  or get a degree so we would n't be dependent on a man . He said , ` You never know how life will turn out and you need to be able to support yourself and possibly your family . I want to know that you can do both on your own ... and by the way , only marry someone who will provide for you like I did or better , ' " PER70 recalls . And once you have a job , Alwaysrite9 says his dad told him , "  Never go over your boss 's head and when you take a complaint to your boss , always have a solution to offer . " "  My dad is now 88 years old and he is not as sharp as he used to be . But I sat down to tell him a month ago that the best gift that he ever gave me was the gift that I could improve my lot in life and that I did not need to depend on anyone to do it . I am so glad that I could tell him what he meant to me before he passes away , " Osobien writes . "  I lost my dad in 1996 , but he 's still with me in spirit every day . He told me to choose a career that I really enjoyed as I would have to go to work every day , so I better like it , " Bellanotte03 says . Good times and bad "  My father always said , ` Thank You can never be said too often , or too loudly , ' " according to a commenter who signed in as Guest . "  If this is the worst thing that 's ever happened to you in your life , you are very lucky ! " MD1JD remembers being told when he was down in the dumps . "  Anything that seemed unbearable , too difficult to handle or to accept , my dad would remind me that ` This , too , shall pass , ' " RAM05 recalls . "  You are young , You will have 500 million other opportunities , " HearADC says his dad told him . "  Asking me to help him around the house , teaching me stuff he knew how to do , encouraging my curiosity with his own , telling stories about mistakes he has made in life , letting me be my own man and make my own mistakes while offering subtle guidance . I guess it really is the little things in life that are important . Sad part is later in life he acted like he was n't a great father , but in reality I do n't think a man could have asked for more , " TheSenator writes . Hamonastick also appreciates the way his father lived his own life . "  His example has been the greatest advice for me . Through all my parents ' adversity , he is incredibly positive and optimistic . Its amazing to me how much that helps you get through tough times . " And Michizzle sums it up for many : "  Wow ... after thinking this through , I 've realized that my dad has given me some of the best advice I could ask for . The list of wisdom he 's shared is too long to ramble on about so I 'll just say , thanks Dad , for everything . "	Readers share advice their dads gave them on love , money and jobs "  Money wo n't buy you happiness . It just gives you options . . " said one dad "  You are young , You will have 500 million other opportunities " "  Watch how a man treats a waitress or waiter and his parents . Take a cue from that "
CNN  -- A task force of European Union finance ministers was meeting in Brussels Friday to discuss proposed tougher measures intended to prevent another regional crisis on the scale of Greece 's economic meltdown . The meeting comes as Germany 's parliament voted in favor of a near-trillion dollar eurozone rescue package after German Chancellor Angela Merkel warned that the future of the common currency was in danger . "  If the euro fails , then Europe too will fail . But if we manage to avert the danger , the euro and Europe will emerge stronger than before , " Merkel told lawmakers earlier this week to justify the $ 750 billion rescue package . Both houses of the German parliament approved the package on Friday although its passage through the lower house was backed by just 319 out of 622 lawmakers with 195 abstaining and 73 voting against a measure seen by some as a bailout for other countries at Germany 's expense . On Thursday French President Nicolas Sarkozy denied reports of a rift between Paris and Berlin after Germany 's unilateral ban imposed earlier this week on the naked short selling of eurozone sovereign debt instruments . Q&A : What is ` naked short-selling ' ? Following talks with Merkel and new British Prime Minister David Cameron in Paris , Sarkozy said the eurozone 's two biggest economies were doing everything possible to work in harmony . "  I told Angela Merkel ... that we can not have disagreements between Germany and France about subjects of this importance , " Sarkozy said . "  We do everything so that we do n't have disagreements together . That 's why we talk together . " Fears over Europe 's economic stability have triggered markets selloffs in recent days . New York 's Dow Jones industrial average  INDU  fell 376 points on Thursday in its biggest one-day point loss since February 10 , 2009 . Thursday 's point loss was equivalent to 3.6 % , the biggest one-day percentage loss since March 5 of 2009 . New York markets were mostly flat on Friday with the Dow marginally down . Asian markets followed Wall Street 's lead earlier Friday with Tokyo 's Nikkei down almost 250 points , or 2.45 percent , at 9,785 . European stocks , already down heavily for the week , sank lower in afternoon trading with London 's FTSE 100 falling below 5,000 points , before recovering a little , down 0.6 percent at 5,041 . Friday 's meeting in Brussels has been called by EU President Herman Van Rompuy with the goal of delivering "  economic governance " reform across the 27-state economic and political bloc by October . "  The recent crises and the risk for the stability of the euro area have underlined the interdependence among EU economies and exposed the vulnerability of Member States , in particular inside the euro area , " the European Commission said in a memo on Thursday . "  Fiscal discipline , competitiveness gaps and private sector imbalances are also a matter for the EU as a whole . This is why there is a need for economic policy coordination across the EU . "	German parliament votes to approve its share of $ 750B eurozone bailout Task force of finance ministers to discuss economic governance reform Eurozone fears have triggered mass selloff in global markets Nicolas Sarkozy denies reports of rift between Paris , Berlin
Caracas , Venezuela  CNN  -- The sounds of clanking pots and pans and bursting fireworks rang out in Caracas on Tuesday night as tensions mounted over Venezuela 's tight election results . It was a clear sign that days after Sunday 's presidential vote , fierce political battles are far from over in the deeply divided country . Supporters of opposition candidate Henrique Capriles Radonski banged pots and pans to protest the government 's refusal to recount the votes , while supporters of President-elect Nicolas Maduro set off fireworks to celebrate his victory and drown out the noise . Maduro , former President Hugo Chavez 's handpicked successor , is scheduled to be sworn in on Friday . Election authorities proclaimed him president-elect on Monday despite Capriles ' demand for a recount . On Tuesday , Venezuela 's top prosecutor said at least seven people had been killed and 61 had been injured in post-election violence across the country . And the state-run AVN news agency reported that authorities had arrested 135 people in connection with political violence . The government news agency tied the deaths to opposition protests and said the victims were all followers of Maduro . Government health clinics , food distribution centers , a bank and a preschool program were the targets of violence , officials said . CNN could not independently confirm the government reports of violence , and it was unknown whether there were any opposition injuries or fatalities . Maduro secured 50.8 % of votes in Sunday 's election , while opposition candidate Capriles won 49 % , Venezuela 's National Electoral Council said . Since the tally was announced , both Capriles and Maduro have publicly urged supporters to remain peaceful while also accusing each other of inciting violence . The issue of post-election clashes swiftly became a flashpoint for a new round of political sparring Tuesday , as Capriles repeated his calls for a recount and Maduro vowed to use an iron fist to crack down on any attempts to unseat him from the presidency . Speaking to reporters Tuesday , Capriles presented a list of alleged election violations that he said impacted hundreds of thousands of Venezuelans , including problems with voting machines , inconsistencies in tallies reported by voting centers and reports that opposition witnesses were forced out of hundreds of polls . "  The right to demand the counting of votes in a country where there is democracy ... can not be a crime , " he told CNN en EspaÃ ± ol in an exclusive interview Tuesday night . Capriles called off plans to protest at the central office of Venezuela 's election authority in Caracas on Wednesday , saying the government had planned to infiltrate their ranks and provoke violence . Anyone who takes to the streets Wednesday , he said , is not affiliated with his campaign . "  The government wants there to be deaths in the country , " he said , accusing authorities of using violence to distract from his push for a recount . "  We are not going to step into that trap , " Capriles told CNN en EspaÃ ± ol . Hours before the protest was canceled , Maduro had said the planned opposition protest in Caracas was illegal and accused opposition leaders of a plot to massacre their own people and later blame the government . Maduro has not responded to CNN 's interview requests . In nationally televised remarks Tuesday , he accused the U.S. Embassy of fueling opposition violence . "  The U.S. Embassy is the one who has financed and directed all the acts of violence in this country . It has financed these neo-Nazi groups , " he said . The U.S. State Department did not immediately respond to Maduro 's accusation , but last month a spokeswoman said "  the United States categorically rejects allegations of any U.S. government involvement in any plots to destabilize the Venezuelan government or to harm anyone in Venezuela . " If violence surges , Maduro said he would not hold back from taking action . "  If they continue with the violence , " he said , "  what we can do is radicalize this revolution . " As heated public comments from Maduro and Capriles filled the airwaves , sharp accusations surged in social media . In a series of Twitter posts Tuesday , a top official in Maduro 's United Socialist Party of Venezuela blamed Capriles for the violence and called for a criminal investigation of the opposition candidate . "  Fascist Capriles , I will personally see that you pay for all of the damage that you 're doing to our homeland and our people , " said Diosdado Cabello , president of Venezuela 's National Assembly . "  They chased after doctors , burned dwellings , you caused all of this , Capriles , you irresponsible one . " Another congressman , Pedro Carreno , said in a Twitter post that authorities should arrest Capriles . A spokesman for Carreno 's office told CNN that the congressman planned to call for a debate on the issue in the National Assembly Tuesday . Andres Izarra , a top official for Maduro 's campaign , said in a Twitter post that Capriles should be imprisoned . As the National Assembly met Tuesday , Cabello told lawmakers that he would only recognize those who recognize Maduro as president . "  If you do not recognize the president , I do not recognize you as congressmen , " he said , "  because you were elected by the same  system  . " Analysis : Why Venezuela is so divided ? CNN 's Paula Newton reported from Caracas . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet wrote the story in Atlanta . CNN 's Fernando del Rincon , Jose Armijo and journalist Osmary Hernandez contributed to this report .	Capriles : "  The right to demand the counting of votes ... can not be a crime " Protesters bang pots and pans in a continued push for a recount 7 people have died in post-election protests , state news agency reports Maduro : "  If they continue with the violence , we can radicalize this revolution "
CNN  Pope Francis donned a slicker to conduct an outdoor Mass for hundreds of thousands who gathered Saturday morning in the Philippines despite stormy weather . The Mass in Tacloban was shortened because of an approaching typhoon that had sustained winds of 80 mph and higher gusts . A throng gathered at the Tacloban airport to greet the Pope when he arrived at about 9 a.m. local time  8 p.m. ET . The Mass began nearby about half an hour after he landed . Wind rustled the hood on the pontiff 's slicker as he spoke to a crowd clad in raincoats . Tacloban is still recovering from the 2013 disaster of Super Typhoon Haiyan , described as perhaps the strongest storm ever recorded with 195 mph sustained winds that killed 6,300 people nationwide . Typhoon Mekkhala was upgraded from a tropical storm and should make landfall in the Philippines at about noon , about an hour after the Mass concluded , just northeast of Tacloban , said CNN meteorologist Sean Morris . The forecast track has shifted slightly northward with the center of the storm expected to pass north of Tacloban . Another typhoon was headed for the same general area in the Philippines early Saturday , the Joint Typhoon Warning Center said . Typhoon Mekkhala , which is called Typhoon Amang in the Philippines , was arriving on the island of eastern Samar -- a site about 50 miles from where the Pope was in Tacloban . Just two weeks ago , a tropical storm struck Tacloban and surrounding area , causing a commercial passenger plane to slide off the runway while landing at the Tacloban airport , CNN meteorologist Brandon Miller said . Tropical Storm Jiangmi , renamed Seniang in the Philippines , killed 54 people in landslides and flash floods in that region , CNN affiliate ABS-CBN reported . During the Pope 's visit to Tacloban , he will have lunch with survivors of the 2013 Typhoon Haiyan , renamed Typhoon Yolanda in that country . That typhoon displaced 918,000 families nationwide , the government says . Francis is also to bless the Pope Francis Centre for the Poor and will meet with clergy and more typhoon survivors in the cathedral in Palo . The Pope is expected to fly out of Tacloban at 5 p.m. Saturday  4 a.m. Saturday ET  . "  At that point , they 're still in the teeth of the storm . So not only is getting in a challenge , but also getting out , " Miller said . The Pontiff is also scheduled to perform an outdoor Mass in Manila on Sunday before millions of Filipinos , Miller said . By then , the storm should weaken to a tropical depression , and its center should be about 109 miles south of the Pope , Miller said . Still , the storm is capable of delivering its heaviest rainfall at that distance , and Manila could face gusty winds and significant rain during the Mass , Miller added . The Pope 's trip to Asian isles began Tuesday in Sri Lanka , and he landed in the Philippines on Friday . On Friday , Francis met with President Benigno Aquino , and the Pontiff urged the political leader to reject corruption and promote "  honesty , integrity and commitment to the common good , " the Vatican said . He also spoke of "  the moral imperative of ensuring social justice and respect for human dignity , " according to a copy of his remarks provided by the Vatican . "  Here in the Philippines , countless families are still suffering from the effects of natural disasters . The economic situation has caused families to be separated by migration and the search for employment , and financial problems strain many households . While all too many people live in dire poverty , others are caught up in materialism and lifestyles which are destructive of family life and the most basic demands of Christian morality , " the Pope said in other remarks . The Pope will end his tour Monday , when he will leave Manila for Rome .	Pope Francis celebrates outdoor Mass in stormy weather Typhoon Mekkhala could also make another Mass , on Sunday , a wet , windy service in Manila Francis to meet with survivors of 2013 's Super Typhoon Haiyan
Washington  CNN  -- The Pentagon moved closer Wednesday to its next military trial on the U.S. Navy base at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , for the suspected ringleader of the deadly bombing of the USS Cole . Saudi-born former millionaire Abd al Rahim al-Nashiri is charged with the 2000 bombing in the Yemeni port of Aden that killed 17 sailors , wounded dozens and crippled the warship . The "  referral of charges " by the Defense Department Military Commissions unit sets in motion a chain of events that will lead to the appointment of a military officer as the trial judge in the case and a meeting of the judge , prosecutors and defense lawyers in coming weeks . The arraignment will take place within 30 days . A statement from the Defense Department said the charges against al-Nashiri allege that he was in charge of planning the attack , which took place October 12 , 2000 . "  The convening authority referred the charges to a capital military commission , meaning that if convicted , al-Nashiri could be sentenced to death , " the Defense Department statement said . The news release also mentions charges against al-Nashiri related to an attempted attack on the USS The Sullivans in Yemen in January 2000 and an attack on a French tanker in 2002 that resulted in the death of one crew member . One of al-Nashiri 's civilian defense lawyers said his legal team was disappointed in the government action . "  We are disappointed the United States will now descend further down the path of expedient and secret justice that military commissions have come to represent , " Rick Kammen said in an e-mail . "  We 're not talking about a constitutionally adequate trial , and we are disappointed that the U. S. government will use the constitutionally inadequate military commissions process to seek the death penalty against Mr. al-Nashiri , " Kammen wrote . He added that the decision to move forward with the case "  regrettably confirms to the world that the United States intends to render second-class justice to the men imprisoned in Guantanamo . " Earlier , lawyers for al-Nashiri argued that his waterboarding and other mistreatment while in U.S. custody and delays in his case should have forced the government to drop any plans for a military trial that could end in a death sentence . "  By torturing Mr. al-Nashiri and subjecting him to cruel , inhumane and degrading treatment , the United States has forfeited its right to try him and certainly to kill him , " the brief said . "  Through the infliction of physical and psychological abuse , the government has essentially already killed the man it seized almost 10 years ago . " Al-Nashiri 's legal team , comprising military and civilian lawyers , made the arguments to the "  convening authority " of the military court , retired Vice Adm. Bruce MacDonald . The commission was brought into existence by President George W. Bush and overhauled by President Barack Obama . In legal papers obtained by CNN , al-Nashiri 's lawyers presented details of their client 's treatment , saying that , in addition to subjecting their client to waterboarding , his questioners revved a power drill by his ear and chambered a round in a handgun , all while he was naked and hooded . "  The government has admitted to waterboarding Mr. al-Nashiri and subjecting him to verbal and physical threats to his life and threats to the safety of his family , " the brief says . "  Both set of acts constitute torture . " If it goes to trial , the case will be the first full prosecution under the military commission system . It is seen as the latest fine-tuning of the system before the military commission moves ahead with prosecution of other terrorist suspects , especially the four men accused of plotting the September 11 attacks . The American Civil Liberties Union issued a news release restating its "  concerns about the inherent unfairness of the military commissions . " "  Unlike federal courts , military commissions have unfairly lax rules for allowing evidence , except when it comes to torture -- the commissions may admit coerced testimony , while evidence of the torture that produced it can be censored , " said Denny LeBoeuf , director of the ACLU Capital Punishment Project . This latest step for the Guantanamo detainee comes as the new chief prosecutor for military commissions , Army Brig. Gen. Mark Martins , is taking over . Martins was first in his class at West Point , was a Rhodes Scholar at Oxford and graduated magna cum laude from Harvard Law . He will have the chance to put his stamp on the job amid renewed scrutiny of both the military trials and the Guantanamo Navy Base detention facilities . In a recent Weekly Standard profile , Martins is portrayed as the man the administration hopes will bring new credibility and legitimacy to the system . He has powerful friends , including his former commander , Gen. David Petraeus , now CIA director . Petraeus gave Martins the job of cleaning up the military detention and interrogation system in Afghanistan , and Martins delivered . In an effort to polish the reputation of the military commission system , both inside the United States and internationally , Martins may push for greater transparency of the process . He could roll out a plan the Pentagon has been working on for months to provide closed-circuit television transmissions of the military proceedings to victims , families and journalists in the United States . There would be a "  kill " switch in the control room to wipe out the audio in case any national security secrets were blurted out in the courtroom . Al-Nashiri is one of 171 detainees remaining at Guantanamo .	The man suspect of being behind the attack on the USS Cole will go on trial The formal "  referral of charges " is the first step in the military commission process His attorneys and the ACLU criticize the decision to use a military commission
CNN  -- Carefully maneuvering around a jumble of slippery rocks , Josephat Torner slowly steps inside a cluster of dark caves in northeast Tanzania . Ahead of him , leading the trail with an air of assurance , walks a local witchdoctor . Aided by a couple of artificial lights , the two figures venture deeper into the darkness , running their hands along the cavern 's limestone walls for guidance . Bats meandering above their heads , the men enter a vast cave chamber dotted with a handful of rocks . "  What I want to know is , " Torner breaks the silence , " have you ever seen anyone pray for something evil down here ? " he asks the witchdoctor . "  So they can get hold of someone ? Like an albino ? " An albino himself , Torner has been traveling around Tanzania to debunk the widespread misconceptions about the congenital disorder . Dozens of albinos have been mutilated and slaughtered in the country in recent years , because of rumors being spread that their body parts can bring wealth and good luck . Read this : Witchcraft in Tanzania To stop the atrocities , Torner thought he needed to confront the group he believed was the source of these rumors : witchdoctors . And that 's what brought him to the depths of this cave , face to face with his "  enemy . " "  We call you a spirit because a white person like you is the devil , " readily admits the witchdoctor . "  You 're saying I 'm a white demon ? " Torner hits back , "  we are demons ? " The reply : "  Yes , because you 're white . " ` In the Shadow of the Sun ' This dramatic confrontation is one of the most intense moments captured in a new documentary , called "  In the Shadow of the Sun . " The independent film , shot by director Harry Freeland , chronicles the life story of Torner and his fight for acceptance of albinos in a country where little is known about the genetic disorder . "  My heart always is still looking the recognition of people with albinism in this world , " says Torner , who 's been an advocate for albino rights since 2004 . "  Just to recognize that we are here . " Torner and Freeland spent six years creating the film . The director 's inspiration to make a documentary on albinism came nearly a decade ago , when he had one of his first encounters with someone with the disorder in Senegal . "  A woman approached me in the street , held out her child and said ` here , take it back , where it comes from , " remembers Freeland . "  She had a child with albinism and because I 'm white , she thought the child belonged to me in some way -- her husband had left her for having a white child and accused her of sleeping with a white man . " Leading man People with albinism are born with genes that do not make the normal amounts of the pigment called melanin . Those born with the disorder , which affects people from all races , inherited the genes from their parents who may or may not have any of the associated traits . But many people do n't understand the effects of the condition and as Freeland discovered , in parts of Africa albinos often suffer social stigma , prejudice and even attacks . Read this : Slave trade ghost town Keen to make a film documenting the plight of this group of people , Freeland headed to Tanzania , the country reported to have one of the biggest albino populations in the world . There , he came across many amazing stories , but he did n't find his leading man until he met Torner . "  I just heard him speak and instantly , I just knew he was the one to lead the film , " says Freeland . "  I think so many stories that come out of Africa are negative , and everything about Josephat is positive . " Despite growing up with a disorder that left his skin and hair pale , as well as his strength and eye sight weak , Torner has succeeded in making the best of his situation . Over the years , he 's overcome struggles and discrimination to receive an education and get married . A father of two , Torner ' has even climbed Africa 's tallest mountain , Kilimanjaro , to prove that albinos can achieve greatness . "  It was really very difficult to climb , " he admits . "  But I was climbing because at that time I had an agenda behind for what is happening to this world , " he adds . "  We are killed , we are hunted , we are chopped . So I climbed with a special message ... to the African countries : that we are able . But -LSB- also -RSB- protect us , give us a chance , do n't stigmatize , do n't isolate , do n't hide us to the darkness room -- just open the way . " ` Why are they killing us ? ' In 2009 , the Tanzanian government embarked on a campaign against the killers of albinos , particularly in the Lake Victoria region . Freeland says at the heart of the problem are witch doctors making claims that albino body parts can bring wealth . "  In Tanzania , there 's been 72 reported people with albinism killed over the last five years , " says Freeland , noting that the actual number could be higher . "  And there 's been 34 people left mutilated that have survived attacks . " Some of the victims were people Torner used to know . "  I was angry , " says Torner , recalling the moments following his confrontation with the witchdoctor . "  He answered it to me directly , without even trying to hide anything . So I was angry , of course , because I remember my brothers and sisters whom I lost , because I will not see them forever and while he 's there he 's continually surviving , " he adds . "  So , you ask yourself , ` what 's the problem ? Why are they killing us ? Why are they hunting us ? ' " Torner realizes he may never get a suitable answer to those questions . Yet , this does n't stop him from doing all he can to bring attention to his message of creating a more inclusive society . He hopes that his community work and the documentary focusing on his efforts , coupled with the outreach from other organizations and the government , will eventually make Tanzania a place where albinos are n't forced to stay in the shadows . "  It 's my dream in my life that people with albinism are respected and given all rights which other human beings are being given , " he says . "  This is what is in my heart -- when I would see justice to people with albinism ; when I would see the lifespan of people with albinism is increasing , this is still a dream to my life . "	In recent years , there 's been an increase in the deaths of albinos in Tanzania At the heart of the problem , are rumors that albinos ' body parts can bring wealth and good luck Josephat Torner has been spreading awareness about albinism in Tanzania His efforts have been captured in the documentary "  In the Shadow of the Sun "
CNN  -- In the face of several tough upcoming Senate races , many Democratic candidates have found a multitude of ways to separate themselves from the President 's most recent speech on ISIS . Alaska Sen. Mark Begich said he opposes arming Syrian rebels . "  We must have greater assurance that we are n't arming extremists who will eventually use the weapons against us , " he said . Begich has been working to distance himself from the President on a multitude of issues in a tight Senate race . 5 takeaways from Obama 's speech After the speech , Colorado Sen. Mark Udall challenged the President 's suggestion that he has unilateral authority to expand military operations . He said Obama must receive authorization from Congress to do some of the things outlined in the speech . "  I will not give this president -- or any other president -- a blank check to begin another land war in Iraq , " Udall said in a statement . Udall 's demand that Congress go on the record is contrary to conventional wisdom that campaigning lawmakers do n't want to go on record before a war-weary electorate weeks before an election . But he 's running against a member of Congress , Rep. Cory Gardner , so if Udall has to take a vote , Gardner does too -- and both will be held accountable . After the President spoke , Sen. Jeanne Shaheen of New Hampshire attempted to look tough against the President of the same party . "  I will continue to press the President to use all of the tools at his disposal , short of ground troops , to defeat ISIS , " she said . Shaheen 's challenger , Scott Brown , has been making ISIS and terrorism an issue on the campaign trail in the tightening race . Sen. Kay Hagan of North Carolina took an approach similar to Shaheen 's . "  I pressed the administration to arm and empower moderate Syrian rebels and I am glad that effort will be accelerated . " Hagan presented an image of someone who was standing up to the President , responding to attacks made by her challenger in an upcoming Senate race , Thom Tillis , who has argued that Hagan is a puppet of Obama . Tillis said after Obama 's speech : "  The job of a senator is to stand up to the President when they are wrong , something Sen. Hagan has repeatedly refused to do . " Showdown : Jay Carney , John McCain face off	Alaska Sen. Mark Begich said he opposes arming Syrian rebels Colorado Sen. Mark Udall is challenging the President 's unilateral authority In New Hampshire , Sen. Jeanne Shaheen , tried to look tough against Obama
CNN  -- Northwestern University 's president emeritus said that if the players on its football team are successful at forming a union , he could see the prestigious private institution giving up Division I football . Henry Bienen , speaking last week at the annual conference for the Knight Commission on Intercollegiate Athletics , said , "  If we got into collective bargaining situations , I would not take for granted that the Northwesterns of the world would continue to play Division I sports . " Bienen , who was president of Northwestern from 1995 to 2009 , made his comments during a panel discussion that included a presentation from Ramogi Huma , the president of the National College Players Association and the man who helped organize former Northwestern quarterback Kain Colter to lead a unionization attempt before the National Labor Relations Board . Huma talked , as he has for months , about the issues his organization sees as great flaws in the current NCAA model . The NCPA believes that athletes in the revenue-generating sports of college football and men 's basketball are taken advantage of by universities , conferences and the NCAA , making billions from games , while the players sometimes struggle with basic needs like medical care , concussion testing and guaranteed scholarships . Players make argument for union In March , the NCPA took its fight before the NLRB in Chicago and presented a case during a five-day hearing . Both sides just recently submitted court briefs and a ruling could come by the end of this month , but will likely be appealed by the losing side and could go as far as the U.S. Supreme Court . In short , it could take years before there is a definitive decision . Bienen did n't specifically speak about players being paid , but if the unionization is successful , that would be on the bargaining table , and critics of pay-for-play say they fear that would hurt the academic side of collegiate athletics . Bienen alluded to that when he said a win for the players could lead private institutions with high academic standards -- he specifically cited Duke and Stanford -- to abandon the current model in order to preserve academic integrity . He compared it to the pullback of the Ivy League schools decades ago , when the Ivy League conference decided to opt out of postseason play and to end athletic scholarships , preserving the emphasis on academics for the players . "  In the 1950s , the Ivies had some of the highest-ranked football teams in the country . The Princeton teams were ranked in the top 5 or 10 at that time . They continue periodically to have ranked basketball teams , but they 've given up a certain kind of model of sports , " he said , adding that "  under certain conditions " the same could happen at other private elite universities that "  continue to play big time sports . " Jerry Price , senior associate athletic director at Princeton , said that change for the Ivy League allowed those schools to maintain academic integrity in the sports where , at other schools , academics can often be compromised in the name of the game . "  It was sort of a breaking point moment , " Price said , saying the Ivy League schools made the decision not to move forward like the bigger conferences -- to "  draw the line with the commercialization of what football was becoming . " "  And the results have been that Ivy football is not what it was in the first half of the 20th century , " Price said . "  Certainly not like Big Ten football , SEC football . Its crowds are generally less than 10,000 people . They play only 10 games a year . ... Certainly not what is going on at BCS level . " A Duke spokesman said the university did not have a comment on Bienen 's remarks , and a Stanford spokeswoman told CNN that Stanford is monitoring the unionization attempt and , like Northwestern , considers its athletes to be "  students , first and foremost . " While supportive of the freedom of the athletes to file this petition to unionize , Northwestern officials are fighting the petition , which hinges on whether athletes should be considered employees of the university . During his daylong testimony , ex-Northwestern quarterback Colter talked about time requirements that are year-round , at times 50 hours a week devoted to football . "  We are first and foremost an athlete , " Colter testified . "  Everything we do is scheduled around football . ... It 's truly a job . " Colter said he had to give up his pre-med-related major because he could n't fit the classes into his schedule . The university countered that by bringing in students who were able to stay in rigorous classes , but Colter 's sentiment was echoed by the NCAA itself in a 2012 survey that asked athletes what they would change about their college experience . About 15 % of men 's football , baseball and basketball players said they would have had different majors had they not been athletes . Twelve percent of Division 1 football players said athletics prevented them from majoring in what they wanted . The average time spent on athletics in-season hovered around 40 hours per week for all three sports , according to the survey . That flies in the face of the NCAA 20-hour rule , which states that , no matter the sport , coaches ca n't take up more than 20 hours of their players time . Right before Bienen spoke at the Knight Commission , Big 12 Commissioner Bob Bowlsby called the 20-hour rule "  a joke " and said paperwork is constantly falsified . "  I do n't know in a particular case what was said to Mr. Colter , " Bienen said a few minutes later at the Knight Commission , referring to Colter 's statement that he could n't take certain classes . "  I do know that there were many students at Northwestern and at Rice and at Stanford and at Duke who took , and for that matter at Michigan and at Minnesota who took very exacting courses , have had very distinguished academic careers and balanced being athletes and big-time sports with very exacting academic programs . " If they win at the labor relations board , the athletes at Northwestern would get a seat at the bargaining table and could negotiate for a cut of the billion-dollar revenues . But the most compelling argument they 've made is for continuing medical coverage for injuries that continue after they leave school . Without it , athletes like former Northwestern player Jeff Yarbrough are stuck with the potential for lifelong and crippling pain . Yarbrough was called one of the fastest teens in Illinois when he was recruited to Northwestern in 2003 , but after fracturing both legs on the field , he was left with painful metal rods that are too expensive for him to have removed without help . He 's in so much pain , he can barely run , he said . He 's only 27 years old . "  I 'm like a 45-year-old man . I ca n't move , " he said . Colter walked into the labor hearing with a boot on his foot , just a few weeks out of ankle surgery -- an injury from last season . He testified that Northwestern is disputing how much it should pay for his out-of-pocket expenses . Huma argues that all former athletes should be guaranteed full coverage of injuries from their time playing for their schools . It 's the one area where Bienen seemed to agree . "  I 'm willing to say that there may be extraordinary expenses through injuries on the playing field . I do n't know what other universities do , how long paying or helping pay for those injuries are , but I think that 's an important point and I think there are obligations that universities have here and I would like to have better information . " Athletes file class-action against NCAA	Northwestern 's former president said school could drop Division 1 football if athletes form union Group of college athletes want to get slice of sports revenue , payments for medical care Ivy League school abandoned big-time sports to preserve academic emphasis
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- A top Taliban commander has issued a new threat to foreign aid workers , saying that under the insurgent group 's new "  constitution " they will execute them as spies or hold them in exchange for the release of Taliban fighters . Taliban militants pose with their weapons as they drive their car in Wardak province .  File photo In an exclusive telephone interview Friday night with CNN , Mohammed Ibrahim Hanafi said the Taliban intelligence wing was actively gathering information on foreign aid workers . "  If we get someone , that is how we will deal with it under our new constitution , " he said . He added that he was telling "  Afghan brothers not to work with NGOs . " In the 15-minute interview , arranged by an intermediary for CNN , Hanafi repeated the Taliban 's pledge to keep girls out of public schools . "  Our law is still the same old law which was in place during our rule in Afghanistan , " he said . "  Mullah Mohammad Omar was our leader and he is still our head and leader and so we will follow the same law as before . " "  In my opinion , " he added , "  Taliban are n't allowing girls to go to schools because Taliban want women to preserve their respect by staying in their homes , not to work as laborers for others . " Dozens of crimes across the country , especially acid attacks , have marred the opening of the new school year in Afghanistan . Afghan girls have been burned and scared randomly with acid as punishment for going to school . More than 600 schools did not open this year because of security issues , according to the Afghanistan Education Ministry . Watch what females face in Afghanistan " The schools that did open , however , remain defiant . Young women admitted to CNN being fearful but also said they are determined to get an education and better their lives . It is a sentiment echoed by their principal , a 35-year veteran of Afghanistan 's girls schools . "  I am asking those who close schools and throw acid on girls to let the children of this country go to school because it 's crime to close the schools , a crime against the children of this country , " said Safia Hayat , principal of the Zarghona Girls School in Kabul . Hanafi , meanwhile , went on to discuss possible reconciliation talks with the Afghan government . "  I do n't think there can be any discussion of peace until the the foreigners leave Afghanistan , " he said referring to the presence of coalition troops . While he seemed to confirm that some reconciliation talks were ongoing , Hanafi also said he wondered what kind of peace was possible as long as Afghans are still dying in NATO bombardments . Hanafi described himself as a commander in the southern province of Helmand , but announced a new Taliban offensive in the north was about to begin and that he would be playing a key role there .	Top Taliban commander issues threat to execute foreign aid workers Mohammed Ibrahim Hanafi said intelligence wing was gathering information Hanafi repeated Taliban 's pledge to keep girls out of public schools Commander gave exclusive telephone interview Friday night to CNN
CNN  -- After a typo-related delay , legislation was signed by President Barack Obama Tuesday to end budget-related FAA air traffic controller furloughs that caused widespread travel delays last week . Despite the holdup on the president 's signature , the fix went into effect over the weekend . An "  s " missing from the word "  accounts " was to blame , a congressional source told CNN . The bill gives the FAA permission to move money from other accounts that allows it to stop furloughing controllers . But the way the Senate version of the bill read , it would have limited the source of funds to an "  account . " The Senate bill has since been fixed . The FAA issued a statement Saturday saying that it had suspended all employee furloughs and expected normal operations to resume Sunday evening . In rare bipartisan accord , U.S. lawmakers passed the measure Friday , capping a major congressional initiative as delays snarled traffic at airports . The measure gives the Transportation Department budget planners new flexibility for dealing with forced spending cuts . It also allows authorities to protect 149 control towers at small - and medium-sized airports that are slated for closure for budgetary reasons . Thousands of flight delays were attributed to the furloughs last week . In time for hurricane season : Furloughs in forecast at NOAA U.S. airports do n't stack up with global competitors CNN 's Kevin Bohn and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	President Barack Obama signs bill to end FAA furloughs His signature was delayed by a typo in the bill Despite the delayed signature , the fix went into effect over the weekend Thousands of delays were attributed to the weeklong staffing cuts
CNN  -- Washington and Tehran did n't reach the final nuclear deal they were striving for , but the short-term extension of talks announced Monday should help ensure more progress can be made , both in preventing a nuclear-armed Iran and reducing the chances of yet another war in the Middle East . True , significant gaps remain to be bridged between the United States and Iran , and it is clearer than ever that nuclear diplomacy is not a sprint but a marathon . Yet these negotiations are worth persevering with , not just because we are on the brink of a diplomatic solution to the impasse over Iran 's nuclear program , but also because of the potentially far-reaching impact on stabilizing the Middle East . Remember , Iran has enough power in Syria to reduce the bloodletting -- or to intensify the war . The Islamic State of Iraq and Syria 's recruiting base depends in part on atrocities being committed by the regime of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad to continue to grow . Iran 's unmatched influence over the Assad regime therefore makes it a critical player in negotiating a political solution to Syria 's civil war . As Staffan de Mistura , the U.N. special envoy to Syria , pointed out , "  Iran is an important player and I hope a partner in what should be a political process . " Both of de Mistura 's predecessors , Lakhdar Brahimi and Kofi Annan , as well as U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon have also pressed for Iran 's inclusion in negotiations to end the Syrian civil war . The United States has long insisted that Iran must first sign the Geneva Communique before it is permitted a seat at the table in the Syria negotiations . The Geneva Communique is the preliminary accord calling for a "  transitional governing body " to rule Syria , which was signed at the first international negotiations over Syria 's future . While Tehran has refused this precondition , Iran 's participation in the talks may be the only way to secure even the most limited ceasefire agreement . The transitional governing body called for by the preliminary agreement may never come into being without Iran 's buy-in . Strained relations between the United States and Iran make that buy-in from Tehran nearly impossible . The recent thaw , however , offers hope . The Iran Project recently released a report by more than 30 national security experts concluding that there is "  a strong link between settling the nuclear standoff and America 's ability to play an effective role in a rapidly changing Middle East , and that a nuclear agreement will help unlock the door to new options . " The bipartisan signatories include two former U.S. ambassadors to Israel , Thomas Pickering and Dan Kurtzer , as well as pre-eminent national security advisers Brent Scowcroft and Zbigniew Brzezinski . The nuclear deal could help unlock the door to a political solution to the Syrian civil war , a prospect raised in the report . The authors rightly noted , for example , that "  the inclusion of Iran would be a crucial addition that would increase the possibility of success " to relieve the immediate humanitarian crisis and develop a long-term political solution for Syria 's future . Indeed , the report went as far as to say that , because Iran is so influential in the Syrian civil war , "  another international meeting would be fruitless " if talks do n't include Iran as well as the Syrian government . So long as Iran is part of the problem in Syria , engagement with Tehran has to be part of a solution . That is not to say that engaging Tehran to address the Syrian crises will be a quick fix for the brutality of either ISIS or the Syrian regime . Iranian hard-liners in high places are intent on providing a military lifeline to the Assad regime . The power struggle between the hard-line Revolutionary Guards and Iranian President Hassan Rouhani 's more moderate faction is alive and well -- and the hard-liners currently control Iran 's Syria policy . Finally , a nuclear accord may also help tip the balance in internal Iranian politics , with a breakthrough likely to shore up Rouhani 's pro-engagement platform , providing a greater incentive for the supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , to relinquish some control of Iran 's foreign policy to Rouhani 's more moderate camp . Ultimately , there is far more at stake in the ongoing talks with Iran than just the crucial nuclear issues being discussed . ISIS thrives on slaughter in Syria , but a political solution for the war-ravaged country has so far proven elusive . A final accord to rein in Iran 's nuclear program could bring diplomatic options to stabilize the Middle East that were never previously on the table .	Jim McDermott and Kate Gould : Diplomacy in Iran nuclear talks a sprint , not a marathon Breakthrough could help stabilize the Middle East , authors say Progress on deal also could reduce bloodletting in Syria , they write
On Sunday , Jerad and Amanda Miller , a married couple , allegedly killed two police officers in an ambush at a Las Vegas pizza restaurant and then murdered another person in an adjacent Walmart . During the attack , the couple reportedly stated that their attack was part of a "  revolution , " according to Second Assistant Sheriff Kevin McMahill . The Millers appear to have been motivated by extreme far-right views . The couple left a flag at the scene of the crime with the words "  Do n't Tread on Me , " a Revolutionary War symbol used by some anti-government extremists . They also left a swastika at the scene , though McMahill cautioned to reporters , "  We do n't necessary believe that they are white supremacists or associated with the Nazi movement . We believe that they equate government and law enforcement ... with Nazis . " McMahill added an assessment of the Millers ' ideological roots saying , "  There is no doubt that the suspects have some apparent ideology that 's along the lines of militia and white supremacists . " McMahill also confirmed that Jerad Miller had written on his Facebook page that he had been ejected from the Bundy Ranch , the Nevada site where armed ranchers as well some with anti-government militia ties held off federal officials at gunpoint in April . However , McMahill was not able to confirm Miller 's actual presence at the ranch .  Cliven Bundy 's son Ammon said that "  state militia members " told him the Millers had been at the ranch , but were asked by a militia member to leave because of "  their radical beliefs . " The attack in Vegas is far from the only incident of violence by the American far right . According to data collected by the New America Foundation , right-wing extremists have killed 37 people in 16 violent incidents , in the United States since the 9/11 attacks . That number is more than the 21 people killed by militants motivated by al-Qaeda 's ideology in the United States in the post-9 / 11 era . Although a variety of left wing militants and environmental extremists have carried out violent attacks for political reasons against property and individuals since 9/11 , none have been linked to a lethal attack . As we pointed out in this space less than two months ago , a man shot and killed a 14-year-old boy and his grandfather at the Jewish Community Center of Greater Kansas City and then drove to a nearby Jewish retirement community where he shot and killed a third person . Police arrested a suspect , Frazier Glenn Cross , who shouted "  Heil Hitler " after he was taken into custody . Cross , who also goes by Frazier Glenn Miller , is a well-known right-wing extremist who founded the Carolina Knights of the Ku Klux Klan and the White Patriot Party , according to the Southern Poverty Law Center . A similar attack to the one that Frazier Glenn Cross is accused of in Kansas occurred in August 2012 when Wade Michael Page killed six people in a shooting at a Sikh temple in Wisconsin . Page was a member of a white supremacist band and associated with the Hammerskins , a white supremacist group . Page committed suicide during the attack . Page is not , of course , the only right-wing extremist to have used lethal violence to achieve political ends . In 2009 , for instance , Shawna Forde , Albert Gaxiola , and Jason Bush raided a house in Arizona , killing Raul Flores and his daughter Brisenia . The three attackers sought to use the burglary to finance their anti-immigration vigilante group , Minutemen American Defense . Forde and Bush were convicted and sentenced to death . Gaxiola was sentenced to life in prison . Also in 2009 , Scott Roeder murdered Dr. George Tiller , who ran an abortion clinic in Wichita , Kansas . In 2010 Roeder was convicted of first-degree murder . According to the Southern Poverty Law Center , Roeder not only had ties to the extreme anti-abortion movement , but he also had been pulled over while driving with a fake license plate bearing the markings of the Sovereign Citizens , a movement of individuals who deny that the government has authority over them . Of course , the deadliest terrorist attack on American soil prior to 9/11 was the Oklahoma City bombing , which was masterminded by Timothy McVeigh , a man with deep ties to far-right militant circles . McVeigh killed 168 people when he bombed the Alfred P. Murrah federal building on April 19 , 1995 . Despite the history of deadly violence by individuals motivated by political ideologies other than that of al Qaeda , it is jihadist violence that continues to dominate the news and the attention of policy makers . Some of this is quite understandable . After all , on 9/11 al Qaeda 's 19 terrorists killed almost 3,000 people in the space of a morning . Since then al Qaeda 's branch in Yemen tried to bring down -- with a bomb secreted on a passenger -- an American commercial jet flying over Detroit on Christmas Day 2009 and al Qaeda 's branch in Pakistan tried to launch bombings on the New York subway system a few months earlier . Luckily those plots did n't succeed , but certainly if they had , the death toll would have been on a large scale . Yet the disparity in media coverage can have serious consequences . McMahill told reporters that he had heard reports that the Millers had spoken to a neighbor about their plans adding "  You know we have the ` see something , say something ' campaign , " and urged that , "  We need to hear about those times when individuals or groups of individuals are talking about going out and committing acts of violence -- whether it 's against the police or anybody else in our community . " Indeed , in a report on countering radicalization in Muslim communities , the Muslim Public Affairs Council emphasized the need to inform law enforcement when an individual is ejected from a community for being extreme . Countering violent extremism can not simply be a demand placed on Muslim communities to prevent jihadist violence . In the decade since 9/11 right-wing extremists have demonstrated their ability to be just as deadly as their homegrown jihadist counterparts . Moreover , killings like the ones of the two police officers in Las Vegas on Sunday demonstrate the need to move beyond the view that the only threat of terrorism or extremist violence comes from radicalized Muslims . A promising development to that end is that U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder announced last week that he is reconstituting a Justice Department task force on domestic terrorism , focused on anti-government plots and racial violence . The task force was originally launched after the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing .	Peter Bergen : Shooters in Las Vegas murders had extremist , anti-government views It 's far from the first instance of extreme right-wing terrorism in the U.S. Since 9/11 , more have died in far-right violence than Islamic terrorism , Bergen says Bergen : Authorities should pay more attention to the threat posed by homegrown extremists
London , England  CNN  -- A British aid worker who died during an operation to rescue her from kidnappers in Afghanistan may have been killed by a grenade thrown by American forces trying to free her , British Prime Minister David Cameron said Monday . Gen. David Petraeus , the top U.S. commander in Afghanistan , will launch an investigation into the failed attempt to rescue Linda Norgrove , 36 , Cameron said . NATO and British officials had said earlier she was killed by her captors , who detonated an explosive . But Cameron said Monday that statements made about Norgrove 's death over the weekend were "  highly likely to have been incorrect , " although they were made "  in good faith . " Petraeus contacted him Monday morning , he said , with new information . But Cameron said he could not make a firm statement about the cause of her death until the investigation is complete . It will be a joint investigation between the United States and United Kingdom , he said . U.S. President Barack Obama called Cameron on Monday to offer condolences for Norgrove 's death , according to a statement from the Downing Street press office . "  The Prime Minister and the President agreed that it was now essential to get to the bottom of what had happened in the course of the rescue operation . They looked forward to close co-operation between the UK and US authorities on the investigation and agreed to stay in close touch as it moved forward , " it read . The investigation will start in the next day or two and will be led by a senior officer from U.S. Central Command , an International Security Assistance Force official told CNN . One of the key components in determining what went wrong will be the autopsy , which will be carried out by British officials , the ISAF officer said . Cameron and Petraeus are to meet Thursday in London . "  It 's a long-standing meeting and has been in the diary for a number of weeks , " the Downing Street press office said in a separate statement , adding that the discussion will center on the strategy in Afghanistan . Petraeus also will meet with British Defense Secretary Liam Fox to talk about Afghanistan , it said . The initial report on the rescue mission by the troops who carried it out did not mention throwing a grenade , but a follow-up report "  raised a lot of questions about what killed " Norgrove , U.S. Navy Capt. Gary Kirchner told CNN after Cameron spoke . The mission commander called Petraeus as soon as he learned a grenade had been thrown , Kirchner said , without naming the commander . The investigation will be done "  with all due haste , " Kirchner said . It will review the mission plan , communications and video from the operation , he said . A "  review of surveillance footage and discussions with members of the rescue team do not conclusively determine the cause of her death , " the U.S. military said in a statement Monday . The British government aims to share as much of the final report as possible with lawmakers , British Foreign Secretary William Hague said Monday . Cameron said he believed "  profoundly " that it had been the right decision to try to rescue her , although he looked shaken at times during his statement to reporters . The rescue operation was planned and carried out by U.S. Special Forces , Hague told the House of Commons Monday after Cameron spoke . He personally authorized efforts to rescue her by military action "  within a few hours " of her being captured , Hague said . He said intelligence and weather conditions played a role in determining the timing of the operation . Norgrove , who had been held hostage since late last month , worked for DAI , an agency that provides various services to developing nations . She spent much of her career managing projects for farmers and rural workers . Cameron said in a statement Saturday that Norgrove "  was doing valuable work for the Afghan people . " Hague said in a written statement Saturday that his forces received information about where she was held and "  decided that , given the danger she was facing , her best chance of safe release was to act on that information . "  Responsibility for this tragic outcome rests squarely with the hostage takers , " Hague said . "  From the moment they took her , her life was under grave threat . Given who held her , and the danger she was in , we judged that Linda 's best chance lay in attempting to rescue her . " Norgrove was being held by two Taliban commanders , Mullah Basir and Mullah Keftan , who were both killed in the raid , an Afghan intelligence official said . An Afghan official said last month that the British woman , two Afghan drivers and a security guard had been kidnapped after an exchange of gunfire September 26 in the Chawkay district of eastern Kunar province . Abdul Marjan Adel , a local provincial official , had said that the four were being held in a "  very remote area , " and that Afghan and international forces were looking for them . He said they were healthy and located in the Dewcar valley . The three Afghans kidnapped with Norgrove had been released days ago , according to another Afghan intelligence official and a local provincial government official . James Boomgard , DAI president and chief executive officer , called the news of her death "  devastating " and said his operation is "  saddened beyond words by the death of a wonderful woman whose sole purpose in Afghanistan was to do good . " "  Linda loved Afghanistan and cared deeply for its people , and she was deeply committed to her development mission . She was an inspiration to many of us here at DAI , and she will be deeply missed . " He was speaking before Cameron 's statement about the confusion over the cause of her death . After Cameron spoke , Boomgard said : "  Throughout this ordeal , we were satisfied that both the British and American authorities were doing everything in their power to secure Linda 's release . ... We have neither the information nor the inclination to second guess the decisions made . " CNN 's Adam S. Levine , Barbara Starr , Ivan Watson and Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	U.S. Special Forces planned and carried out the failed rescue operation , official says Troops did not initially say they had thrown a grenade during the operation , the military says U.S. forces tried to rescue Linda Norgrove from captors in Afghanistan on Friday NATO and British officials said earlier she was killed by her captors
CNN  -- Former teen tennis phenom Jennifer Capriati is off the hook after accusations that she stalked and punched an ex-boyfriend last Valentine 's Day . Battery and stalking charges will be dropped now that Capriati , 37 , has completed 30 hours of community service and four hours of anger management counseling , the state attorney 's office in Palm Beach County , Florida , said . The alleged quarrel took place on February 14 at a gym in North Palm Beach . According to a police report , the ex-boyfriend claimed Capriati started screaming at him before punching him with a closed fist four times in the chest . The ex-boyfriend , Ivan Brannan Jr. , said he was eventually able to lock himself in the men 's locker room , according to the police report . Four days later , he went to police headquarters and outlined what he said were "  seven other incidents pertaining to Capriati stalking/harassing/following " him . Brannan said he 'd dated the American tennis player from May 2011 to February 2012 . Capriati 's camp has denounced the allegations . "  The current facts being circulated by Mr. Brannan are an overexaggeration and the police report is one-sided in  his  favor , since they failed to get Ms. Capriati 's side of the story , " read a statement attributed to the ex-tennis player 's legal representative last year . Capriati burst on the tennis scene as a teenager , breaking into the sport 's ranking of top 10 players by 14 and advancing to the semifinals of the French Open in 1990 . She remained a force on the tour into the early 1990s , highlighted by a gold medal win at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona , Spain . But Capriati 's star status faded the next few years , a time that included widely reported arrests on shoplifting and marijuana possession charges . She remained off the court into the late 1990s . The New York-born tennis player came back strong at the end of the decade , and in 2001 won the Australian Open and the French Open on her way to becoming the world 's No. 1 player that year . Another Australian Open title came the following year . The 2004 season was Capriati 's last . Eight years later , she was inducted into the International Tennis Hall of Fame . CNN 's Janet DiGiacomo and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	Capriati 's ex-boyfriend said she punched him four times at a gym He said the former tennis star also stalked , harassed or followed him several other times Charges are dropped since she finished community service , anger management classes Capriati 's legal representative has said the allegations are overexaggerated
NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell will work with four women "  on the development and implementation of the league 's policies , resources and outreach on issues of domestic violence and sexual assault , " according to a memo Goodell sent to the league 's teams Monday . The memo comes after a tumultuous week for the NFL . With Ray Rice suspended indefinitely for hitting his then-fiancee in an elevator , the league saw three more of its players come under scrutiny over domestic violence or child abuse allegations . Two of those players were deactivated for their Sunday games . Fourteen players have been arrested for violence against women in the last two years , a Sports Illustrated article last week reported . The women tapped to help craft league policy are : • Anna Isaacson , the league 's vice president of community affairs and philanthropy ; she will now be vice president of social responsibility ; • Lisa Friel , former head of the sex crimes prosecution unit in the New York County District Attorney 's Office ; • Jane Randel , the co-founder of NO MORE , which aims to "  raise the profile of and normalize the conversation about domestic violence and sexual assault " ; • Rita Smith , the former executive director of the National Coalition Against Domestic Violence . "  We are continuing to develop our organization to strengthen our ability to address the wide range of issues we face and other changes in our office will be announced soon , " Goodell wrote in his memo . "  Our goal is to make a real difference on these and other issues . We know that we will be judged by our actions and their effectiveness . " The assistant executive director of external affairs for the players ' union commended the commissioner . "  Anything that we can do as an NFL community that will be effective to raising awareness on this serious issue is a good thing , " said George Atallah of the NFL Players Association . Rice is expected to appeal his indefinite suspension before Tuesday night 's deadline but Atallah said that is not a sign that the union condones domestic violence . "  It 's not mutually exclusive for a union to be disturbed by the actions of one of our members , but also vehemently protect our collective bargaining rights , " he said . "  If the union believes that Ray Rice 's due process rights were violated , then we have an obligation to appeal his indefinite suspension . " The president of the NFL Players Association , Eric Winston , told CNN 's "  Erin Burnett OutFront " it might be wise to bring in outside help for the league to make disciplinary decisions . "  Obviously , there 's an issue with player conduct ... and maybe it 's time to take that out of the commissioner 's hands and put it into a neutral arbitration process , where there can be a fair process for everybody involved , " said Winston , a free agent who played last season with the Arizona Cardinals . Two other players were kept off the field Sunday for their alleged behavior . Adrian Peterson was deactivated after an East Texas grand jury indicted him on a child abuse charge . Peterson 's lawyer has said his client is innocent , and the Minnesota Vikings ' owners announced that Peterson will return to practice this week and is scheduled to play Sunday . The Carolina Panthers ' Greg Hardy was scheduled to play Sunday but was deactivated shortly before game time following an outcry over his domestic violence case . Authorities say Hardy choked his then-girlfriend , threw her around , dragged her by her hair and threatened to kill her . He was sentenced in July to 18 months of probation and a 60-day suspended sentence after a bench trial ; he has appealed that ruling and a jury trial is scheduled for November . Ray McDonald was allowed to play in the San Francisco 49ers ' Sunday night game against the Chicago Bears , but California Lt. Gov. Gavin Newsom has asked the team to suspend McDonald after his arrest on domestic violence charges last month . Police were called to a birthday party at McDonald 's home on August 31 and determined McDonald had been involved in an altercation with his fiancee , who was 10 weeks pregnant , The Sacramento Bee reported . At a press conference Monday , Carolina Panthers head coach Ron Rivera said the discussions on Hardy have been internal and that there have been no outside consultants . Rivera would not say whether Hardy would be on the active roster Sunday night against the Pittsburgh Steelers . Hardy played in week one against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers but was deactivated for Sunday 's game against the Detroit Lions . "  The decision made yesterday was made based on the information that was gathered , things that we looked at and talked about and then it was made in the best interests of this football team , " Rivera said . Rivera referenced "  some of the things that changed in the climate " as to why Hardy did not play Sunday . "  We 're going to have to look at things and look at what 's going on , " Rivera said . "  We 're going to have to get a feel for some things . And as I said ,  general manager Dave Gettleman  and the guys upstairs are going to do their due diligence in terms of looking at what our options are . " Goodell is n't a newcomer to controversy	Players union executive applauds commissioner for announcement He says union abhors violence but represents players so they can get due process Roger Goodell memo : 4 women tapped to help league tackle issue of domestic violence Among the four : Ex-head of sex crimes prosecution unit , ex-directors of advocacy groups
CNN  -- BP said it resumed drilling Monday on a relief well , as efforts to permanently seal the previously leaking Gulf of Mexico oil well appeared to be entering their final stages . Drilling on the relief well resumed at 2:40 p.m. ET after a massive sleeve protecting the well from sudden , large increases in pressure was successfully installed over the weekend . Installing the device "  resulted in the necessary conditions to commence the finalization of the relief well , " Thad Allen , the government 's appointed national incident commander in charge of overseeing the oil spill response , said in a statement Monday . Allen said the relief well remains "  the final step that will ensure the well is fully and finally killed . " Drilling had been stopped since August 10 when a tropical storm threatened conditions at the site , forcing the oil company to suspend operations . Since then , weather delays in the storm-prone Gulf as well as scientific and technical debate on how to proceed have extensively prolonged the timeline for definitively plugging the well . Before drilling resumed , the relief well had been at a measured depth of 17,909 feet and was less than 50 feet vertically and four feet horizontally from the original well . "  Relief well operations will consist of drilling and ranging runs that will guide the rig 's drill bit to intercept the well 's annulus . Following the intercept , heavy drilling mud and cement will be pumped into the annular space to complete the isolation of the MC252 well , " BP said . While BP successfully stopped the flow of oil on July 15 by embedding a cement plug near the top of the well , permanently sealing the well has been a process full of fits and starts . Just last week , Allen laid out a possible timetable that pushed the "  bottom kill " -- a process in which heavy mud and cement are pumped into the bottom part of the original well via the relief well -- into October . But with the new sleeve in place , the timetable is expected to be shortened "  significantly , " Allen . It could take about four days to finish drilling and intercept the original well . BP would then need a few more days after that to complete the bottom kill . Federal investigators and the Department of Justice are now poring over a device called a blowout preventer , a piece of equipment that failed on April 20 when BP 's oil platform exploded , killing 11 people . The blowout preventer was designed to stop oil from spewing by sealing the well pipe . Instead , it failed , triggering the world 's largest accidental oil spill and sending 4.1 million barrels of oil into the Gulf .	The leak was successfully stopped on July 15 with a cement plug Efforts to permanently plug the well have been hampered by weather and other factors The relief well is near the original well , and BP says drilling resumed Monday
CNN  Suicide bombers targeting a bus station in Kano , Nigeria , killed 10 people and left several injured Tuesday , according to the city 's police chief , just hours after a similar attack in Yobe state killed 17 people . Two men detonated the explosives concealed under their clothes as soon as they got off the bus at Kano Line motor park Tuesday afternoon , Police Commissioner Ibrahim Idris said . The busy station is located in the city center of Kano . Idris said the two men took the bus from the town of Wuddil , 30 kilometers  about 19 miles  from Kano . "  The bus station was their target , and taking a bus from outside the city gave them easy access into the bus station , " Idris said , explaining that the men "  would have undergone screening before getting inside if they had come by any other means . " The attack occurred at 3 p.m. local time , just hours after another suicide attack left 17 people dead , in addition to the bomber , and 27 people injured at a bus station in Potiskum , about 200 miles away in Yobe state . The Potiskum attack occurred at Tashar Dan-Borno motor park on the outskirts of town . A man pretending to be a passenger detonated the explosives as he boarded the bus , which was being loaded and prepared for departure , according to witnesses . An official at the Potiskum motor park said 12 passengers were inside the bus when the bomber , who "  looked to be in a hurry " came and dropped his luggage in the baggage compartment . The man "  made to enter the bus , but before he could be restrained for routine screening there was an explosion which killed all 12 people inside the bus and the bomber , " the motor park official said . A paramedic at Potiskum General Hospital , who asked not to be named for fear of reprisals , said four people who were transported from the scene died later . Resident Ahmad Maina , who was at the scene shortly after the blast , said the bus was engulfed in flames as firefighters struggled to keep it from spreading to other vehicles . Although no one has claimed responsibility for either of the attacks , Boko Haram has been behind dozens of suicide and other bombings in northern Nigeria . Potiskum , the commercial hub of Yobe state , has been hit repeatedly in recent months by bombings blamed on the extremist Islamist group . On Sunday , a 7-year-old girl blew herself up outside a cell phone market in the town , killing seven people and injuring 11 . Last month , two suicide bombers killed six people and injured 37 at the same market . Likewise in Kano , northern Nigeria 's most populous city , suicide bombings in the past year have targeted schools , gas stations and a market . Boko Haram 's stated goal is to bring an extreme version of Sharia law to the masses . Along with suicide bombings they have attacked churches and mosques , raided once-peaceful villages and kidnapped people young and old , most infamously more than 200 girls taken last April from a school in Chibok . More than 150,000 people have fled into neighboring countries as a result of the violence , according to the United Nations refugee agency , and Boko Haram has spread its reign of terror into villages and towns beyond Nigeria 's borders . Currently , thousands of Chadian troops are in Cameroon helping that nation 's military root out Boko Haram fighters . Soldiers from Cameroon , Chad take on Boko Haram at Nigerian border	Suicide bombers target a busy bus station in the city center of Kano in northern Nigeria Only hours before , a single bomber blew up a bus in Potiskum , Yobe state No one has claimed responsibility , but Boko Haram has been blamed in numerous attacks in the two cities
CNN  -- Seven members of a breakaway Amish group in eastern Ohio were arrested on federal hate crime charges for allegedly shaving the beards and cutting the hair of individuals who refused to support their leader , according to a criminal complaint released Wednesday . One of the seven men is Samuel Mullet Sr. , the leader of the breakaway sect and a man that local law enforcement and other Amish in the area consider a cult leader . Mullet ruled the group with an iron fist , in some cases "  forcing members to sleep for days at a time in a chicken coop " and beating those "  who appear to disobey " him , according to an FBI affidavit . Mullet had been "  counseling " married women in his sect , "  taking them into his home so that he may cleanse them of the devil with acts of sexual intimacy , " the sworn statement from an FBI agent said . Law enforcement officials believe he was behind the various beard and hair cutting attacks of the past few months . The men charged are said to have carried out "  a series of assaults against fellow Amish individuals with whom they were having a religiously based dispute , " according to the Justice Department . The Amish who were attacked are believed to be former members of Mullet 's group who left over various disagreements . Mullet wanted to "  seek revenge and punish the departing families , " the federal documents said . "  In doing so , the defendants forcibly restrained multiple Amish men and cut off their beards and head hair with scissors and battery-powered clippers , causing bodily injury to these men while also injuring others who attempted to stop the attacks , " the Justice Department said . "  In the Amish religion , a man 's beard and head hair are sacred . " Several of the men have confessed their involvement to local investigators , according to a sworn statement by an FBI agent that was attached to the complaint filed in Cleveland . The seven men were arrested as part of a raid on Mullet 's 800-acre compound that went down "  without incident " early Wednesday morning , according to Mike Tobin , a spokesman for the U.S. attorney in the Northern District of Ohio . A combination of "  about 40 " officials from various agencies , including the FBI , the U.S. Marshals Service , and the Jefferson County and Holmes County sheriffs , were involved in the raid , Tobin said . Jefferson County Sheriff Fred Abdalla , who was at the raid , said they hit Mullet 's home at 6 in the morning . Everyone was asleep at the time . "  Three guys at first did n't want to come out of their rooms , but the FBI got them out of there , " Abdalla said . Abdulla said he was happy about the arrest . "  I 'm elated . And I tell you what , so is the Amish community ... I 'm happy for the Amish people who are so fearful of that guy . " Abdalla added that what made arrests so difficult in this case is the fact that Amish generally do n't believe in dealing with law enforcement , so charges had never been pressed . While he 's generally happy the arrests were made , part of him is also worried some of the people who live on the compound under his rule will remain "  brainwashed " and not have enough will power to move away while Mullet is in custody . He urged them to seize the opportunity . "  Now 's the chance if you want to get out . Now 's the time to go , " he said . The defendants appeared in federal court Wednesday afternoon . A magistrate ordered them held until a detention hearing , Tobin said . No date has been set for the hearing . Samuel Mullet 's sect is made up primarily of his relatives living on and around the compound in a remote valley outside Bergholz , Ohio , officials say . The alleged religiously motivated physical assaults were a violation of the Matthew Shepard-James Byrd Hate Crimes Prevention Act , the Justice Department said Wednesday . If convicted , each man could face up to life in prison , it said . Five of the men were arrested last month on charges of kidnapping and burglary stemming from an incident at the home of Myron and Arlene Miller in early October in which a group of men pulled Myron Miller out of the home by his beard , held him down , and cut off large portions of the beard . The incident at the Millers ' home was one of a handful of incidents in several counties in which as many as 30 men and women carried out similar attacks , Jefferson County Sheriff Fred J. Abdalla said . When CNN asked the senior Mullet last month if he was behind the beard incident , he responded by asking rhetorically , "  Beard cutting is a crime , is it ? " He then denied the allegations that he was running a cult . Asked about what was , at the time , the start of a federal investigation , Mullet said , "  We 're not guilty , so we have nothing to hide . If they want to come and check us out , we 'd be glad to see them here . " CNN 's Chuck Hadad , Gary Tuchman and Bill Mears contributed to this report .	Leader Samuel Mullet Sr. is among those charged in the federal complaint Defendants "  forcibly restrained ... Amish men and cut off their beards , " officials say Several of the defendants have confessed to local investigators , an affidavit says
EW.com  -- "  Days of Future Past " promises to fit more X-Men into an "  X-Men " movie than any "  X-Men " movie ever before . Naturally , the curious moviegoer is led to ask : Could the next "  X-Men " movie possibly feature even more X-Men , as we evolve towards the ultimate singularity moment when life will be measured not in time but in unconfirmed "  X-Men " casting rumors ? EW : Channing Tatum is in talks to play a very famous X-Man Current franchise steersman Bryan Singer has told French magazine Cine Premiere that he 'd like to fit Gambit and Nightcrawler into 2016â $ ² s "  X-Men : Apocalypse . " Now series producer Lauren Shuler Donner has kinda-sorta-completely confirmed that Gambit will be joining the franchise ... and that he 'll be played by Channing Tatum . Talking to TotalFilm in a video interview , Shuler Donner is very bullish that Tatum is involved .  The "  21 Jump Street " star previously told MTV he was in serious talks for the role . EW : ` X-Men ' - Could Jennifer Lawrence 's Mystique get the next spin-off film ? "  He 's a rogue , Channing . He 's a rascal . " Shuler Donner does n't specifically say how Tatum would join the franchise , nor does she even come close to mentioning how Tatum 's Gambit will be different from Taylor Kitsch 's Gambit in that movie that never happened .  Worth pointing out that this could still be a pre-contract almost-definite thing , not a fully contracted definite thing . But there appear to be a few options for bringing Tatum into the fold . Besides "  Apocalypse " and 2017â $ ² s "  Wolverine " threequel , Shuler Donner tells TotalFilm that she is still pulling for a "  Deadpool " movie and an "  X-Force spinoff . "  X-Force " is fascinating , " says Shuler Donner . "  It allows us to be a little grittier . " See the original article at EW . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Gambit will be joining the franchise Producer says Tatum is a "  rogue " There are a few options for bringing the actor in
CNN  -- They 're familiar characters in the debate over controversial Halloween costumes : suicide bombers , geishas , gangsta rappers , rednecks and sexy nurses . Such costumes regularly draw allegations of racism , sexism or insensitivity . But where do fully-clothed folk legends fit in ? American Apparel featured characters on both ends of the spectrum this month in its annual do-it-yourself Halloween costume guide . Below a collection of pin-up girl costumes -- including a model donning a breast-baring serape -- was "  La Llorona , " the ghostly weeping woman who kidnaps wandering children , according to folklore in parts of Latin America . True , she was wearing a lace bustier under a shawl , but the layers upon layers make her appear more like the haunted bag lady than a sexy spirit . It 's the folk legend 's cultural significance -- and the lack of skin , save an inch of midriff -- that , for some , make this costume more acceptable than sexy señoritas or Mexican tequila guy . Halloween costumes inspired by Internet memes "  One is mythology , and the other is a stereotype that comes with a lot of baggage , " said feminist blogger Veronica Arreola , assistant director of the Center for Research on Women and Gender at University of Illinois at Chicago . It 's like dressing up as the Greek goddess Athena and paying tribute to a specific character instead of impersonating a stereotype that does n't represent the culture as a whole , she said . "  La Llorona is a folk tale , our bogeyman , our witch from our culture . That as a costume is better than the idea of someone dressing up in a sombrero or poncho and deciding ` I 'm Mexican today ! ' " Arreola said . "  We 're a culture , not a costume " returns It 's an argument similar to the one an Ohio University student group made last year in its "  We 're a culture , not a costume " campaign that spoke out against dressing up as racial and ethnic stereotypes . The campaign went viral , generating memes often more offensive than the original images and sparking debate over the line between distasteful and playful . The response prompted the group , Students Teaching About Racism in Society , to refresh its campaign this year . In response to criticism that the campaign did not incorporate a "  Caucasian stereotype , " the group added a new image of an "  Appalachian costume " representing "  hick " stereotypes , said Ohio University senior and STARS President Keith Hawkins . " -LSB- We -RSB- decided to continue with the posters because we agreed that they were not only successful last year but actually made a difference on campus and in the global community , " he said . "  We were told by many professors that students wanted to talk about it , and this is exactly what we were looking to do . So we hoped we could put out another strong campaign this year that will continue the message of racial awareness and inclusively . " Hawkins says the line between playful and offensive falls at the point where the costume plays on negative and derogatory stereotypes of a marginalized culture . "  When the costume portrays a hero or legend in general , I would say it is not offensive , " he said . "  It is the act of either using the hero or legend  or constructing a separate costume  that over-exaggerates negative stereotypes that often stigmatize marginalized cultures that makes the costume offensive . " Natural part of the "  assimilation process " In other words , it 's the way the character is depicted that makes the differences . Like the cartoonish skulls and decorations that traditionally adorn altars on Day of the Dead , the appropriation of La Llorona as a costume is a sign of mainstream America absorbing aspects of Latino culture , said Marisa Treviño , founder and publisher of Latina Lista . "  I think it 's a natural progression of the whole assimilation process , " Treviño said . However , that she appears in the American Apparel ad alongside women in hot pants , tube tops and garter belts shows that the tendency to exploit female sexuality for the sake of costumes still prevails , both women agreed . In some ways , sexism in Latin America 's mass media bears some blame for perceptions of Latinas as buxom sex objects , Treviño said . "  Spanish-language media bring in programs from Central and South America on a daily basis that portrays Latinas in this very sexy , provocative way . For people channel-surfing who are not familiar with the Latino community , those images stay in their mind , " she said . It 's not just a concern for Latinos , Arreola said . It 's something that all women should think about before they decide to dress as a sexy anything : geisha or farmer 's daughter . "  There are costumes that take both of those problems and push them together and we need to deal with them , " she said . "  It 's getting outrageous . " How are you celebrating Halloween ? Share your spooky photos with CNN iReport .	American Apparel features folk legend "  La Llorona " in DIY costume guide Folk legends are more acceptable guises than sexy señoritas or Mexican tequila guy "  One is mythology , and the other is a stereotype , " professor says "  We 're a culture , not a costume " campaign includes "  Appalachian hick " stereotype
CNN  -- An 87th minute header from beleaguered striker Andy Carroll handed Liverpool a 2-1 victory over Merseyside rivals Everton in the semifinal of the English FA Cup on Saturday . Carroll 's effort compounded a miserable second half for David Moyes ' team after a promising opening to the match played at Wembley Stadium . Nikica Jelavic pounced on a mix up between Liverpool defender 's Jamie Carragher and Daniel Agger in the 24th minute to side-foot past goalkeeper Brad Jones to hand Everton the lead . It stayed that way until the 62nd minute when Sylvain Distin 's sloppy back-pass gifted Liverpool a way back into the game . Luis Suarez raced onto the mistake before comfortably beating Tim Howard with the outside of his right boot to level the scores . Liverpool perhaps should have been ahead earlier in the half when Andy Carroll missed a gilt-edged chance to equalize but somehow directed his header wide . But the $ 55 million man made amends rising above Everton 's Marouane Fellaini to nod home the winner from a Craig Bellamy free-kick . "  It 's the best feeling ever . We worked hard and getting the goal right there at the end was great , " Carroll told ESPN afterwards . "  I had a few chances and should have probably scored earlier . But I kept at it and it was a great ball in by Craig  Bellamy  , and I just had to score with that one and I did . "  It 's a great feeling . I 've had some criticism but I 've just kept on going , " Carroll added . His manager Kenny Dalglish , who has also been the subject of criticism after Liverpool 's poor league form in recent weeks , was delighted with the effort of his team . "  I think it was fantastic and although it 's not been too good in the league recently , that 's two cup finals -- one we 've won and won we 're looking forward to , " Dalglish told ESPN . FA Cup gives Dalglish opportunity to repay owners ' faith Chelsea take on Tottenham Hotspur in the second semifinal on Sunday . The final will be played on Saturday May 5 . Meanwhile in the English Premier League , Carlos Tevez scored a hat-trick for Manchester City on Saturday in the English Premier League as Manchester City thrashed Norwich City 6-1 at Carrow Road . The win closes the gap on leaders Manchester United to just two points who play Aston Villa at Old Trafford on Sunday . The Argentine put City ahead in the 18th minute , before his compatriot Sergio Aguero added a second nine minutes later . Andrew Surman 's goal for Norwich six minutes after the break gave home fans hope of a comeback but four goals from City in the final quarter of the match killed off the game . Tevez bagged his second in the 73rd minute as did Aguero two minutes later to make the game safe . Tevez , who was starting only his second league game since last September , claimed his hat-trick ten minutes from the end , with Adam Johnson completing the rout in injury time to boost City 's goal difference to plus 58 , eight ahead of United . In the other three Premier League fixtures played Saturday , the teams struggling at the foot of the table all had days to forget . Wolverhampton Wanderers played out a goalless draw against Sunderland at the Stadium of Light -- a result that does little to alleviate their plight at the bottom of the league . Second-from-bottom Blackburn Rovers were beaten 3-0 by Swansea City , while 16th-placed Queens Park Rangers went down 1-0 against West Bromwich Albion at the Hawthorns .	Andy Carroll defies critics with match-winning header at Wembley in FA Cup semifinal against Everton Liverpool reach second final of English domestic season after winning League Cup in February Carlos Tevez scores a hat-trick as Manchester City thrash Norwich City 6-1 Title rivals Manchester United at home to Aston Villa on Sunday
Anthony Weiner was running almost an hour late for his final campaign appearance of the weekend , two days before he faces all-but-certain political doom in Tuesday 's Democratic primary for New York mayor . There was a "  child care mixup " at home , an aide said . Weiner had to peel off the campaign trail and hustle back to his Park Avenue residence to pick up his 20-month-old son , Jordan . Weiner 's wife , Huma Abedin , has been absent from his side for weeks . But a small band of Weiner volunteers waited patiently for their candidate near the entrance to Pier 1 in Manhattan 's Riverside Park , distributing campaign fliers to a largely disinterested crowd of families soaking in some late summer sun at the Westside County Fair . As they lingered , an otherwise normal-looking middle-aged man approached each of the volunteers and angrily thrust a finger in their faces . One by one , he scolded them with a nonsensical reprimand : "  Sexting for mayor ! " he yelled . "  Sexting for mayor ! " By the time Weiner arrived , the man was gone , and the former congressman avoided yet another public confrontation over the lewd online chats that torpedoed his once-promising mayoral bid . These scenes have become an almost daily routine for Weiner since he admitted in July that his naughty online behavior had continued well after he resigned from Congress in 2011 , when he copped to exchanging racy pictures and lurid messages with women he had met on the Internet . Weiner today is more of a public curiosity than a serious candidate , despite being the best pure political talent in a Democratic field bereft of charisma and the kind of outsized personalities to which New York voters have become accustomed . After once leading the mayor 's race , he is now in a distant fourth place . If no candidate captures more than 40 % of the vote in Tuesday 's primary -- and front-runner Bill de Blasio just might -- the top two finishers will advance to a runoff election . Combative Weiner still says he can win Weiner will not be one of them , despite what he tells reporters . "  I 'm convinced that I 'm going be the next mayor of this city , " Weiner said Sunday during an interview on NBC 's "  Meet The Press , " an appearance that seemed wildly discordant with his diminished stature in New York , where the press is mostly ignoring him  unless he clashes with a loud-mouthed voter  . Weiner challenges man who rebuked him for being ` married to an Arab ' Scant media coverage but plenty of attention At appearance after appearance during his final weekend of campaigning , a frantic schedule that featured 13 public events and trio of "  tele-town halls , " Weiner attracted scant media attention . There were just two members of the press at a Weiner event Saturday in which he presented his "  closing arguments " for a fairer tax system to a group of Spanish-speaking voters from Washington Heights , with the assistance of a translator . The next day , outside a YMCA in the Upper West Side where Weiner was pitching his affordable housing plan , a local news producer who had been detailed to the candidate said he was often the sole journalist at his events . After Weiner concluded his news conference , he asked whether any of the three reporters present had any questions about the topics at hand : public housing , rent regulations , mix-used zoning . There were none , so he took a question about de Blasio . But wherever he showed up during his admirably hectic final push -- on street corners , at community fairs , even at a cricket field in the far reaches of Queens -- Weiner would invariably draw a crowd of onlookers , most of them polite and nearly all of them reaching for their smartphones to document the moment . He is the human manifestation of click bait . While Weiner chatted with a voter on the corner of 105th and Amsterdam about expansion plans for NYU and Columbia University , an open-topped New York tour bus pulled up to a nearby stoplight . A heavyset man on the top deck of the bus spotted the candidate on the sidewalk -- from a 40-yard distance , no less -- and started flailing his arms and screaming at the top of his lungs : "  Weiner ! Weiner ! Weiner ! " Weiner paused and waved back . "  Welcome to New York ! Stay as long as you want ! Spend lots of money ! " In the closing days of the race , Weiner seems to be living in a sweet spot between shamelessness and fortitude , soldiering on in the face of mockery and barely any hope of winning . If he cracks double digits on Tuesday , it will be a surprise . Voters ca n't quite seem to figure out why he did n't quit the race weeks ago . Craig Meisner , a Democrat from Riverdale who runs a nonprofit , came upon one of Weiner 's "  closing argument " events Saturday while walking through Isham Park in upper Manhattan . Like hundreds of New Yorkers before and after him , he looked on curiously , snapped a picture and promptly posted it to Twitter . "  It makes no sense to me at all , " Meisner said of Weiner 's campaign . "  I am assuming he 's running so that for his next step , his next office , he can say he 's cleansed himself . You go through the process , you get vilified to whatever degree , and then you can run again for something else . " What could have been Where some see desperation , others wonder what could have been . "  Anthony Weiner is the best political performer in this field and is progressive and tough enough in his policies and rhetoric that he 'd be at or near the top of this race were it not for his scandals , " said one veteran of New York City politics who , because of friends working in rival campaigns , did not want to be named saying something nice about the man who called himself Carlos Danger . Weiner 's brazenness , energy and full-blown New Yorkitude offer a stark contrast to the cautious and consultant-driven personas of his Democratic opponents . At a Harlem forum hosted by the Rev. Al Sharpton on Saturday , Weiner held forth on the topic of civil rights , referring to members of the African-American audience as "  my brothers and sisters . " When Weiner mistakenly referred to Sharpton as "  Rev. Jackson , " he had the crowd in stitches with his quick recovery : "  Thank you ! Good night ! " Even the front-running de Blasio could n't match Weiner 's effortless wit and ability to read a crowd . The next morning , Weiner called into Hot 97 , the venerable New York hip-hop radio station . Asked to name his favorite rappers , Weiner quickly won over the DJs . "  I 'm a big fan of Luda ; I like Nas , " he answered . "  But I 'm little more a of dance hall reggae guy than a hip-hop guy . " Much laughter ensued . None of this is to say that Weiner , freed from the burden of expectations , is feeling loose and breezy as his campaign winds down . Arriving at staged press events where there might only be one reporter waiting for him , Weiner can wear a pained look on his face , his jaw clenched tightly as he prepares to go through the motions of his outlining his policy positions even though they have no hope of making the papers . "  Lucky ducky artichucky , " he muttered to himself as he prepared to speak to a single NY1 camera at his YMCA event . One reporter described his demeanor lately as "  sheepish , " which is how Weiner looked when he arrived an hour late to Riverside Park holding the hand of his son , Jordan , who was wearing the world 's tiniest fedora . "  See the hat ? He 's bringing sexy back , " Weiner said . As with everywhere he goes , observers hung back as Weiner walked along the Hudson River waterfront , looking on curiously and snapping pictures . Mothers and fathers pushing strollers looked annoyed as Weiner 's entourage clogged the walkway . "  You 've got to be kidding me , " one woman exclaimed . The appearance was billed as a "  retail " event , but Weiner shook few hands , instead tending to his child and walking along the Hudson River waterfront for the benefit of the cameras . The fact that Weiner is now being trailed at all times by filmmaker Josh Kriegman , a former producer for the MTV reality series "  MADE , " only adds to the sense that his campaign , in its final days , is as much performance art as pursuit of office . Weiner is asked how he steels himself for this perplexing ritual every morning before he leaves his apartment . "  This is the only campaign I know how to run , " he explains , pointing to the dozens of news ideas he has floated during the campaign . "  Every single I day I get up and I think , I am going to run the campaign New Yorkers want . This is where I am comfortable . This is what I like doing , and this has always worked for me . So I am not going to stop . "	Weiner makes his "  closing arguments " in mayoral campaign that he once led In closing days of race , Weiner seems to be living between shamelessness and fortitude His New Yorkitude offers stark contrast to consultant-driven personas of his opponents
Beirut , Lebanon  CNN  -- The leaders of Lebanon and Syria vowed to improve cooperation between their two countries Sunday , tying up a meeting aimed at thawing frozen relations . "  We want to open new horizons between the two states , " Lebanese Prime Minister Saad Hariri said at a news conference at the end of the two-day meeting , which happened in Damascus , Syria . "  We had good and excellent discussions based on mutual clarity and honesty , " he added . "  We are betting on a better future for both countries and peoples , in economy , trade as well as all other levels . " Syrian President Bashar al-Assad was not at the news conference . Official Syrian news agency SANA reported that both al-Assad and Hariri "  saw the visit as a starting point to restore cooperation between the governments of Syria and Lebanon . " "  Both sides agreed that the institutions and ministries in both countries directly coordinate and communicate to remove all obstacles to the cooperation on all levels , " SANA reported . Hariri has previously blamed Syria for the 2005 assassination of his father , Rafik Hariri , a former Lebanese leader who was a prominent figure opposing Syria 's continuing presence inside Lebanon . A United Nations investigation found indications of Syrian involvement , but Syria denies responsibility . A U.N.-backed tribunal has been created to investigate the killing . The two leaders did not discuss that issue or the assassinations of other anti-Syrian figures in Lebanon , Hariri said Sunday . They also did not discuss requests by a Syrian court to question Lebanese officials . Asked whether any guarantees were exchanged regarding the Lebanese-Syrian relationship , Hariri responded , "  I do n't want to go into details . " He added that the meeting proves "  a relationship is being built in both countries ' interest and in the benefit of future openness . " A popular uprising after the elder Hariri 's killing in 2005 helped lead to the withdrawal of Syrian forces after almost 30 years of military and political domination of Lebanon . Under international pressure , Syria opened an embassy in Beirut almost a year ago , and a Lebanese ambassador arrived in Damascus a short while later . It was the first time the two foes established diplomatic ties since their independence more than six decades ago . The United States , which also accused Syria of involvement in Rafik Hariri 's assassination , withdrew its ambassador four years ago . President Obama decided to make an effort toward reconciliation and announced earlier this year that he was returning a U.S. diplomat to Damascus .	NEW : Lebanese leader : "  We are betting on a better future for both countries and peoples " Lebanese Prime Minister Saad Hariri met with Syrian President Bashar Assad in Syria Relations between neighboring Arab nations collapsed after 2005 assassination of Hariri 's father
CNN  Chocolate is on the menu and unity is the message as Republicans head to Hershey , Pennsylvania , for the first joint GOP House and Senate retreat in 10 years . But as House Speaker John Boehner and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell lay the groundwork for their agenda on Capitol Hill this year , tension from conservatives unhappy that their leaders are n't being bold enough could make things awkward . Comedian Jay Leno is slated to warm up the group on Wednesday night . But even before boarding buses to Pennsylvania , some Republicans clearly were n't ready to sing kumbaya . "  I think the leadership is unified - unified in doing very little , " conservative Rep. Tim Huelskamp told CNN . The Kansas Republican told CNN it was time to plot a way forward to repeal Obamacare and roll back the president 's actions on immigration -- not focus on finding compromises with President Barack Obama . "  They want to all get along with the President , which is not the election results , " Huelskamp said about GOP leaders , adding , "  that 's misreading exactly the opposite of what November 2014 is about . " Huelskamp was one of the 25 House Republicans who tried to deny Boehner his third term as Speaker , opposing him on a vote earlier this month . This vocal group is demanding that Boehner and McConnell go big and schedule votes on a variety of proposals to highlight a contrast with the President and congressional Democrats , even if those things do n't have the chance of becoming law . Other House Republicans are fed up that this small bloc of conservatives has been able to force the debate to tack to the right , and start off the New Year with a focus on the divisions inside the party on hot button issues like immigration . "  At some point our far right has got to understand that us ` regular conservatives ' are not necessarily on board with what they want to do , " Illinois Rep. Adam Kinzinger told CNN . He noted , "  our caucus has got to understand that sometimes the noisiest 25 in the caucus is not a majority . " In another potential headache for GOP leaders , a new group of House conservatives is setting up a formal structure to meet regularly and develop policy proposals . These members do n't believe the current group that already does this - known as the Republican Study Committee  RSC  - is sufficiently independent of the leadership . The current RSC Chair , Texas Rep. Bill Flores , told CNN his group was already influencing the agenda in the House . "  Look at what we 've had on the floor - that 's nothing but a conservative agenda , " he said . The splits that have emerged in public are sure to be highlighted in closed door meetings in Hershey . Organizers have planned breakout sessions on immigration , health care and the budget process . Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair , columnist Peggy Noonan , and author Walter Isaacson are also slated to address the group . But Kinzinger warned "  our flanks in the party have got to understand that when you work as a team and accomplish 70 % m it 's way better than what we had last week , " referring to the contentious debate over immigration . Republican leaders started out the year putting a priority on items conservatives wanted to tackle . The House voted on bills approving the Keystone pipeline , repealing a key provision of Obamacare , and reversing some of the Wall Street reforms the President pushed for in 2010 . Right before members left for the retreat , the House approved a funding bill for the Department of Homeland Security that also attached a series of amendments nullifying the President 's most recent executive action on immigration . GOP leaders also allowed a vote on a measure that went even further -- it eliminated a program that deferred deportations for so-called "  Dreamers " - children of those who entered the U.S. illegally . While the bill passed , a group of 26 House Republicans opposed that amendment dealing with deportations on young people , with many saying that proposal went too far . The President had already threatened vetoes on the bulk of the GOP bills the House was passing . But at a meeting with bipartisan congressional leaders with President Obama on Wednesday there was a lot of talk about trying to focus on the things where both sides could agree . Republican aides are setting low expectations for the retreat - saying this is the beginning of discussions on the way forward on key priorities like getting rid of Obamacare , drafting major tax reform legislation , pushing jobs bills , and cutting federal spending . "  It 's important that we get together , open up lines of communication and unify around some goals that we have for the upcoming Congress , " House GOP Conference Chair Cathy McMorris Rogers told CNN . One controversial decision leaders are still grappling with is whether or not to use a procedure known as "  budget reconciliation " to try to repeal Obamacare . If they decide to use this process - one that is available for items that impact the debt and the deficit - Senate leaders would just need a simple majority to pass legislation , which gets around a likely Democratic-led filibuster on Obamacare . Texas Sen. Ted Cruz , a tea-party favorite , in a speech before Heritage Foundation this week , said Congress should use "  every procedural tool available including reconciliation to repeal Obamacare with 51 votes in the Senate . " But other congressional Republicans argue it should be reserved for something the President could sign - like tax reform or a bill boosting infrastructure across the country . Huelskamp said if leaders decided to use that process to do tax reform instead of repealing Obamacare that would be "  a very stupid Republican decision - we 're going to help corporations and let the rest of these guys suffer ? " One potential complication for McConnell is maneuvering his plans while three Senate Republicans - Cruz , Florida Senator Marco Rubio , and Kentucky Senator Rand Paul - are preparing possible presidential campaigns for 2016 . But Rubio and Paul are skipping the retreat .	House and Senate Republicans will meet jointly for the first time in a decade Conservatives are frustrated with leadership
CNN  -- The NAACP filed lawsuits Friday against two of the nation 's largest mortgage lenders -- HSBC and Wells Fargo -- alleging "  systematic , institutionalized racism " in their subprime lending . NAACP CEO Benjamin Jealous says , "  We are not seeking damages ; we just want them to fix the problem . " "  We have targeted these banks because we have gone through what we can get our hands on , and it seems like there 's a real problem here , " NAACP CEO Benjamin Jealous told CNN . Jealous said the group wants "  transparency . " "  We want to see the books , " he added . "  We are not seeking damages ; we just want them to fix the problem . " Both companies denied the allegations . HSBC spokeswoman Kate Durham said the company does not comment on litigation , but she said , "  We stand by our lending practices . " In a statement , Wells Fargo spokeswoman Melissa Murray said , "  The NAACP 's allegations are totally unfounded and reckless . We have never tolerated , and will never tolerate , discrimination in any way , shape or form in any of our business practices , products or services . " She added that the company has been "  working with the NAACP for the past two years to develop a partnership that would benefit the NAACP , its constituents and our communities , so we are dismayed that the NAACP has chosen to abandon that constructive dialogue in order to pursue this litigation . " Under subprime lending , people who do n't qualify for lower interest rates can borrow money at higher rates . The NAACP argues that the companies gave subprime rates to African-Americans who qualified for better rates and gave better rates to white customers with similar credit histories . The lawsuits note studies showing African-Americans have been disproportionately affected by subprime lending . But that 's not solely because of intentional efforts to target African-Americans , according to the lawsuits . Watch which parts of the country had the greatest percentages of subprime lending " "  These statistical disparities are not mere happenstance , but instead result from the systematic and predatory targeting of African-Americans , as well as facially neutral lending policies and practices that have a disparate adverse impact on African-Americans , " said the lawsuits , which were filed in U.S. District Court for the Central District of California . The NAACP has launched similar suits against numerous other lenders . In its statement Friday , the nation 's oldest civil rights group said , "  One lender has already entered into a preliminary settlement agreement with the NAACP , and a number of other lenders are engaged in similar discussions . "	NAACP lawsuits accuse HSBC , Wells Fargo of "  systematic , institutionalized racism " Both companies deny allegations of racism in subprime lending Suits : Firms gave subprime rates to African-Americans who qualified for better rates NAACP has launched similar suits against lenders
Minsk , Belarus  CNN  Four key leaders converged on Belarus ' capital Wednesday with one official mission : bringing peace to Ukraine . Whether they can achieve that is unsure , considering the violence , bitter divisions and failed negotiations . Still , the fact that French President Francois Hollande , German Chancellor Angela Merkel , Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko and Russian President Vladimir Putin made the trip to Minsk to talk peace is notable . The stakes are high . Not only has war raged for months in eastern Ukraine , where pro-Russian rebels angry about political upheaval in Kiev have declared their independence , but it 's getting worse , threatening not only the lives of more civilians , but the stability of the region . Speaking at a Cabinet meeting Wednesday before his arrival in Minsk , Poroshenko called the summit "  the most important one so far I have had as a President , " Ukraine 's state-run Ukrinform news agency reported . The President said he and Ukraine 's lawmakers were ready to introduce martial law across the country if "  further irresponsible actions " lead to more escalation of the conflict . "  It will depend on the results of the summit whether we stop the aggressor through diplomatic means or go to a totally different regime , " he is quoted as saying . Video showed Denis Pushilin of the self-proclaimed Donetsk People 's Republic and Vladislav Deinego of the Luhansk People 's Republic at the talks , speaking with reporters in Minsk on Tuesday night , putting to rest earlier doubts about their attendance . Monitors from the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe also attended the preliminary meeting . That set the stage for the main event involving Hollande , Merkel , Poroshenko and Putin that began Wednesday night in Belarus ' Palace of Independence . Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said that a document would likely be signed Thursday , according to the semiofficial Russian news agency RIA Novosti . But it was unclear what such a document might say . Will these talks yield a breakthrough ? French and German officials sounded a note of caution about the prospects of finding consensus . And even if there is some sort of agreement , it 's probably not wise to start celebrating right away -- given that there have been ceasefires before , none of which has lasted . The main points of negotiations of the so-called Normandy group -- the leaders of France , Germany , Russia and Ukraine -- are expected to be the withdrawal of heavy weapons , the creation of a demilitarized zone and the future status of the Donbas area in Ukraine , which comprises Luhansk and Donetsk . German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier said Tuesday that the talks were "  another huge chance to take a big first step towards de-escalation , hopefully towards a silencing of the weapons . "  But I underline it again , nothing has been resolved yet . The taking place of the summit alone is not a guarantee of its success . Therefore I urge and expect Moscow and Kiev to take it seriously and in the face of imminent military conflict really seize this chance . " Likely sticking points include who will control Ukraine 's border with Russia in the disputed territory , disarmament of the separatists and what degree of political autonomy is granted to the Donetsk and Luhansk regions . Poroshenko has been invited to Brussels , Belgium , by European Council President Donald Tusk on Thursday to address European lawmakers and "  coordinate future steps , " Poroshenko 's website said . Meanwhile , the separatist leaders have been invited to Moscow , where they will brief Russian lawmakers on the outcome of the Minsk talks . The conflict , which broke out in April , soon after Russia annexed Ukraine 's southeastern Crimea region , has claimed more than 5,000 lives , many of them civilians . There 's been no let-up in the violence ahead of the peace talks ; in fact , both sides appear to have stepped up their efforts to gain territory before the lines of the potential demilitarized zone are drawn . Four people were killed and nine injured after a central bus station in Donetsk city was hit by shelling Wednesday morning , according to the official news agency of the Donetsk People 's Republic , DAN . The Donetsk city office website reported that two buses were hit and burst into flames . In the past 24 hours , 19 Ukrainian soldiers have been killed and 78 injured in the conflict zone in eastern Ukraine , a spokesman for the Ukrainian military operation against the separatists , Vladislav Seleznyov , told reporters in Kiev on Wednesday . Shelling in the town of Kramatorsk on Tuesday killed 12 civilians and injured 35 , including children , with 29 military personnel also injured , according to the Kiev-backed Donetsk regional authority . Kramatorsk , deep inside Ukrainian-held territory , is the location of the main base for the government 's military operation against the separatists , which it calls the anti-terrorist operation , or ATO . Ukraine 's Foreign Ministry condemned what it said was "  another bloody crime " by the separatists and said Russia , which it accuses of sending heavy weapons and troops across the border , should be held responsible . The OSCE said its monitors saw evidence that cluster bombs had been used in Kramatorsk . Cluster bombs are banned by many states because of their deadly impact on civilians . Fighting continues around the strategically important town of Debaltseve , which has been under siege by separatist forces for weeks . Ukrainian Gen. Oleksandr Rozmaznin said the town remained under Ukrainian control despite a separatist bid to attack the police station there . He said there was no fighting in the streets . A Ukrainian unit also launched an offensive Wednesday against the separatists near the city of Mariupol in the southeast . Each side has accused the other of shelling civilian areas . What 's next in the conflict ? U.S. President Barack Obama called Putin on Tuesday and urged him to seize the opportunity for peace , the White House said . "  The President emphasized the importance of reaching and implementing a negotiated settlement underpinned by the commitments in the  prior  Minsk agreement . However , if Russia continues its aggressive actions in Ukraine , including by sending troops , weapons and financing to support the separatists , the costs for Russia will rise , " the White House said . Obama has not ruled out providing weapons to the Ukrainian military to help it defend against the separatists ' advances . A Kremlin readout of the call said it focused on finding a peaceful settlement of the crisis . Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov , speaking alongside his Greek counterpart in Moscow on Wednesday , said there was "  no military solution to the crisis " in Ukraine . Peace can be achieved only through dialogue between Kiev and the people of eastern Ukraine , he said , adding : "  The rights of all people who live there need to be respected . " Russian state news agency Sputnik reported that Lavrov would be traveling to Minsk for the talks . The European Union 's Foreign Affairs Council agreed on additional sanctions Monday against Russian and separatist interests but said their implementation would be delayed for a week to "  give space for current diplomatic efforts . " Merkel in the middle of a U.S.-Russia standoff The big challenge facing the leaders meeting Wednesday in Minsk is whether they can reach a peace agreement that will stick . A previous peace deal was signed in September , also in Minsk . It called for a drawback of heavy weapons , self-rule in the eastern regions and a buffer zone along the Russia-Ukraine border . The new plan envisions a much broader demilitarized zone to run along the current front lines . The September agreement quickly disintegrated , and the violence continued . Russia has steadfastly denied accusations that it is sending forces and weapons into Ukraine . But top Western and Ukrainian leaders have said there is n't any doubt that Russia is behind surging violence and separatists ' efforts to take over territory in eastern Ukraine . All the while , the crisis in Ukraine , which stemmed from a trade agreement , has forced more than 1.5 million people from their homes , according to the United Nations . CNN 's Nic Robertson reported from Minsk and Laura Smith-Spark wrote from London . CNN 's Greg Botelho , Antonia Mortensen , Nick Paton Walsh , Alla Eshchenko , Frederik Pleitgen , Khushbu Shah , Laura Akhoun , Claudia Otto , Alexander Felton and journalist Victoria Butenko in Kiev , Ukraine , contributed to this report .	Leaders of France , Germany , Russia and Ukraine meet in Belarus ' capital Ukrainian President calls the meeting "  the most important one " he has had thus far Violence between Ukrainian authorities and separatists has been raging for months
CNN  -- There will be no room for homophobia at the 2014 NFL Draft , according to San Francisco 49ers owner and co-chairman John York . When the three-day event , taking place between May 8-10 , rolls into town , much of the media 's attention is likely to be focused on Michael Sam -- the former Missouri Tigers defensive end who came out as gay in February . The college football star is expected to be drafted in the latter rounds , and if so , he will become the first active player in the NFL to have publicly declared his homosexuality . A handful of teams are reportedly interested in recruiting the 24-year-old , and York insists that -- regardless of Sam 's sexuality -- he would have him at the 49ers should he be deemed good enough . "  If he is the right person and we have a need at that position and he shows the capability on film , what his sexual orientation is would not matter in our locker room , " York told CNN . Sam 's decision to come out earlier this year means he joins the growing list of sports stars who have opted to reveal their homosexuality . Former German international footballer Thomas Hitzlsperger , Puerto Rican featherweight boxer Orlando Cruz and NBA player Jason Collins have all come out in recent years , however , they have decided to do so during the latter stages of their careers . A small number of NFL players , too , have chosen to come out in the past , but only once their professional careers had come to an end -- starting with David Kopay in 1975 . The prospect of Sam becoming the first openly gay athlete in the league is simply a natural progression for the sport , according to York , given that Kopay 's own admission occurred nearly 40 years ago . "  The truth of the matter is even though we have n't had players who are playing come out openly , we 're further along in this curve than people want to make out , " he said . "  I think it 's just natural that there are players in any sport and in any other area of business that there are people of different orientations throughout the population . " Should Sam move on to the 49ers next month , he could find himself lining up next to Jonathan Martin , who has also had his own personal problems to deal with . Martin , who arrived in San Francisco from the Miami Dolphins last month , was the target of harassment and bullying from three former teammates . An independent report found the 24-year-old had been the victim of "  sexually explicit remarks " and "  racial insults " from Richie Incognito , John Jerry and Mike Pouncey , while it was revealed that Martin contemplated suicide as a result of their actions . But while there has been much sympathy for the offensive tackle in the weeks since , some have suggested he broke the locker room 's code of silence -- a claim that York is quick to refute . "  No I do n't believe so , " he said . "  The locker room needs to be a professional atmosphere . "  Obviously there 's an element of privacy that 's in the locker room but there 's also an element that needs to be professional and Jonathan will be a part of that professional locker room in the 49ers . " York added : "  There is a code of conduct that needs to be modeled everywhere , no matter where it is . People have to be treated with respect , with dignity and given the opportunity to maintain their own lives . " York feels the signing of Martin , who has worked with 49ers head coach Jim Harbaugh in the past , is proof that his team is doing its best to further the NFL 's boundaries . "  I think that we 've played a role in that being the San Francisco bay area in trying to be a leader and recognizing that individual rights play a role within sports as they do in the rest of the world , " he said . Expanding NFL 's reach While York is keen to further the NFL 's boundaries when it comes to giving players room to express themselves for who they are , he is also committed to helping the sport expand overseas . The NFL 's profile in England is continuing to grow , with London 's Wembley Stadium having hosted the International Series since 2007 , while there has even been talk of a franchise based in the nation 's capital . The Jacksonville Jaguars -- whose owner Shahid Kahn also owns English Premier League side Fulham -- are reportedly the most likely to relocate to London . York , a former chairman of the NFL 's international committee , believes a franchise in London would be a great way to boost the sport 's popularity outside of the U.S. , although he does not necessarily feel a team would need to relocate across the Atlantic completely . "  I do n't think it will ever come down to that choice -LSB- of moving -RSB- because I think it 's a totally different market . I think it will be fantastic to have a franchise in both Los Angeles and London , " he said . " -LSB- But -RSB- I think you 're going to have to develop a new way to think about the way teams play . " York added : "  There are times where you play three games away -LSB- in a row -RSB- or you play three games at home -LSB- each season -RSB- . We look at that right now as a potential flaw in the schedule . "  But when you take a team and put them at the distance that London is from the west coast of the U.S. , all of a sudden maybe that 's not a flaw , maybe that 's a good point . "	All eyes on Michael Sam ahead of May 's NFL draft The former Missouri Tigers defensive end came out in February San Francisco 49ers owner John York says Sam 's sexuality is not an issue If drafted , Sam will become first active NFL player to have declared his homosexuality
CNN  -- It appeared an unlikely meeting : Earlier this month , representatives from Hollywood , home of the anything-goes lifestyle and anything-can-happen film , traveled to Iran , where censorship and constant government supervision are a fact of life for the film industry . American actress Annette Bening , right , attends a workshop with Iranian actresses during her stay in Iran . But the two sides had more in common than it would appear , said Sid Ganis , president of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences . "  It was thrilling to be in Iran , just plain old thrilling , " said Ganis . "  We talked . ... We spoke the same language , the language of movies . " In Iran , "  the language of movies " has thrived since the 1979 Islamic Revolution , despite strict censorship laws , said Duke professor Negar Mottahedeh , author of "  Displaced Allegories : Post-Revolutionary Iranian Cinema . " A number of post-revolution Iranian films have screened at international film festivals , and some , such as Abbas Kiarostami 's "  Taste of Cherry , " have won international awards . Creativity and prohibition often have an "  intimate relationship , " Mottahedeh said , observing that "  film cultures have flourished oftentimes when they have been under restrictions . " Iran 's film association , known as the House of Cinema , was host of the Hollywood trip . The American delegation , which included Ganis , producer Bill Horberg and actress Annette Bening , took part in a cultural dialogue with prominent Iranian screenwriters , actors and directors , sharing their ideas on filmmaking and taking part in workshops and film screenings . "  It 's hard to get Iranian films distributed in Iran because ... there are n't that many cinemas , " Ganis said . "  And then , of course , the government intrudes on the process with a certain censorship set of rules and -LSB- regulations -RSB- . " But , citing a recent Iranian film called "  About Elly , " directed by Asghar Farhadi -- scheduled to be screened at this year 's Tribeca Film Festival -- Ganis said Iranian filmmakers are still able to release high-quality films . "  We are expecting the Iranian film industry to continue to flourish in terms of the creativity that we saw when we were there , " Ganis said . "  At the moment , I think -LSB- Iranian cinema -RSB- does have wide exposure , " Mottahedeh said . "  I do think that Iranian filmmakers are already thinking about the foreign market . " Ironically , things were different before the revolution , Mottahedeh said . Iranian cinema generally emulated American film instead of finding its own niche , which did n't endear it to a number of Iranians . "  Iranian melodrama from the 1960s and 1970s replicates American melodrama , " she said . "  What the -LSB- Shah Mohammed Reza -RSB- Pahlavi regime did was to make a commodity of women ... make them wear Western fashion and become alien to Iranians . " The Islamic Republic has also enforced constraints on the film industry with its requirement of modesty , Mottahedeh said . But Iranian cinema has actually had its greatest artistic success in recent years , taking on issues raised by the 1979 revolution and the Iran-Iraq War of the 1980s . The impact of those events "  has created a condition of creativity to express the trauma that the nation has experienced , " said Columbia University Iranian studies professor Hamid Dabashi . "  This is not in defense of censorship , obviously , " Dabashi added , but when it comes to Iran , censorship "  creates a creative barrier that filmmakers have to cross . " Horberg , a producer who worked with Iranian actors on the set of "  The Kite Runner , " said that members of the House of Cinema did not openly discuss the government 's policies , although censorship is "  a real issue for them . " "  It 's a paradox that cinema there is known for its ultra-realism and ultra-naturalism and that feeling like you 're not even watching a movie , you 're watching life . But a lot of what they 're able to dramatize is limited , " Horberg said . Despite their limitations , filmmakers have raised Iranian cinema to new heights , winning awards and critics ' praise across the globe . Officially , Iran 's citizens are unable to watch a number of these films , including director Jafar Panahi 's films "  Offside "  2006  and "  Circle "  2000  , which address women 's rights , and Kiarostami 's award-winning "  Taste of Cherry , " which deals with suicide . All are banned inside the country . But that does n't stop Iranian moviegoers from seeing the films . "  When a film is banned , people are even more eager to see it , " Dabashi said , pointing out that many Iranians acquire films through the black market . "  The Iranian audience is among the most appreciative audience for film anywhere , " said Horberg . "  They seem to have seen everything . " People outside the country are also eager for the country 's production and talent . Dabashi said Iranian cinema has been prominent on the international scene for years , adding that many Iranian actors are beginning to cross over to the American film industry -- from veteran Iranian film actress Shohreh Aghdashloo , who starred opposite Ben Kingsley in 2003 's "  House of Sand and Fog , " to newcomer Golshifte Farahani , who starred as Leonardo DiCaprio 's love interest in the 2008 thriller "  Body of Lies . " Iran 's House of Cinema was enthusiastic about the Hollywood delegation 's visit , according to CNN International Correspondent Reza Sayah . "  This was very special to them , " Sayah said . "  They 're the best in the business in Iran and what I did see was that connection and camaraderie between filmmakers . ... You can tell that all of them were in their element and they spoke the universal language of film and television . " The Iranian government did n't seem to share the excitement . Shortly after the delegation 's arrival , Javad Shamghadri , the arts adviser to Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , said the Academy representatives should apologize for Hollywood 's depiction of Iran through the years . Citing films like "  300 " and 1991 's "  Not Without My Daughter , " Shamghadri said Hollywood has repeatedly attacked Iran . But , Ganis said , "  We were there to talk to filmmakers , not to get into politics and the rhetoric of problems that exist or are perceived to exist between the two countries . " Ganis added that he hopes the visit will help relations between Iran and the United States . "  It 's a start , " Ganis said . "  Maybe we made the tiniest inroad into understanding each other better , having not talked to each other for 30 years or so . "	Representatives from Hollywood visited Iran to learn about the film industry Sid Ganis , president of the Academy : "  It was thrilling to be in Iran " Censorship creates a barrier that filmmakers must cross , says Iranian film expert Many of Iran 's internationally acclaimed films are banned inside the country
New York  CNN  -- Mark David Chapman , John Lennon 's convicted killer , was making his seventh try at parole Wednesday . Chapman 's latest quest for freedom comes ahead of the 32nd anniversary of the death of the former Beatle , a British singer-songwriter who was gunned down outside his Manhattan apartment on December 8 , 1980 . Chapman was scheduled to be interviewed by two or three members of the parole board , according to Carole Claren-Weaver , a spokeswoman for the New York Department of Corrections . It was not known when the board will hand down its decision . Chapman 's words on the slaying He was last up for parole in 2010 but was denied because his "  discretionary release remains inappropriate at this time and incompatible with the welfare of the community , " according to the New York State Division of Parole . He was also denied parole in 2000 , 2002 , 2004 , 2006 and 2008 . Chapman , 57 , is serving a sentence of 20 years to life in prison and is being held at the Wende Correctional Facility in Alden . He is in protective custody in a single-person cell , Claren-Weaver said , and is allowed out three hours per day . Since his transfer from Attica this year , Chapman has reapplied to participate in a state program called "  family reunion , " which allows inmates to spend more time with family members . Chapman has not had an infraction since 1994 . It is not clear whether he currently has legal representation . Yoko Ono , Lennon 's widow , in previous years has submitted a letter requesting that parole be denied . Her attorney reiterated her position in an e-mail to CNN over the weekend . In their own words : Journalists who covered Lennon 's murder InSession 's Kisa Santiago contributed to this report .	Mark David Chapman was to be interviewed by parole board members In 2010 hearing , he was denied parole Yoko Ono , Lennon 's widow , has previously requested parole be denied Chapman 's attorney could not be immediately reached for comment
You do n't have to be a Soviet wheat farmer to realize that five-year plans are n't much fun . Unless , that is , you start scheduling in new theme park openings . A worldwide construction boom is currently underway that will bring in a slew of incredible new rides , slides , sights and frights over the next half-decade . Stefan Zwanzger , aka the globetrotting Theme Park Guy , has been keeping an eye on what 's coming so he can be among the first in line . Here 's his list of the best of attractions of the near future . Shanghai Disney Resort  China Concept : Chinese re-imagining of the classic Disney concepts on vast site close to China 's richest city . Expect state of the art rides and the usual Disney trimmings , but with Chinese gardens and other themes replacing the European and American motifs of earlier parks . Status : Under construction , due to open December 2015  read Theme Park Guy 's updates  . Zwanzger says : "  Almost every decade in the past half-century we 've had a new Disneyland somewhere in the world and this is the one for this decade . "  Design-wise it 's going to be a bit of an experiment , and I think that is a wise move . "  I am absolutely convinced it 's going to be a success because Disney innovates , surprises and invests into attention to detail , you 've got more than a billion people in China , and it 's still quite inconvenient for Chinese mainland passport holders to travel abroad . " Ca n't wait : Try Disneyland Hong Kong , Lantau Island , Hong Kong ; +852 3550 3369 Dubai Parks  UAE Concept : Three parks in one vast area 60 kilometers from Dubai 's international airport . These include a Legoland  the world 's seventh  , a Bollywood-themed park and Motiongate Dubai  a Hollywood-themed park  . Status : Under construction , scheduled for completion in 2016 .  read Theme Park Guy 's updates  . Zwanzger says : "  This is a revival of the Dubailand idea , with a different developer . "  Dubailand was intended as a massive development with eight , nine or 10 theme parks in the deserts of Dubai . In the end , not one was built . "  Once again , the plan is to create a hub of family entertainment in the Middle East and in Dubai . Alcohol-free , family-orientated fun under the sun . "  If you ask me , it 's the perfect fit for the region . It 's also a smart move to limit it to three parks in the first phase , rather than 10 . " Ca n't wait : Try Wild Water Wadi , Jumeirah Road , Dubai , United Arab Emirates ; +971 4 348 4444 Avatar Land  near Orlando , Florida Concept : A park that brings to life Pandora , the blue-peopled planet of James Cameron 's sci-fi movie "  Avatar . " Avatar Land will sit within Disney 's Animal Kingdom . Status : Under construction , scheduled for opening in 2017  read Theme Park Guy 's updates  . Zwanzger says : "  This will be James Cameron 's first theme park involvement since the ` Terminator 2 : 3-D ' ride he directed and designed together with Gary Goddard for Universal Studios . "  Seeing the merciless perfection that comes with a Cameron movie applied to a theme park is really exciting . "  A lot of new technology has been promised for Avatar Land , with the animatronics expected to be more lifelike than anything seen before . "  Combining the talents of Disney Imagineering with James Cameron is going to create something really ambitious and unique . " Ca n't wait : Try Terminator 2 : 3-D at Universal Studios Florida ,1000 Universal Studios Plaza , Orlando , Florida ; +1 407 363 8000 Universal Studios Beijing  China Concept : A reworking of Universal concepts for a Chinese audience that could follow earlier Universal parks in franchising other studio properties such as "  Shrek " or "  Harry Potter . " Status : After sitting on it for a few years , Universal has just re-announced the project with a fanfare price tag of $ 3.3 billion . No opening date , but Chinese media reports a 2019 debut  read Theme Park Guy 's updates  . Zwanzger says : "  Of course , it makes sense for Universal to get into the Chinese market as it did for Disney , and I think it 's a great idea to build a park near Beijing . "  There are a lot of theme parks in mainland China , but no international brands operating yet . Disney will be the first and Universal second -- and it 's a good idea they wo n't be in the same city . " Ca n't wait : Try Happy Valley Beijing , Xiaowujibei Road , Dongsihuan , Chaoyang District , Beijing ; +86 10 6738 3333 Universal Studios Moscow  Russia Concept : An indoor Universal Studios park complete with retail mall south of Moscow . Status : Announced in 2012 but as yet no sign of construction  read Theme Park Guy 's updates  . Zwanzger says : "  There 's no theme park in or around Moscow whatsoever . "  For those who have n't been , it 's a huge , modern , buzzing London-style metropolis , nothing less . Countless people live and work there , and an indoor entertainment facility for them would make a lot of sense . "  In Russia there 's really almost nothing resembling a modern theme park -- the first ever opened in Sochi earlier this year -- and we 're talking about a nation of more than 140 million people . " "  This is going to be the first of several . "  Apart from Universal , a local developer has tied up with DreamWorks to build three major indoor theme parks in Moscow , St. Petersburg and Yekaterinburg . "  Construction on them is due to commence this or next year . " Ca n't wait : Try Sochi Park Adventureland , Str . Ostrowski , 23 , Sochi , Russia ; +7 988 3603868 20th Century Fox World  Genting , Malaysia Concept : Mountaintop resort that 'll be Fox 's first movie-branded theme park with rides expected to relate to popular Fox films including "  Ice Age , " "  Rio , " "  Alien vs. Predator , " "  Planet of the Apes " and "  Night at the Museum . " Status : Under construction , expected to open 2016  read Theme Park Guy 's updates  . Zwanzger says : "  Genting Highlands is home to Malaysia 's only casino and part of the complex was an amusement park . It was one of the scariest I 've been to as all the rides were in such an abysmal condition . "  They 've now demolished the old park and are replacing it with one carrying the Fox brand . "  Fox has never built a movie theme park from scratch although it had a small studio-linked one in Sydney . So this will be a prototype and , it 'll be interesting to see how it performs . " Ca n't wait : Try Sunway Lagoon , 3 , Jalan PJS 11/11 , 46150 Petaling Jaya , Malaysia ; +60 3 56 390 000 Paramount Park London  Kent , UK Concept : Details expected imminently , but likely to feature rides and attractions based around Paramount studio properties like "  Star Trek " and "  Mission Impossible . " Status : Still a few planning hurdles to overcome , but projected to be opening in 2020  read Theme Park Guy 's updates  . Zwanzger says : "  A lot of Paramount movie theme parks were announced in the past decade , in China , Korea , Japan , Dubai , Spain . None of them has been built , so this one would be the first of its kind . "  The UK is obviously neither China nor Dubai , so everything will take a bit longer . "  As far as I am aware , consultations are now taking place between the developers and local residents . "  I hope it 'll go ahead . I can totally see a major theme park succeeding in the vicinity of London . " Ca n't wait : Try Parque Warner Madrid , M-301 , Km 15.5 , 28330 San Martin de la Vega , Madrid , Spain ; +34 902 02 41 00 Wanda group  all over China Concept : Chinese leisure giant plans string of hugely expensive theme park complexes across China in a bid to challenge Disney and stamp its mark as a major player on the global entertainment industry  read Theme Park Guy 's updates  . Status : Several already under construction , including an indoor movie theme park in Wuhan . Last year Wanda reportedly announced a $ 5.9 billion theme park for Wuxi , west of Shanghai , that 's been seen as a rival to Disneyland . It 's said to be one of 10 "  cultural cities " that Wanda intends to roll out across China . Zwanzger says : "  Wanda Group 's got a huge budget and they 're doing to their best to hire whoever they can find to bring major theme park experiences to China . "  There 's a lot going on , a lot of talk and construction , but it 's hard to see how it will pan out because there 's no Wanda theme park in operation right now . We 'll see . " Ca n't wait : Try Fantawild theme parks across China . Atlantis  Sanya , China Concept : An aquatic-themed resort and park on Hainan , a southern Chinese island often compared to Hawaii . This 'll be the third Atlantis , after the Bahamas and Dubai . Status : Construction not yet underway . Scheduled for completion in 2016  read Theme Park Guy 's updates  . Zwanzger says : "  Sanya has a beautiful coastline and it 's one of the few places in China where you can get lots of blue sky . "  I can completely see an Atlantis resort and water park succeeding here . "  Hainan is very close to Vietnam , but it 's very different to what you get in other parts of Southeast Asia . It 's a high-end Dubai-style luxury destination that few people outside of China know about . Yet . " Ca n't wait : Try Atlantis Paradise Island , 1 Casino Drive , Paradise Island , Bahamas ; +1 242 363 3000 IMG Worlds of Adventure  Dubai , UAE Concept : Vast indoor theme park with four zones including Cartoon Network and Marvel comic franchises . Status : In final stages of construction , due to open at end of 2014 , but more likely 2015  read Theme Park Guy 's updates  . Zwanzger says : "  With a huge number of theme parks opening almost simultaneously in the UAE in the next couple of years , it 'll be very interesting to see if they 'll be a success or have a hard time attracting the crowds . "  IMG Worlds of Adventure , compared to government-backed Dubai Parks & Resorts , is a family enterprise in conjunction with a huge bank loan . "  It 's an expensive undertaking . I have no idea if it 'll ever break even . " Ca n't wait : Try Ferrari World , Yas Island , Abu Dhabi ; +971 2 496 8000	Construction boom set to bring numerous theme park openings over the next five years China and the UAE lead the theme park building charge with multiple major projects underway Moscow and London also getting their first major branded theme parks
CNN  -- Last week , I joined the board of a new organization to oppose marijuana legalization : Smart Approaches to Marijuana . The group is headed by former U.S. Rep. Patrick Kennedy and includes Kevin Sabet , a veteran of the Office of National Drug Control Policy under President Obama . The new group rejects the "  war on drugs " model . It agrees that we do n't want to lock people up for casual marijuana use -- or even stigmatize them with an arrest record . But what we do want to do is send a clear message : Marijuana use is a bad choice . There are many excellent reasons to avoid marijuana . Marijuana use damages brain development in young people . Heavy users become socially isolated and perform worse in school and at work . Marijuana smoke harms the lungs . A growing body of evidence suggests that marijuana can trigger psychotic symptoms that otherwise would have remained latent . It 's possible to imagine a marijuana rule that tries to respond precisely to such risk factors as happen to be known by the current state of science . Such a rule might say : "  You should n't use marijuana until you are over 25 , or after your brain has ceased to develop , whichever comes first . You should n't use marijuana if you are predisposed to certain mental illnesses  most of which we ca n't yet diagnose in advance  . Be aware that about one-sixth of users will become chronically dependent on marijuana , and as a result will suffer a serious degradation of life outcomes . As yet , we have no sure idea at what dosage marijuana will impair your ability to drive safely , or how long the impairment will last . Be as careful as you can , within the limits of our present knowledge ! " Yet as a parent of three , two exiting adolescence and one entering , I 've found that the argument that makes the biggest impression is : "  Marijuana is illegal . Stay away . " I think many other parents have found the same thing . When we write social rules , we always need to consider : Who are we writing rules for ? Some people can cope with complexity . Others need clarity . Some people will snap back from an early mistake . Others will never recover . "  Just say no " is an easy rule to follow . "  It depends on individual risk factors , many of them unknowable in advance " -- that rule is not so easy . Richard Branson : War on drugs a trillion-dollar failure Over the past three decades , and in area after area of social life , Americans have replaced simple rules that anybody can follow with complex rules that baffle large numbers of people . Consider , for example , the home mortgage . Once the mortgage was a very simple product . Put 20 % down , then sign up for a fixed schedule of payments over the next 30 years . In the space of a single generation , these 30-year fixed-rate amortizing mortgages turned what had been a nation of renters into a nation of homeowners . For more sophisticated buyers , however , the standard mortgage was a big nuisance . For them , bankers developed more flexible products : no money down , no documentation , interest-only , adjustable rate . These products met genuine needs . But as they diffused down-market , they became traps for people who did not understand the risks they were accepting . Consider how we finance higher education . Once , state governments subsidized their universities to offer a low tuition fee to all comers . Fee increases at private universities were constrained by the lower fees at the public institutions : Duke can raise its price only so high above the University of North Carolina . The universities soon realized , however , that by setting their tuition fees low , they were forgoing revenues that might be collected from the most affluent students . Universities rapidly raised their tuition fees , then offered discounts and aid to students in need . Kevin Sabet : Legalize Pot ? No , reform laws But while anybody could understand a $ 500 per semester tuition bill , the new system of rebates confuses the very people who most need help . A few days before Christmas , Jason DeParle of The New York Times reported a depressing example of the toll modern financial aid exacts upon students from less sophisticated backgrounds . He told the story of three bright girls from poor families who had recently tried -- and failed -- to gain college degrees . One of them was admitted to Emory , a prestigious school with a full-ticket price of $ 50,000 , but one that grants very generous financial aid -- if the student can figure out how to make the financial aid work for her . The trouble was that students who most need aid are often precisely those who have nobody around them who has ever successfully navigated a complicated bureaucratic institution like a university financial aid office . "  Though Emory sent weekly e-mails -- 17 of them , along with an invitation to a program for minority students -- they went to a school account she had not learned to check , " DeParle wrote . "  Angelica reported that her mother made $ 35,000 a year and paid about half of that in rent . With her housing costs so high , Emory assumed the family had extra money and assigned ... an income of $ 51,000 . ...  Angelica  discovered what had happened only recently . " Unable to cope with the school 's e-mail system or to decrypt its rules for imputing family income , Angelica finally dropped out of Emory , burdened by $ 61,000 in student debt . In 1943 , Vice President Henry Wallace published a book celebrating the coming "  century of the common man . " That century did not last very long . We have transitioned instead into the era of the clever man and clever woman . We have revised our institutions , our programs , our rules in ways that offer profitable new chances to those with cultural know-how -- and that inflict disastrous consequences on those who are overwhelmed by a world of ever-more-abundant and ever-more-risky choices . Opinion : The end of the war on marijuana We 're not going to uninvent the no-money-down loan . Universities that receive applications from all over the planet can not finance themselves like an old-fashioned state land-grant college . But we need to recognize that modern life is becoming steadily more dangerous for people prone to make bad choices . At a time when they need more help than ever to climb the ladder , marijuana legalization kicks them back down the ladder . The goal of public policy should not be to punish vulnerable kids for making life-wrecking mistakes . The goal of public policy should be to protect  to the extent we can  the vulnerable from making life-wrecking mistakes in the first place . There 's a trade-off , yes , and it takes the form of denying less vulnerable people easy access to a pleasure they believe they can safely use . But they are likely deluding themselves about how well they are managing their drug use . And even if they are not deluded -- if they really are so capable and effective -- then surely they can see that society has already been massively re-engineered for their benefit already . Surely , enough is enough ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	David Frum : Casual use of marijuana should n't be a reason to lock people up He says there are serious risks to brain development , mental health in using marijuana Frum says it 's better to send simple message that marijuana is illegal He says too often social rules become so complex many people ca n't navigate them
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Michael Jackson 's health deteriorated so badly in the last weeks of his life that he could n't perform some of his trademark dance moves , according to evidence presented in his family 's lawsuit against a concert promoter . Jurors in the wrongful death trial Friday watched a comparison of Jackson 's performance of "  Billie Jean " from 2001 with rehearsal video from June 2009 , when he was preparing for his "  This Is It " comeback concerts . "  I have watched him deteriorate in front of my eyes over the last 8 weeks . He was able to do multiple 360 spins back in April . He 'd fall on his ass if he tried now , " production manager John "  Bugzee " Houghdahl wrote in an e-mail to AEG Live CEO Randy Phillips on June 19 , 2009 . Show director Kenny Ortega sent Jackson home from a rehearsal that night because of his strange behavior . "  He was a basket case and Kenny was concerned he would embarrass himself on stage , or worse yet -- get hurt , " Houghdahl wrote . "  The company is rehearsing right now , but the DOUBT is pervasive . " Executives asked : Did Jackson need a straightjacket ? The e-mail chain -- titled "  trouble at the Front " -- is key evidence in the trial in which Jackson 's mother and three children contend AEG Live is liable for the singer 's death because it negligently hired , retained and supervised Dr. Conrad Murray . Murray , who was convicted of involuntary manslaughter in Jackson 's death , told police he used the surgical anesthetic propofol to treat Jackson 's insomnia so he could be rested for rehearsals . The coroner ruled Jackson 's June 25 , 2009 , death was caused by an overdose of propofol . AEG Live lawyers argue it was Jackson who chose and supervised Murray and that their executives had no way of knowing about the dangerous propofol treatments being administered in the privacy of Jackson 's home . Houghdahl 's e-mail came during a "  highly charged time " when there was doubt the show would be ready for its London debut in July of that year , Phillips testified Friday . Phillips met with Dr. Murray , Michael Jackson and Ortega at Jackson 's home a day after getting the Houghdahl e-mails , according to testimony . While Jackson lawyers argue that meeting was intended to pressure Murray to make sure Jackson was ready for rehearsals , AEG lawyers contend Dr. Murray assured producers nothing was wrong with him . ` Miracle ' of Jackson 's concert announcement described AEG 's lawyer showed jurors a clip Thursday of Jackson performing several non-consecutive 360-degree spins while rehearsing his song "  Billie Jean " on June 5 , 2009 . Phillips described them as "  multiple 360 spins , " although conceding he was not a choreographer . Jackson lawyers , in their rebuttal Friday , showed the jurors the side-by-side comparison of the routine in 2001 and the one weeks before Jackson 's death that was seen in the "  This Is It " documentary made from rehearsal video . "  Anywhere in the movie does it show Michael Jackson doing multiple 360 spins ? " Jackson lawyer Brian Panish asked Phillips . "  No , " Phillips said .	Jurors watched a comparison of Jackson 's performance of "  Billie Jean " in '01 and '09 Show director was "  concerned he would embarrass himself on stage , or worse yet -- get hurt " Jackson lawyers argue AEG Live pressured his doctor to get Jackson ready for rehearsals AEG Live lawyers argue Jackson chose and supervised Dr. Conrad Murray
Atlanta  CNN  A report on lab safety at the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention put together by a committee of external experts calls the agency 's commitment to safety "  inconsistent and insufficient . " The report , which was completed in January but posted on the agency 's website this week , also says "  laboratory safety training is inadequate . " The report was put together by an external group of 11 experts in biosafety , laboratory science and research . In the report , they say they are "  very concerned that the CDC is on the way to losing credibility . " The agency created the advisory group to improve lab safety in July in the wake of two mishaps and other issues that were uncovered through procedural reviews . One incident occurred in June when dozens of employees in a bioterrorism lab working with the deadly anthrax virus , were at risk because of a failure to properly follow sterilization techniques . The head of that lab resigned after the incident . This followed a May incident in which avian influenza samples , thought to not be dangerous , were unintentionally mixed with the deadly H5N1 influenza virus and then shipped to a USDA lab . Then in December , with the advisory group already working to reduce lab safety risks and improve the culture of safety , employees in the Ebola lab were potentially exposed to that virus when a technician mistakenly transported the wrong specimens from a high-level lab to a lower-level lab . Internal investigations were done after each incident , and various changes were recommended such as cameras being added to some labs and certificates being required to transfer samples from some labs , following the Ebola incident . The four-page report summarizes the groups findings and offers recommendations following visits to CDC labs , meetings with CDC staff and a survey about the laboratory safety culture at CDC . The report recommends all CDC labs go through an external review and accreditation process . They suggest the College of American Pathologists for clinical labs and the American Biological Safety Association for research labs . To that point , the committee says in the report , "  The CDC must not see itself as special . The internal controls and rules that the rest of the world works under also apply to CDC . " Other recommendations include : -- Funding for lab safety programs and standardized training . -- Implementing risk assessments . -- Establishing a system of responsible science and accountability . -- Rewarding researchers who run safe labs . -- Hiring a director to oversee lab safety . In response to the recommendations , CDC Chief Operating Officer Sherri Berger said in a statement , "  It 's critical that we continue to solicit feedback on how we can improve our operations , especially functions as critical as lab safety . We brought this group of external experts together over the summer to assist us with identifying and implementing solutions , of which many are already underway . "	External advisory committee to CDC warns the agency is on its way to losing credibility Group of experts says CDC 's commitment to safety is "  inconsistent " and "  insufficient " Advisory committee recommends all CDC labs go through external review and accreditation process
CNN  -- Novak Djokovic will head to London to defend his ATP World Tour Finals crown on a high after winning back the Paris Masters title Sunday . The Serbian ended David Ferrer 's reign in Bercy , winning the final 7-5 7-5 in just under two hours to become only the 15th tennis player to hold 40 ATP Tour titles . He kept alive his hopes of ending the year as world No. 1 for the third consecutive time by defeating the man who made it possible -- Ferrer eliminated top-ranked Rafael Nadal in Saturday 's semis . The Australian Open champion has now won six titles this year , having also reached the finals of the U.S. Open and Wimbledon . "  I am definitely playing the best tennis this year now , " said Djokovic , who also won the 2009 Paris title . "  I 'm playing on a very high level and have lots of confidence in myself , in my game . " Djokovic has won 17 matches in a row since losing to Nadal in New York , and has a 66-9 record this year . On Tuesday he will start his London campaign against Roger Federer , who he beat on Saturday , while Ferrer faces a rematch with Nadal in the other four-man group . "  I played maybe better than yesterday , and I lost , " said world No. 3 Ferrer . "  I am happy with my game , because the last few tournaments I played well and I am happy with myself . " The Bryan brothers will go to London as clear favorites in the doubles after thrashing their closest rivals Alexander Peya and Bruno Soares 6-3 6-3 in Sunday 's Paris final . Mike and Bob have almost double the ranking points of the Austrian/Brazilian duo , who will make their debut in the season-ending event . "  We 're very happy with our performance against a team that has had a fantastic year and who is playing with a lot of confidence at the moment , " Bob Bryan said ahead of his 11th appearance . Meanwhile , Italy clinched a fourth Fed Cup title Sunday , beating a weakened Russia team 4-0 in Sardinia . World No. 7 Sara Errani clinched her country 's first women 's crown since 2010 by beating 183rd-ranked Alisa Kleybanova 6-1 6-1 . The second reverse singles was not played , but Karin Knapp and Flavia Pennetta beat Margarita Gasparyan and Irina Khromacheva in the dead doubles rubber . Russia 's top 11 players were unavailable for the final , which clashed with the WTA Tour 's Tournament of Champions in Bulgaria . Simona Halep capped her breakthrough season by claiming her sixth title and passing $ 1 million in prize money this year as she came from behind to beat former U.S. Open champion Sam Stosur 2-6 6-2 6-2 on Sunday . It will move the 22-year-old up to 11th in the rankings , putting her within touching distance of becoming just the third Romanian player to crack the WTA 's top 10 . She is managed by one of the other two , Virginia Ruzici -- the only Romanian woman to win a grand slam title . "  Hopefully I can play next year like I played this year and do well in Australia , " Halep said . Former world No. 4 Stosur also lost to Halep in last month 's Kremlin Cup final , having won the Osaka title before that .	World No. 2 Novak Djokovic wins the Paris Masters title for the second time Djokovic beats defending champion David Ferrer in Sunday 's final Both will now head to London for the season-ending ATP World Tour Finals Italy clinches fourth title in women 's Fed Cup , beating Russia 4-0 in final
CNN  -- When I moved to Washington almost 20 years ago , I subscribed to four daily newspapers . Printed newspapers , that is : on paper , with ink . In the mid-1990s , network news was already a fading phenomenon . But the Washington media elite booked time to watch programs such as "  Crossfire " at the time they were broadcast . For special events , one might fire up the VCR . But the technology was inconvenient and annoying , and the tapes were awkward to store . E-mail had existed for some time , as had online discussion groups , and other innovative communications technologies . But it was still new that major media companies had ventured online : 1996 was the year that The New York Times and The Washington Post launched their websites . Longer form journalism , the kind published by magazines , still arrived in the mailbox via the U.S. Postal Service . We already had cell phones , of course . We used them to make phone calls . Offline , the past 20 years have not been a period of remarkable technology progress , not when compared with say 1894-1914  invention of the radio , the vacuum cleaner , the safety razor , the first plastic and propelled aviation , and diffusion of the telephone , the automobile , electric light , the phonograph and motion pictures  or 1935-1955  penicillin , radar , the first freeway , the first supermarket , the first home freezer , commercial aviation , credit cards and the birth-control pill  . As compared to the mid-1990s , we have n't seen much progress in the way we get to work or travel to different countries . We heat and light our homes more or less as we did then . Treatments have radically improved for HIV/AIDS , but otherwise transformative medical breakthroughs have arrived only slowly . What did arrive , of course , was the revolution in creating and sharing digital information . In most respects , this revolution has proven a thrilling force for human emancipation . Yet nothing , no matter how beneficial , comes unattended by negative side effects . The digital revolution has played havoc with the profitability of media companies . The troubles of newspapers are notorious , but life is not a lot more comfortable for radio and television companies . The most successful business model yet discovered in this new environment is to reinvent the news organization as a news community . At a time when people are less inclined to join institutions , new kinds of media can offer a community substitute : an environment in which users can have their identities ratified and their beliefs validated . The fastest way to generate such a sense of community is to conjure up threats : health scares , crime waves , wars on Christmas . Isolated in self-selected communities , these threats wo n't be tested very hard against contrary realities . As every roller-coaster owner knows , people like to be scared . Unreal fears are the best of all , since nobody in the end really gets hurt . The faster today 's fears evanesce , the more compulsively must the audience return tomorrow for more . Information has never been more accessible and abundant . And yet so much of that information turns out not be true . And whereas in early terms it was the least informed people who were vulnerable to the grossest inaccuracies , today it is very often the nominally best informed . How you assess economic conditions , for example , turns out be less connected to actual economic events than how you feel about the party of the president . Better education seems actually to enhance one 's vulnerability to partisan distortion : A 2008 Pew study found that Republicans who had completed college were more likely to reject the scientific consensus on climate change than Republicans who had not done so . More sophisticated news consumers turn out to use this sophistication to do a better job of filtering out what they do n't want to hear . This is the environment that made conservatives vulnerable to Cliven Bundy -- and that will , as surely as hucksters follow money , expose liberals to Bundy 's opposite number the week after next , or maybe the week after that . The digital revolution offers the most stirring new possibilities to the human intellect since the invention of the printing press . But as Albert Einstein said after the nuclear revolution : Everything seems to have changed except our modes of thinking . *** This will be my last column for CNN.com . I am truly grateful for the magnificent opportunity to interact with this vast audience . From here onward , my written work will all be found at my new media home , TheAtlantic.com -- where I 'll do my best to counteract the disturbing trend described above .	Frum : In 20 years , the media scene in America has changed radically Digital media have grown , while traditional media shrank He says people such as Cliven Bundy help media rally partisans , stoking fears Frum : Even highly educated people are susceptible to partisan falsehoods
Bogota , Colombia  CNN  -- Colombian rebels and the government are in "  exploratory " talks to end the country 's nearly 50-year armed conflict , President Juan Manuel Santos said Monday . Speaking on national TV , the president said military operations would continue alongside any negotiations with the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , commonly known as the FARC . The FARC , which has been at war with the Colombian government since the 1960s , is Latin America 's oldest insurgency . "  We have developed exploratory talks with the FARC to seek an end to the conflict , " said Santos , whose popularity has suffered because of the widespread perception that security has worsened under his leadership . He vowed to avoid the mistakes of the past . "  Colombians can rest assured that the government is acting with prudence , seriousness and firmness -- always putting first the welfare and peace of all residents , " the president said . Santos invited members of a second rebel group -- the National Liberation Army , or ELN -- to also join in the talks . Earlier , current and former government sources told CNN that the government and rebels met in Cuba to discuss the possibility of peace . Present at the discussions , the sources said , were members of the FARC and representatives of Santos . The sources asked to remain anonymous because they were not authorized to discuss the matter with media . Previously on CNN.com : Indigenous groups clash with Colombian soldiers The Venezuelan government was reportedly key to bringing the two sides together , the sources said . Peace talks between the rebels and the government have occurred sporadically since the 1980s . The last attempt fell apart in 2002 . Then-President Andres Pastrana ended negotiations after rebels launched a series of attacks across the country , in an apparent bid to strengthen their position . Since then , the sides have reached a kind of "  hurting stalemate , " said Adam Isacson , senior associate at the Washington Office on Latin America . Though severely weakened in recent years , the FARC continues to carry out kidnappings and attack security forces . "  Neither side thinks they 're going to win anytime soon , " said Isacson . "  What they 're looking at is losing thousands more people , with nothing to show for it . " Of course , it remains unclear whether the two sides will reach an agreement at all , and if they do , what that deal might look like . It 's also unclear how much of the FARC the group 's leadership would be able to deliver , said Isacson . The FARC opened the door for talks this year . In a January statement , rebels said they would be interested in addressing certain issues at a "  hypothetical negotiating table , " calling on the government to address such subjects as privatization , deregulation and environmental degradation . The statement was signed by the FARC 's leader , known as Timoleon Jimenez . "  This conflict will have no solution until our voices are heard . Without lies , Santos , without lies , " the statement read . This spring , the FARC freed the last of 10 government hostages after holding them for more than a decade . In February , the rebel group said it would also stop kidnapping civilians for money . It did not address the fate of its civilian captives , nor did the group renounce kidnapping for political purposes . Hundreds of civilians remain prisoners of the guerrilla group throughout Colombia , according to the nonprofit Free Country Foundation . The United States and European Union consider the FARC a terrorist organization . Boos greet Colombian president in FARC area CNN 's Dana Ford , Marilia Brocchetto and journalist Fernando Ramos contributed to this report .	NEW : The two sides have reached a "  hurting stalemate , " says an analyst Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos vows to avoid the mistakes of the past Previous peace talks fell apart more than a decade ago The FARC has been at war with the government since the 1960s
Cairo  CNN  -- Supporters and opponents of deposed Egyptian president Mohamed Morsy clashed near Cairo 's Tahrir Square on Monday , leaving one person dead and 26 others injured , an emergency official said . Opinion : Why the Muslim Brotherhood ca n't back down In one incident , a gunman opened fire near the square with an automatic weapon , and at least two people dropped to the ground , a witness told CNN . It was n't clear which side the gunman belonged to . At least some of the clashes occurred when Morsy supporters who had been marching toward the U.S. Embassy shifted toward the square , where some Morsy opponents were , witnesses said . Some Morsy supporters had gathered outside the U.S. Embassy on Monday but were dispersed by Egyptian security forces , who fired tear gas at them , state-run EGYNews reported . The embassy is about 1 kilometer from Tahrir Square . The clashes come nearly three weeks after Morsy , backed by the Muslim Brotherhood , was forced out of office by the Egyptian military . . Egypt has been on edge ever since , with dozens reported killed and thousands injured in protests . CNN 's Mitra Mobasherat contributed to this report .	Supporters and opponents of Morsy clashed near Cairo 's Tahrir Square One person dead and 26 others injured , an emergency official said The clashes come nearly three weeks after Morsy was forced out of office
Washington  CNN  -- Potentially hundreds of American veterans and their family members who were laid to rest at Arlington National Cemetery were misidentified or mislocated , including some in an area that includes grave sites from the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , according to a new Army investigation . The investigation culminated in a change in leadership at the historic cemetery that has been home to U.S. veterans since 1864 . "  I deeply apologize to the families of the honored fallen resting in that hallowed ground , who may now question the care afforded to their loved ones , " Secretary of the Army John McHugh said . McHugh launched the Army inspector general 's investigation last fall after reports of cremated remains being buried in the wrong grave sites , according to Army officials . It was an expansion of an ongoing investigation into cemetery management issues launched by previous Secretary Peter Geren . The investigation cited missing burial records , unmarked graves and burial urns put in a spillage pile , where dirt dug up for grave sites is left . Investigators also said inaccurate burial maps are a "  systemic problem , " which did not allow them to visit all the graves in question . Army investigators found a "  lack of established policies and procedures , a failure to automate records , and long-term systemic problems , " documents show . After reviewing the investigation , McHugh made immediate changes but did not fire anyone . Instead , he ordered punishments to the cemetery 's leadership . Longtime Superintendent John C. Metzler was reprimanded , and his deputy , Thurman Higginbotham , was temporarily removed pending further review . The general in charge of the Army investigation , Lt. Gen. Steven Whitcomb , said that two of the 211 mismarked graves were those of troops buried in the section reserved for those killed in Iraq and Afghanistan . McHugh said those problems had been resolved . The other 209 or so were scattered among three other sites at the cemetery during an unknown period of time , Whitcomb said . "  I do n't know that there could be many more , but there could be more , " he said . With the cemetery holding more than 300,000 graves going back almost 150 years , the Army admits it ca n't guarantee that all will be accounted for . McHugh would not identify the names of the remains affected by the mismanagement . "  While the inspector general 's team found that -LSB- cemetery -RSB- employees performed their jobs with dedication and to a high professional standard , they also found them hampered by dysfunctional management , the lack of established policy and procedures and an overall unhealthy organizational climate , " McHugh said . "  That ends today . " Some 330,000 veterans and their family members are buried at the tree-covered and hilly Arlington , Virginia , site overlooking the nation 's capital . McHugh said during a Pentagon press briefing Thursday that Metzler , the 19-year superintendent , will receive a letter of reprimand to last three years in his permanent work file . Additionally , Metzler will receive reduced benefits for his poor management of the facility . Before Thursday 's announcement , Metzler had filed for retirement effective July 2 . But McHugh will not let him serve out his full duties , according to his letter of reprimand . Metzler will be responsible for funeral operations until his retirement , and the cemetery 's management duties will be given to an interim superintendent . "  Given your decision to retire , I have elected not to initiate more severe disciplinary action , " McHugh said in the letter of reprimand . McHugh also created a position to oversee operations at Arlington and will himself oversee the superintendent position . Metzler 's final duties will include ensuring a smooth transition for the person coming into this new position . While Metzler is blamed for poor management , deputy Higginbotham is being looked at for improper activities , including making false statements to Army investigators , creating a hostile work environment , having unauthorized access to employee e-mails and signing a false document , according to Pentagon officials close to the case . According to a Pentagon official not authorized to speak publicly about the case , the Army will ensure that Higginbotham will not work at the cemetery . The Army has created a call center to address family concerns regarding burial discrepancies at Arlington National Cemetery . The number is  703  607 - 8199 and will be open from 8 a.m. until 9 p.m. beginning Friday .	Hundreds of graves misidentified or mislocated , Army inspection finds Two were in section reserved for those killed in Iraq , Afghanistan Cemetery superintendent receiving letter of reprimand Deputy was put on administrative leave
CNN  -- As Gulf Coast residents wait for a huge oil slick to reach their shores , the spill and the massive response already have begun wreaking havoc on livelihoods in a region where jobs are largely dependent on two ocean intensive industries : seafood and tourism . Stephen Denmark , a city council member in Dauphin Island , Alabama , said Saturday that local scientists are predicting that the seafood crop could take a decade to recover from the oil slick . "  The last two years have been tough already , " Denmark said , referring to the recession . "  This will be catastrophic to the mom-and-pop businesses , which is 90 percent of the business down here on the island . " Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal said Saturday that heavy oil is likely to begin hitting the state 's coast by Sunday or Monday . U.S. Coast Guard Commandant Adm. Thad Allen -- the Obama administration 's national incident commander for the slick -- said Saturday that oil also is likely to reach shorelines in Mississippi and Alabama in coming days . But some Gulf Coast oyster beds and other seafood harvesting grounds are already awash in oil , according to Casi Callaway , executive director of the Alabama-based environmental group Mobile Baykeeper . "  It 's already covering shrimp beds and shrimp grounds in the Gulf , " she said . "  So it 's here and it 's now and it 's happening . " Callaway said that the oil could ruin oyster beds for up to two decades . Forty percent of the fish harvested in the lower 48 states comes from the Gulf of Mexico . Vacationers , meanwhile , spend billions of dollars every year in the region . But this week , many Americans canceled plans to travel to the Gulf Coast over the summer . "  I 'm pretty much on pause right now ... it 's just a big waiting game , " said David Boola , a fisherman who leads boat trips out of Venice , Louisiana . "  I 'm extremely worried because I have customers that -LSB- have -RSB- already canceled trips , " Boola said Saturday . "  I should be out taking people fishing today and I 'm not . I 'm not making money today . Or tomorrow . I 'm worried about the ` now ' factor , you know ? " Besides the oil , the deployment of hundreds of thousands of feet of floating booms along the Gulf Coast to protect sensitive land areas has kept many fishing boats tied up at the dock . In Florida 's Panhandle , where Saturday was the deadline for tourists to cancel summer plans at many hotels , phones were ringing off the hook . "  In the hurricane season , you know you ca n't stop the hurricane , but you can prepare ... and we 're great at that , " said Jewel Cannada-Wynn , deputy mayor of Pensacola , Florida . "  But how do we deal with an oil spill ? It 's a helpless feeling . " Blows to seafood and tourism are likely to be felt in other industries in the Gulf Coast and beyond . "  It affects the people that truck it , the people that make the ice , the people that -LSB- provide -RSB- fuel -- the labor just to transport it is just monumental , " said Denmark , describing the long chain of workers involved in harvesting and shipping seafood . "  It 's not just the people that catch it and process it . "	Spill and response already have taken toll on seafood , tourism industries Dauphin Island , Alabama , city official : Seafood crop could take a decade to recover Forty percent of fish harvested in the Lower 48 states comes from the Gulf Vacationers spend billions in the region , but many Americans have canceled plans
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Stung by an audit report this week that highlighted "  $ 16 muffins " at a conference at the Capital Hilton in Washington , the hotel chain is fighting back , insisting the pricey pastries were not that expensive . Hilton Worldwide responded to the much-publicized cost of the muffins , disputing the $ 16 per muffin charge cited by the Justice Inspector General in an audit of costs incurred at Justice Department conferences in 2008 and 2009 . "  The contracted breakfast included fresh fruit , coffee , juice , and muffins , plus tax and gratuity for an inclusive price of $ 16 per person , " Hilton Worldwide said in a statement from corporate headquarters in McLean , Virginia . The Office of Inspector General said it stands by its report , noting investigators examined receipts submitted for the reception . But Hilton says "  dining receipts are often abbreviated and do not reflect the full pre-contracted menu and service provided , as is the case with recent media reports of breakfast items approved for some government meetings . " "  We made several attempts to reach the Capital Hilton during the course of the audit , and they were not responsive to our numerous requests , " Jay Lerner , the spokesman for the Justice Office of Inspector General , told CNN late Friday . The report by the Inspector General noted the training conference for the Executive Office for Immigration Review held in August 2009 served 534 people . The conference attendees averaged a daily cost of $ 14.74 for refreshments over the five day meeting just above the $ 14.72 limit set by the Justice Department . The Inspector General agreed the reception provided the free items Hilton says were included . But the tussle in a teapot centers on the receipt for $ 4,200 for 250 muffins and $ 2,880 for 300 cookies and brownies . "  By itemizing these costs , we determined that with service and gratuity muffins cost over $ 16 each and cookies and brownies cost almost $ 10 each , " the Inspector General report said . But Hilton says that simply does n't provide the full picture . "  Hotel teams tailor these events to provide maximum value and ensure the best experience possible , " Hilton said . The Inspector General 's report indicates the Hilton "  provided meeting space without charge . " But the Inspector General office told CNN it does not know whether the food and beverage cost at that conference was in any way impacted by the "  free " rental space . The story of pricey muffins struck a nerve because of a widely-held view that government officials spend taxpayer funds too freely . And it follows a report in 2007 by a previous Justice Inspector General which highlighted "  $ 5 meatballs " at one legal conference . That led to tighter Justice Department rules to curtail excessive conference costs . CNN 's Jim Barnett contributed to this report .	Hilton Worldwide says muffins were part of $ 16 breakfast Inspector General say it itemized the costs at conference But it does not know whether food tab factored in "  free " meeting space
CNN  -- When Chris Wood turned professional in 2009 , he came agonizingly close to winning a major title in his rookie season -- but it 's been tough going since then . The English golfer finished tied for third at that year 's British Open after missing out on victory at his final hole , having been fifth the previous season as the leading amateur . Now he has finally tasted success on the European Tour , landing a spectacular eagle on the last hole to claim the Qatar Masters on Saturday . He headed off veteran Sergio Garcia and South African George Coetzee by one stroke to earn the â ‚ ¬ 310,917  $ 418,000  first prize , thanks to a 202-yard six iron over the water that finished 10 feet from the hole . "  There 's an enormous weight lifted off my shoulders today . I feel like I can go on and win more , " said Wood , whose only other professional win came at the OneAsia Tour-sanctioned Thailand Open last year . "  I knew it was going to be hard no matter how I played -- winning on The European Tour is not easy . "  I 've been knocking on the door in previous times and it 's not happened . To get it today , to get my first win , it 's such an honor . I 'm so pleased . " The 25-year-old had led by three shots going into the final round , but then dropped two off the pace after the opening nine holes to bring back memories of losing tournaments in 2010 and 2011 on the last day . "  I 've seen a few mates picking up trophies and I 've been waiting patiently for my time . I felt like I was due to win for a couple of years , " said Wood , who will qualify for next month 's WGC-Accenture Match Play in Arizona after moving from 142nd in the rankings to inside the top 64 . He closed with three-under-par 69 to deny Coetzee his first European Tour success . The 26-year-old stormed home with a 65 , firing an eagle and six birdies to record his 21st top-10 finish . He finished tied with Garcia on 17-under 271 , with the Spaniard -- seeking his 11th European Tour win and first since 2011 -- closing on 66 . "  Chris hit a great drive and a great six iron and then a wonderful putt , " said Garcia , who would have returned to the world 's top 10 for the first time in more than three years if he had won . "  Obviously he 's been trying for a while and he deserves it , and after the start he had today , it 's quite impressive for him to come back the way he did and win . I gave it my best effort . " World No. 4 Justin Rose , the highest-ranked player in the field and runner-up in Abu Dhabi last weekend , tied for 16th . Meanwhile , the third round of the PGA Tour 's Farmers Insurance Open was delayed by fog on Saturday . Only a handful of players made it out onto the course before play was suspended , with halfway leader Tiger Woods holding a two-shot advantage after 36 holes as he and most of the field waited for their new tee-off times .	English golfer Chris Wood wins Qatar Masters by one shot after spectacular finish He heads off Spanish veteran Sergio Garcia and South Africa 's George Coetzee The 25-year-old qualifies for next month 's WGC-Accenture Match Play in Arizona Garcia denied a return to top-10 rankings as he tied for second place with Coetzee
Miami  CNN  -- Rapper Rick Ross suffered medical emergencies aboard two separate flights , forcing both back to the ground , officials said Friday . Ross was taken to a Florida hospital after he suffered an unidentified medical emergency on a Delta flight to Memphis a law enforcement source with direct knowledge of the situation told CNN . A Broward County Sheriff 's Office fire rescue team met Delta Flight 1310 at the Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport , said the source , who was not authorized to speak to the media . "  Ross was breathing and conscious and alert when we reached the passenger on the plane , " said the source . "  He was conscious on transport . He was assessed and transported to Broward General Medical Center . " The rapper later wrote on his Twitter account that he was headed to Memphis and posted a video with him on a plane , getting ready to take off . His flight , however , was diverted to Birmingham , Alabama , according to CNN Memphis affiliate WMC . The station reported that Ross had suffered a seizure and was hospitalized . The University of Alabama at Birmingham Hospital confirmed that it had an emergency room patient under the name of William Leonard Roberts . Ross , born William Leonard Roberts II , is famous for songs such as "  9 Piece . " He was scheduled to perform Friday night in Memphis , at the FedExForum , for the "  Memphis Madness " event . The rapper missed that appearance , according to WMC . CNN 's Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	NEW : Rick Ross reportedly suffers a seizure NEW : The event marks his second medical emergency of the day A source tells CNN another incident happened aboard a Delta flight The rapper was alert when rescue workers met him , the source says
Jakarta , Indonesia  CNN  -- Indonesia and the United States share principles of unity and tolerance and both can benefit from strengthened ties that will bolster trade and combat terrorism , President Obama said in a highly anticipated speech Wednesday . The address at the University of Indonesia was considered a highlight of Obama 's two-day stop in the southeast Asian nation where he spent four years of his childhood . As the nation with the largest Muslim population in the world , Indonesia was chosen as the site for Obama to further address U.S. relations with the Islamic world following his speech on the topic last year in Cairo , Egypt . He referred specifically to the Cairo speech of June 2009 , noting he called there "  for a new beginning between the United States and Muslims around the world -- one that creates a path for us to move beyond our differences . " "  I said then , and I will repeat now , that no single speech can eradicate years of mistrust , " Obama said . At the same time , he promised that "  no matter what setbacks may come , the United States is committed to human progress . " America "  is not , and never will be , at war with Islam , " Obama insisted . "  Instead , all of us must defeat al Qaeda and its affiliates , who have no claim to be leaders of any religion -- certainly not a great world religion like Islam . " Indonesia has been rocked by terror attacks such as bombings on Bali in 2002 and 2005 , and Obama noted the nation 's progress "  in rooting out terrorists and combating violent extremism . " However , Muslims staged rallies across Indonesia on Sunday to protest the American president 's visit , and about 20,000 people attended the demonstrations , a spokesman for a protest group said . "  We do n't see the differences between Obama and  former U.S. President George W.  Bush . They both oppress Muslims . They both have blood on their hands , " said Ismail Yusanto , a spokesman for the Muslim group Hizbut Tahrir . "  That 's why we reject Obama and we do n't believe that he 's reaching out to Muslims . " In his speech Wednesday , Obama reflected on his years in Indonesia , referring to how he and his family were warmly accepted . He got cheers when he sprinkled sayings from the local Malay language , such as "  Selamat Datang " -- a greeting of welcome -- and the national motto "  Bhinneka Tunggal Ika , " which means "  unity in diversity . " Noting that Malay is one of hundreds of languages of the archipelago nation , Obama lauded Indonesia for its spirit of inclusiveness despite its diverse population and history of dictatorship . "  But even as this land of my youth has changed in so many ways , those things that I learned to love about Indonesia -- that spirit of tolerance that is written into your constitution , symbolized in your mosques and churches and temples standing alongside each other ; that spirit that is embodied in your people -- that still lives on , " he said . Now , Obama said , he returned as the U.S. president seeking "  a deep and enduring partnership " with Indonesia , "  because as vast and diverse countries ; as neighbors on either side of the Pacific ; and above all as democracies -- the United States and Indonesia are bound together by shared interests and shared values . " "  America has a stake in an Indonesia that is growing , with prosperity that is broadly shared among the Indonesian people -- because a rising middle class here means new markets for our goods , just as America is a market for yours , " Obama said . The U.S. leader called for Indonesia 's continued development and warned that would require "  a refusal to tolerate the corruption that stands in the way of opportunity , " along with a commitment to transparency and protecting the freedom being honored on the Heroes ' Day holiday Wednesday marking Indonesian independence . "  Our nations show that hundreds of millions who hold different beliefs can be united in freedom under one flag , " Obama said . "  And we are now building on that shared humanity -- through the young people who will study in each other 's schools ; through the entrepreneurs forging ties that can lead to prosperity ; and through our embrace of fundamental democratic values and human aspirations . " CNN 's Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	President speaks about relations , religion in nation with largest Muslim population Obama recalls the welcome and acceptance he received when he lived in Indonesia as a boy Shared principles of unity and tolerance underpin U.S.-Indonesia relations , Obama says
CNN  -- Lindsey Vonn might have surrendered her World Cup crown , the American skier is not giving her heir apparent Tina Maze a free run to glory . Vonn upstaged the Slovenian on her home course at Maribor to claim the 59th World Cup win of her career in Saturday 's giant slalom . Maze , who has already sealed this season 's giant slalom title , finished second to extend her overall lead to 748 points from Germany 's Maria Hofl-Riesch , who was fourth behind Anna Fenninger of Austria . "  It was my first GS race since my comeback and I did n't know I would be able to win today , " said Vonn , who took almost a month out after suffering stomach problems . "  Training went well this week and the conditions were perfect today for a good performance . I know I can ski well in Maribor , the slope suits me . It 's just that I never managed to have two clean runs together . " She is now three wins behind Annemarie Moser-Proll 's record of 62 , having picked up just her third giant slalom victory and her first since she clinched a fourth World Cup title in March 2012 . "  The timing for the world championships could not be more perfect . This is a highlight after a tough moment . It also convinced me I could do well in giant slalom and I will race in four events at the worlds , " Vonn said , referring to the February 4-17 event in Schladming , Austria Maze had led after the first run , but Vonn came from third to win by 0.08 seconds in front of 25,000 spectators . "  I was skiing to win but unfortunately I made a mistake on top and that was n't sufficient to beat Lindsey , " said the 29-year-old Maze , who will line up again in Sunday 's slalom . "  I am happy with today . It is an incredible feeling to race in front of so many people cheering for you ! I could hear them from top to bottom . Of course it is not easy to race when everybody expects you to win . This adds a little bit of pressure . But there is another race tomorrow and I 'm looking forward to it . " Meanwhile , Italian skier Dominik Paris celebrated his second victory this season after winning the prestigious downhill race at Kitzbuhel in Austria , one of the most feared runs on the men 's circuit . Paris topped his only previous World Cup win -- a dead heat tie for first with Hannes Reichelt in Bormio at the end of last year -- with a time of one minute 57.56 seconds . "  This is the best victory one could have in a winter . Bormio was my first and for sure it 's special , but winning Kitzbuehel is something I wanted to do since I was about six years old so this is a dream come true , " the 23-year-old said . This time Reichelt  1:57.69  had to settle for third place behind Canada 's Erik Guay  1:57.92  . Norway 's Aksel Lund Svindal finished ninth to be 59 points behind leader Marcel Hirscher in the race for the overall title .	U.S. skier Lindsey Vonn wins 59th World Cup race of career in Slovenia on Saturday Vonn upstages home hero Tina Maze to triumph in women 's giant slalom at Maribor Maze extends her overall lead to 748 points as she finishes second ahead of Anna Fenninger Italian Dominik Paris wins prestigious men 's downhill race at Kitzbuhel in Austria
CNN  -- Humberto Leal Garcia Jr. , a Mexican national convicted of raping and killing a 16-year-old girl in 1994 , was executed by lethal injection Thursday evening in Texas . The case 's flurry of legal appeals and pleas for clemency were prompted by an international dispute over the rights of the foreign-born on American death rows . The Supreme Court earlier denied a stay of execution for the convicted killer , despite opposition from the Obama administration and the Mexican government . Leal was pronounced dead at 6:21 p.m. CT  7:21 p.m. ET  , according to a corrections spokeswoman . "  I am sorry for everything I have done , " Leal said at the Huntsville facility before he was executed . "  I have hurt a lot of people . Let this be final and be done . I take the full blame for this . " Leal then shouted "  Viva Mexico , " followed by "  I 'm ready warden , let 's get the show on the road . " His last meal consisted of fried chicken , pico de gallo , tacos , two colas and a bowl of fried okra . What made Leal 's conviction unusual was that he was not informed about his right to contact the Mexican consulate upon his arrest -- a right guaranteed under a binding international treaty . Leal 's appellate lawyers argued such access could at the very least have kept Leal off death row . Mexico strongly condemned the execution , saying it violated an International Court of Justice ruling ordering the United States to review capital convictions of Mexican nationals . Leal , 38 , was convicted of raping Adria Sauceda , a 16-year-old girl in San Antonio , and then fatally strangling and bludgeoning her with a 35-pound piece of asphalt in 1994 . The Supreme Court justices split 5-4 along conservative-liberal lines in denying a stay of execution . In an unsigned opinion by the majority , the court refused to delay the execution until Congress could pass pending legislation giving federal courts the authority to hear similar claims from foreign inmates . "  We decline to follow the United States ' suggestion of granting a stay to allow Leal to bring a claim based on hypothetical legislation when it can not even bring itself to say that his attempt to overturn his conviction has any prospect of success , " said the majority . In dissent , four justices led by Stephen Breyer urged a delay in moving ahead with Leal 's execution . "  It is difficult to see how the State 's interest in the immediate execution of an individual convicted of capital murder 16 years ago can outweigh the considerations that support additional delay , perhaps only until the end of the summer , " said Breyer , who was supported by Justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg , Sonia Sotomayor , and Elena Kagan . Sandra Babcock , lead appellate attorney , said , "  it is shameful that Mr. Leal will pay the price for our inaction . The need for congressional action to restore our reputation and protect our citizens is more urgent than ever . " "  This case was not just about one Mexican national on death row in Texas , " Babcock said in a statement . "  The execution of Mr. Leal violates the United States ' treaty commitments , threatens the nation 's foreign policy interests , and undermines the safety of all Americans abroad . " The state 's Board of Pardons and Parole ruled that Leal did not deserve to have his death sentence commuted to life in prison without parole . The victim 's mother , Rachel Terry , had called for the execution . "  A technicality does n't give anyone a right to come to this country and rape , torture and murder anyone , in this case my daughter , " she told CNN affiliate KSAT in San Antonio . Terry described her daughter as "  a beautiful , bright , vibrant young woman , full of hope and aspirations . " "  It 's been difficult for myself and her family members , " she added . "  She certainly was taken away from us at a very young age . We just want closure . " Leal 's lawyers argued the consulate access violation was more than a technicality . Babcock told CNN that Mexican officials would have ensured Leal had the most competent trial defense possible , if they had been able to speak with him right after his felony arrest . "  I think in most of these cases it was not a deliberate thing . Local police lack training " on the Vienna Convention , Babcock said , referring to the international agreement that includes consular access . Leal 's backers say he had learning disabilities and brain damage , and suffered from sexual abuse at the hands of his parish priest , and that consul officials would have assisted in such a defense . They say those factors should have been considered at the sentencing phase of the trial . Leal claimed he did not learn of his consular access right until two years after his capital conviction . He said he learned of the right not from any official , but from a fellow prisoner . Eventually , between 2010 and 2011 , Leal was visited by a representative of the Mexican government more than 10 times , said Judy Garces , press relations spokeswoman with the Mexican Consulate in San Antonio . The state argued that Leal -- who has lived in the United States since age 2 -- never revealed his Mexican citizenship at the time of arrest , and his defense team never raised the consular access issue at or before trial . Prosecutors also said the evidence against him was indisputable . The victim was tortured , and a bite mark on her body was matched to Leal . A bloody shirt belonging to Sauceda was discovered at the suspect 's home . The two had attended a party separately earlier that evening . The girl 's nude body was found on a dirt road . Leal was one of 40 Mexican citizens awaiting lethal injection in U.S. prisons . The issue turned on what role each branch of government plays in giving force to international treaty obligations . Three years ago , the Supreme Court justices concluded Texas could execute another Mexican man sentenced to death for murder . Jose Medellin was given a lethal injection by the state a few months later . The question then and now is whether the state has to give in to a demand by the president that the prisoner be allowed new hearings and sentencing . In the 2008 case , President George W. Bush made that demand reluctantly after an international court concluded Medellin was improperly denied access to his consulate before his original prosecution , a violation of the treaty signed by the United States decades ago . The Mexican government filed a supporting appeal with the high court in Washington this past week , asking the justices to block Leal 's execution , citing Bush 's previous executive action . On Friday , the Obama administration asked Texas to delay the execution . "  This case implicates United States foreign policy interests of the highest order , " including protecting U.S. citizens abroad and promoting good relations with other countries , new Solicitor General Donald Verrilli Jr. said . Congress has also stepped in . Sen. Patrick Leahy , D-Vermont , chairman of the Judiciary Committee , introduced a bill in June to formally grant federal courts the power to review these kinds of appeals . "  This case is not an isolated instance ; the issue of consular notification remains a serious diplomatic and legal concern , " Leahy said Thursday . Texas Republican Gov. Rick Perry 's office countered that a federal appeals court had already given Leal the judicial scrutiny the Obama administration and the United Nations seek , ultimately rejecting his claims . "  If you commit the most heinous of crimes in Texas , you can expect to face the ultimate penalty under our laws , " Katherine Cesinger , spokeswoman for the governor , told CNN . "  Congress has had the opportunity to consider and pass legislation for the federal courts ' review of such cases since 2008 , and has not done so each time a bill was filed . " Ted Cruz , the state 's former solicitor general who argued the 2008 Supreme Court case for Texas , said Leal waited too long to raise these issues . "  The question is not should a foreign national have the right to contact their consulate , " Cruz told CNN . "  The question is , years later , after they have been tried , after they have been convicted , after it has been clear like Humberto Leal that they are a vicious child rapist and murderer , should you come in and set aside that conviction . You ca n't come back years later and try and set aside your trial with some additional claim you wish you had raised . " Cruz is now running for the U.S. Senate as a Republican candidate . The Supreme Court appeal is Leal v. Texas  11-5001  . Journalist Jocelyn Lane contributed to this report .	NEW : Mexico condemns execution of Humberto Leal Garcia Jr. in Texas The U.S. Supreme Court denied a stay of execution Leal was not informed of his right to contact the Mexican consulate upon his arrest Obama administration officials and others asked for a reprieve
The world 's oldest commissioned warship is to undergo a # 16 million  $ 25m  revamp , in what British defense authorities hope will restore the iconic battleship that is so central to Britain 's legacy as a maritime power . It will be the most extensive restoration to HMS Victory in more than 200 years , when she underwent repairs following the Battle of Trafalgar . "  It 's a massive task , " says project manager John O'Sullivan of BAE Systems , which has been contracted to carry out the works for five years with an option to extend that for a further five . However O'Sullivan believes a ship of this nature will always be a work in progress . "  The first five years will be intense , but it 's ongoing forever , it needs constant work . " HMS Victory was commissioned in 1778 and during three decades of service she saw some of the most legendary clashes . She 's the only surviving warship from the American War of Independence , the French Revolutionary War and the Napoleonic wars . It 's for the Battle of Trafalgar in the latter for which she is most well-known . The unsolved mystery of lost 19th century ` ghost ships ' As Lord Nelson 's flagship , HMS Victory served at the front of the battle on the Spanish coast . The Admiral was a hero of his day and well-respected for his strategic approach to battle . Despite having fewer ships than the Franco-Spanish fleet , Nelson managed to lead the British to triumph . However it was to be Nelson 's last mission . He received a fatal hit by a lead ball on deck . He was taken below where he died . Voyage to bottom of the sea for Sir Francis Drake 's remains Only 20 % of the vessel that stands today at Portsmouth , on England 's south coast , is from the original ship . The structure of the 246-year-old warship still marvels modern day experts . "  It 's a work of art , " says O'Sullivan . He believes even nowadays ship builders would struggle to replicate parts of HMS Victory . Over the centuries she 's undergone maintenance , but nothing of this magnitude . All of the outside of the hull will be re-planked , repairs will be made to the masts and work will be carried out on the interior . Teams have been preparing for the works since July , however over the next few weeks the project will step up a gear . Much of the restoration will be done by hand using traditional specialist skills , particularly when it comes to carving and shaping the wood . O'Sullivan hopes that throughout the project they 'll be able to train up new apprentices so that the art of repairing these types of ships is not lost . Britain 's Ministry of Defence has awarded the multi-million pound contract . While many would question why so much money is being invested into a project at a time of austerity in the UK , those close to the project believe it 's essential to preserve something which is of so much importance to British and maritime history . "  We ca n't just leave it , " says O'Sullivan . Such is the fragile nature of the ship , and because of its susceptibility to the elements , restoration must be carried out now or otherwise it will deteriorate . "  If we do n't do the work , eventually we 'll lose what we 've got . "	HMS Victory is the world 's oldest commissioned warship British defense authorities have awarded a # 16 million  $ 25m  contract to revamp the ship Much of the restoration will be done by hand using traditional specialist skills
Bangkok  CNN  -- Much of Southeast Asia continued its recovery from heavy rains and extensive flooding Friday , including scores of deaths and extensive damage in Thailand . The wet weather is not entirely abnormal in the region , which is still in the midst of its wet season . Still , the extent of destruction has been particularly devastating in some locales in recent weeks . Thai authorities early Friday said that the flooding had left at least 244 people dead , and some 28 provinces have been affected . More than 820,000 households have been affected in four of the hardest-hit provinces -- Ayutthaya , Lop Buri , Chai Nat and Nakhon -- the state-run MCOT news agency reported , quoting the national disaster prevention and mitigation ministry . An official Thai industrial agency urged factories in Ayutthaya province to shut down through October 11 in order to give it more time to tackle pervasive flooding . The same MCOT report described the situation at the Rojana Industrial Park , in particular , as "  critical . " A government industrial ministry said water will continue to rise over a flood prevention dike , causing issues in the park which has 198 factories that employ 90,000 people . Nationwide , Thai 's Labor ministry reported Friday that 1,215 factories in 33 provinces were underwater -- a disaster that affected about 41,000 workers . Almost half of those workers were in Ayutthaya . Moreover , a corrections department official told MCOT that 3,700 inmates in that province had to be evacuated after their prison was submerged under 1.7 meters  6 feet  of water . Filipinos , meanwhile , are trying to regain their footing after being pummeled by successive typhoons in the span of a week . Typhoon Nesat -- known locally as Pedring -- claimed 55 lives , and the death toll from Nalgae -- known locally as Quiel -- rose to four earlier this week . Health and government officials were working fervently to prevent more deaths Friday as they provided medical treatment for people from flood-stricken areas . Health Secretary Enrique Ona said that 54 medical teams from hospitals in and around Manila have gone to evacuation centers in Bulacan and Pampanga to treat the ill , the state-run Philippine News Agency reported . About 3,600 patients in evacuation centers had respiratory diseases , such as the flu and pneumonia , while there were about 600 diarrhea cases , said Ona . In addition , five in Bulacan had leptospirosis , a bacterial disease . Nearby countries were also dealing with the aftermath of severe flooding . That includes Laos , where the top official in Savannakhet province requested "  large amounts of government funding " in 12 of 15 districts , money that could be used to repair irrigation systems and develop anti-flood systems , according to the state-run KPL news agency . And in Cambodia , Agriculture minister H.E. Chan Saran said that flooding there had affected more than 330,000 hectares  815,000 acres  of rice fields and killed 1,000 working animals in 103 of the nation 's 145 districts , the official AKP agency reported Thursday . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton offered her nation 's "  deepest condolences " for the families of those who died in Southeast Asia due to the heavy rains and flooding . "  Our embassies in the region are working with local authorities and international organizations to assess how the United States can be of help to countries where the impact of the flooding has been especially devastating , " Clinton said in a statement . CNN 's Kocha Olarn contributed to this report .	Flooding in Thailand leaves at least 244 dead and 1,215 factories submerged It affects 28 provinces , including 820,000 households in four provinces Doctors in the Philippines are treating thousands forced to evacuate due to floods Laos , Cambodia and other nations also have been impacted
CNN  -- Baseball . The radio . Summer . There is something about the connection between the three of them that nothing can tear apart . If baseball on the radio sounds a little different lately , there is a reason . Richard Sandomir of The New York Times reported recently on the proliferation of "  drop-in " advertisements on radio broadcasts of ballgames around the nation . Drop-in ads are paid commercials that air not as traditional advertisements , but as part of the play-by-play . The first walk during a New York Yankees game is accompanied by "  Just walk into CityMD 's six convenient locations " ; the first run scored in a Texas Rangers game is described by the play-by-play man as "  the First Financial First Run . " It should n't be surprising that this is happening . Baseball has always been a relentlessly and unapologetically revenue-seeking enterprise . Have you ever seen photos of the outfield walls in big-league ballparks in the early to mid-20th century ? Even NASCAR 's marketing strategists would have been envious of the do n't - waste-an-inch commercial clutter . Broadcast entities have to find a way to make back the money they spend for radio rights . According to USA Today the average salary of a Major League Baseball player this year -- the average salary -- is around $ 3.6 million , and everything from ticket fees to concession-stand prices is reflective of the sport 's runaway inflation . So no one should be startled by the presence of the drop-in radio ads . Yes , they frequently can be an irritant to the flow of the play-by-play . But ours is a sponsor-and-advertising-driven culture overall ; that 's not going to go away . And baseball on the radio -- distinct even from baseball itself -- is durable and steady in ways that ca n't be easily spoiled . Baseball on the radio is one part of the sport that somehow , despite everything , still manages to feel good . On the radio , baseball is less literal than baseball on television . With the measured voices of the most skilled announcers accompanied by the resonant humming undertone of the crowd , the echo from down on the diamond of the crack of a bat against a fastball , and the occasional thump of a foul ball bouncing off the top of the play-by-play booth , there is a kind of romance in a radio broadcast . The sports-page and sports-website coverage of the business of baseball may , of necessity , be dismaying and ugly lately . A visit to the ballpark in person brings on the sticker-shock of those prices on everything from hot dogs to souvenirs to parking spots . Baseball on the radio , though , remains free . Unlike viewers of cable TV or subscribers to satellite radio , fans of home-team games on their hometown radio stations do n't have to pay a cent to listen . The sound of it all is very much what the sound has been forever . Because the pace of the game is leisurely , local play-by-play announcers , over a 162-game season , develop a relationship with their listeners unique in sports . They have to talk a lot , even when there 's not much going on down on the field , and the audience grows accustomed to , and comfortable with , their relaxed voices and their heard-but-not-seen personalities . And that 's just during routine games . At certain moments , radio broadcasts of ballgames can become part of the very fabric of a town -- the authentication of how sports can help define the meaning of community . How good can it get ? For a gold-standard example from the history of the sport and of the medium , listen to the KMOX radio broadcast of Stan Musial 's final at-bat for the St. Louis Cardinals before his retirement . The date was September 29 , 1963 , at the old Busch Stadium in St. Louis . On the play-by-play was Harry Caray , in the years before he moved to Chicago to broadcast the White Sox and then the Cubs . Some older residents of St. Louis recall a television simulcast of Caray 's call , but it is the KMOX radio version that is indelible in their memories : "  Here 's Musial . Listen to the crowd again . "  The roar is heard behind Caray 's voice .  "  A base hit would give the Cardinals the lead . "  The noise sustains .  "  First pitch . Oh , what a cut he had , and he fouled it back . Hey , he really had a swing at that one . "  The crowd begins to clap rhythmically in unison .  ... "  The stretch by Maloney . Low curve . " And then , unforgettably , from Caray : "  Take a good look , fans . ... Take a good look . This might be the last time at bat in the major leagues . Remember the stance ... and the swing . "  The rhythmic clapping in the stands grows more insistent .  "  You 're not likely to see his likes again . " The procession of the game : "  Fast ball , low and away . " And soon : "  The pitch to Musial . "  Caray 's voice rises to be heard above the mounting crowd noise .  "  A hot shot on the ground into right field , a base hit ! ... The Cardinals lead , one to nothing , listen to the crowd ! Listen to the crowd ! Let 's see , now ! Manager Johnny Keane is talking to Gary Kolb . "  Stan is at first base . He might be waiting for this applause on the hit to die down . ... They 'll tear the joint apart when he trots off the field . ... Now listen . Gary Kolb is going to replace Musial . ... There he goes ! The end of a great career . A standing ovation for Musial . ... " Could being in the stands have been any more memorable than listening to that ? I remember talking once with a woman in her 80s . She was residing in an assisted-living facility ; her husband had died the year before , and the end of their lifetime of long conversations in the evenings had left a void . She told me that , even though she had never been much of a baseball fan , she found herself tuning in , each evening , to the strong-signal WLW Radio out of Cincinnati . For three hours , she said , she would listen to Marty Brennaman and Joe Nuxhall broadcast the Reds ' games . Their voices -- reliable , unhurried -- became her companions . A part of life she could count on . "  Take a good look , fans . ... Take a good look . " It 's possible , on summer nights , to see most clearly with your eyes closed . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : Baseball radio play-by-play is working commercials into the announcers ' descriptions He says baseball on the radio is still special -- it 's free and comforting commentary in summer At times , play-by-play can reach heights , as in description of Stan Musial 's last at bat , Greene says
CNN  -- The girlfriend of self-avowed National Security Agency leaker Edward Snowden wrote that she was "  adrift in a sea of chaos " after he spilled government secrets and decamped to Hong Kong . In a post on her blog , Lindsay Mills -- who described herself as a "  pole-dancing superhero " -- said she was typing on a "  tear-streaked keyboard . " "  For those of you that know me without my super hero cape , you can probably understand why I 'll be refraining from blog posts for awhile . My world has opened and closed all at once . Leaving me lost at sea without a compass , " she wrote Monday , a day after American and British newspapers published Snowden 's identity as the source behind their reports on the U.S. surveillance programs . No sign of NSA leaker as U.S. investigation builds steam "  Surely there will be villainous pirates , distracting mermaids , and tides of change in this new open water chapter of my journey . But at the moment all I can feel is alone . And for the first time in my life I feel strong enough to be on my own . Though I never imagined my hand would be so forced . " The same day , on the photo-sharing website Flickr , Mills wrote , "  I have lost my compass and find myself adrift in a sea of chaos . Goodbye my friends . I 'll see you when the waves calmly set my vessel back on dry land . " Her blog has since been taken down . Snowden , 29 , touched off a Washington firestorm when he leaked classified documents that revealed the scope of the NSA 's collection of telephone and Internet data . There is no evidence that Mills knew of Snowden 's actions . Is Snowden a hero or a traitor ? Her father spoke to reporters Tuesday outside his home in Laurel , Maryland . He described Snowden as "  nice , shy , reserved . " His daughter and Snowden dated for four to five years . "  He 's always had strong convictions of right and wrong , and it kind of makes sense , but  I 'm  still shocked , " Jonathan Mills said . Julian Assange to Snowden : ` Go to Latin America ' He wished Snowden good luck : "  He 's got my love . " Snowden told the British newspaper the Guardian , one of the two outlets that broke stories on the programs last week , that he left his job with an NSA contractor in Hawaii without telling either his family or Mills . "  My family does not know what is happening , " he said . "  My primary fear is that they will come after my family , my friends , my partner . Anyone I have a relationship with ... I will have to live with that for the rest of my life . " What next for Snowden ?	NEW : Girlfriend 's father says he 's shocked by Snowden 's actions Lindsay Mills describes herself as a "  pole-dancing superhero " She took to her blog after her boyfriend came forward as the leaker behind Guardian , Post stories "  My world has opened and closed all at once , " she wrote Monday
CNN  Another winter storm is heading toward the Northeast , expected to add to already record snowfalls in the region . Winter storm warnings have been issued across upstate New York , northern Connecticut , northern Rhode Island and the greater Boston area . The National Weather Service predicts between 1 to 2 feet of snow to fall in northeastern Massachusetts through Monday night . Boston Mayor Martin J. Walsh is once again asking people to stay inside and off the roads . "  We need residents to take extra precautions as we prepare for another storm and extremely low temperatures , " he said in a statement . Flurries and light snow are expected to fall in Boston on Saturday evening , turning into heavy snow Sunday night through Monday . Two brutal storms hit the Northeast just last week , closing airports , canceling classes and creating piles of snow along cleared roadways . "  I 'm tired of it , " said Boston University freshman Cameron Barkan , who 's already missed three days of class because of the storms . "  I usually like snow , but this is just a little much , " he said . Boston set a record for the snowiest seven-day period in history with over 40 inches , according to the NWS . The city is way past its average annual snowfall of 47 inches . Track the storm CNN 's Sean Morris and Ed Payne contributed to this story	Third snowstorm of the year to hit Northeast Storm warning issued for parts of New York , Connecticut , Rhode Island and Boston Up to 2 feet expected to fall through Monday night in Boston
CNN  -- Mexico 's government must create jobs and improve education to help fight drug trafficking , the country 's senate president said in an interview with CNN en Espanol . "  Together they form a true strategy for fighting crime and violence , " said Sen. Manlio Fabio Beltrones Rivera , a top official in Mexico 's opposition Institutional Revolutionary Party . Currently , Mexico 's war on drugs is a "  fight of firepower between criminals and the state , " he said . "  We have seen 30,000 people die in the past four years , " Beltrones said . "  And we are very close to seeing , at the end of this six-year term , an equal number of dead as in the Vietnam War . " Mexican President Felipe Calderon announced a crackdown on cartels shortly after taking office at the end of 2006 . Since then , more than 28,000 people have died in drug-related violence across the country . And Calderon 's government has dispatched about 50,000 troops to the nation 's trouble spots . A past governor of Sonora state , which borders Arizona , Beltrones also discussed California 's recently defeated proposition to legalize marijuana . Proposition 19 , which failed to garner enough support from California voters earlier this month , left many Mexican lawmakers wondering what they would do if it had passed , he said . California has already legalized medical marijuana . Supporters of Proposition 19 argued that the "  prohibition " of marijuana -- much like that for alcohol decades ago -- has created a violent criminal black market , led today by international drug cartels . But opponents prevailed earlier this month . Still , Beltrones said the debate over legalizing marijuana is an issue Mexican officials will have to tackle "  sooner or later . " "  But we could not do it without developing a strategy with the United States , which is the drug 's largest consumer ... Crime and drug trafficking , which are transnational problems , need international solutions , " he said . CNN en Espanol 's Mario Gonzalez contributed to this report .	Sen. Manlio Fabio Beltrones says Mexico 's current war on drugs is a "  fight of firepower " There could be as many casualties as there were in the Vietnam War , he says Beltrones is a former governor of Sonora state , which borders Arizona
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A protester opposed to the expansion of Heathrow Airport threw green custard in the face of British Business Secretary Peter Mandelson on Friday . Mandelson : "  Thankfully , it was n't paint and I 've come through it intact . " Mandelson had just stepped out of his car for a meeting on carbon emissions when the woman threw the cup of custard at him . She shouted a few words at Mandelson , who rushed inside the building , before walking away . London 's Metropolitan Police said it did not arrest the woman because "  no complaint has been made as yet . " Plane Stupid , a group that opposes airport expansion and aviation-related climate change , identified the protester as Leila Deen , 29 . "  It 's not right that someone like Peter Mandelson can stand up and talk about being green . The only thing green about Peter Mandelson is the slime coursing through his veins , " said Deen , who said she works at a poverty charity . Deen disguised the custard in a disposable coffee cup with a lid . "  It was a grave decision that I had to take to highlight this , but we can not have people like Peter Mandelson standing by and being applauded for his actions on climate change when he 's agreed to the third runway and bullied others into that , " she added . Mandelson indicated that Deen failed to make her point . "  She was so busy throwing what seemed like green soup or something in my face that she failed to tell me what the protest was about , " he said . "  Thankfully , it was n't paint and I 've come through it intact . " Mandelson said he wanted to get on with his meeting "  and not bother too much with adolescent protests . " Watch Mandelson get "  slimed " " It was the second high-profile action this week by Plane Stupid , which has become known for headline-grabbing stunts . Tuesday , nine of the group 's protesters broke into the grounds of Aberdeen Airport in Scotland and delayed flights for several hours in a demonstration over expansion . The British government voted in January to approve a controversial third runway at Heathrow , saying it will increase airport capacity and is essential for British business . The government has promised noise and emission levels will actually be reduced as Britain meets European Union targets . Heathrow currently operates at 99 percent capacity . The runway 's construction would involve razing areas around the airport , including an entire village and parts of two other towns . Opponents say emission levels will actually increase under the plans .	Protester throws green custard over UK Business Secretary Peter Mandelson Anti-airport expansion group Plane Stupid claims responsibility for attack Mandelson : "  Thankfully , it was n't paint and I 've come through it intact " Protester : "  Only thing green about him is the slime coursing through his veins "
CNN  -- Computer applications can drive cars , fly planes , play chess and even make music . But can an app tell a story ? Chicago-based company Narrative Science has set out to prove that computers can tell stories good enough for a fickle human audience . It has created a program that takes raw data and turns it into a story , a system that 's worked well enough for the company to earn its own byline on Forbes.com . Kristian Hammond , Narrative Science 's chief technology officer , said his team started the program by taking baseball box scores and turning them into game summaries . "  We did college baseball , " Hammond recalled . "  And we built out a system that would take box scores and historical information , and we would write a game recap after a game . And we really liked it . " Narrative Science then began branching out into finance and other topics that are driven heavily by data . Soon , Hammond says , large companies came looking for help sorting huge amounts of data themselves . "  I think the place where this technology is absolutely essential is the area that 's loosely referred to as big data , " Hammond said . "  So almost every company in the world has decided at one point that in order to do a really good job , they need to meter and monitor everything . " Narrative Science has n't disclosed how much money is being made or whether a profit is being turned with the app . The firm employs about 30 people . At least one other company , based in North Carolina , is working on similar technology . Meanwhile , Hammond says Narrative Science is looking to eventually expand into long form news stories . That 's an idea that 's unsettling to some journalism experts . Kevin Smith , head of the Society of Professional Journalists Ethics Committee , says he laughed when he heard about the program . "  I can remember sitting there doing high school football games on a Friday night and using three-paragraph formulas , " Smith said . "  So it made me laugh , thinking they have made a computer that can do that work . " Smith says that , ultimately , it 's going to be hard for people to share the uniquely human custom of story telling with a machine . "  I ca n't imagine that a machine is going to tell a story and present it in a way that other human beings are going to accept it , " he said . "  At least not at this time . I do n't see that happening . And the fact that we 're even attempting to do it -- we should n't be doing it . " Other experts are not as concerned . Greg Bowers , who teaches at the Missouri School of Journalism , says computers do n't have the same capacity for pitch , emotion and story structure . "  I 'm not alarmed about it as some people are , " Bowers said . "  If you 're writing briefs that can be easily replicated by a computer , then you 're not trying hard enough . "	Tech company created program that turns data into stories Narrative Science has earned a byline from Forbes.com Journalism experts say machines ca n't tell real stories
CNN  -- Going into Monday night 's CNN/Tea Party Debate , the anticipation was that the two frontrunners -- Texas Gov. Rick Perry and former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney -- would continue their argument over who created more jobs or whose position on Social Security was more electable . But early on it became clear that Perry , who holds a double-digit lead over all of his rivals , would be everyone 's target and one-time frontrunner Romney tried to bring Perry back closer to the pack and his other rivals tried to score points at the governor 's expense . Here 's how CNN 's analysts and contributors saw the debate : Who scored and who did n't ? Dana Loesch , CNN contributor and conservative talk show host : I think the overall standout , Romney and Perry really went at each other , they shot each other in each other 's foot . I think -LSB- U.S. Rep. Michele -RSB- Bachmann ultimately had some of the most solid answers of the night . If she expected to stay in or be in the top tier of candidates in this primary , she needed to be aggressive , hard-hitting and go after other candidates . That 's what she did . "  Overall , I would give it to Bachmann . -LSB- Newt -RSB- Gingrich always does well , but he 's been doing it for an incredibly long time . In terms of jobs , whenever Herman Cain spoke , every single time he spoke , he backed it up with a plan that he 's already published on his website . Paul Begala , CNN contributor and Democratic strategist : "  This is , in fact , I think long-term , strategically , the real Achilles heel for governor Perry , that is where Michele Bachmann took it -- she took it to ` crony capitalism . ' She 's trying to suggest that Rick Perry will depart from conservative values if there is money to be made for lobbyists . If this notion begins to take hold that Perry might sell out those conservative principles because he 's connected to a lobbyist , then Mrs. Bachmann may get back into the race , Mr. Romney may start to press this . When I talk to people in Texas , they think his Achilles heel is cronyism and pay to play . Romney vs Perry David Gergen , CNN senior political analyst : "  There 's no question that Romney and Perry will remain the frontrunners Romney has a better command of the facts . He 's a more practiced debater . He gave one of the best answers of his entire campaign when he was asked how he would balance the budget . But Perry has the command presence , and even though people took shots at him as you said , he deflected reasonably well , he came in as a better debater , he was more even this time . "  He talks a lot of Texas . He 's going to need to move beyond Texas . He 's clearly going to have to beef himself up on the international side . I would have to tell you , Rick Perry walked in here as a frontrunner tonight . And I imagine he walked out as the frontrunner . Erick Erickson , CNN contributor and RedState.com blogger : "  I think this may be the first debate where Mitt Romney did n't come out the clear winner . Perry needed to do well . I think he did well . I do n't think the Social Security exchange helps Mitt Romney at all at a Republican primary . He 's foolish to continue , and he may want to go after Perry on immigration or HPV . I think the majority of Republican voters agree with Perry . For the life of me , I ca n't understand why Romney would go with this . -LSB- Michele -RSB- Bachman was going to make this a key point and backed down from this . " Gloria Borger , CNN chief political analyst : "  I think that Mitt Romney started chipping away at the economic miracle of the state of Texas . And it 's clear he 's going to continue to go back at that . He said , you know , when you 're dealt four aces , it 's easy to win the hand . And I remember that happening with -LSB- 1988 Democratic presidential candidate -RSB- Michael Dukakis , talking about the "  Massachusetts Miracle . ' They started chipping away at that , it was a big problem for him . " On the ideological battle within the Republican Party Paul Begala , CNN contributor and Democratic strategist : Mitt Romney was cool , Rick Perry was hot . Mitt was factual and Rick was a little more emotional . It was really an interesting study in contrast . The real question is , which party ? Not who won , but which party ? If this is still the party of investment bankers who carry a putter at the country club , then Mitt Romney wins . If it 's people carrying a pitchfork to a tea party rally , Rick Perry wins . In the hall it sure sounded from the audience , a strikingly conservative , almost radically conservative audience which helps Rick Perry . Ari Fleischer , CNN contributor and former President George W. Bush press secretary : "  Perry 's gamble is that the American people want to push for greater change in entitlement programs , that they 're ready for something fundamental . Mitt Romney 's gamble is that they do n't want to do anything bigger fundamental , they really just want an expert to go in and change things around the edges and make some smart reforms . "  Who is going to be ascendant ? Will it be the tea party movement to change Washington or the more conventional traditional Republican -- keep what 's there , make it a little better , a little more cost-efficient . This is the dynamic in play right now . " Borger : "  I think what you 're seeing is this fight within the Republican Party , I could n't help but watch the debate and you saw Jon Huntsman and Mitt Romney , they looked like the old-time , establishment Republican candidates struggling to kind of say , ` OK , this is the way we 're going to take the party . ' Mitt Romney , it 's his turn to be nominated , he ran last time . "  And then you saw the other candidates , they 're saying , ` Wait a minute , wait a minute , we 're not going to go along with you . ' And then you saw Rick Perry , essentially trying to walk both sides of that , saying , ` You know what , yes , we passed the DREAM Act in my state . Yes , I ordered this vaccine for young women , ' something that tea party folks do not like , conservative Republicans do n't like . "  Trying to walk both sides of that , and come across as somebody who can appeal to independent voters while also appealing to tea party Republicans . That 's very difficult , but that 's what I think we saw Rick Perry try to do , and we 're going to continue to see him try to do that as he has to look at the general election . " On how this will play out into the general election Fleischer : "  I think that Republicans have to be careful here that Social Security does not become the defining issue that divides them in this primary . They have to remember in these debates to bring it back to Barack Obama , to jobs , to debt and deficits . This is the core strength that have made Republicans so strong in this cycle . The bigger perspective can not be lost as these debates continue . " Roland Martin , CNN contributor : "  If you 're a Latino voter , the last thing you wanted to hear was some of the stuff you heard tonight . Colorado , Arizona , New Mexico will be critical states when it comes to November 2012 . The GOP did themselves no favors tonight with Latino voters . "  Education did not come up in this debate at all . The only moment it came up was about abolishing the Department of Education . If you 're a parent trying to get your kid educated , not a single candidate offered anything to speak to the crisis we have in this country when it comes to education . Major failure in that . "	Romney and Perry entered as frontrunners and left as frontrunners , said David Gergen Dana Loesch : Bachmann was aggressive against opponents , improved her standing Debate demonstrated the ideological battle within GOP , said Paul Begala Fleischer : Group scored points with conservatives but raised questions about general election
Kathmandu , Nepal  CNN  -- A plane carrying tourists and others to a staging point for Mount Everest expeditions crashed Friday after striking an eagle on takeoff , killing all 19 people aboard , Nepali authorities said . The Sita Air flight from the Nepali capital of Kathmandu to the village of Lukla was carrying 16 passengers -- seven from the UK , five from China and four from Nepal -- in addition to the three-member crew , airline official Sameer Neupane said . The Dornier-built aircraft went down just two minutes after taking off from Kathmandu 's international airport , China 's state-run Xinhau news service reported Friday , citing Naryan Bastakoti , the deputy inspector general of Nepal Police at the airport . The plane crashed on the bank of the Maohara River in Bhaktapur District , Nepal 's Civil Aviation Authority said . Images from the scene showed emergency workers surrounding the plane 's charred remains , trying to extinguish flames . The flight was headed for Lukla , a village in northeastern Nepal that is the starting point for many expeditions to Mount Everest , the world 's tallest peak . This is the high season for visitors to the Everest region . While the crash remains under investigation , it appears the plane 's collision with a black eagle was a factor , according to Ratish Chandra Lal Suman , general manager of Tribhuvan International Airport in Kathmandu . Officials have recovered the plane 's flight data recorder , he said . The UK Foreign Office confirmed that seven British nationals were on the flight . China 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs also confirmed the death of five Chinese nationals . The Britons were booked on a trek with Sherpa Adventure Travels , said Sonam Sherpa , the manager of the trekking company . The 13-day hike would have taken the tourists to the base camp at Everest and back to Lukla , Sherpa said . A U.S.-based company , Explore Worldwide , also issued a statement Friday saying that the British tourists were customers of the company and that a member of the company 's Nepalese staff was among those killed . It appeared that Explore had partnered with Sherpa Adventure Travels to conduct the trip . Plane crashes are not uncommon in Nepal . A small plane crashed in a mountainous area of the country in May , killing 15 of the 21 people on board . And a year ago , a plane returning to Kathmandu from a sightseeing tour hit a mountain and broke into pieces . All 19 passengers on board died , including two Americans . CNN 's CY Xu in Beijing and Jethro Mullen in Hong Kong contributed to this report .	NEW : UK Foreign Office confirms the death of seven British nationals The dead also include Chinese and Nepalese people , an airline official says The plane collided with an eagle before it crashed , an airport official says The British passengers were booked on a hike to Everest , a tour company says
New York  CNN  -- Timothy Haydock , an emergency room physician and Kennedy family friend , is expected to take the stand Thursday in the trial of the son of the late Robert F. Kennedy . Douglas Kennedy is accused of twisting one nurse 's arm and kicking another in January as he tried to leave the maternity ward of a suburban New York hospital with his newborn son . Haydock , who was with Kennedy at the time of the incident , previously asserted that the "  nurses were the only aggressors " and is considered a key witness for the defense . Nurses describe alleged assault by Kennedy son His testimony is expected to fit the defense 's narrative that Kennedy 's actions , which were in part captured on hospital surveillance video , were the result of an overly aggressive hospital staff and the product of a father 's instincts to protect his child . Judge John Donahue -- not a jury -- is hearing the case involving misdemeanor charges of harassment and child endangerment . Kicking off the trial , the two sides outlined significantly divergent scenarios of what happened at Northern Westchester Hospital . One of the nurses , Anna Lane , testified Monday that she 'd initially reached in to hold open an elevator door to prevent Kennedy from leaving that way . When he headed toward a stairway door , she ran to it and put her hand on the doorknob . "  I had my hand behind my back and he grabbed my left hand -- which was on the doorknob -- and twisted my arm , " said Lane . Kennedy raised his foot and kicked another nurse , Cari Luciano , who 'd come to help before entering the stairway , Lane added . But he only got down as far as the next landing , where he was met by security . The defense team was tough on the nurse . Suggesting she had an ulterior motive given Kennedy 's high profile , lawyer Robert Gottlieb questioned a tearful Lane why , if recounting her story was so emotionally difficult , she had recounted her version of what happened so soon after the incident on NBC 's "  Today Show . " After Kennedy was arraigned in February , his attorney released a statement stating that nurses initially agreed to let him take the baby outside and demanding "  appropriate disciplinary action " be taken against Lane and Luciano . Kennedy lawyer says nurses should be disciplined	Douglas Kennedy is accused of twisting one nurse 's arm and kicking another in January Haydock previously asserted that the "  nurses were the only aggressors " Judge John Donahue is hearing the case involving misdemeanor charges
CNN  Police have arrested four students from Wesleyan University in connection with a drug overdose over the weekend . They are to appear in court next week . Ten students and two visitors were hospitalized Sunday from complications arising from the use of the drug Molly or from alcohol . The Middletown , Connecticut , Police Department reported that 11 were hospitalized because of Molly and one because of alcohol . The arrested students were Andrew Olson , 20 ; Rama Agha Al Kakib , 20 ; Eric Lonergan , 21 , and Zachary Kramer , 21 , police said in a statement . They face charges ranging from possession of a controlled substance and possession of a hallucinogen to possession of drug paraphernalia . Lonergan faces 16 counts of illegally obtaining or supplying drugs . Wesleyan University has suspended the students . University President Michael S. Roth has described Molly as a refined form of MDMA with "  extremely dangerous " effects . MDMA is the active ingredient in the drug ecstasy . According to the Drug Enforcement Administration , most often Molly is not MDMA , but a toxic mixture of lab-created chemicals . And Middletown police said on Tuesday that they expect multiple designer drugs were in the Molly . They have executed four search warrants to find out more about where the drugs came from . Most of the chemicals are meant to stimulate the central nervous system to cause euphoric highs . They can also cause a rapid heartbeat , high blood pressure , blood vessel constriction and sweating , and can prevent the body from regulating temperature . Some of the chemicals have been reported to cause intense , prolonged panic attacks , psychosis and seizures . 9 things everyone should know about the drug Molly Roth told all students to stay away from all drugs . "  One mistake can change your life forever , " he said . CNN 's Jean Casarez , Drew Griffin , Nelli Black and Patricia DiCarlo contributed to this report .	The batch of Molly might have had a mix of different designer drugs , police say Molly is a synthetic drug with dangerous effects
CNN  -- At least 45 women and children were killed in the Syrian city of Homs late Sunday , opposition activists said , hours after the U.N. special envoy to Syria met with the country 's president in an effort to reach a diplomatic solution to end the violence . The killings occurred in the Homs neighborhood of Karm al Zaytoun , according to the Local Coordination Committees of Syria , an opposition activist network . Hadi Abdallah , a spokesman for the Syrian Revolution General Council , told CNN there were 47 victims -- all stabbed to death and burned after "  Syrian forces and thugs " stormed their homes . Life and death under Syria 's military onslaught The LCC described the killings as a "  massacre orchestrated by the regime " of President Bashar al-Assad . CNN can not independently confirm reports of casualties or attacks in Syria because the government has severely restricted the access of international journalists . The claims of fresh violence occurred the same day Kofi Annan , the U.N. special envoy to Syria , departed the country after two days of talks with al-Assad . On Saturday , Annan proposed a cease-fire , the release of detainees and allowing unfettered access to agencies such as the Red Cross to deliver much needed aid , a U.N. statement said . "  It 's going to be tough , it 's going to be difficult , but we have to have hope , " Annan said Sunday after meeting with al-Assad for a second day . Annan , a former U.N. secretary-general , also proposed a start to an inclusive political dialogue that would "  address the legitimate aspirations and concerns of the people . " It was unclear whether al-Assad offered any assurances that he would agree to the proposals laid out by Annan . When asked whether he received promises of a cease-fire or the acceptance of humanitarian assistance , Annan responded , "  those are  some issues we 're discussing with the president . " The reported deaths of women and children in Karm al Zaytoun brought the total number of deaths across the country Sunday to 78 , according to activist groups . CNN 's Hala Gorani : Witness to killing fields A livestream from a neighboring town purported to show some of the bodies from the massacre . Syrian state TV said the bodies shown were killed by "  armed terrorist groups , " a consistent phrase the government has used to explain the carnage . But the vast majority of reports from inside Syria indicate the regime is killing civilians en masse in an attempt to wipe out dissidents seeking al-Assad 's ouster . Earlier Sunday , opposition groups reported violent clashes between Syrian government forces and defectors and said government forces were randomly shelling civilian areas . In the Idlib province village of Aljanoudeyah , the LCC said shelling by government forces destroyed three buildings . The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reported 19 people were killed in Idlib . The London-based Observatory also said Syrian forces also shelled a bridge over the Assi River west of Rastan . The bridge had been used by residents trying to flee the city , according to the group . The attack destroyed the bridge , the group said . In addition to his meeting with al-Assad , Annan also met with members of the opposition as well as business and religious leaders . "  The transformational winds blowing today can not be long-resisted , " Annan said . "  I have urged the president to heed the old African proverb : ` You can not turn the wind , so turn the sail . ' The realistic response is to embrace change and reform . " At least 33 people died Sunday in places such as Idlib , Aleppo , Latakia , Homs , Daraa , Hama and the countryside around the capital of Damascus , opposition activists said . Meanwhile , in a phone call with a Binish town elder , a major general in al-Assad 's military demanded the people of Binish hand over weapons used by defected soldiers and the rebel Free Syrian Army within 24 hours or the town will be bombed and stormed early Monday morning , according to the Binish Coordination Committee , part of the LCC . SANA reported that what it called terrorist groups killed a boxing champion in Aleppo and two special forces troops in the province of Hama . The news agency also said an official of the Baath Arab Socialist Party was kidnapped in the al-Ghouta area of Homs . The meetings Saturday and Sunday between al-Assad and Annan were the first time in Syria 's yearlong crisis that al-Assad met with such a high-level diplomat . But the Syrian president quashed the possibility of negotiating with the opposition anytime soon . Syrian state-run media said al-Assad told Annan that he was ready to find a solution , but that such an effort would first require a look at reality on the ground and not rely on what "  is promoted by some regional and international countries to distort the facts and give a picture contrary to what Syria is undergoing . " He also reiterated that "  political dialogue or action can not take place or succeed if there are terrorist armed gangs on the ground that are working on spreading chaos and target the stability of the homeland , " the Syrian Arab News Agency  SANA  said . Both Annan and opposition members agreed that plans for a resolution can not be implemented as long as the bloodshed continues . "  It is too early to apply a plan to resolve the crisis , " said Abdel Aziz al-Khair , a member of the National Coordinating Body for Democratic Change . "  The situation on the ground ... is catastrophic . The United Nations says more than 7,500 have died in the past year , and at least one activist group says more than 9,000 people have been killed . CNN 's Saad Abedine , Kareem Khadder , Salma Abdelaziz , Hamdi Alkhshali , Ian Lee and Kamal Ghattas contributed to this report .	NEW : At least 45 women and children are stabbed , then burned , activists say NEW : The killings occur hours after U.N. special envoy Kofi Annan departs the country Annan met with Syrian president , proposed cease-fire , release detainees , aid delivery Opposition groups report random shelling , machine gunfire
CNN  -- Scores of people who had been without bread for days were killed when Syrian warplanes bombed a bakery in the western village of Halfaya , opposition activists said Sunday . More than 100 people were killed , the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria said . The death toll could rise , the activist group said . An activist who oversaw the burial of many bodies said at least 109 people died . Hassan Al-Rajb told CNN that 69 people were identified and buried , while 15 others were laid to rest without being ID 'd . At least 25 more bodies were still at the site , but hospital workers said the roads were cut off and they were unable to reach the bakery , he said . The hospitals can not handle all the wounded , he said . An LCC activist told CNN he went to the scene . "  There were dozens of dead thrown in the street . The residents were shocked and in a state of fear . It was chaotic , " Mahmoud Alawy said . Videos posted on social media purported to show the aftermath of the attack . Many bodies had limbs apparently blown off , and others lay bloody in the streets and in rubble strewn over a sidewalk . Uniformed Free Syrian Army soldiers and civilians scramble to pull survivors out of the carnage . CNN can not independently confirm government or opposition reports out of Syria , as the government has restricted access by journalists . The town has lacked the ingredients for bread for about a week until an aid group delivered provisions Saturday , Alawy said . Hundreds of people lined up at the bakery on Sunday . Al-Rajb said the town has three bakeries , and one opened at 1 p.m. Workers began to distribute the bread two hours later . He was on his roof about 200 meters  about 219 yards  from the bakery about 4 p.m. and saw a plane overhead . He scrambled toward the scene when he heard cries of "  Emergency ! Emergency ! " he said . "  The first floor collapsed on the second floor , and four rockets were fired into it , " he said of the attack . Alawy claimed the government has been targeting large gatherings of people with artillery shells in the recent days since the Free Syrian Army liberated the town from Syrian forces . About an hour after the bakery attack , 15 shells were fired into Halfaya from a nearby town , Al-Rajb said . The Hama Revolution Command Council , a network of activists affiliated with the FSA in Hama province , said a MiG warplane bombed the bakery . Many Syrians face food shortages and other needs as winter weather sets in . The United Nations estimates that more than 2.5 million need humanitarian assistance . Earlier in the week , opposition groups also said rebels and regime forces battled near a hospital in Halfaya . Twenty-five people died there , the LCC said . Syria firing more Scud missiles , NATO says Russia : Syria consolidates its chemical weapons CNN 's Salma Abdelaziz contributed to this report .	NEW : One resident says 84 people have been buried , with more bodies still on the streets NEW : People had been waiting for bread for almost a week Activists say MiG planes bombed a bakery in western Syria Videos posted on social media show rebel soldiers , civilians rushing to scene
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Libyan state television has aired a video of Moammar Gadhafi 's son Saadi in which he apologized to the nation from prison . "  I apologize to the people of Libya and the brothers in the Libyan state for the disturbance and destabilization I have caused in Libya , and I admit those were wrong things that I should not have done , " he said . Saadi , one of Gadahfi 's seven sons , has been in a Tripoli jail since his extradition earlier this month from neighboring Niger . The North African country had been seeking the handover of Saadi , who fled across the border to Niger when rebel forces toppled his father in a NATO-backed uprising in 2011 . He has not appeared in court yet and no formal charges against him have been announced , but the government has said it has evidence linking Saadi Gadhafi to recent unrest in southern Libya . "  I call on all the people carrying weapons to disarm , weapons should only be in the hands of the state , " Saadi Gadhafi , dressed in a blue detainee suit , said in the video . "  They should resort to reconciliation . " In the three-minute video clip , he also asks the Libyan government and general national congress , Libya 's legislative body , for "  forgiveness . " The conditions surrounding the release of the video are unclear . Reports of abuse Saadi Gadhafi stated the date of March 27 in the video , and state television said it was approved by Libya 's general prosecutor and aimed to discredit reports and rumors Gadhafi 's son was being mistreated in prison . The video aired a day after former Prime Minister Ali Zeidan had said in an interview in The Times of London newspaper that he had heard Saadi Gadhafi was abused and tortured in prison . Saadi Gadhafi said he was being treated well . Reports he had broken ribs or bones were not true , he said , moving his arms around and smiling . No one has independently had access to him to see how he has been treated . There have been concerns about the legality of the video and what impact it may have on the case . "  If I ever had any hope that there might be some form of due process in Libya , it was shattered . ... Watching Saadi repent in a videotaped confession without any hint of legal representation made me realize there is no hope for a trial in accordance with international law in Libya , " Jacqueline Frazier , an American former aide to Saadi Gadhafi , told CNN . "  I , along with his family , would like to emphasize that we believe this confession to be coerced and therefore nonadmissible in a court of law . " But many Libyans have little sympathy for him and other former regime members in custody . They complain the prosecution of former regime members has stalled and they want them to see them sentenced soon . The government has promised fair and transparent trials for all former regime members and other detainees in Libya . Televised call Saadi Gadhafi was a professional soccer player and businessman before his father 's downfall . Unlike his brother Saif al-Islam Gadhafi , their father 's heir apparent , he is not wanted by the International Criminal Court in The Hague , Netherlands , on charges of war crimes . In late 2011 , rebel forces captured Saif al-Islam , who remains in a militia hands in the small western mountain town of Zintan , Libya . Niger handed over Saadi Gadhafi after Libyan authorities said they had provided evidence of "  communications and practices targeting Libya 's security and aimed at destabilizing Libya . " In February 2012 , he made a televised phone call warning of an imminent uprising in Libya , saying he was in regular contact with people in the country who were unhappy with the new authorities . Authorities in Niger had warned him after that incident . He had been staying under tight regulation , including house arrest . He is being held in al-Hadba prison in Tripoli , the same facility where other senior regime members are detained , including former Prime Minister al-Baghdadi al-Mahmoudi and former spy chief and Gadhafi 's brother-in-law Abdullah al-Senussi . Judicial standards Libya 's new rulers are keen to try Gaddafi loyalists at home to show that those who helped the dictator stay in power for 42 years are being punished . But in a country where thousands of war prisoners remain in detention without knowing their fate , and where allegations of torture by the militias guarding them have surfaced , Libyan authorities will have to prove their capabilities . Human rights activists say the worry that a weak Tripoli government and flimsy judicial standards mean that legal proceedings will not meet international standards . Last month , Human Rights Watch released a report after visiting and speaking with senior regime members , including al-Senussi and Saif al-Islam Gadhafi . According to the rights group , officials said they either do not have lawyers representing them or they do not have enough access to their legal counsel . "  The Libyan government should make greater efforts to ensure these detained former officials have adequate legal counsel and the opportunity to defend themselves fairly before a judge , " said Nadim Houry , deputy director of Human Right Watch 's Middle East and North Africa division . "  The prosecution of these men will be no more credible than a kangaroo court if the authorities fail to provide these men with basic due process rights . " In a briefing to the U.N. Security Council earlier this month , Tarek Mitri , special representative of the U.N. secretary-general , raised concerns about continued human rights violations in detention . Some trials of former regime members started more than a year ago , and another case against more than 30 officials , including Saif al-Islam Gadhafi and al-Senussi , is set to start next month . Moammar Gadhafi 's son extradited to Libya from Niger	Libyan television aired a video of Saadi Gadhafi speaking from Tripoli jail Gadhafi 's son says he is being treated well , moves arms and smiles in video The conditions surrounding the release of the video are unclear Human rights activists say they worry legal proceedings wo n't meet international standards
CNN  -- In a country as splintered as the United States has become , can there be any such thing as a national pastime ? The phrase has been associated with the game of baseball since late in the 19th century , when sportswriters began dropping it into their stories . It was a great promotional slogan for the sport ; whether it ever was literally true is open to question . But it would be just about impossible to make the case that baseball is the national pastime today ; in a country of 314 million people , this year 's World Series drew , on average , a television audience of only 12.7 million viewers per game  football 's Super Bowl this year attracted an audience of more than 111 million  . Yet the question is not which sport has become the national pastime , but whether any single activity of any kind qualifies for that title . Cohesion is not exactly the dominating quality of 21st-century life ; we are endlessly being reminded of all the choices we have about how to spend our time , and the concept of the entire country gravitating toward one leisure-time activity sounds beyond archaic . If baseball ever was , at least symbolically , the national pastime , it was supplanted in the early 1950s by the rapid growth in the number of television sets in American homes . Suddenly something was happening that had never before occurred : People all over the country were looking at the same thing at the same time . Most mornings , the main topic of conversation in offices , factories and schools across the continent was something that had been on all those television screens the night before . There were only three channels to watch in most cities , and perhaps an additional "  educational " channel , the forerunner to PBS . The nation had a new pastime , and it took place indoors . The great majority of Americans who are alive today have no memory at all of a world before television . The median age in the United States hovers right around 37 years old ; this means that half of all Americans were born in 1975 or later . The presence of television , to them , is as unremarkable as the sight of the sun in the summer sky . And a newer pastime , as we all know , has emerged , on screens of a different sort . To take note of how free time  whatever that has come to mean  is now being spent , all you have to do is walk down any street in any city or small town , and observe your fellow pedestrians checking the screens they grasp in their palms . But the hegemony of early television , with those three channels , is a distant memory . No one can take the public 's attention for granted today ; first the advent of cable television fragmented viewing patterns , and then came the boundless Internet , followed by the creative forces that provide the content for all those little personal screens . Apple offers around 700,000 separate applications , as does Google . A lot of ways to pass the time , in a nation with a twitching concentration span . And there is always something around the next corner . The same way there are fewer and fewer Americans who can describe to you what the country was like before television , soon enough there will be few Americans who will be able to recall a world before the Internet . It is hard to conceive , but social history tells us that the seemingly limitless array of ways to spend time today will before long seem constricted and small . There is a famous and provocative phrase , translated from the writings of Karl Marx , that has been used in various contexts over the years : "  the opiate of the masses . " The concept of people being susceptible to a symbolic opiate of any kind remains controversial and current . Do today 's Americans simply enjoy the screens they carry with them , or are they psychologically addicted to them -- is it a pleasurable pastime , or are they hooked ? It 's not an unfair question . And as far as opiates go -- pharmacological and figurative -- the Wall Street Journal recently reported on an intriguing development at Grady Memorial Hospital in Atlanta , as explained by Rhonda Scott , Grady 's chief nursing officer : "  Grady agreed to double the number of TV channels in rooms and add ESPN because ` the requests for pain medication go down during the afternoon football games , ' Dr. Scott said . " Our pastimes are many , and the very idea of a national pastime goes against the contemporary aversion to doing only one thing at a time . Although the very real possibility exists that , seemingly contradictorily , we have indeed settled on a new kind of national pastime : Multitasking . Baseball 's starting to sound better and better . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene says it 's been awhile since baseball has been the U.S. national pastime He says life fragmented today ; few things unify Americans as a shared pastime . TV once did He says Internet has further splintered interests ; is computer screen new opiate of masses ? Greene : New national pastime may just be multitasking . Makes you wish for baseball
CNN  -- Gymnastics once again takes center -- or is it centre ? -- stage Thursday when the women compete in the individual all-around . Here 's what to look for in that and other top events : 1  Gymnastics : A new queen With world champion Jordyn Wieber excluded from the women 's individual all-around competition because she finished fourth , but third among Americans , in a qualifying system that allows only two people per nation , the United States still has the favorite for gold . Gabby Douglas led the Americans to the team title when she finished second in the vault , third on the floor , fourth on the balance beam and sixth on the uneven bars . Viktoria Komova of Russia was the top scorer in the qualifying round . They will be matched against each other in first rotation along with Aly Raisman of the United States and Aliya Mustafina of Russia . Catching drug cheats at the Games The individual all-around starts at 4:30 p.m. London time  11:30 a.m. ET 2  Swimming : The second big showdown Michael Phelps , the most famous U.S. swimmer ever , will be in Lane 3 . Ryan Lochte , who was supposed to be one of the big winners in these Games , will be in Lane 4 . It 's the Showdown , part II . On Saturday , Lochte won the first head-to-head meeting between the two stars , though Phelps did n't even medal in the 400-meter individual medley . But Lochte also swims in the 200-meter backstroke final just a half hour before the 200-meter individual medley . Should Phelps win the event , he would be first male swimmer to accomplish the feat in three consecutive Olympics . Phelps cements legacy The 200-meter individual medley final starts at 8:19 p.m. London time  3:19 p.m. ET 3  Equestrian : Ann Romney 's horse set to take part in the Games Ann Romney , wife of the soon-to-be Republican nominee , will be on hand to see her horse Rafalca compete in dressage . Mitt Romney will be traveling from Boston to Colorado for campaign events . Commentators seem to think the Republican candidate has a better chance in his race than Rafalca , ridden by Jan Ebeling , has in her event . Photos : Day 5 at the Olympics The individual dressage competition starts at 11 a.m. London time  6 a.m. ET  while Ebeling is scheduled to ride Rafalca about an hour later . 4  Volleyball : Battle of unbeatens Men 's world No. 1 Brazil will face the United States in a rematch of the Beijing Games final , which the U.S. won in a thrilling four sets . Each side has won its first two matches without losing a set . The match takes place at 8 p.m. London time  3 p.m. ET 5  Table Tennis : They do n't play to lose While controversy may have hit the badminton courts , table tennis has rolled on . But world champ Zhang Jike has not been without his own controversy in the past . In 2004 he was bumped from the Chinese national team for violating team rules . He came back with a new attitude and now has a chance to become the fourth male grand slam winner . He plays Dimitrij Ovtcharov of Germany in one semifinal while countryman Wang Hao plays Chuang Chih-Yuan of Taiwan . The winners meet later in the day for the gold medal . Badminton player quits Table tennis semifinals begin at 10 a.m. London time  5 a.m. ET  .	U.S. , Russian gymnasts compete for individual title More swimming , highlighted by Ryan Lochte vs. Michael Phelps one more time Dressage competition has a U.S. political connection Chinese look for more medals in table tennis semis , final
Washington  CNN  -- The last time Hillary Clinton was in Iowa , she was limping away from a disappointing third-place finish in the 2008 Iowa caucuses . Republicans would like that memory of Clinton to stay . The Republican National Committee is starting a concerted effort Friday to remind their supporters and reporters who will be covering Clinton in Iowa that the Hawkeye State has not always been friendly to the former secretary of state and first lady . "  As we have seen with her nose dive in the polls , the more Hillary turns to politics the less Americans like her , " RNC spokesman Kirsten Kukowski said in a statement . "  It 's awkward considering she 's headed back to Iowa , the scene of her most stinging defeat . " Clinton will return to Iowa on Sunday for the politically important Harkin Steak Fry , put on by longtime Sen. Tom Harkin . Thousands of guests expect to listen to her speak , flip steaks and honor Harkin , the liberal senator who is retiring after 2014 . The event is the biggest foray Clinton has made into politics since leaving the State Department in 2013 . The steak fry is widely considered a must-stop for Democrats considering a run at the presidency . Organizers are expecting upward of 5,000 people and more than 150 journalists to attend . Hillary Clinton to decide on 2016 run around end of year Clinton supporters push back against the idea that there are bad memories for her in Iowa . "  While Republicans continue to bicker , Hillary Clinton is focused on celebrating her good friend and former colleague , Sen. Harkin , and on helping candidates in Iowa get elected in 2014 who share in the Democrats ' vision for the future , " said Adrienne Watson , spokeswoman for Correct the Record , an outside communications group defending Clinton . But the RNC does n't want Clinton to have a free weekend in Iowa . The group will be sending lawmakers and Republican surrogates a research document Friday that lays out part of Clinton 's history in Iowa . Titled "  Hillary 's Hawkeye Return , " the document focuses on Clinton 's 2008 Iowa campaign . During that hard-fought presidential caucus , Clinton finished a disappointing third behind then-Sens . Barack Obama and John Edwards , with 29 % of the vote . Obama won the caucus with 37.6 % . Would Hillary Clinton top Chris Christie in New Jersey ? In addition to the talking points and research document , the RNC will release a Web video on Friday called " #AwkwardInIowa . " "  Hillary Clinton is headed to Iowa for the first time since 2008 , " reads the on-screen text atop clips of negative news coverage of the night Clinton lost . "  Bad memories for Hillary . " Despite Republican hopes , Clinton 's favorability in Iowa has rebounded since 2008 . A new CNN/ORC poll finds that 53 % of all registered Democrats contacted in Iowa said they would support Clinton if the 2016 caucuses were held today . That number far outpaces Vice President Joe Biden 's 15 % . Sen. Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts got 7 % in the poll , and 5 % would pick Sen. Bernie Sanders , an independent from Vermont . Bernie Sanders challenges Hillary Clinton : ` Is  she  going to say that ? '	Hillary Clinton is headed to Iowa over weekend to speak at the Harkin Steak Fry Republicans look to remind voters that Iowa has n't always been friendly to Clinton RNC sends talking points that focus on Clinton 's third-place finish in 2008 Iowa caucuses Clinton helping candidates get elected in Iowa in 2014 , says group defending her
CNN  -- "  I do n't want Jim to have died in vain . " That was the core of the message Friday from Michael Foley , the brother of the American journalist James Foley , beheaded this month by his ISIS captors . Michael Foley told CNN 's Anderson Cooper he hopes Western nations get on the same page when it comes to dealing with kidnappers from militant groups like ISIS -- saying that having some European nations pay ransoms while the United States does n't sends an inconsistent message . He hopes that communication improves , not just among nations , but between governments and captors . He hopes others understand James ' passion for journalism , to shed light on stories and truths others may never see . He hopes people honor him by giving to a Marquette University scholarship fund , go.mu.edu/remember-foley , set up in his honor . And Michael Foley hopes others can find comfort -- and strength -- like his family has in how his brother acted in his darkest and final moments , as seen in the horrific video of his killing posted online . "  Jim did n't flinch . He had the courage , " Michael Foley , 38 , said . "  I 'm certain that he put himself in a position to be first in line  among the captives to be killed  , and he wanted us to be strong . And that is the message that he was sending , without sending it . " Even as ISIS touted the journalist 's killing and threatened others , the world has responded -- in words at least . Officials and groups from all over have condemned it . The latest was the U.N. Security Council , ripping the "  heinous and cowardly " execution , which it said illustrates the growing danger facing journalists reporting out of Syria . The United States has n't halted its military campaign against ISIS forces in Iraq since the shooting ; in fact , it has threatened to step up efforts in Iraq and neighboring Syria against a group that Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel described as exhibiting evil "  beyond anything we have seen . " Pentagon issues chilling warning about ISIS The Foley family has seen it . Their nightmare started with James ' November 22 , 2012 , disappearance in northwest Syria , near the border with Turkey . It got worse when they got an e-mail from his captors a week ago threatening his death -- a message Philip Balboni , the CEO of the online publication GlobalPost , which hired Foley as a freelancer -- described as "  vitriolic and filled with rage against the United States . " The nightmare ended with the video , posted Tuesday to YouTube , which also showed another U.S. journalist , identified as Steven Sotloff , and an ISIS warning of more dead captives if the U.S. continues its military operations . It 's hard for the Foleys , still , to put into words what 's happened to this fun-loving uncle , this 40-year-old who found his dream job as a journalist late in life and embraced it to the core , right up to his death . "  Horror is a good word , " James Foley said . "  It 's right out of a Hollywood movie . "  And unfortunately , you 're in it . " Brother : ISIS is evil , but airstrikes may not be enough Could James Foley 's story have had a different ending ? His brother thinks so ; in fact , he says he knows "  that there 's more that could have been done . " "  U.S. officials  hands are tied , in many ways , by the rigid policies that we tend to follow , " Michael Foley added . Balboni told the Wall Street Journal that the captors originally demanded a ransom sum of 100 million euros , or about $ 132.5 million , from Foley 's family and GlobalPost . Michael Foley noted that several European journalists have been freed , after their captors got paid ransoms -- something Washington refuses to do , saying it wo n't negotiate with terrorists . Michael Foley says he understands both stances , stressing instead that consistency is key . Expecting a militant to free an American for nothing while freeing a European for cash does n't make sense . "  I do n't have all the answers , but I do think that a more cooperative approach  is needed  , " he said . "  And there was n't sharing of information . You would n't believe how difficult it was to get information  on  released journalists ... from the ways that we have these walls built . " U.S. special operations units were sent into Syria this summer to rescue Foley and other hostages held by Islamic militants , a U.S. official told CNN . Several dozen of the most elite U.S. commandos from units like Delta Force and Navy SEAL Team 6 flew in aboard helicopters but could n't find the hostages , including Foley . Ben Rhodes , a deputy national security adviser on Friday said the administration was looking at options beyond the current airstrikes in Iraq against the Sunni extremists . "  If we see plotting against Americans , see a threat to the United States emanating from anywhere , we stand ready to take action against that threat , " Rhodes told reporters . " ... We 're actively considering what 's going to be necessary to deal with that threat , and we 're not going to be restricted by borders . " Up until last month , the Foley family thought they had "  made a lot of progress " toward James ' release . But when the United States began hitting ISIS in Iraq , the Foley family knew it would n't help -- even though , as Michael Foley acknowledges , what happened to his brother underscores the evil nature of this group . "  I think there 's a lot of utility to what 's being done there , " he added . "  It 's just horrible what ISIL is doing to the citizens over there and something needs to be done . I 'm just not sure that containment and some of these strikes are enough . " CNN 's Ray Sanchez and Deborah Feyerick contributed to this report .	NEW : Foley 's brother says "  rigid policies " of U.S. hamper efforts to free captives NEW : He points to better international cooperation , consistency on ransoms NEW : James Foley "  did n't flinch , " asked to be put "  first in line , " brother says U.N. condemns beheading of American journalist as "  heinous and cowardly "
CNN  -- A recent wave of violence caused by turf wars between rival drug cartels and security forces in Mexico has kept many American and international tourists away from the United States ' neighbor to the south . Recently , the U.S. State Department broaded its travel warning for Mexico , singling out 11 states and warning Americans not to drive at nighttime . But a top Mexican tourism official says the country 's major tourists spots are "  perfectly safe . " Mexico Tourism Board 's Chief Operating Officer Rodolfo Lopez Negrete recently visited the United States to promote Mexican destinations . In an interview with CNN , he said he is confident that more tourists will visit Mexico this year . CNN : How much was tourism affected by the violence last year ? Rodolfo Lopez Negrete : 2010 was a very good year for Mexico . We considered it to be a rebound year .  More than  22 million tourists visited Mexico last year . CNN : I was recently in Acapulco and I noticed that a lot of the hotels that normally this time of the year receive spring breakers , mainly from the United States , are completely empty . So , some of the things that you 're telling me do not correspond to the reality I saw there . Lopez : We 're working on a transformation program for Acapulco to rehabilitate Costera Miguel Aleman -LSB- the avenue that runs along the bay -RSB- which is one of the landmarks of Acapulco . We 're working on additional air connectivity out of the U.S. market and international points of origin . CNN : But Mr. Lopez , the main problem in Acapulco is not necessarily infrastructure , but the violence . What are the Mexican government and the Tourism Board doing to solve this problem ? Lopez : Mexico is a very large country . When you take into account the distance between Ciudad Juarez -LSB- the most violent city in Mexico -RSB- and Cancun , you 're talking about 1,400 miles of distance . Puerto Vallarta is 1,000 miles away and Los Cabos about 1,600 miles away . That is equivalent to the distance between New York and Houston or New York and Dallas . CNN : But the fact still remains that violence is a serious problem in Mexico . Would n't you agree ? Lopez : Yes we agree , and we understand the fact that these episodes have created a certain level of perception that is undesirable , but these have occurred in very specific pockets of the country . Opinion : Why Mexico 's violence is America 's problem CNN : Your office says that 22.4 million travelers visited Mexico last year . What is the expectation for this year ? Lopez : We have a plan that we have put together until the year 2018 . Mexico would like to become one of the most popular destinations in the world . And although we already rank among the top 10 in the world , we would like to escalate that number . For 2011 our goal is to increase our business from 22.4 to 26 million tourists . CNN : Are Americans still visiting Mexico ? Lopez : Seventy-five percent of the total number of last year 's 22.4 million visitors originated in North America . The U.S. remains the number one market , followed by Canada . CNN : What about those traveling specifically by air ? Lopez : Out of the 10 million tourists that we get by air into the different Mexican destinations , the United States generates 6.5 million of those 10 million . U.S. warns of travel on Mexican buses CNN : What do you say to people abroad who watch news about the violence and have concerns about traveling to Mexico ? Lopez : We would like to tell the untold story . Although we have experienced violence , it has been concentrated in very specific parts of the country . The major tourism destinations are perfectly safe , whether you talk about sun-and-beach resorts or inland destinations . CNN : What about risks for those traveling into Mexico by land ? Lopez : We have 50 million border crossings per year . When you take that into account , the ratio or the number of people that have suffered from violence is really minimal . CNN : Has affordability been affected by the recent wave of violence ? Lopez : Mexico is a very diversified country . We believe that the combination of the fantastic sun-and-beach resorts coupled with the wonderful cultural wealth that we offer make it a very attractive destination for summer travel . From a value perspective , the quality of the tourism options in Mexico over the last 10 years has improved dramatically . If you compare that with the price that we 're charging right now , it makes it a very attractive proposition for travel .	This week , the U.S. State Department expanded its travel warning for Mexico Top tourism official recently visited U.S. to promote Mexico as safe "  The major tourism destinations are perfectly safe , " says Rodolfo Lopez Negrete Lopez says the country 's goal this year is to increase the number of tourists to 26 million
CNN  -- Egypt 's next president will have to work hand in hand with a complex bureaucratic structure that has been in a state of transition for the past three years . There are many serious security and socio-economic challenges , and there is no one person who can solve them alone . The success of the next president necessitates the full support and cooperation of the military , state bureaucracy and the majority of the population to be able to deliver to a polity with high expectations . At this juncture of Egypt 's post-Mubarak story , only former army chief Abdel Fattah el-Sisi has emerged as a candidate who enjoys both the support of the state and the street . He has become a symbol of hope for millions of Egyptians , and does present an opportunity to move the country forward amidst difficult times . Of course , his success is not guaranteed , but his strong connection to Egypt 's most influential institutions serves as a positive asset that sets him apart from other candidates . If elected , he will definitely be more capable than others in maneuvering through the multifaceted bureaucracy to get things done and undertake necessary tough decisions . For some Western observers it is difficult to comprehend why people would mobilize behind a former military general . The reason behind this reality is simple ; the military institution remains the most respected and most popular state institution in the country . ` Disciplined strongman ' Most Egyptian families have a loved-one who has served in the military , fostering a special bond between the people and its armed forces . Three years of political transition , including a devastating year of Muslim Brotherhood rule , prompted many Egyptians to long for a disciplined strongman who can guide the country towards security and stability . One of the core domestic constituencies behind el-Sisi 's presidential bid have been women and Christians , who actually suffered the most during the short-lived reign of the Brotherhood . Thus nowadays , we see them more vocal and engaged in the political arena and in support of an el-Sisi presidency . Even the head of the Coptic Church in Egypt , Pope Tawadros II , has endorsed el-Sisi 's presidential bid , not surprising , especially after Muslim Brotherhood supporters were blamed for attacks on scores of churches around the country as deadly clashes took place in Cairo last August . The Muslim Brotherhood itself said at the time that it did not support attacks on houses of worship . The strong backing of the Gulf countries , foremost by Saudi Arabia , UAE and Kuwait , also strengthens the positive prospects of an el-Sisi presidency . This significant regional support has provided international political backing and opened the door for new economic and security cooperation initiatives . We have already seen multi-billion dollar economic packages and an arms deal , and much more would follow after an election victory by el-Sisi . The Gulf support has been key for the Egyptian armed forces and their ongoing efforts to combat terrorism in the Sinai and to preserve national security . The issue of security has become the number one priority for Egyptian voters , and would pose the main challenge for an el-Sisi presidency . However , his professional years in the intelligence community and military give him an edge over candidates who have never worked in the security apparatus . If el-Sisi can not address nor solve the security threats facing Egyptians , then it is unlikely anyone else could . The odds are in favor of el-Sisi , but it will not be an easy task with a defiant Muslim Brotherhood that has rejected the current status quo . The violent path adopted by supporters of the Brotherhood and its sister organizations can not win over the military and persuade the majority of Egyptians to turn back the clock . It has only succeeded in generating an ugly atmosphere by seeking to undermine the political system . They are violently contesting and expressing their political grievances , which will not change the new reality on the ground . Opportunities for future In comparison with the political upheaval in Syria , Iraq , Libya , Yemen , and other places in the Middle East , Egypt still seems better off . One thing is for sure ; that the inclusion of the Brotherhood in the political system does not yield for a more stable political system , as demonstrated by their short stint in power . Egypt 's political transition towards a flourishing , consolidated democracy will take time . There will be many obstacles and setbacks on the way , but there are enormous opportunities for Egypt 's future . It only will be Egyptians who can determine their own domestic political destiny without outside interference , and they will never allow nor accept another Mubarak-like regime . The barrier of fear has been broken , and the first seeds of a pluralistic political society have been planted . Egypt has changed and the rules of the political game have as well . An el-Sisi presidency would have to be in tune to the new political dynamics in Egypt . So far , el-Sisi has proven to be a leader who has been able to adapt to a fast-changing political environment . As defense minister and deputy prime minister , he was directly exposed to the serious challenges facing the country , making him fully aware of the magnitude of the task at hand . For many Egyptians , there is no alternative but el-Sisi , he represents hope and the light at the end of the tunnel , but his success will depend on his ability to deliver . Read more : El-Sisi announces presidential bid Opinion : West needs to realize Egypt 's el-Sisi is a liability The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Adel el-Adawy .	Field Marshal Abdel Fattah el-Sisi has resigned from Egypt 's armed forces to run for president Adel El-Adawy says el-Sisi enjoys the support of the state and of the street El-Sisi 's presidencial bid is strengthened by the support of Egypt 's Gulf allies , he says But El-Adawy says el-Sisi 's success as president would still depend on his ability to deliver
EW.com  -- This year , some real-life drama surrounds the soap-focused Daytime Emmy Awards . A few weeks before the ceremony , the National Academy of Television Arts and Sciences issued a casting call for social media mavens to host the event 's live-streamed red carpet preshow . Specifically , as reported by Soap Opera Network , organizers wanted "  millennials between the ages of 18-35 , all ethnicities , who have a strong entertainment news background and/or very strong social media following  300,000 followers minimum  . " Last Wednesday , the NATAS revealed that it had selected a foursome with a mighty social reach : Vine star Brittany Furlan , style vlogger Lauren Elizabeth , beauty vlogger Jessica Harlow , and Meghan Rosette , who vlogs about style and beauty . The chosen four certainly have large followings on sites like YouTube , Instagram , Twitter , Vine , and Facebookâ $ " but their collective entertainment-news backgrounds are n't quite as strong . After a red carpet show criticized as amateurish and occasionally downright offensive , some irate viewers are demanding that NATAS issue an apology for Furlan , Elizabeth , Harlow , and Rosette 's antics . Among the offenses the women committed , as outlined by TVLine 's Matt Mitovich : Furlan "  literally came onto , and hard , every male in attendance , to a degree that makes E! 's Giuliana Rancic look positively demure "  see , for example , this interaction with Mario Lopez  ; Harlow called The Bold and the Beautiful 's Lawrence Saint-Victor "  a beautiful chocolate man " before asking , apropos of nothing , "  What 's it like to be a black man on a soap opera these days ? " Most egregiously , Furlan bid goodbye to General Hospital actor Ryan Paevey by saying , "  We 're going to get you away from us before we rape you . " Viewers were swift to criticize the hosts , especially for Furlan 's casual evocation of rape . The four hostsâ $ " and the NATASâ $ " have yet to respond directly to the criticism . Furlan did , however , tweet this not-so-subtle message in the wee hours of Monday morning : See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	There were four vloggers who covered the red carpet Viewers took offense to a rap joke Furlan sent a not so subtle tweet response
CNN  -- Throughout American history , the annual celebration of family and gratitude known as Thanksgiving has been a central part of The White House and the U.S. presidency . This week , President Barack Obama kept the tradition alive by pardoning Cobbler , the National Thanksgiving Turkey , in a Rose Garden ceremony . His feathered understudy , Gobbler , was also allowed to live , and both birds will live out the rest of their days on display at George Washington 's Mount Vernon Estate and Gardens in Virginia . Here is a look , by the numbers , at Thanksgiving and the role American presidents have played in the holiday over the years : 1 - The first one was in 1789 , when President George Washington issued a proclamation naming November 26 as a day of national thanksgiving . 1 - Number of weeks ahead the usual annual date of Thanksgiving was moved by President Franklin D. Roosevelt , in order to boost the Christmas shopping season . 4th - The Thursday in November set aside by Congress in 1941 to be observed as Thanksgiving Day and a federal legal holiday . 65 - Years since the first turkey presentation at the White House . 2 - Turkeys pardoned by President Obama each year since he has been in office . 1 - Turkey pardoned by Obama in 2011 that , after a sudden and mysterious illness , was euthanized this week at the Mount Vernon Estate in Alexandria , Virginia , former home of George Washington and retirement resort for presidentially-pardoned avians . 26 lbs . - Weight of the Georgia possum served for Thanksgiving dinner in 1909 to President William Howard Taft and his family in the White House . 600 - Members of the 1st Armored Division and the 82nd Airborne Division serving in Iraq who were joined by President George W. Bush for their Thanksgiving dinner in 2003 . 4 - Total number of visits Bush made to Iraq as president since the war began in 2003 . 1 bite - Amount of turkey eaten by former President Bill Clinton on Thanksgiving Day in 2011 , who told CNN 's Dr. Sanjay Gupta he lives a -LSB- mostly -RSB- vegan lifestyle these days .	Presidents have played a role in the annual Thanksgiving celebration since 1789 President Obama continued the tradition by pardoning a turkey at The White House this week One president opted for possum instead of turkey for his Thanksgiving meal
CNN  -- Getting arrested for stealing cars after his 16th birthday may be the best thing that ever happened to Terrence Barkley . Serving time in Missouri 's juvenile justice system set Terrence Barkley on the path to college . It got him out of gangs and headed to college . While in one of Missouri 's juvenile facilities , Barkley became editor of its student newspaper , captain of the football team and made the honor roll . "  I wanted something different for myself or I 'd end up in Kansas City doing nothing . I knew I could do something , " said Barkley , who is the first in his family to go to college . Now he 's a sophomore studying criminal justice at the University of Central Missouri . Barkley was n't scared straight . He was n't packed away in a crowded facility with steel bars and razor wire . He was n't under the constant guard of uniformed officers with billy clubs or locked down with hundreds of other juveniles . Instead , he was sent to Waverly Regional Youth Center , one of Missouri 's 32 residential facilities where he wore his jeans and T-shirts . He slept in his own bunk bed in a room that looks more like a dorm than a jail cell . He received counseling and schooling . While America 's juvenile system is often criticized for corruption and abuse , Missouri state officials say its juvenile justice solution has saved billions of dollars and reduced the number of repeat offenders . In the last four decades , the state has transformed its juvenile system into one that defies the traditional prison model . Known as the Missouri model , the program focuses on therapy , comfortable living conditions and an emphasis on job training and education . Missouri 's facilities are serving thousands of young offenders , and they are receiving national acclaim . Each offender is placed in a small group of 10 to 15 , assigned a case worker and sent to school during the day . Offenders also put on Shakespeare stage productions and play sports . They learn about teamwork through camping and rock climbing . "  Young people are really turning their lives around and becoming productive citizens , " said Tim Decker , director of Missouri Division of Youth Services . "  We 've redefined what 's possible in the juvenile justice system . " Several states including New Mexico , Louisiana , California and Virginia are trying to emulate the Missouri model . Washington 's troubled juvenile detention center , Oak Hill Youth Center , which once housed some of the most serious teen offenders , was shut down in 2009 and rebuilt to copy the Missouri model . Missouri has changed , too . The state once relied on a punitive system that warehoused offenders in harsh conditions . For nearly a century , the Missouri Training School for Boys in Boonville was a dark place known for beatings , rapes and even deaths . At one point , it was crammed with 650 offenders . Even judges hesitated sending children to Boonville . It was closed in 1983 and transformed into an adult prison . "  We had a dysfunctional system and we had to change our mindset on how to best work with these kids , " said Mark Steward , who helped pilot the Missouri model in the 1970s . Steward heads the Missouri Youth Services Institute , a consulting agency that helps other states implement the Missouri model . Under the Missouri model , juveniles who commit minor crimes such as skipping school or trespassing are placed in low-security , renovated houses or cottages with 10 other kids . The small group size allows staffers to work more effectively with individual offenders . Delinquents who commit violent crimes are placed in gated facilities that hold a maximum of 50 offenders but offer the same small group atmosphere and focus on rehabilitation . These offenders are broken into smaller groups and also receive counseling and go to school on site . Most juveniles work on community service projects during their stay . Instead of serving sentences of weeks , months or years , a juvenile in Missouri can win release through good behavior and demonstrated progress . Missouri officials say the small group size may be the reason why there has n't been a suicide in their residences in 25 years . The federal government has reported hundreds of suicide incidents involving juveniles in confinement . Critics argue the Missouri model 's residential centers are too soft on juvenile delinquents and that some youths may never become law abiding citizens . "  There are victims who certainly feel more is needed to help the child fully understand the consequences of their actions , " said Julie Lawson , executive director of Crime Victim Advocacy Center in St. Louis , Missouri . Lawson said some adult criminals may take advantage of a juvenile system that does n't appear to be as punitive as the traditional juvenile model . Adult gang members may ask juveniles to take the blame if they know that the punishment wo n't be that harsh , she said . Missouri 's Youth Services Division staff admits that a small percentage of juveniles will continue breaking the law despite going through the program . But some research on the Missouri Model has shown promising results . A recent analysis by the Annie E. Casey Foundation found that about 9 percent of juveniles in Missouri get in trouble with the law again within three years of their release . By contrast , about 28 percent of Arizona 's juvenile offenders were back in trouble within three years . The program has survived scrutiny from tough-on-crime conservative leaders such as former Missouri Gov. John Ashcroft , who later served as attorney general in the Bush administration . The Missouri model has saved the state billions of dollars , said George Lombardi , who heads the adult Department of Corrections . He credits the Missouri model 's low recidivism rate with slowing prison population growth . As a result , the state did n't have to build three prisons . More than 370 of the juveniles who went through the Division of Youth Services graduated from high school this year compared to just 40 children when the program began in earnest in 1983 , according to state officials . "  I had wanted to go to college " said Kaitlyn Bullard , a 21-year-old senior at the University of Missouri . Bullard , a teen who abused alcohol was sent to a facility for girls in 2005 for behavioral problems . "  But I just never thought it would actually happen . " Today , she is planning to apply to law school .	The Missouri model uses small , therapeutic groups to treat juvenile offenders Juvenile residences do n't have barbed wire or require uniforms A handful of other states are trying to replicate the Missouri model Studies show only ten percent of Missouri 's youth re-offend
London  CNN  -- Singer Amy Winehouse 's death this summer was the result of alcohol poisoning , an inquest ruled Wednesday , as it reached a verdict of "  death by misadventure . " A pathologist told a coroner 's court in north London that alcohol toxicity was the cause of the 27-year-old 's death , with her blood-alcohol levels measured at more than five times the legal limit for driving . The Grammy award-winning artist , who had battled with alcohol and drug abuse over several years , was found dead at her north London home July 23 . Testimony at her inquest showed no traces of illegal drugs in Winehouse 's system -- but more details emerged about her losing battle with alcohol . Winehouse 's physician , Dr. Christina Romete , said she saw Winehouse at 7 p.m. the day before she died , when the singer was tipsy but still able to hold a conversation . Asked when she was going to stop drinking , Winehouse replied that she would call Romete over the weekend to discuss it , the physician said . Winehouse was determined to do things her own way , including therapy , Romete said , but was aware of the risks of alcohol abuse . The singer 's personal security guard , Andrew Morris , said he last spoke to her at 2 a.m. on July 23 . He said he looked in on her at 10 a.m. and saw her lying on her bed , but figured she was sleeping in , which was n't unusual , the court heard . Morris said he realized something was wrong when he checked in again at 3 p.m. and saw Winehouse had not moved . She was n't breathing and had no pulse , he said . Morris said the singer did n't "  drink to get drunk , " but that he noticed she had started drinking alcohol again that week . Police who searched the flat after her death found three empty vodka bottles , the inquest heard . The pathologist 's tests revealed that Winehouse 's blood-alcohol level was 416 milligrams per 100 milliliters of blood . The level considered lethal is 350 milligrams per 100 milliliters of blood , and the legal limit to drive in Britain is 80 milligrams of alcohol . The pathologist found no traces of tablets in Winehouse 's stomach and said her organs appeared to be normal . The verdict of misadventure means that it is judged to be an accidental death in which no law was broken or criminal negligence involved . A family statement , given by spokesman Chris Goodman , said : "  It is  with  some relief we finally found out what happened to Amy . "  We understand there was alcohol in her system when she passed away . It is likely a buildup of alcohol in her system over a number of days . "  The court heard that Amy was battling hard to conquer her problems with alcohol and it is a source of great pain that she could not win in time . She had started drinking again that week after a period of abstinence , " Goodman said . Winehouse 's father Mitch and mother Janet were among those who packed the small courtroom at St. Pancras Coroners Court to hear the evidence from key witnesses . Her family set up the Amy Winehouse Foundation last month to raise money to help young people in Britain and elsewhere , especially those suffering the effects of ill health , disability , poverty and addiction . Goodman said the ruling "  underlines how important our work with the Amy Winehouse Foundation is to us to help as many young people and children we can in her name . " Winehouse 's family said in August that toxicology tests had found that "  no illegal substances " were in her system at the time of her death but alcohol was present . The singer 's soulful , throaty vocals brought her stardom in 2007 , but her troubled off-stage life -- chronicled in her top 10 hit "  Rehab " -- won her notoriety . Her death came less than two months after her latest release from a rehabilitation program and weeks after she was booed offstage by disappointed fans in Serbia . The tattooed London-born singer-songwriter 's first album , "  Frank , " debuted in 2003 , when she was 19 . International success came with her 2007 album "  Back to Black . " She dominated the 2008 Grammys , winning five awards that night and delivering , via satellite from London , a strong performance of "  Rehab . " Mitch Winehouse has said he plans to write a memoir , called "  Amy : My Daughter , " to be released next summer , which he said would tell the story of the Amy that the public never got to know .	Three empty vodka bottles were found in Winehouse 's home , the inquest hears The singer 's personal security guard recounts details of her last hours Her family hopes a foundation set up in her memory will help other young people Winehouse was found dead at age 27 at her London home in July
In the absence of a proper voters ' roll and credible international observers , no one can honestly say with any degree of certainty whether last week 's elections reflected the will of the Zimbabwean people . One thing is certain -- the numbers simply do not add up . And is n't it strange that there have been no jubilant celebrations by the "  winners ? " It 's as though the Zanu-PF and Robert Mugabe , elected to yet another term as Zimbabwe 's president , ca n't quite believe it themselves . The general mood across the nation is one of despondency . Everyone seems depressed . No one knows what to do next . It would seem the will of the people has not triumphed at all . Riot police patrol quiet streets . No one sings or dances . What happened on July 31 was a demonstration of what can be done by a small group of people who have everything to lose and who have spent more than 30 years cementing their grip on power and wealth . It certainly was not a popularity contest . Mercifully it was peaceful . Memories of the 2008 election -- burnt and lacerated bodies , weeping girls and women who had been raped , swollen , bleeding feet and dead bodies -- were fresh in the minds of many . LATEST : Western nations question Zimbabwe poll results The Zanu-PF 's "  victory " must be considered in the light of the following : This is a country where 95 % of the population is unemployed ; an estimated 25 % live and work in the diaspora to keep their relatives back home fed and at school ; 15 % are orphans  largely as a result of the AIDS pandemic  . It is therefore pretty easy to buy people -- and votes . All those in the top echelons of the army , the police , the judiciary and the body responsible for elections are hand-picked , self-avowed Zanu-PF loyalists -- rewarded over the years via a well-orchestrated patronage system with land , farming implements , luxury vehicles , plasma TVs , diamonds and business opportunities . Robert Mugabe is a very wily politician . After losing the election in 2008 , he and his generals threw everything into this election -- determined to win at all costs . They left nothing to chance . They also enlisted the help of the controversial Israeli company Nikuv , which has been accused of manipulating the vote in Zambia during the last election . The Registrar General 's office was used to disenfranchise young people mainly in the urban areas , and to overstate the number of old people in rural areas over 80 . According to their own figures , the RG registered just 8 % of those in the 18-19 age group -- and 220 % of those in the over-80 age group , according to analysis by the The Research and Advocacy Unit , an NGO based in Harare . Younger people tend to vote for the MDC , led by Morgan Tsvangirai , Mugabe 's main rival , and older people for the long-time president 's Zanu-PF party . The office also disenfranchised millions of people in the diaspora , despite having signed up to the Southern African Development Community election guidelines , which stipulate that provisions should be made for those in the diaspora to vote . A chaotic registration process registered just 1.8 million voters in the urban areas that are a stronghold for Tsvangirai 's MDC , many of whom spent days queuing up to vote . Hundreds of thousands were disenfranchised -- either their names had been removed completely from voter rolls , or they appeared in a different ward or even a different constituency . The voter 's roll was only made available to parties other than Zanu-PF on the eve of the election after a High Court injunction had been granted , which meant that other parties did not have the time to raise the alarm about the myriad irregularities . Neither could people check that their names were on the list , and in the right place . This caused enormous confusion on the day and many would-be voters simply gave up . The opposition MDC party and civil observers have documented thousands of examples of impossible numbers related to the election . In the rural area of Uzumba , for instance , 21,000 people allegedly voted in 12 hours at 15 polling stations -- that 's one voter every two seconds . No village in Zimbabwe has that many adults , and the process of finding one 's name on the list , dipping a finger in the special ink and placing one 's X next to a candidate would clearly take longer than 120 seconds . There was documented evidence of Zanu-PF bussing rural people into urban areas to vote . Although their names did not appear on the roll , they had voting slips produced by the registrar 's office which allowed them to cast their votes . It is believed that this is what led to the MDC losing most of its urban seats . Zanu-PF covertly continued to enroll more voters right up until the eve of the poll , after the Zimbabwe Electoral Commission refused to extend the registration days . The African Union and SADC observers brushed this off as inconsequential . Matabeleland province consistently voted for Tsvangirai in the past , yet in this election Mugabe made almost a clean sweep . These are people who hate Zanu-PF -- people who have bitter memories of the Gukurahundi genocide allegedly perpetrated by Mugabe 's men in the early 1980s . It is inconceivable that they would vote en masse for Zanu-PF . Intimidation also played a huge role in the contest . In the weeks leading up to the election , and even as early as January when Mugabe first started agitating for elections to take place , The Zimbabwean and other independent media were inundated with reports from all over the country of threats by Zanu-PF 's traditional leaders , youth militia , army and police officers of a repeat of the 2008 violence if the party and Mugabe did not win . There is , of course , some support for Mugabe in the rural areas , where he has given hundreds of thousands of families land , agricultural inputs and food -- which was given as humanitarian aid by the international community and re-bagged and distributed in Mugabe 's name strictly to Zanu-PF members during the past 15 years . Many families were threatened with the loss of their land and homes if Zanu-PF did not win in their area . Police officers and their families were warned that they would lose their homes if Mugabe did not win the election . Add to this the tight control by Zanu-PF of the mass media the constant demonization of Morgan Tsvangirai , his MDC party and Western sanctions , and the exhaustion of a populace ground down by decades of poverty , lack of access to independent information , violence and the threat of violence -- and you begin to understand the toxic recipe for a Zanu-PF "  success " at the polls . The MDC also failed Zimbabweans on several counts during the five years since they won the election but were forced by the SADC into a power - "  sharing " coalition with Zanu-PF . These failures included Tsvangirai 's indiscretions after his wife died , corruption in urban councils controlled by the party , failure to bring meaningful legislative change through parliament and greed on the part of some MPs who sided with Zanu-PF in pursuit of more pay and perks . I doubt there will be any serious violence now . People are shell-shocked and Mugabe 's loyal forces are well prepared with Chinese weapons and Israeli water cannons . Riot squads are out in full force . Tsvingirai 's options are limited . He seems inclined to appeal to the Constitutional Court for a nullification and a re-run . But it is highly unlikely that judgement would go in his favour given the compromised nature of the judiciary . Just a few weeks before the election , Mugabe packed the courts with hand-picked loyalists . The MDC could appeal to the SADC to nullify the result . But this is also unlikely to succeed given that the SADC and the AU have already endorsed the results . Passive resistance in a country where 95 % of people are unemployed is a non-starter . Any other resistance would be met with greater force and give Mugabe the chance he is waiting for -- to lock up all MDC leaders .	Robert Mugabe declared winner of Zimbabwe election : Opposition disputes result Opposition leader Tsvangirai calls election "  fraudulent , " plans to fight in court Mbanga : Ruling Zanu-PF party rigged voter rolls , threatened police officers Mbanga : Zimbabwe is despondent after Mugabe re-election
Atlanta  CNN  -- Police have found the body of a 7-year-old Georgia girl who went missing more than two days ago , the state 's chief law enforcement official said Monday . Police believe Jorelys Rivera was abducted , sexually assaulted and murdered at her apartment complex in Canton , about 40 miles north of Atlanta , said Georgia Bureau of Investigation  GBI  Director Vernon Keenan . "  This is going to be a very , very horrendous crime . I am convinced of that after having observed the body . A child death is always a terrible thing , but a child who dies under extreme violence is the absolute worst thing , " he told reporters . An autopsy will be done to determine the cause of death , Keenan said . The girl was last seen Friday near a playground at her apartment . Police initially thought she might have wandered off , but after more than 48 hours of searching , they said they believed the girl was kidnapped . Canton police , assisted by the FBI and the GBI , expanded the search area Monday and began canvassing for sex offenders living nearby . They are now asking for help to find out who killed the little girl . Her body was found in a dumpster at the apartment complex where she lived . "  We need help from the public , " said Police Chief Jeff Lance . As of Monday afternoon , Keenan said , investigators were actively pursuing leads , but police had no one in custody and no suspects . "  Quite frankly , at this point we do not have a strong suspect . We 've not focused in on anyone . We very much need information from the public who may know something about the abduction of this child , " said Keenan . State troopers were stopping and talking to everyone entering , leaving or driving by the apartment complex Monday afternoon . Earlier , as volunteers and police handed out fliers with information and a picture of the missing child , her mother spent the morning in court trying to regain custody of her other children , who were taken by the Department of Family and Children 's Services for alleged lack of supervision . The girl 's parents are not suspects , Keenan said . Joselin Rivera had spoken with local media hours after her young daughter went missing Friday , saying she just wanted her returned safely . After the girl 's body was found , neighbors said they feared for their safety . Speaking in Spanish , Luis Fernando Montenegro said he was concerned for his daughter , who attends night school . "  If she  Rivera  was abducted here and her body was also found here in the  apartment  complex , how do we know the killer is not still here ? " he asked . CNN 's Holly Firfer and Gustavo Valdes contributed to this report .	NEW : "  How do we know the killer is not still here , " a neighbor asks GBI Director Vernon Keenan calls the crime "  horrendous " Officials find the girl 's body in a trash bin after expanding the search area The FBI joined local officials in the expanded search for the missing 7-year-old on Monday
CNN  -- Seven weeks ago , Michael Chiapperini was in Long Island , helping those suffering after Superstorm Sandy . Two weeks ago , he was named "  Firefighter of the Year " for his department in his upstate New York town of Webster . Monday , he was dead . A gunman -- later identified as William Spengler , 62 -- apparently set his home ablaze , took up a position on a nearby berm , then shot and killed Chiapperini and fellow firefighter Tomasz Kaczowka . Two other firefighters were wounded , as was an off-duty police officer who was driving through the area . Gunman ambushes , kills 2 firefighters Why Spengler , an ex-felon who killed his grandmother in 1980 , committed these crimes is unknown . But authorities say there 's no doubt about the quality of the people he killed on Christmas Eve . "  We work with these people everyday , they 're like our brothers , " Webster Police Chief Gerald Pickering said of the firefighters shot . "  It 's terrible . " "  These guys are all heroes . " Until Monday , Chiapperini was the person reporters would talk to about killings and other crimes . For the past two decades , he had been a member of the Webster Police Department , rising to the rank of lieutenant and serving as a spokesman . He was promoted in August 2010 , telling the hometown Webster Post , "  I want to learn more about the administrative operations of the police department . " The paper noted Chiapperini was a decorated police officer who had risen up through the ranks and was married with three children . Chiapperini served his community outside of the police force . As a volunteer , he also played an active part in the West Webster Fire Department -- one of three such departments in Webster , a town of about 43,000 people located about 10 miles east of Rochester . "  He 's held every line office that the department has had " including chief , fire department spokesman Al Sienkiewicz said . That includes a hands-on role in the department 's Explorer program that encourages high school students to learn about firefighting and perhaps become volunteers themselves . Chiapperini was also active on the front lines of fires , with his efforts in specific incidents earning him the department 's "  Firefighter of the Year " award earlier this month , Sienkiewicz said . Service was a way of life for Chiapperini . For example , around Halloween , he and other firefighters from northern New York headed to Long Island to assist in recovery efforts in the aftermath of Superstorm Sandy . "  He 'd been down in Suffolk County to see the destruction ,  then  he loses his life this morning , responding to help someone , " Lt. Gov. Bob Duffy told reporters Monday in Webster . "  When you start looking at the two who lost their lives and the two that are fighting for their lives ,  all are  just tremendous public servants . "	Michael Chiapperini was a police lieutenant and volunteer firefighter He 'd been with his town 's police for 20 years , most recently as a spokesman He also played roles in his New York community 's volunteer fire department A gunman fatally shot him and 1 colleague as they were responding to a fire
MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- Criminal charges were filed against the co-owner of a Florida clinic where a teenager claims she sought an abortion , but instead gave birth to a baby that the woman allegedly threw in the trash . Belkis Gonzalez has a prior conviction of unlicensed practice of medicine for incidents in 2004 . Belkis Gonzalez , 43 , was co-owner of the now-defunct A Gyn Diagnostic Center in Hialeah , Florida . She faces a second-degree felony count of unlicensed practice of a health care profession resulting in serious bodily injury and a third-degree felony count of tampering with or fabricating physical evidence , authorities said Tuesday . She was arrested and taken into custody , prosecutors said . If convicted , she faces a minimum sentence of a year in jail . Authorities were unable to file more serious charges against Gonzalez because they could not prove the baby 's exact cause of death . Nor could they prove that her actions brought about the death , according to Ed Griffith , a spokesman for the state attorney 's office in Miami . The baby 's mother , Sycloria Williams , sued the clinic , its staffers and Pierre Jean-Jacques Renelique , its doctor , last month . The Florida Medical Board also revoked Renelique 's license last month . Although Renelique was not present when the baby was born , the medical board upheld Department of Health allegations that he falsified medical records , inappropriately delegated tasks to unlicensed personnel and committed malpractice . Williams claims she sought an abortion at the clinic on July 20 , 2006 , when she believed herself to be about 23 weeks pregnant . She was 18 at the time . She was told to wait for Renelique to arrive and given medication . When she complained of feeling ill , she said clinic staffers told her to lie down in a patient room . She waited for hours , Williams claims in her suit , and eventually "  felt a large pain " and delivered a baby girl . Williams "  observed the infant moving and making noises for approximately five minutes , " according to an affidavit in support of Gonzalez 's arrest warrant . Williams alleges that Gonzalez entered the room , used a pair of shears to cut the baby 's umbilical cord , then "  scooped up the baby and placed the live baby , placenta and afterbirth in a red plastic biohazard bag , which she sealed , and then threw bag and the baby in a trash can . " The doctor later arrived and gave Williams a shot to put her to sleep , she alleges in her suit . In the affidavit , police said they found out about the incident when they received a tip the following day . They searched the clinic for the baby 's remains but were unable to find them . Gonzalez gave police a statement , meanwhile , and "  asserted under oath " that Williams ' termination was done by Dr. Renelique while she stood at his side , according to the affidavit . She denied that the infant came out alive , police said , but statements from two other clinic employees contradicted her account . Six days after the first search , police received another tip that the infant 's remains were placed back inside the clinic . They executed a search warrant and found the remains . They were linked to Williams through DNA testing , according to the affidavit . Documents from the state Department of Health say the baby 's cause of death was determined to be "  extreme prematurity . " However , according to the police affidavit , the medical examiner could not definitively say that the baby had been born alive . A birth certificate was issued , because nothing in the autopsy findings disproved Williams ' claim the baby was alive and moving . Experts told police the baby would not have suffocated in the bag because it would have had a limited ability to breathe on its own . And an expert reported there was no way to prove for sure that the baby filled its lungs with air because of its underdeveloped lungs , as well as its decomposed state when the remains were found . Another expert certified in neonatal and perinatal medicine told police he estimated Williams ' fetus , based on data from her medical records , to have a gestational age of about 21 and a half weeks -- meaning it had not reached viability , the state where it could survive outside the womb . "  This expert ... explained that the standard of care for a premature infant delivered at less than 23 weeks is not to attempt resuscitation , " so even if the baby had been born at a hospital , no measures would have been undertaken to save it , according to the affidavit . In December 2007 , Gonzalez was convicted of unlicensed practice of medicine for actions between August and December of 2004 , and is serving five years ' probation , according to the affidavit . However , because the 2006 incident preceded her probation term , she is not accused of violating her probation .	Belkis Gonzalez faces felony counts stemming from abortion in Florida clinic Sycloria Williams claims Belkins cut cord and placed baby , placenta in trash Prosecutors say they could not prove that the baby was born alive Gonzalez told police she stood at doctor 's side for procedure , baby was not alive
CNN  Feidin Santana , the man who recorded a South Carolina police officer fatally shooting a fleeing , unarmed man , told CNN on Thursday night he was told by another cop to stop using his phone to capture the incident . "  One of the officers told me to stop , but it was because I  said  to them that what they did it was an abuse and I witnessed everything , " he told CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 ˚ . " Santana told Cooper an officer told him to wait where he was but eventually he left the scene to go to work . In other interviews , Santana has said he feared for his life , which almost kept him from revealing the recording . Santana recalled the moments when he recorded a roughly three-minute video of North Charleston Police officer Michael Slager shooting Walter Scott as Scott was running away Saturday . That evidence led to the officer 's firing and arrest on a murder charge . Santana said when he first came on the scene while walking to his job he saw Slager on top of Scott , who was on the ground . He could hear the sound of a Taser in use . At no time did Santana see Scott go after the Taser . He believes Scott was trying to get away . "  Mr. Scott never tried to fight , " Santana told CNN . Police said Slager used a Taser against Scott , but Slager would also later tell a dispatcher that Scott at some point had grabbed the Taser . After Slager shot Scott five times , the officer went back to pick up something . Santana thinks it was the Taser but said he was n't 100 % sure what it was . Neither the struggle nor the use of a Taser was captured on video , because Santana had yet to begin recording . What we know about Officer Slager The cell phone video , which Santana revealed this week , reignited national outcries surrounding police treatment of African-Americans and led to a murder charge against Slager , who is white . Scott was black . Police said Slager pulled the 50-year-old Scott over for a nonworking brake light on Saturday morning . Scott , according to a dash cam video , fled from Slager for unexplained reasons , and the officer chased him on foot . When Santana 's video begins , Scott starts running away from the officer , with Scott 's back to Slager . The video shows Slager shooting at Scott eight times before Scott falls down . Who was Walter Scott ? Scott 's mother , Judy Scott , told Cooper this week that she would want to thank Santana for coming forward . "  He was there . God planned that . He 's the ram in the bush -- I truly believe that , " Judy Scott said . Santana agreed . "  I think she was right , " he said . "  God put me there for a reason . " Judy Scott said she could n't watch the whole recording . "  When I saw my son running and I saw the policeman behind him , I could n't take it , " she said . "  I had to turn away . I could n't handle it . In an interview with NBC 's Matt Lauer , Santana suggested that he was giving media interviews in part to protect himself against retribution . "  At some point I thought about staying anonymous , and do n't show my face , do n't talk about it . But ... if I would n't show my face , everybody over there knows , including the police , who I am , " Santana said . Santana did not say whether he had received threats . His attorney , Todd Rutherford , said Santana 's video would be useful in an investigation -- not only into the shooting but also into whether Scott received prompt medical attention . In the last half of the video , a second officer appears to examine Scott with gloved hands . Witness video , official accounts raise questions Santana said after he stopped recording , he watched for a few more minutes but never saw anyone perform CPR . A police report says a third officer -- not shown in the video -- reported seeing an officer administering first aid , and that the third officer approached and helped that person "  with first aid and CPR . " On Wednesday , asked whether CPR was performed on Scott , North Charleston police Chief Eddie Driggers said : "  In the end of it  the video  , what I saw was  what I  believed to be a police officer removing the shirt of the individual and performing some type of life-saving  procedure  , but I 'm not sure what took place there . " A timeline of events CNN 's Jason Hanna , Ashley Fantz and Ray Sanchez contributed to this report . Watch Anderson Cooper 360 ° weeknights 8pm ET . For the latest from AC360 ° click here .	Witness who took video of shooting said when he arrived officer was on top of Walter Scott Feidin Santana says Walter Scott did n't take Michael Slager 's Taser Santana said he never saw officers perform CPR before he left the scene to go to work
CNN  Jamie Brewer is about to make fashion history as the first model with Down syndrome to walk a runway during New York Fashion Week . Brewer , who is best known for the "  American Horror Story " TV franchise , was recruited to strut her stuff Thursday for designer Carrie Hammer . "  Young girls and even young women ...  see me  and say , ` hey , if she can do it , so can I , ' " Brewer told Today.com . "  It 's a true inspiration being a role model for any young women to  encourage them  in being who they are and showing who they are . " The actress/model is part of designer Hammer 's Role Models Not Runway Models campaign , which highlights women making a difference . Hammer told Today she began the campaign a year ago when she was first asked to show her designs at Fashion Week . The designer said she wanted to represent the real women who make up her clientele and invited her friend Danielle Sheypuk , who uses a wheelchair , to be in her show . "  I called up my existing clients who were all incredible women , and one of them happened to be a doctor and a sex therapist who happened to be in wheelchair , " Hammer told Today.com . "  It was never intended to be this incredible statement . " Hammer has designed a dress for Brewer , who is an advocate for those with intellectual disabilities , that she feels plays up her qualities as an actress and artist . Brewer said she was excited to wear the creation . "  Many women have many sides to their personality . This dress fits ... mine , " she said . "  I am honored to be in it . "	"  American Horror Story 's " Jamie Brewer is a part of designer Carrie Hammer 's show Hammer has a Role Models Not Runway Models campaign Brewer is an advocate for those with intellectual disabilities
CNN  Imagine a blimp city floating 30 miles above the scorching surface of Venus -- a home for a team of astronauts studying one of the solar system 's most inhospitable planets . NASA is currently doing just that ; floating a concept that could one day see a 30-day manned mission to Earth 's closest planetary neighbor . Eventually , the mission could involve a permanent human presence suspended above the planet . Deep heat Also known as the morning star , and named after the goddess of love and beauty because it shone the brightest of the five planets known to ancient astronomers , Venus is a hot , sulphurous , hellish place whose surface has more volcanoes than any other planet in the solar system . With a mean temperature of 462 degrees Celsius  863 degrees Fahrenheit  , an atmospheric pressure 92 times greater than Earth 's and a cloud layer of sulphuric acid , even probes to Venus have lasted little more than two hours . Its surface is hot enough to melt lead and its atmospheric pressure is the equivalent of diving a mile underwater . But above this cauldron of carbon dioxide at an altitude of 50km  30 miles  scientists say the conditions are as close to Earth 's as you 'll find anywhere in the solar system . The gravity at this altitude is only slightly lower than that of Earth , its atmospheric pressure is similar and the aerospace provides enough protection from solar radiation to make it no more dangerous than taking a trip to Canada . Creating HAVOC Known at NASA as HAVOC - High Altitude Venus Operational Concept - engineers and scientists at the Systems Analysis and Concepts Directorate at NASA 's Langley Research Center in Hampton , Virginia , have been working on a preliminary feasibility study on how robots and humans could make a Venus mission a reality . "  The atmosphere of Venus is an exciting destination for both further scientific study and future human exploration , " said aerospace engineer Christopher A. Jones of the Space Mission Analysis Branch . "  One concept is a lighter-than-air vehicle that could carry either a host of instruments and probes , or a habitat and ascent vehicle for a crew of two astronauts to explore Venus for up to a month . " He said the study showed the mission would require less time to complete than crewed missions to other planets and could even be a practice run for a Mars mission . Closer to Earth Venus has the advantage of being much closer to Earth . Its minimum distance to Earth is 38 million kilometers , compared with 54.6 million to Mars . "  The kind of multi-decade mission that we believe could succeed would be an evolutionary program for the exploration of Venus , with focus on the mission architecture and vehicle concept for a 30-day crewed mission into Venus 's atmosphere , " he said . At the heart of the concept is the logistically difficult task of sending a spacecraft into the atmosphere of Venus without landing it . The HAVOC model involves placing the astronauts inside an ` aeroshell ' that would enter the atmosphere at 4,500 miles per hour . Decelerating during its descent to just 450 meters per second and then deploying a parachute , the shell would fall away to reveal a folded airship . Robotic arms would unfurl the blimp which would be inflated with helium to allow the airship to float 30 miles above the planet 's fiery surface . Jones said the key technical challenges for the mission include performing the "  aerocapture " maneuvers at Venus and Earth  the process of entering the orbit of both planets  , inserting and inflating the airships , and protecting the solar panels and structure from the sulphuric acid in the atmosphere . "  With advances in technology and further refinement of the concept , missions to the Venusian atmosphere can expand humanity 's future in space , " he said . Permanent mission Ultimately , NASA could seek a permanent manned presence in Venus 's atmosphere . Suspended in a gondola beneath the airships , astronauts would not have to contend with the physical challenges of zero gravity , where weightlessness causes muscles to wither and bones to demineralize . And at a mere 167 degrees Fahrenheit  75 degrees Celsius  -- just 30 degrees Fahrenheit hotter than the highest temperature ever recorded on Earth -- even current technology has the ability to contend with everything that Venus could throw at the mission . Even so , HAVOC is envisioned as a multi-phase campaign and robotic missions would have to be sent to test technologies and better understand the atmosphere . While NASA has no current plans to fund the concept , the Langley-based team continues its work with the hope the space agency could make the plan come to fruition within several decades . "  Eventually , a short duration human mission would allow us to gain experience having humans live at another world , with the hope that it would someday be possible to live in the atmosphere permanently , " Jones said . Read more from Tomorrow Transformed : Wind farms of the future go underwater Is the Darknet a glimpse into the web of the future ? China 's impact on the future of e-commerce	NASA is studying the possibility of sending a manned mission into the relatively benign atmosphere of Venus The concept involves sending an aeroshell that would contain a folded helium airship in the planet 's atmosphere At 30 miles above the planet 's surface , the gravity , atmosphere and radiation protection is similar to that of Earth The space agency says the mission could involve creating a floating blimp city for a permanent manned presence
CNN  -- Calling their grit , resiliency and sense of community an inspiration to all Americans , President Barack Obama promised Tuesday that those impacted by last month 's deadly landslide in Washington wo n't be forgotten -- least of all by the federal government . Speaking in Oso , a small community about 60 miles northeast of Seattle that was ground zero for disaster , Obama outlined the ways the government has already helped and will continue to do so . He said that he wanted to visit the area to show support for "  families who are searching for loved ones  and  families who have lost everything . " "  I just wanted to let you know that the country is thinking about all of you , and have throughout this tragedy , " the President said . "  We 're not going anywhere . We 'll be here as long as it takes . " Obama spoke exactly one month after the rain-saturated hillside along the Stillaguamish River gave way , unleashing walls of mud that swallowed up roads and homes in and around Oso . First responders , Washington National Guard members and volunteers quickly converged on the traumatic scene , digging through mud , logs and debris 70 feet thick in some places hoping to find the missing . Authorities on Monday put the death toll from the landslide at 41 , though that number could rise as the search continues . The President noted that while few knew of Oso before last month , many since have "  been inspired by the incredible way that they community has come together and shown love and support that they have for other in ways big and small . " That might include risking their lives volunteering to find neighbors , providing a meal to those on the front lines or offering up chain saws or rain jackets . "  One resident said , ` We 're Oso , and we just do it , ' " Obama said after touring the damage and meeting with various people involved in the search-and-rescue operations as well as relatives whose loved ones died . The debris field is full of toxic sludge , including human waste and toxic chemicals from households , oil and gas , according to Lt. Richard Burke of the Bellevue Fire Department . During the rescue efforts , some workers have come down with dysentery . The work seems never-ending , and the piles of debris and muck remain high a month after the mudslide . But thanks to workers ' efforts , water that was 6 feet deep has now drained , making it easier for heavy equipment to navigate the still tricky terrain . One spruce tree that remained standing after the mudslide is now a memorial to the victims and a source of strength to the workers . Obama came to Washington state on the way to a four-country tour to Asia . He will stop in Malaysia , where the mystery of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 and its scores of passengers remains unsolved , and South Korea , where a ferry full of high schoolers collapsed last week . The President did n't refer to either of those disasters in his comments Tuesday . But he did laud the response of those in and around Oso for symbolizing what is best his own country . "  This is ... what America is all about , " Obama said . "  When times get tough , we look out for each other . We get each others ' backs . And we recover , and we build , and we come back stronger . " How to help the victims CNN 's Faith Karimi and Ana Cabrera contributed to this report .	NEW : President Barack Obama says laudable response shows "  what America is all about " He promises locals that "  we 'll be here as long as it takes " Obama tours the area and meets with rescue crews and victims ' relatives The death toll from the March 22 landslide stands at 41 , authorities say
CNN  -- Paraguay will meet Uruguay in Sunday 's Copa America final in Argentina after a dramatic penalty shoot-out win over Venezuela . The 5-3 loss denied Venezuela the chance to reach the final of the Latin American tournament for the first time . The match itself was largely disappointing and finished goal-less , a far cry from the 3-3 thriller played out in the group stages by the same two sides -- Venezuela had come back from 3-1 down . Uruguay books place in final Venezuela increased the tempo in extra time ; twice hitting the woodwork through Maldondo 's deflected cross-come-shot and a free-kick from Juan Arango . Meanwhile , Paraguay , twice winners of the competition , were reduced to ten men for the last 20 minutes after Jonathan Santana received his second caution of the match . But still Venezuela could not make the breakthrough . After the match , Venezuela 's coach , Cesar Farias , was left to rue his team 's ill fortune . "  I do n't want to do them down -- but Paraguay were incredibly lucky , " he said , in quotes carried by Agence France-Presse . "  But we go home with our heads held high . "  They chalked off a goal for us , we hit the woodwork three times and created more chances . We should have won but it did n't work out for us . This is how things go with football and I can not reproach my players . " Paraguay goalkeeper Justo Villar also conceded fortune had favored his side . "  It 's not that we have been practicing penalties -- we 've been rather lucky , " he told AFP . Venezuela will now play Peru , who lost to Uruguay in the other semi-final , for 3rd place .	Paraguay beat Venezuela 5-3 on penalties to reach Copa America final It was Venezuela 's first-ever appearance in the last four of the competition Venezuela , who twice hit the woodwork in extra time , play Peru for 3rd place
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- Twin car bombs exploded near three Iraqi government buildings Sunday in central Baghdad , killing at least 132 people . It was the deadliest attack in the country in more than two years . More than 500 people were wounded . The blasts had ripple effects throughout the country , triggering questions about the state of Iraqi security and about national elections planned for January . No one immediately claimed responsibility . Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki vowed to punish "  the enemies of the Iraqi people who want to spread chaos in the country and derail the political process and prevent the parliamentary elections from taking place as planned . " Surveying the carnage shortly after the explosions , al-Maliki said holding the elections as scheduled would send the strongest response and message to the "  enemies of the political process who are supported from the outside . " "  The cowardly attack that took place today should not affect the determination of the Iraqi people from continuing their battle against the deposed regime and the gangs of criminal Baath party and the terrorist al Qaeda organization , who have committed the most heinous crimes against the civilians , ' " al-Maliki said in a statement . Iraqi and U.S. officials had warned of a possible increase in violence ahead of the balloting . President Obama condemned the "  outrageous attacks against the Iraqi people . " In a statement , Obama called the bombings an attempt to "  derail Iraq 's progress " and pledged that the United States would be a "  close friend and partner " as Iraq prepares for elections . According to the statement , Obama spoke Sunday with al-Maliki and Iraqi President Jalal Talabani to express his condolences and reiterate U.S. support . The area struck Sunday is close to the heavily guarded Green Zone that also houses the U.S. Embassy . Gen. Ray Odierno , the top U.S. military commander in Iraq , and Christopher Hill , U.S. ambassador to Iraq , condemned the bombings , which came a day after the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , Susan Rice , visited the country for the first time . "  We will assist the Iraqi government in any way we can to ensure that those individuals or groups responsible for such horrific acts be pursued and brought to justice , " they said in a joint statement . The European Union condemned "  this terrorist attack " and sent its condolences to the families of the victims , the Swedish presidency said in a statement . The bombs detonated in quick succession about 10:30 a.m. , as the Iraqi work week began , an Interior Ministry official said . Among more than 500 people wounded were three American security contractors , the U.S. Embassy told CNN . The embassy would not give any more details . One of the bombs exploded outside Baghdad 's governorate building . The other was outside the Justice Ministry , about 500 meters  1,600 feet  away . The nearby Ministry of Municipalities and Public Works also sustained severe damage . Plumes of smoke billowed from the sites of the attacks as victims fled , some with blood streaming down their faces . The streets were strewn with debris , including charred cars and chunks of concrete from damaged buildings . Some government buildings and others in the area were heavily damaged . It was the deadliest attack on Iraqi civilians since August 2007 , when three truck bombings targeted Iraqi Kurds , killing hundreds in Qahtaniya , in northern Iraq . In August , more than 100 people were killed in a series of bombings in Baghdad in what Iraqis have dubbed "  Bloody Wednesday . " Those attacks shook confidence in the abilities of Iraqi security forces who took over securing urban areas from U.S. troops over the summer . Security was tightened around Baghdad in the wake of the August bombings . Blast walls were erected around the city and more checkpoints were set up . Susan Rice , the ambassador , completed her two-day visit to Iraq on Saturday that included a condolence stop at the Foreign Ministry , one of the sites attacked in August . Iraqi journalists grilled officials on TV on Sunday , demanding to know how the most recent attacks could have taken place given the new security measures . An Iraqi official said the government was working to bolster security , but regional cooperation was needed to help fight suicide bombers . "  We are calling on international and U.N. envoys to come and find out why Iraq is being targeted this way , " said Ali al-Dabbagh , the Iraqi government spokesman . He said Iraq 's setbacks are mainly caused by a fledgling intelligence that has "  not been completed . " The Iraqi government has blamed Syria for harboring former Baath party members who it said planned the August attacks , and asked for their handover . Relations between the two neighbors were strained after the bombings . Each withdrew its ambassador from the other 's country . Sunday 's bombings came on the day Iraqi officials were due to try to break a logjam holding up a new election law . Iraqis are supposed to go to the polls January 16 , but Parliament still has not passed the legislation , putting the balloting in limbo . The original deadline for parliament to pass the law was October 15 , because Iraq 's electoral commission says it needs 90 days to organize the process . Iraq 's parliament failed Wednesday to reach agreement on a new electoral law , so the issue was supposed go to the Political Council for National Security on Sunday . CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh , Mohammed Jamjoom , and Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	Obama condemns bombings , pledges U.S. support for Iraq election Death toll rises to 132 in suicide bombings , officials say Two bombs explode outside government buildings in Baghdad In August , at least 100 killed , dozens hurt in another twin bombing
CNN  -- Popes John XXIII and John Paul II will be declared saints in April , the Vatican said Monday . The announcement came after Pope Francis met with cardinals to discuss the planned canonizations of two of his predecessors . The ceremony will take place on April 27 . It will be the first time two popes will be canonized at the same time . Why does a pope become a saint ? To be named a saint involves a series of steps , but the qualifications are straightforward , according to the veteran Vatican analyst John Allen . "  You put a holy life and two miracles together , according to the Catholic system , you 've got a saint , " he said . The calls to canonize John Paul II began even before he had been buried . People attending his funeral in 2005 held banners saying "  Santo Subito , " short for "  make him a saint now . " Their call was heard . Bypassing the normal five-year waiting period , Pope Benedict XVI set in motion the process to canonize his predecessor . John Paul is said to have miraculously cured Sister Marie Simon-Pierre , a French nun stricken by Parkinson 's disease , several months after his death . Read more : Pope names first Native American saint The church says the second miracle occurred when a Costa Rican woman with a brain aneurism recovered after praying to John Paul . John XXIII , revered for his role in the Second Vatican Council , is only recorded as having performed one miracle after his death in 1963 . "  Pope Francis has decided that there already was a decree of heroic virtue saying that the man had lived a holy life , " Allen says . "  There already was one miracle certified for his beatification in 2000 , so Pope Francis has decided he does n't have to pass go , does n't have to collect $ 200 , he can go directly to sainthood . " In fact , canonization by the Catholic Church simply formalizes on earth what is already in place in heaven , Allen points out . "  It 's not like Karol Wojtyla , John Paul II , will suddenly become a saint when the canonization ceremony occurs , " he says . "  The belief would be he is already in heaven with God , living the life of a saint . All that 's going to happen when the ceremony occurs is that the church will officially recognize that . " CNN 's Hada Messia contributed to this report .	To become a saint , a person needs to lead a holy life and perform two miracles John Paul II is said to have cured a French nun and a Costa Rican woman Pope John XXIII is only recorded as having performed one miracle after his death But Pope Francis has decided that there are sufficient grounds to canonize him
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- The Los Angeles Times ' headquarters aptly sits where the U.S. Army corralled camels during the Civil War , when Southern California was a desert with no natural resources . A new film on PBS explores how the Chandler family helped develop Los Angeles through their newspaper . Los Angeles ' development from an arid wasteland to a world metropolis and cultural capital is closely linked to the newspaper 's rise under the ownership of one family . "  It would still be a desert , " documentary filmmaker Peter Jones said , if Gen. Harrison Gray Otis did n't arrive in the 1880s to take over the bankrupt Los Angeles Times and his son-in-law , Harry Chandler , was n't there to follow him . Jones ' documentary is a saga of four generations of the region 's most powerful family shaping Los Angeles as they pursued their own civil agendas -- and accumulated wealth . "  Inventing L.A. : The Chandlers and Their Times " premieres Monday on PBS . Historian David Halberstam said in the documentary that the Chandlers dominated Southern California as no other family has dominated any major region of the United States . "  They did not so much foster the growth of Los Angeles as invent it , " said Halberstam , who died in 2007 . Harrison Gray Otis , Harry Chandler , Norman Chandler and Otis Chandler succeeded each other at the helm of the Los Angeles Times over a span of 100 years . The city grew from a small desert town to the nation 's second-largest city , while the family became one of the nation 's wealthiest . The Chandler family dynasty ended when the general 's great-grandson Otis Chandler was ousted as chairman of the Times board of directors in 1985 . The family eventually sold its Times-Mirror Company to Chicago 's Tribune Company -- which is now in bankruptcy . Each man 's personality and strengths were tailored for what was demanded of their time , said Jones . "  For each era , they were up to that particular era , " he said . "  You could n't actually rearrange them , " said Harry Chandler 's namesake and the great-great-grandson of the general . "  You could n't have a General Otis in late 20th-century America , " Chandler told CNN , referring to the dynasty 's founder who served as an Army general in the Philippine-American War before taking over the Los Angeles Times . "  His character was one of the period . ' I have a vision and everything I touch needs to support that vision and damn the consequences . ' " Otis used his newspaper to scare the public about the threat of drought , drumming up support for a 230-mile aqueduct -- one of the modern engineering marvels -- to divert water from the Owens Valley to Los Angeles , Jones said . He was part of a syndicate that bought vast tracts of barren land in the San Fernando Valley with the inside knowledge the Los Angeles Aqueduct would bring water there . The scandal later inspired Roman Polanski 's award-winning film "  Chinatown . " Otis also used the Times to influence the federal government 's decision to build the Port of Los Angeles , Jones said . "  He had the foresight to say ` We have to build a man-made harbor here in Los Angeles if we want to become a major port of trade , ' and today the Port of Los Angeles is the busiest port in the United States , " Jones said . The general and his successor son-in-law promoted investment in and migration to the Los Angeles area with stories of sunshine and opportunity . More people moving in meant more readers for their newspaper and demand for the real estate empire they were building . Harrison Gray Otis and Harry Chandler used their newspaper to create a vision of Los Angeles as "  America 's Great White Spot " -- free of crime and communism . They fought a decades-long battle against labor unions -- a battle that included the 1910 bombing of The Los Angeles Times headquarters . The Los Angeles film , aviation , high technology , shipping and oil industries grew from the Chandlers ' influence , Jones said . As a conservative Republican family , they helped launch Richard Nixon 's political career in post-World War II California . The story is not all about the men . Dorothy Chandler -- the strong-willed wife of Norman Chandler -- waged a relentless campaign to turn Los Angeles into a world-class cultural center , Jones said . She led a campaign to raise money to save the Hollywood Bowl and the Los Angeles Philharmonic . In doing so , she brought together the Westside Jewish community with the white Protestant establishment based in Pasadena , Harry Chandler said . Tom Johnson , who became first nonfamily publisher of the Times in 1980 , said one of Dorothy Chandler 's "  most remarkable " contributions was the successful effort to make sure her son Otis succeeded her husband as publisher in 1960 . "  The very new approach that Otis took and his leadership of the newspaper was just astounding , " Johnson said in an interview with CNN . Otis Chandler gave reporters editorial independence , opened news bureaus around the world and strengthened the paper 's coverage of the suburbs , Johnson said . Under Otis Chandler , it rose from being one of the worst major papers in the country to being one of the top three , Johnson said . "  It was his goal to make the Los Angeles Times one of the best newspapers , and he did it in 20 years , being the right publisher at the right time , " Johnson said . But Otis Chandler 's transformation of the Times from a conservative newspaper into a Pulitzer Prize-winning rival to the New York Times and Washington Post angered many Chandler family members . "  Some Chandlers were members of the John Birch society ; his paper did an expose on it , " Johnson said . Otis Chandler 's newspaper looked closely at the Los Angeles Police Department , "  which had a reputation to shoot first and ask questions , " Johnson said . The deep family rift eventually led to the sale of the Times-Mirror Company to the Tribune Company -- and the end of the dynasty . Johnson , who left the newspaper in 1989 and later became chairman of CNN , said the paper declined in the years since because "  rather than going for people who were superb newspaper people , they went outside to pick people who , in my opinion , blew the place apart . " Some Chandler family descendants cooperated with Jones ' efforts to explore the Chandler family 's dealings . "  He does n't whitewash , but he does n't dig into the dark side and linger too long , " said Harry Chandler , the son of Otis Chandler . The documentary is "  on whole , a very balanced , very accomplished , incredibly well researched " documentary , Chandler said . Jones said he avoided judging the motives of Gen. Otis and his successors . "  When these guys were going about building the city , sometimes they did things , I would n't say in an underhanded way , but in a very private way , " Jones said . "  How do you ascribe motives to people who did things 100 years ago ? Was it for greed , avarice and duplicity ? History in general is this tangled web of good and evil . "	"  Inventing L.A. : The Chandlers and Their Times " premieres Monday on PBS Historian : Chandlers not only dominated Los Angeles , they invented it Los Angeles grew from small desert town to nation 's second-largest city The Chandler family newspaper dynasty ended in 1985
LONDON , England  CNN  -- It would be news enough in itself -- the departure of one of business education 's brightest young stars to the private sector -- but Joel Podolny 's announcement that he is to stand down as dean of the Yale School of Management carries a wider impact . Back to school ? An Apple store in downtown Munich , Germany Podolny , still only 43 and credited with helping applications to the school rise by 50 percent in his four-year tenure , is leaving to become the first ever dean of the so-called Apple University . The computer and tech company has yet to say exactly what Apple University is -- an Apple spokesman called it only an "  exciting new project " -- but many people assume it is likely to be an in-house executive education and training facility for employees . If confirmed , Podolny 's move highlights the way in which increasing numbers of corporations set up their own "  corporate universities , " designed to provide tailor-made training to staff . According to one academic study of the phenomenon , by 2001 there were already around 2,000 corporate universities around the world . These are not necessarily intended to replace MBAs or EMBAs at traditional business schools . They tend instead to be far more narrow in focus and specifically geared to the individual needs of the corporation in question . And yet , corporate universities have increasingly borrowed ideas and methods from business schools , a trend which with Podolny 's departure has now apparently extended to poaching staff . Podolny was seen as a hugely successful dean for Yale , overseeing a revamp of the school 's curriculum as well as a notable boost to its reputation . In an email to staff and students announcing his departure , Podolny spoke of his regret but said he had long harbored a passion for all things Apple . "  While there are many great companies , I can not think of one that has had as tremendous personal meaning for me as Apple , " he wrote . "  I remember writing my first computer program on an Apple II , remember pulling an all-nighter to watch the Laserwriter  attached to my 128K Mac  print my undergraduate thesis at seven minutes per page . " So what will the former professor of economic sociology , who was at the Stanford and Harvard schools before Yale , be doing at Apple ? The Yale Daily News quoted unnamed Apple "  company insiders " as saying Podolny would mastermind executive education programs within the computer company . This would not be a first for Silicon Valley . While the most famous corporate universities have been in industry and the service sectors , most notably the 47-year-old Hamburger University , which has trained generations of McDonald 's managers , technology firms have taken this idea a stage further . Animation film studio Pixar -- where Apple boss Steve Jobs was formerly CEO -- runs a huge range of courses for staff at its own corporate university . Pixar University is intended to teach more than just the nuts and bolts of modern day computer animation , but to inspire employees ' creativity with a wide range of classes , more than a dozen a week , which staff are permitted to miss work to attend . "  We offer the equivalent of a B.A. in fine arts through our courses , " says Pixar University 's dean , Randy Nelson .	Joel Podolny , dean of Yale School of Management , is to step down He is to head "  Apple University " at the tech firm of that name Observers predict this is going to be a "  corporate university " for staff
Tokyo  CNN  -- Toyota on Wednesday announced recalls involving more than 1.5 million vehicles worldwide for issues that could result in fuel leakage , the company said . One recall involves about 1.2 million units of 16 models -- including the Noah and other models -- within Japan and 140,000 Avensis and Tourer models overseas because of faulty fuel pipes that could cause fuel leakage , according to the company . A separate recall involves 245,000 2006 through 2007 Lexus GS300/350 vehicles , 2006 through early 2009 Lexus IS250 vehicles and 2006 through early 2008 Lexus IS350 vehicles sold in the United States to inspect the fuel pressure sensor installation , according to a company statement . "  Due to insufficient tightening of the fuel pressure sensor connected to certain engine fuel delivery pipes ... there is a possibility that the pressure sensor could loosen over time , " the statement said . "  Lexus dealers will inspect the vehicle for fuel leakage and if no leakage is found , will tighten the fuel pressure sensor with the proper torque . If a fuel leak is confirmed , the gasket between the sensor and the delivery pipe will be replaced and the sensor will be tightened with the proper torque . " The inspection and possible gasket replacement will be conducted at no charge to the vehicle owner , according to the company statement . Toyota said no accidents have been reported in relation to the recalls . CNN 's Junko Ogura contributed to this report .	More than 1.3 million vehicles are recalled because of potentially faulty fuel pipes An additional 245,000 Lexus cars in the U.S. are recalled for fuel pressure sensor inspection Toyota says no accidents have been reported in relation to the recalls
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Chris Brown was booted from a rehab facility this month after smashing his mother 's car window during a family session , his probation officer reported Wednesday . The judge overseeing Brown 's probation in his Rihanna beating case ordered the singer to immediately enter another rehab program and stay for 90 days . Brown , who was arrested on an assault charge in Washington , D.C. , last month , still faces a possibly probation violation charge that could send him to prison . "  There is much concern with the probationer 's new arrest and his violent outburst that resulted in his discharge from a treatment facility , " the probation report said . The singer sat nervously in a Los Angeles County courtroom , holding girlfriend Karrueche Tran 's hand as he waited while his lawyer , Mark Geragos , met privately with the judge and prosecutor before his hearing began Wednesday afternoon . Brown 's freedom has been in question since he was arrested on a sidewalk near the White House after allegedly punching a man . The probation imposed when he pleaded guilty to a felony charge in the 2009 attack on Rihanna -- his girlfriend at the time -- requires that he stay out of legal trouble . The lawyers and judge emerged from chambers with a deal , which required Brown to spend the next 90 days in a court-approved treatment facility . Los Angeles County Deputy District Attorney Mary Murray told the judge she still reserved the right to ask for Brown 's probation to be revoked on the D.C. arrest . Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge James Brandlin ordered the probation officer to provide a detailed report about that incident , with that report expected to be presented when Brown returns to court on December 16 . Brown voluntarily entered a rehab center on October 28 , a day after he was released from a Washington jail . "  His goal is to gain focus and insight into his past and recent behavior , enabling him to continue the pursuit of his life and his career from a healthier vantage point , " representative Nicole Perna said when he entered . When he checked out on November 10 his representative said he would continue in the program as an outpatient . However , the probation report given to the judge Wednesday disputed that , saying he was kicked out of the program . It quoted a center official saying he was ordered out for "  breaking programs rules by acting violently . " The violence involved Brown "  throwing a rock through his mother 's car window " after a family session at the center in which she said she wanted him to stay in the treatment . "  Mr. Brown preceded to walk outside and pick up a rock and threw it through his mother 's car window and it shattered , " according to letter from the rehab center included in the probation report . Brown 's "  prognosis is very guarded " unless he gets professional help , the letter said , Brown will leave the new rehab center three days a week to work eight-hour shifts of community labor so that he can complete the 1,000 hours of work still remaining in his punishment for the attack on Rihanna . The report estimated he will have to work on community labor three days of every week until next August to meet his deadline . He may also travel to Washington for a court hearing Monday in the assault case there , the judge said . His lawyer said he would try to get the hearing delayed . Secret Service report could help Chris Brown 's defense	Chris Brown must spend the next 90 days in a rehab facility , judge says The rehab is part of a deal Brown 's lawyer reached with the prosecutor Brown 's probation officer recommended the singer be ordered to rehab His arrest in Washington still threatens Brown 's freedom
