CNN  -- Massimiliano Allegri paid the price for AC Milan 's lowly position in the Italian Serie A table Monday when the club announced he had been sacked as coach . Milan has finished first , second and third under Allegri in the last three seasons , but the seven-time European champions sit in 11th place after 19 games of the 2013-14 season . Crucially , the Rossoneri lies 20 points adrift of Napoli in the third and final qualifying position for the lucrative European Champions League . Sunday 's 4-3 defeat to lowly Sassuolo , a match which saw Allegri 's charges go 2-0 up early in the first half , proved to be the final straw for Milan , which is owned by former Italian prime minister Silvio Berlusconi . As Allegri acknowledged on the club 's official website after the defeat : "  The only objective set since I 've been here has been a top three finish and we 're far away from that now . " An official club statement read : "  AC Milan wishes to communicate that Massimiliano Allegri and his staff have been relieved of their duties with immediate effect . "  AC Milan would like to thank Mr. Allegri and his staff for their time with the club and wish them the best for the future . "  Coach Mauro Tassotti will take charge in the meantime of the team . " Although qualification for next season 's competition looks unlikely , Milan still has a Champions League last 16 tie with Spanish high-fliers Atletico Madrid to look forward to . Whoever replaces Allegri will be able to call on the services of Keisuke Honda , the Japanese playmaker who made his debut for Milan on Sunday after completing his transfer from CSKA Moscow .	Massimiliano Allegri sacked as coach of AC Milan Allegri 's Milan lost 4-3 to Sassuolo on Sunday , a game it was leading 2-0 Milan is 11th in the Serie A table , 20 points adrift of Champions League qualification
CNN  -- Two-time champion Alberto Contador is out of this year 's Tour de France after suffering a heavy crash during Monday 's 10th stage . The Spaniard had completed 62 kilometers of the 161.5-kilometer stage from Mulhouse to La Planche des Belles Filles when he fell off his bike on the descent of Petit Ballon . After receiving medical attention at the roadside for a bloodied right knee , Contador rejoined the race on a new bike . Tinkoff-Saxo teammates tried to help their team captain to get back into contention with the main peloton , but their efforts came to nothing when a tearful Contador called it a day 20 kilometers later . Contador started the day in ninth place , four minutes and eight seconds behind overall leader Tony Gallopin of France with Italy 's Vincenzo Nibali  Astana  second in the standings following Sunday 's stage . The 31-year-old won the tour in 2007 and 2009 but was stripped of his 2010 title after testing positive for banned anabolic steroid clenbuterol during that year 's race . Contador follows last year 's winner Chris Froome out of the 2014 tour -- the Team Sky rider 's attempt to win back-to-back titles ended last week . After injuring his wrist and hip in a fall in stage five on Tuesday , Froome then came off his bike twice more in wet conditions the following day forcing him to retire . The 29-year-old British cyclist tweeted his sympathies to Contador following the Spaniard 's exit saying it was a "  big loss " for the tour before wishing him a swift recovery . Nibali went on to win the 10th stage to reclaim the yellow jersey . The Italian overtook Spaniard Joaquim Rodriguez in the final kilometer of the gruelling mountain stage to claim a second victory in this year 's race . France 's Thibaut Pinot took second place on the stage finishing 15 seconds behind Nibali with Alejandro Valverde of Spain taking third spot . Valverde 's efforts on Monday leave him third overall while Australian Richie Porte  Team Sky  who finished the stage in seventh place , moves up to second overall , two minutes 23 seconds behind Nibali . Gallopin 's 33rd-place finish on Monday saw him slip to fifth overall .	Two-time Tour de France winner falls and injures knee during stage 10 Contador rejoins race but retires 20 kilometers later Spaniard follows 2013 winner Chris Froome out of this year 's tour Vincenzo Nibali takes stage victory to reclaim yellow jersey
OPRAH.com  -- Do n't confuse Katey Sagal for Peg Bundy -- it 's a common mistake . Katey Sagal says being a mother has been her greatest teacher -- for all her roles . While her infamous alter ego was uneducated , Katey is thoughtful and well-spoken ; Peg 's fashion is time-warped  hello , bouffant !  , Katey 's is earthy ; for every ounce of laziness in Peg 's body , Katey has a multitasking one to match . It may have taken years for the actress to shake her TV counterpart , but watch Katey as fierce matriarch Gemma Morrow on FX 's motorcycle drama "  Sons of Anarchy "  which was released on DVD Tuesday  , and you 'll start to wonder , "  Peg who ? " Rachel Bertsche : You 're known for playing three very different mothers -- "  Married with Children 's " Peg Bundy , Kate from "  8 Simple Rules " and now Gemma . Plus , you have three kids of your own , two teenagers and a 2 1/2 - year-old . Given all that on - and off-screen mothering experience , is there any universal quality that you would say all moms have ? Katey Sagal : Being a mother has been my greatest teacher and also the most self-sacrificing thing I 've ever done . I 've never loved anybody the way I love my children . It 's an experience I was surprised by . You have your boyfriend , your husband , your friends , but it 's a different thing . It 's deeper , and it 's a fantastic -- and risky -- commitment to love that deeply . I think the characters I 've played all have that quality , even Peg Bundy . She was devoted and loyal to her children in her own wacky way . But Gemma is intensely dedicated to her family and would do anything to protect her son and her extended family , which is the club . In my personal life , I do n't know that I would go to the lengths for my kids that Gemma does , but close . Bertsche : You were Peg Bundy before you were actually a mom . Once you had your first child , id having firsthand experience change the way you played her ? Sagal : Well , I 've always been a maternal type , but yes , everything was different once I had kids . Your whole perspective on the world changes -- I love how I was n't so self-obsessed anymore ! I ca n't say my characterizations of Peggy necessarily changed much . I just understood more what I was doing . Bertsche : You mentioned your husband , Kurt Sutter , who is also the creator of your show . What 's it like to mix family with business ? Sagal : Most of the time it 's super great . There are moments when it 's not , of course , but most of the time it 's nice because we actually get to see each other . His job is intense , so he does n't get a day like I have today where he can stay home from work . When I 'm there , we can sometimes have lunch together , stuff like that . The hard part gets to be like "  OK , maybe we should talk about something else . " It becomes the constant topic of conversation , the show and the kids , and we have to make a conscious effort to say , "  Let 's not talk about it tonight . " Bertsche : People used to say that women of "  a certain age " -- over 40 -- could n't find any roles in Hollywood . That 's certainly not true anymore , especially on cable , and you might be playing one of the toughest women out there . Why do think that has changed ? Sagal : I do n't know why it 's changed , but I 'm really grateful it has . Maybe it has to do with the fact that we 're all living longer and suddenly it 's okay to get older . Maybe there 's a broader audience for these characters . The stories you can tell about older women are deeper . Plus , cable has opened up enormous possibilities . In feature films , you 're still lucky if you 're not the girlfriend or the wife . But I just read yesterday that Dianne Keaton is going to be on television now , she 's doing a series with HBO , so TV is where our stories are being told . Bertsche : Gemma 's a pretty controversial character . How do you feel about her ? Sagal : I really like her . I like that she 's flawed but she does n't think that she is . She 's survived a lot , and people like that tend to live in a lot of denial . She knows how to get through life in her way , and she does n't question it . It 's just , "  This is how it is . " For instance , I do n't think Gemma 's ever been to therapy . She 's not that girl . What you see is what you get . Bertsche : What 's on tap for her this season ? Sagal : Something very dark happens . The club is going to go through some turmoil -- when you live an outlaw lifestyle , that 's the risk you take . As my husband says , this season is all about loyalties . Henry Rollins and Adam Arkin are on the show this year , and they ... well , I do n't want to say too much , but they 're not really good guys . Bertsche : I promised a co-worker I 'd ask you about "  Lost . " She 's dying to know if your character , Helen , is really dead . Even though we saw the grave , she does n't believe it 's the full story . Got anything on that ? Sagal : I was just reading an article this morning at the gym about how they were going to bring back people who were dead on "  Lost , " and they did n't mention me ! Nobody tells me anything . I 'm always thinking that Helen should come back and show up on the island , but as of today , no one 's sent me a plane ticket to Hawaii . So I do n't think it 's going to happen , but I do n't know . They 're very close to the chest with all that stuff . Oprah.com : Get up close with all the hottest celebrities ! Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2009 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Katey Sagal 's series about cyclists , "  Sons of Anarchy , " is out on DVD Sagal says being a mother has given her insight into her major roles She hears rumors about "  Lost , " but nobody 's told her anything personally
CNN  -- Prosecutors will appeal a 30-day jail sentence handed down Monday against Dharun Ravi , the ex-Rutgers student convicted of spying on and intimidating his gay roommate , who then killed himself by jumping off New York 's George Washington Bridge . Middlesex County Prosecutor Bruce J. Kaplan said Ravi 's crimes warranted "  more than a 30-day jail term " and called Superior Judge Glenn Berman 's sentence "  insufficient under the sentencing laws of this state , the facts that were determined by a jury and long-standing appellate precedent . " Calling the appeal "  a registering of outrage , " CNN Senior Legal Analyst Jeffrey Toobin said there is "  very little chance " the sentence will be overturned . He noted that under New Jersey law , the judge had the flexibility to sentence Ravi to anything from zero to 10 years in prison . "  The heart of this case was a paradox : Was this a prank that just got out of control after the fact , or was it a hate crime ? " Toobin said . "  He was convicted of a hate crime , but the judge really treated this like a prank . " Is 30-day sentence fair for student who bullied gay roommate ? Under the sentence , Ravi will serve three years of probation and must complete 300 hours of community service aimed at assisting victims of bias crimes , according to Berman . He also must pay more than $ 11,000 in restitution . Berman stayed the jail sentence for 10 days pending expected appeals from the prosecution and the defense . The September 2010 death of Tyler Clementi , and Ravi 's trial this year , thrust the issue of cyberbullying and prejudices against homosexuals into the national spotlight . Clementi , an 18-year-old freshman , plunged to his death into the Hudson River after learning Ravi had secretly spied via a webcam as Clementi kissed another man . Opinion : What the tragedy of Tyler Clementi teaches about teen sexting . "  I have n't heard you apologize once , " Berman told Ravi , 20 . He said Clementi "  placed his trust in you without any conditions , and you violated it . " Ravi , he said , acted out of "  colossal insensitivity . " Berman said he took Ravi 's youth and his lack of a criminal record into consideration in determining the sentence . The judge told Ravi the only reason he did not recommend deportation was because the man involved in the videotaped encounter , identified in court only as "  M.B. , " said in his victim impact statement he did not believe Ravi should be deported and would be willing to write a letter to that effect . Ravi could have faced 10 years in prison and deportation to his native India Ravi 's sentencing hearing stretched to nearly four hours Monday , punctuated by emotional victim impact statements by Clementi 's parents and brother . "  My son Tyler was a kind and gentle soul , " Joe Clementi said of his son . "  Nobody other than Tyler understood how vulnerable he was , but the fact is that he was very vulnerable -- and he was shaken by the cold , criminal actions of his roommate . " James Clementi recalled his brother 's excitement about attending college . "  He could never have known the viper 's nest he was walking into , " he said . "  I have often found myself wondering if Dharun Ravi is even capable of empathizing with another person , " the brother added . In his statement , "  M.B. " said , "  I do not mind that Mr. Ravi has never apologized to me for what he did and said , but I do wonder if it ever has entered his mind that he has caused me a great deal of pain and yet he knows nothing about me . " Ravi 's parents also addressed the court , although he chose not to speak . "  Not a single day goes by we do n't think about Tyler , " said his father , Ravi Pazhani . But he said his son had been demonized and "  dragged through the mud . " "  How can a person who never acted as a bully ... go from a passive child to hardcore bully overnight ? " he asked . His mother , Sabitha Ravi , cried as she related the stress and pain her son has experienced since Clementi 's death . "  He has been living in hell for the past 20 months , " she said . Listening to her statement , Ravi grew tearful for the first time during the hearing . After his mother finished speaking , the two embraced as she sobbed . Michael Billy , a gay rights advocate and television producer who has hosted shows on PBS and SiriusXM radio , told HLN 's Vinnie Politan he was "  physically disgusted " by the 30-day sentence . "  Gay kids across the country need to get the message that their life matters , " which the New Jersey native claimed is the opposite of what came across Monday . "  That is the message that is being sent : That we still do not take these things seriously , " said Billy , lamenting that "  Tyler Clementi had no chance , " though Ravi would get one . Though Ravi and Molly Wei -- a fellow student who admitted to joining Ravi to watch the surreptitious encounter that others were alerted to via social media -- were charged in the wake of Clementi 's suicide , they were not charged directly with his death . Facing two counts of invasion of privacy , Wei reached a plea deal that required her to testify against her friend and former high school classmate as well as to complete a three-year program on cyberbullying and 300 hours of community service . Before sentencing Ravi , Berman said he was planning to terminate Wei 's program early , noting that she testified candidly against Ravi although "  it was clear she did n't want to be here . " He said she had completed 250 hours of community service before her testimony . Ravi , who was studying on a visa at the New Jersey university at the time of the incident , turned down a plea deal offered by Middlesex County prosecutors . Under the terms of that offer , he would have avoided jail time in exchange for undergoing counseling , doing 600 hours of community service and disposing of any information that could identify the man who appeared in the Web video with Clementi . Prosecutors also offered to help Ravi avoid deportation , though they said they could not guarantee it . That set the stage for the trial , during which prosecutors argued that Ravi tried to embarrass Clementi because he was gay and that his actions were motivated by a desire to intimidate the Ridgewood , New Jersey , native expressly because of his sexual orientation . "  These acts were purposeful , they were intentional , and they were planned , " prosecutor Julia L. McClure told the jury on the first day of the trial . Ravi "  was bothered by Tyler Clementi 's sexual orientation , " she later said more bluntly . Ravi 's attorneys countered by portraying their client as an immature college student who made a mistake and insisting his actions were not based on homophobia . After more than three weeks in court , a jury on March 16 convicted Ravi of invasion of privacy , bias intimidation , witness tampering , hindering apprehension and tampering with physical evidence . Opinion : Bullying case calls for smarter sentence than 10 years in prison Days after his conviction , Ravi told ABC television 's "  20/20 " that he thought Clementi understood he "  was n't trying to intimidate him and scare him because he was gay . " He also criticized the public portray of what happened . "  I felt like I was being used by everybody , " said Ravi . "  They were taking revenge on me , even though what they think happened is n't what happened . "	NEW : There 's "  very little chance " the sentence will be overturned , CNN 's Toobin says The judge says he took Dharun Ravi 's age and other factors into consideration Ravi was convicted of invasion of privacy , bias intimidation and other charges Tyler Clementi , 18 , then killed himself , setting off a national discussion about bullying
CNN  -- Dennis Farina , the dapper , mustachioed cop-turned-actor best known for his tough-as-nails work in such TV series as "  Law & Order , " "  Crime Story , " and "  Miami Vice , " has died . He was 69 . "  We are deeply saddened by the loss of a great actor and a wonderful man , " said his publicist , Lori De Waal , in a statement Monday . "  Dennis Farina was always warmhearted and professional , with a great sense of humor and passion for his profession . He will be greatly missed by his family , friends and colleagues . " Farina , who had a long career as a police officer in Chicago , got into acting through director Michael Mann , who used him as a consultant and cast him in his 1981 movie , "  Thief . " That role led to others in such Mann-created shows as "  Miami Vice "  in which Farina played a mobster  and "  Crime Story "  in which he starred as Lt. Mike Torello  . Farina also had roles , generally as either cops or gangsters , in a number of movies , including "  Midnight Run "  1988  , "  Get Shorty "  1995  , "  The Mod Squad "  1999  and "  Snatch "  2000  . In 2004 , he joined the cast of the long-running "  Law & Order " after Jerry Orbach 's departure , playing Detective Joe Fontana , a role he reprised on the spinoff "  Trial by Jury . " Fontana was known for flashy clothes and an expensive car , a distinct counterpoint to Orbach 's rumpled Lennie Briscoe . Farina was on "  Law & Order " for two years , partnered with Jesse L. Martin 's Ed Green . Martin 's character became a senior detective after Farina left the show . In recent years , Farina was one of the stars of "  Luck , " the ill-fated HBO series about horse racing , and had an occasional role on the Fox series "  New Girl . " Farina was born in 1944 in Chicago 's Old Town neighborhood . He became a police officer in the late '60s and soon graduated to detective . His switch to acting was a fluke . A friend was an adviser on "  Thief " and recommended Farina to Mann , who was looking for a guide to the city . The director gave Farina a small part in the film . "  The process was interesting to me , very interesting , but no way did I think this was a full-time career , " Farina told Cigar Aficionado in 1999 . "  I was 35 years old and had put in more than a decade as a policeman . " But one thing led to another -- including encouragement from the Steppenwolf Theatre 's John Malkovich -- and soon Farina was getting more than bit parts . Throughout his career , he was loyal to his hometown . Chicago Tribune writer Rick Kogan once wrote of the actor , "  Dennis Farina has a Chicago neighborhood face . ... Dennis Farina has a face that should be found at dawn , unloading crates of lettuce from the back of a truck on Randolph Street . " Farina repaid the courtesy . "  My personality was formed by Chicago , " he told Cigar Aficionado . "  It 's very American , very straightforward . If you ca n't find it , or make it there , you wo n't make it anywhere . It 's a very honest place . " Farina had three sons and several grandchildren . He is survived by his longtime partner , Marianne Cahill .	Actor Dennis Farina was known for cop and tough-guy roles Farina played Joe Fontana on "  Law & Order " Actor was longtime Chicago police officer who went into acting
CHATTANOOGA , Tennessee  CNN  -- When meeting Jeff Donohoo , it 's not immediately apparent he is a 36-year-old man living with autism . In fact , unless you get him talking about the Atlanta Braves -- one of his true passions in life -- he is a very quiet person . Jeff Donohoo , 36 , at work in the kitchen at Memorial Hospital in Chattanooga , Tennessee . Early on , his younger brothers and sister did n't know , either . "  Since they grew up with him , they just knew Jeff was Jeff , " said Nancy Donohoo , his mother . "  They did n't think of him as weird or anything . " But when friends started to notice Donohoo was different , Nancy Donohoo was quick to explain to a group of 10-year-olds why . "  Jeff has a social problem , not a mental problem , " she explained . "  He 's very smart . He reads encyclopedias ... he just does n't know how to talk to people . " From then on , friends who visited the house always made an effort to interact with Donohoo , through a high-five or a simple "  hello . " Today , it 's unlikely Donohoo will be the first to say hello in a group setting , but interacting with people is easier for him than it once was . See how Donohoo copes every day " Questioned about his childhood , his most elaborate response is "  yeah " or "  no . " But when the topic is the Braves , it 's hard to get him to stop talking about the latest statistics or his favorite player , Mark Teixeira . Asked how long he 's been a Braves fan , there was little hesitation : "  All my life . " He 's come a long way since he was a child . Then , just teaching Donohoo to talk was a challenge in itself , Nancy Donohoo said . "  There was no eye contact , so I would hold his face in front of me , and say the word I wanted him to say . " Donohoo entered the first grade as a special education student . It was the first year special education was offered in his family 's hometown of Florence , Alabama . He carried on with special education until the sixth grade , when he was mainstreamed , or put in classes with children without disabilities . Explainer : Understanding autism " For most of Donohoo 's childhood , his mother had suspicions about his condition . "  When he was little , I had watched a ` Marcus Welby ' show , and they had an autistic child on there . But he was very passive ; he sat in the corner and just hit things , " Nancy Donohoo said . "  Jeff was wild . He was the opposite , so I just assumed he could n't be autistic . But he had a lot of those mannerisms . " It was Donohoo 's freshman year of high school when Nancy and Bill Donohoo learned what was wrong with their son . "  There was a doctor in Huntsville that dealt a lot with hyperactive children , " Nancy Donohoo said . "  He said , ` I 'm going to give you this sheet of paper ; these are all the symptoms of autism . ' " The list had 19 symptoms , and Nancy Donohoo was instructed to circle the ones her son had . She circled 17 . The diagnosis did n't change how Nancy Donohoo dealt with her first-born son . In fact , the doctor said she already was doing all the right things , working to socialize Donohoo . Today , Donohoo , living with his parents , finds comfort in strict routine . He wakes each day at 5 a.m. to make himself breakfast and prepare for work . At 6 , Nancy Donohoo drives her son to Memorial Hospital , where he 's entering his 16th year of service with the cafeteria . Ollie Forté is Donohoo 's supervisor , and has worked with Donohoo almost since the beginning . "  He 's very valuable to us at this department . He 's dependable , on time , no attendance problems , " said Forté . "  We love Jeff . " After work , at 2:30 p.m. , Donohoo rides with his mother to the YMCA , where he works out for about three hours . Then it 's back home , where he fixes himself dinner and spends hours online looking up Braves statistics , or reading a number of baseball-related books from his personal library . This cycle repeats on days Donohoo works at the hospital . On his days off , the schedule is equally strict , with little variation . He 'll still go to the YMCA , and he 'll also make the occasional trip to the bookstore , adding to his collection of baseball-related literature . Sudden changes to daily plans are still a challenge . "  If he 's made his plans to do something tonight , " said Bill Donohoo , "  and we come and say , ` We 're going to get something to eat . Do you want to go ? ' that upsets his plans for what he 's going to do that night . " Physical contact is also difficult . "  He does n't like to be touched , " Nancy Donohoo said . "  He does n't freak , but he does n't like it . He stiffens up . He 'll want to give you a hug , but he still has a hard time . " The many challenges aside , Donohoo has a fine appreciation for things like cooking . In addition to preparing his own meals , he also enjoys baking . "  He loves desserts -- he loves sweets , " Nancy Donohoo said with a laugh . "  He 's a little heavy , but we 're working on that . " Nancy and Bill Donohoo have endured the challenges , and they acknowledge their son will never be fully independent . But one can tell they could n't be prouder of him . "  It 's rewarding today , because he 's come so far , but it was a long road , " Nancy Donohoo said . E-mail to a friend	Jeff Donohoo , 36 , is an adult living with autism Donohoo lives in Tennessee with his parents and works at a hospital His autism was diagnosed during his freshman year of high school Donohoo 's mother : "  It 's rewarding today , because he 's come so far . "
CNN  How are Quebecois chefs putting their unique spin on traditional French cuisine ? Who are the language police , and what do they really do ? Inhabitants of Quebec , Canada 's largest French-speaking province , pride themselves on being different from their neighbors , and that sentiment extends from the language they speak to the food on their plates , and beyond . If there 's anything that unites all Quebecers , it 's their joie de vivre : Quebec is a place where fun is taken seriously . Consider these truths for a better understanding of the province : 1 . This is French soil , with a language police This tiny francophone enclave has some of the strictest language laws in the world . French must be the predominant language on signs , retail or food service employees always greet customers in French , and there are even laws dictating whether parents can send their children to English or French school . O Canada ! Our home and delicious land About 80 % of the province 's nearly 8 million inhabitants have French as a mother tongue , and outside of multicultural metropolis Montreal , most people only speak French . Time.com : Quebec 's war on English There 's an entity called the OQLF  Office quebecois de la langue francaise  , otherwise known as the language police . They enforce the rules by doling out fines to noncompliant businesses , and are usually plain clothed and covert . Recently , language tensions have risen among locals , and OQLF overzealousness was the main culprit . 2 . There are Catholic churches for sale Given that Quebec 's most popular curse words  "  tabarnak " and "  ostie "  are derived from church terms , it 's not surprising the Catholic church once played a big role here , but today many of the parishes are empty and have fallen into disrepair . Many of the buildings are for sale , and buyers have been difficult to come by . Some are being demolished , while others have been converted for non-religious purposes . Montreal band Arcade Fire recorded their Grammy Award-winning album The Suburbs in a church in rural Farnham , Quebec , but they recently put up their "  Petite église "  little church  for sale , citing a damaged roof . 3 . Quebec has its own national holiday Canada Day is on July 1 , and while Quebecers still get that day off , those celebrations are muted compared to those of St. Jean Baptiste Day -- known as Fête Nationale -- held a week earlier on June 24 . Because it falls right at the start of summer , the festivities are held outdoors . Quebec has a robust francophone music industry , with its own stars , and St. Jean Baptiste Day is the perfect time to check out the folk revival scene live . There 's a strong nationalistic component to the holiday -- especially for the current minority who believe Quebec should be its own country . Just be sure to wear blue and keep all Maple Leaf-related paraphernalia at home . 4 . Quebec loves small town hockey The Montreal Canadiens are the only Quebec-based team in the NHL , but outside of Montreal , the storied Habs are n't unanimously adored . The province has its own junior hockey league for players aged 16-20 , the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League , with teams hailing primarily from smaller towns  including a few outside of Quebec  . It 's the league where NHL Hall of Famers Mario Lemieux and Patrick Roy cut their teeth . There 's also the rock 'em sock 'em minor-pro North American Hockey League , more famous for fights than goals . While Quebecers do n't participate in hockey en masse the way they used to , it 's still the most popular sport there , and in the winter , towns will erect their own free , outdoor rinks . 5 . Many Quebecers speak joual The language of Molière has evolved considerably in the former French colony . Each region has its own linguistic quirks  they 're not all called joual , but the term has become a catch-all  , and visitors from other French speaking places are often taken aback by the unique contractions and "  anglicisms " that have crept into the daily vernacular . The most creative and colorful joual from the Montreal region usually entails combining multiple words into one , lopping off extraneous syllables or casually dropping English terms with French pronunciation . For instance , most people simply say "  weekend " instead of "  fin de semaine . " Sentences often end with "  tsé , " which means "  tu sais , " or "  you know " ? Joual is considered a working-class dialect , so while it 's celebrated for being homegrown , people of a certain stature aspire to speak a more refined French . 6 . Montreal and Quebec City have their own haute cuisine scenes With almost no outside interference , Montreal has forged its own strange culinary identity , bringing formal French education and homegrown ingredients to rich , meat-heavy Quebec staples . Expect a lot of foie gras  duck liver  , Princess scallops , Matane shrimp , organic vegetables , cheese and high-quality pork . For those interested in game , venison and caribou appear on some menus . In Quebec City , where the cooking scene is more youthful , there 's a fierce commitment to using only made-in-Quebec ingredients . Quebec is by far the world 's largest producer of maple syrup , and during the spring thaw in March , sugar shacks  cabanes à sucre  offer the tasty treat , poured over snow or with a full meal of pancakes , beans , pork and more . Because cooking school is subsidized by the provincial government , trained chefs in Quebec tend to come from more diverse backgrounds . 7 . Even the poutine is being reinvented The cat is out of the bag concerning Quebec 's slimiest treat . The famous dish -- consisting of fries , sauce brune  gravy  and cheese curds -- is being copied in the rest of Canada , and has even made its way down to New York . In Montreal specifically , some chefs have expanded upon the traditional poutine by adding fancier toppings like foie gras and duck confit . The greasy spoon  or casse-croûte  favorite is no longer just for famished drunks . A few towns in Quebec claim to have invented poutine , but the loudest and proudest of those is Drummondville , an hour east of Montreal . 8 . Quebec 's biggest party is also when it 's coldest Carnaval du Quebec is held every February in Quebec City , the provincial capital , and the success and sheer size of the event is a testament to Quebecers ' defiance toward the cold . There are myriad outdoor activities to partake in over the two-week-long , tourist-friendly festival , but the biggest draws are the massive , illuminated ice palace and the ice sculpture contest . The ice palace is meant to be the home of Bonhomme , the festival 's smiling mascot . The big guy 's reach extends far beyond Carnaval though : he 's one of Quebec 's most recognizable faces . 9 . Bear the cold : Quebec 's best activities are done outdoors Ice fishing and snowshoeing -- two activities that were long ago done for necessity -- have evolved into beloved pastimes . Wherever there 's a frozen lake in Quebec , expect to see a handful of temporary huts over it . Renting the necessary gear during the season -- which goes from December to February -- is a painless process . Snowshoe technology has modernized dramatically . Snowshoes do n't look like oversized tennis rackets anymore : they 're made with lightweight synthetic materials , and there are different types , depending on whether you 're walking in the deep snow for leisure or sport . In the summer , there 's the Route Verte : a network of bicycle paths that stretches across the province from West to East . 10 . Expo 67 modernized Montreal , and there are still remnants of it Montrealers can be shameless braggarts when it comes to civic pride , and the World 's Fair the city hosted in 1967 , known simply as Expo 67 , is considered by many natives to be a high-water mark for the city . Much of the infrastructure built for the Fair remains . The city 's underground public transportation system , the Metro , opened a year before the Expo , and the dirt that was excavated was used to create the artificial island Île Notre-Dame , which is where the Formula One racetrack and casino  formerly the French Pavilion  are located . There 's also Habitat 67 , a gravity defying housing development originally conceptualized using Lego pieces  and it shows  , and the Biosphere , a geodesic dome that was originally the American Pavilion . Another international Pavilion that survived the test of time ? Jamaica 's -- it 's used for private events now . 11 . The roads are in bad shape Blame the weather , the materials used or government ineptitude , but Quebec roads do n't seem to hold up as well as those of their American or Ontarian neighbors . In addition to mammoth potholes and cracks , road surface markings seem to fade quickly . Road conditions are especially bad during spring , when the snow melts and temperatures rise . And that 's to say nothing of Montreal 's crumbling interchanges and overpasses , which probably look worse than they really are . Be prepared to be redirected a fair bit during the summer , because that 's when most construction work is done .	The "  language police " enforce strict rules aimed at preserving French in Quebec A minority of the population would like to be independent of Canada Chefs bring formal French education to rich , meat-heavy Quebec staples
London  CNN  -- WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange urged the world Saturday to "  stand with " Edward Snowden , the man who admitted leaking top-secret details about U.S. surveillance programs , according to the text of a speech posted on Twitter . As he appealed for a "  brave country " to step forward and offer Snowden asylum , Assange also accused U.S. President Barack Obama of betraying a generation of "  young , technically minded people . " Assange was scheduled to speak from the balcony of the Ecuadorian Embassy in London on Saturday , but the appearance was postponed at short notice "  due to a security situation , " WikiLeaks said on Twitter . Wednesday marked a year since Assange sought refuge in the embassy to avoid extradition to Sweden , where he is wanted for questioning over allegations that he raped one woman and sexually molested another . Assange has repeatedly said the allegations in Sweden are politically motivated and tied to the work of his website . Ecuador 's government granted him asylum in August , but British authorities have said they will arrest him if he leaves the premises . As a result of his decision to seek refuge in the embassy , "  I have been able to work in relative safety from a U.S. espionage investigation , " said Assange , according to the text of the speech . "  But today , Edward Snowden 's ordeal is just beginning . " Assange to Snowden : ` Go to Latin America ' Assange 's words came hours after Snowden was charged by U.S. federal prosecutors with espionage and theft of government property , according to a criminal complaint unsealed in U.S. District Court in Virginia on Friday . Snowden , 30 , has admitted in interviews that he was the source behind the leak of classified documents about the NSA 's surveillance programs . Those leaks were the basis of reports this month in Britain 's Guardian newspaper and The Washington Post . He is believed to be in hiding in Hong Kong . The United States has asked authorities there to detain the former National Security Agency contract analyst on a provisional arrest warrant , The Washington Post reported , citing unnamed U.S. officials . Assange , in his published speech , said the espionage charge had come "  like clockwork , " making Snowden the eighth "  leaker " to be charged with that count by the Obama administration . "  Two dangerous runaway processes have taken root in the last decade , with fatal consequences for democracy , " he said . "  Government secrecy has been expanding on a terrific scale . Simultaneously , human privacy has been secretly eradicated ... The U.S. government is spying on each and every one of us , but it is Edward Snowden who is charged with espionage for tipping us off . " Also among the eight "  leakers " is WikiLeaks source Bradley Manning , Assange said . Manning is being court-martialed on charges he aided U.S. enemies by leaking documents he obtained as an Army intelligence analyst . Prosecutors : Bradley Manning ` craved ' notoriety He named the others as Barrett Brown , Jeremy Hammond , Aaron Swartz , Gottfrid Svartholm and Jacob Appelbaum . Assange suggested Obama was the real "  traitor " for his failure to live up to his promises of hope , change and transparency in government . And he warned that the U.S. government will lose the battle if it tries to take on the tech-savvy people now calling its actions into question . "  Edward Snowden is one of us . Bradley Manning is one of us . They are young , technically minded people from the generation that Barack Obama betrayed . They are the generation that grew up on the Internet , and were shaped by it , " he said . "  The U.S. government is always going to need intelligence analysts and systems administrators , and they are going to have to hire them from this generation and the ones that follow it . "  One day , they will run the CIA and the FBI . This is n't a phenomenon that is going away . " Assange added that charging Snowden "  is intended to intimidate any country that might be considering standing up for his rights " and appealed for efforts to find asylum for him to be intensified . Guardian newspaper : UK security agency has spy program , shares data with NSA CNN 's Susannah Palk contributed to this report .	Assange says President Obama has betrayed a generation , according to the text of a speech "  Edward Snowden 's ordeal is just beginning , " Assange says of the NSA leaker Snowden is charged by federal prosecutors with espionage and theft of government property "  This is n't a phenomenon that is going away , " says Assange of young , tech-savvy leakers
A top official at the Department of Veterans Affairs has resigned amid the growing scandal about wait times and care at veterans ' hospitals , the department 's leader said Friday . News about the resignation of Dr. Robert Petzel , undersecretary for health in the Department of Veterans Affairs , came one day after he spoke at a Senate hearing about the issue alongside Secretary of Veterans Affairs Eric Shinseki . In a short statement , Shinseki announced that he accepted Petzel 's resignation . "  As we know from the veteran community , most veterans are satisfied with the quality of their VA health care , but we must do more to improve timely access to that care , " Shinseki said . "  I am committed to strengthening veterans ' trust and confidence in their VA healthcare system . " Petzel was scheduled to retire sometime this year , the department said in 2013 . The news of the resignation was met with derision by a leading veterans ' rights group , which said Petzel 's resignation does little to address the problem . "  We do n't need the VA to find a scapegoat ; we need an actual plan to restore a culture of accountability throughout the VA , " according to a statement released by the Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America . "  To be clear , Dr. Petzel 's resignation is not the step toward accountability that our members need to see from VA leaders . Anyone who has been following this situation knows that Dr. Petzel had already announced his retirement earlier this year . " The chairman of the House Committee on Veterans ' Affairs , Republican Jeff Miller of Florida , called the resignation as "  the pinnacle of disingenuous doublespeak . " But President Barack Obama supported Shinseki 's decision to accept the resignation , according to a statement released by the White House . "  As the President has said , America has a sacred trust with the men and women who have served our country in uniform and he is committed to doing all we can to ensure our veterans have access to timely , quality health care , " the statement said . The White house reiterated the President 's previous order that Shinseki conduct a review of the Veterans Health Administration 's practices at its facilities . Petzel 's resignation came a day after he testified before the Senate 's Veterans Affairs ' Committee looking into reported delays at numerous VA hospitals and a long list of serious problems and allegations of falsifying wait times , many of which were exposed and reported by CNN . For six months , CNN has been reporting on delays in medical appointments suffered by veterans across the country and veterans who died or were seriously injured while waiting for appointments and care . The VA requires its hospitals to provide care to patients in a timely manner , typically within 14 to 30 days . The most disturbing and striking problems emerged in Arizona last month as inside sources revealed to CNN details of a secret waiting list for veterans at the Phoenix VA. . Charges were leveled that at least 40 American veterans died in Phoenix while waiting for care at the VA there , many of whom were placed on the secret list . But even as the Phoenix VA 's problems have riveted the nation 's attention , numerous whistle-blowers from other VA hospitals across the country have stepped forward . They described similar delays in care for veterans and also varying schemes by officials at those facilities to hide the delays -- in some cases even falsify records or efforts to "  cook the books . " The secret waiting list in Phoenix was part of an elaborate scheme designed by Veterans Affairs managers there who were trying to hide that 1,400 to 1,600 sick veterans were forced to wait months to see a doctor , according to a recently retired top VA doctor and several high-level sources who spoke exclusively to CNN . Phoenix VA officials denied any knowledge of a secret list , and said they never ordered any staff to hide waiting times . They acknowledged some veterans may have died waiting for care there , but they said they did not have knowledge about why those veterans may have died . The director of the Phoenix VA , Sharon Helman , was put on administrative leave by Shinseki two weeks ago , along with two of her top aides . But sources inside the VA in Phoenix tell CNN the wait times and problems are still ongoing there . As a direct result of the allegations at the Phoenix VA , investigators from the VA 's inspector general 's office have gone to Phoenix and have been conducting an investigation there for months .	The President supports Shinseki 's decision to accept the resignation Veterans ' rights group says the resignation is the VA 's way to find a scapegoat Dr. Robert Petzel resigned a day after testifying before a Senate committee Petzel was scehduled to retire sometime this year
CNN  -- For better or worse , Iraq and the United States have been attached at the hip for decades . From the 1991 Gulf War to the 2003 invasion that toppled Saddam Hussein to subsequent years marred by violence and instability , there 's no doubting the deep connection between the two nations . That 's largely thanks to policies crafted out of Washington , be they intended to contain or eliminate Hussein or to stabilize and build up the fragile nation that remained in his wake . So it is no surprise that , with militants overrunning much of Iraq and threatening its capital , people are turning to the United States . What can it do ? What will it do ? Among Obama 's options : Option No. 1 : Send in American troops As of Monday , the Pentagon says it has only about 170 troops in Baghdad and 100 in undisclosed locations around the region . Their job is to protect the U.S. Embassy and other American interests , the Pentagon said . That 's far from the troop levels of past Iraq engagements . U.S. troops did n't stay in Iraq for long after driving Hussein 's military out of Kuwait in 1991 , but they did hunker down 12 years later after toppling the Baathist regime . The responsibility that comes with rebuilding a country from over 6,000 miles away was one factor , but so was the continued violence . American troop levels in Iraq peaked at 166,300 in October 2007 , according to the U.S. Defense Department . Critics derided the withdrawal of U.S. troops by the end of 2011 . Among them was Sen. John McCain , who last week reiterated his disgust at that decision and called for the firing of Obama 's national security team in part over what 's happened in Iraq . "  Could all this have been avoided ? " the Arizona Republican said about the current state of Iraq , though he did n't outright call for fresh military action . "  And the answer is : Absolutely yes . " The biggest , simplest way to make an impact in Iraq : Send American troops back into the country . But it wo n't happen again . Iraqi Foreign Minister Hoshyar Zebari told CNN on Thursday that no one is calling for "  American troops into Iraq . " And of all options now on the table , it 's the only one that the Obama administration has explicitly nixed . "  We are not contemplating ground troops , " White House Press Secretary Jay Carney said last week . "  I want to be clear about that . " Option No. 2 : U.S. airstrikes Still , while the U.S. military might not have a role fighting on the ground in Iraq , it could have a role over it . On Monday , Secretary of State John Kerry acknowledged to Yahoo! News that airstrikes on Iraqi targets are under consideration . The aircraft carrier USS George H.W. Bush and five other warships are now in the Persian Gulf . More than 500 Marines and dozens of helicopters are on standby . In the past , Iraqis have been very public about their desire to limit the involvement of the American military . Yet , a U.S. official said the Iraqi government had indicated a willingness for the U.S. military to conduct airstrikes targeting members of the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria  ISIS  and other militants . American air power has proven effective before in campaigns such as Kosovo or Libya . Yet it 's not foolproof . Last week , Carney deflected a question about whether Obama might consult Congress before sending warplanes into Iraq -- saying it 's too early to give an answer because the President has n't decided the best course of action yet . Attacking sites from the air comes with a host of limitations and challenges -- the risk of U.S. casualties or capture should warplanes be shot down ; the unlikelihood of wiping out an insurgency from above ; the likelihood militants will blend into the civilian population and cause death and injury to the innocent . Option No. 3 : Provide more military aid Unlike the first two options , the U.S. government has already taken this course and has signaled it may do more . A Defense Department official says that about $ 15 billion in equipment , training and other services already have gone to Iraq . Carney reeled off some of the many items that have made their way east of late : millions of rounds of small arms fire , thousands of rounds of tank ammunition , hundreds of Hellfire missiles , grenades , assault rifles , helicopters and much more . And that tally does n't include an additional $ 1 billion in arms -- including up to 200 Humvees -- that are now in a 30-day review period in Congress . But U.S. officials -- calling the current situation "  extremely urgent " -- acknowledge that what 's already in Iraq and what 's coming may not be enough . Chief among those officials is Obama himself , who said last week : "  Iraq is going to need more help from us , and it 's going to need more help from the international community . " At the same time , it 's not like the billions of dollars worth of firepower proved all that effective against ISIS fighters in places like Mosul , Iraq 's second-largest city . Witnesses reported seeing Iraqi security forces drop their weapons , even shed their uniforms , then run to safety . James Jeffrey , U.S. ambassador to Iraq from 2010 to 2012 and now a fellow with the Washington Institute for Near East Policy , characterized Iraq 's military as "  ill-trained , badly led and not particularly competent . " "  They clearly can not fire and maneuver , " said Jeffrey , a U.S. Army veteran . And it 's not just a matter of making sure that whatever resources sent to Iraq are used effectively and not wasted . Already , militants have been able to pick up weaponry , vehicles and other goods on its swift , vast sweep of Iraq -- some of it supplied by the United States . "  We are not surprised , " a defense official told CNN . "  It was a question of when , not if , something like this would happen . " Option No. 4 : Effect change politically in Iraq Beating back ISIS by retaking Mosul and other cities would be a huge victory for Iraq 's government . But it would n't be a complete , conclusive win unless the country can get its house in order . And doing that , according to experts and U.S. officials , requires addressing what CNN 's Nic Robertson has referred to as Iraq 's "  political dysfunction . " One silver lining to the turmoil is Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki 's government seems to be coordinating with the semiautonomous Kurdish government , American officials said . It appears Iraqi forces will team up with Kurdish fighters , known as the Peshmerga , to combat ISIS . Addressing the divisions between Shiites and Sunnis , the two dominant Muslim sects , in Iraq is another matter . Al-Maliki 's government , as well as the military , is dominated by Shiites -- leaving Sunnis not only left out but also bitter , so much so that some of them may not see ISIS as a worse option . "  Over the last several years , we have not seen the kind of trust and cooperation develop between moderate Sunni and Shia leaders inside of Iraq , " Obama said . "  That accounts in part for some of the weakness of the state , and that carries over into the military . " Vice President Joe Biden has been talking regularly with al-Maliki to try to effect political change , including possibly through a new unity government that gives Sunnis a prominent , hands-on role . Still , words -- as opposed to , say , troops on the ground -- are sometimes only so effective . And it 's not like al-Maliki has heeded U.S. officials ' call for sectarian reconciliation and unity in the past . Yet Washington 's misgivings about the Prime Minister do n't change the fact that they support him , generally . The question is still how , exactly , they will support him . "  There 's more that Prime Minister Maliki should have done , could have done , over the course of time , " said State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki . "  That 's a message we 've conveyed publicly and privately to him . "  But the enemy here is  ISIS  . We need to work together and present a united front . " Interactive : Where is Iraq 's oil ? ISIS : The first terror group to build an Islamic state ? The siege of Mosul : What 's happening ? Recording : ISIS promises more fighting in more Iraqi cities CNN 's Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	The U.S. has a long history in Iraq , including the 1991 Gulf War and 2003 invasion As Iraq battles radical Islamist militants , U.S. officials have promised more help Air strikes and additional weaponry and aid are among the options being mulled But ground troops have been ruled out , according to a White House spokesman
CNN  -- It may have been Barack Obama 's most dramatic moment as president so far , and it certainly did n't go unmentioned as he accepted the Democratic nomination for a second term Thursday night . Speaker after speaker reminded the audience in the convention hall and beyond that al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden -- the mastermind of 9/11 , public enemy No. 1 for a decade -- had been gunned down by American commandos in Pakistan 16 months ago . They reminded everyone that it was Obama who had given the order . Some of them also used the opportunity to question whether Obama 's challenger , Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney , would have made the same call . "  After more than 10 years without justice for thousands of Americans murdered on 9/11 -- after Mitt Romney said it would be ` naive ' to go into Pakistan to pursue the terrorists -- it took President Obama , against the advice of many , to give that order to finally rid this earth of Osama bin Laden , " said Sen. John Kerry , D-Massachusetts . "  Ask Osama bin Laden if he is better off now than he was four years ago . " Fact Check : The not-so-empty factory Vice President Joe Biden , meanwhile , recounted the day in the White House when Obama made the decision to launch the raid , "  and justice was done . " "  Folks , Governor Romney did n't see things that way . When he was asked about bin Laden in 2007 , he said , and I quote , ` It 's not worth moving heaven and Earth and spending billions of dollars just to catch one person , ' " Biden said to boos from the audience . The facts : In August 2007 , Obama explicitly warned that if U.S. authorities identify a "  high-value " target like bin Laden in Pakistan , and if Pakistan 's government does n't act , "  we will . " Romney , then mounting his first White House bid , criticized Obama 's speech a few days later . "  I mean , in one week , he went from saying he 's going to sit down , you know , for tea , with our enemies , but then he 's going to bomb our allies , " Romney said during a GOP debate . "  I mean , he 's gone from Jane Fonda to Dr. Strangelove in one week . " He added , "  We do n't say those things . We keep our options quiet . We do not go out and say to a nation which is working with us , where we have collaborated and they are our friend and we 're trying to support Musharraf and strengthen him and his nation , that instead that we intend to go in there and potentially bring out a unilateral attack . " Romney already had been pressed by his Republican rivals to clarify remarks he 'd made about bin Laden that April , when he told The Associated Press that "  It 's not worth moving heaven and Earth and spending billions of dollars just trying to catch one person . " But he also said that he would target the entire al Qaeda terror network , not just its leader . He defended the comments at another GOP presidential debate , saying the movement was "  more than Osama bin Laden . But he is going to pay , and he is going to die . " This May , a year after the raid , Romney complained that the Obama administration was politicizing the raid when it cited those comments . In defending his position again , Romney said it was n't the idea of striking at bin Laden on the territory of an ally that bothered him -- it was that Obama said publicly that he would do so . "  There are many people who believed as I did that it was naive on the part of the president , at the time as a candidate , to say he would go into Pakistan , " Romney said . "  It was a very -- if you will -- a fragile and flammable time in Pakistan , and I thought it was a mistake of him as a candidate for the presidency of the United States to announce that he would go in . " Fact Check : Clinton arithmetic holds up on jobs During the 2008 campaign , Romney was n't the only one critical of Obama , who had been elected to the Senate only four years earlier . Among those who called his position "  naive " were Obama 's eventual GOP opponent , Sen. John McCain ; and Biden , then one of his Democratic rivals . Both used the term "  naive " to describe Obama 's counterterrorism speech . When Obama did order the raid , he did it against the advice of some of his top aides . Then-Defense Secretary Bill Gates has said he wanted to hit the compound where bin Laden was holed up from the air rather than dispatch a U.S. Navy SEAL team , while Biden said in January that he advised Obama that more details needed to be checked before sending in troops . Conclusion : Romney was critical of Obama 's position in the days following the future president 's August 2007 speech . Biden 's speech Thursday night left out some context about Romney 's remarks , and Kerry mischaracterized Romney 's comments -- Romney did n't say attacking targets in Pakistan was naive but talking about it publicly was . Also , Biden himself once characterized Obama 's comments as naive . Fact Check : Would Romney bankrupt Medicare by 2016 ? CNN 's Matt Smith contributed to this report .	The 2011 raid that killed Osama bin Laden came up prominently at the Democratic convention Joe Biden and John Kerry used the raid to criticize Republican challenger Mitt Romney Romney criticized Obama 's 2007 pledge to strike inside Pakistan But Biden and Kerry left some context out of their remarks
CNN  -- In a matter of days , they transformed from caretakers into patients . The two women live thousands of miles apart , but the first known Ebola cases contracted outside Africa during this outbreak have one striking similarity : Both were health care workers , caring for someone infected with the deadly virus . As a nurse in Dallas and a nurse 's assistant in Madrid fight for their lives , a key question looms : Are people who are putting themselves in harm 's way to care for Ebola victims receiving the training and equipment they need ? No , says Zenei Cortez , vice president of National Nurses United . "  It 's really a disaster waiting to happen , " she told CNN 's "  The Lead with Jake Tapper " on Thursday . The union is pushing for more equipment , training and education for nurses , Cortez said . A survey of 1,900 nurses by the union found that 76 % said their hospital had not communicated any policy for the potential admission of patients infected by Ebola . It 's a "  startling statistic , " CNN Chief Medical Correspondent Dr. Sanjay Gupta said , particularly since the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said in May that it was distributing guidelines to hospitals around the country . "  Infectious disease protocols , universal precautions should be the same , really , in hospitals all over the country . They should apply here with regard to Ebola as well , " Gupta said . "  But obviously , that 's not happening . These nurses who are a part of that survey just do n't feel comfortable as things stand now . " CDC chief blames protocol breach The CDC is "  doubling down " on outreach and training to increase awareness of Ebola and make sure U.S. hospitals "  think Ebola , " CDC Director Dr. Tom Frieden said Monday . Hospitals should be skilled at taking travel histories of people who show Ebola symptoms and should isolate those who have been to Liberia , Sierra Leone or Guinea , Frieden said . And the CDC is also planning more hands-on training at hospitals and outreach to health departments . As authorities confirmed that the Dallas nurse had contracted Ebola , Frieden was quick to point to a breach in protocol . Frieden said he was n't pointing fingers , but trying to pinpoint what happened . "  Stopping Ebola is hard , " he said , adding that the CDC will do anything possible to protect health care workers . The nurse , Nina Pham , had cared for Thomas Eric Duncan , who contracted Ebola in Liberia and died of the illness at the hospital . Frieden said he would not be surprised if there were additional cases among those who cared for Duncan , but so far , no one is showing symptoms . On Monday morning , an official with direct knowledge of the Texas nurse 's case told CNN that CDC disease detectives interviewed the nurse several times and thought there were "  inconsistencies " in the type of personal protective gear she wore and with the process used to put the gear on and remove it . Health care workers on the front lines often get sick in the early stages of an outbreak , while dealing with patients who are highly infectious , Gupta said . That 's why there are guidelines for what protective gear they should wear when dealing with Ebola patients . But the Dallas case is concerning , he said . "  The patient was the most infectious , " he said , "  but she should have been protected . " CDC Director Tom Frieden faces rising tide of criticism Husband of infected nurse 's assistant writes scathing letter The nurse 's assistant in Spain with Ebola remains in critical condition and is having trouble breathing , authorities said . The European Centre for Disease Control and Prevention said the hospital where Teresa Romero Ramos is being treated does n't meet all the standards set for centers capable of Ebola care . In a scathing letter , Javier Limon , her husband , said she received only 30 minutes of training in putting on protective gear and called for the resignation of Madrid 's regional health minister over how the case has been handled . "  Please explain to me how one puts on a protective suit , since unfortunately my wife does n't have a master 's degree in that , " Limon wrote in a letter distributed by a family spokeswoman . "  Teresa had 30 minutes or a little more to learn how to do so through a colleague . " He fired back at criticism that the family had gone on vacation . "  No one told us that we could n't do what we did , because the protocol did not tell us that we could not do that , " Limon wrote . "  Now I know that in other countries they quarantine health care workers after treating an Ebola patient . Even though I am only a welder , I understand that if we had done this my wife would possibly not be battling between life and death . " Experts note ways CDC is getting it wrong Are hospitals ready ? President Barack Obama wants federal authorities to immediately take further measures to ensure that health care workers are able to follow protocols for treating Ebola patients . He met with senior administration members at the White House on Monday afternoon for an update on its response to the Dallas case and the broader effort to make sure the country is prepared to handle an outbreak . Of the thousands of hospitals in the United States , only four have been training for years to deal with highly infectious diseases such as Ebola : Emory University Hospital in Atlanta , the Nebraska Medical Center in Omaha , the National Institutes of Health in Maryland and Rocky Mountain Laboratories in Montana . "  They have the management , the processes , the implementation in place that if an Ebola patient comes in , just right away they know what to do , " said Gavin Macgregor-Skinner , who teaches public health preparedness at Penn State University . But if someone with symptoms of Ebola shows up at any other hospital , as Duncan did , the hospital might not be ready . "  It may not be that every single hospital is in fact prepared for this , " said David Sanders , associate professor of biology at Purdue University . "  We may have to think about regional centers that are best prepared to deal with Ebola patients . " At the University of Kansas Medical Center , where a man with possible Ebola symptoms was admitted Monday , Chief Medical Officer Dr. Lee Norman said they were keeping an extra eye on protective equipment after speaking with officials at Emory and in Dallas . While workers are putting on or taking off their gear , someone is watching to make sure they 're doing it correctly , he said . "  We have trained spotters to make sure that everything is put on and taken off in the proper fashion , " he told reporters , "  to keep everybody safe . " CNN 's Ashley Fantz and Elwyn Lopez contributed to this report .	Gupta : It 's a "  startling statistic " that 76 % of nurses surveyed do n't know Ebola policies Nurse 's union leader : "  It 's really a disaster waiting to happen " The CDC says it will increase training and make hospitals "  think Ebola " Husband of Spanish patient says she received little training on protective gear
CNN  -- When John Isner played Nicolas Mahut in 2010 , the American finally staggered off the court victorious -- 11 hours and a staggering 168 games later in the longest match in tennis history . But his 2011 reunion with the Frenchman proved to be a relatively brief encounter , with the world No. 19 registering a routine straight-sets win in a brisk 90 minutes on Monday . The 25-year-old , who edged the June marathon at Wimbledon with a 70-68 win in the final set , was relieved after rattling off a 6-3 7-6  7-5  result at the Hopman Cup mixed teams event in Australia . "  If I 'd lost that second set it might have gone for four hours , " he joked on the tournament 's website . "  So I was lucky to finish it in two . Isner defeats Mahut in Wimbledon epic "  First match of the year , I 'm pretty pleased with how I played . I got on top of him early in the first set and then the second set he picked his game up and I kind of just stayed the course with mine . " Isner 's win gave the U.S. an unassailable 2-0 lead in the Group A tie against France following Bethanie Mattek-Sands ' 3-6 6-3 6-1 victory over 17-year-old Kristina Mladenovic . The Americans , seeking their country 's sixth title in Perth , followed that up by winning the doubles rubber 2-6 6-3 10-8 to clinch a 3-0 victory and take top spot from Italy 's Francesca Schiavone and Potito Starace in the round-robin standings . Earlier in the day , the Italians beat second seeds Britain 2-1 as Schiavone and Starace won the decisive doubles rubber against teenager Laura Robson and Andy Murray 6-7  1-7  7-6  8-6  7-6  7-2  in just over two hours . French Open champion Schiavone battled to a 7-5 6-3 win over 16-year-old Robson in the opening match , then world No. 4 Murray leveled the tie as he beat Starace 7-5 6-1 despite struggling with the high temperatures . What were the top 10 tennis moments of 2010 ? "  I did n't feel very fit today , " he said . "  I was breathing so hard after four or five games , so hopefully that will improve over the next couple of weeks . "  That 's the goal , to try to beat those guys in the big events and try to win my first grand slam . " Tuesday 's action features two Group B ties between Belgium and Kazakhstan , then top seeds Serbia versus Australia . Kazakhstan 's Yaroslava Shvedova has been forced to withdraw from the competition after suffering a knee injury in Sunday 's defeat by Serbia 's Ana Ivanovic . The 23-year-old , who has been replaced by Sesil Karatantcheva , may now miss the Australian Open , which starts on January 17 in Melbourne . Belgium 's Justine Henin and Ruben Bemelmans will seek to build on Saturday 's 2-1 win over Australia . Meanwhile , Russian star Maria Sharapova eased into the second round of the ASB Classic in Auckland , New Zealand with a 6-2 6-3 success against Italian lucky loser Alberta Brianti on Monday . Sharapova was set to face fifth-seeded Spaniard Carla Suarez Navarro in the opening match of the hardcourt tournament , but the draw was rearranged after Latvia 's Anastasija Sevastova withdrew through illness . Another big name to advance at the ASB Tennis Center was top seed Sharapova 's compatriot Svetlana Kuznetsova , who overcame local favorite Sacha Jones with a 6-4 6-2 win . Third seed Kuznetsova , who finished last season outside of the top 10 for the first time in seven years , praised the efforts of her 20-year-old opponent . "  For almost the whole first set I had to watch and adjust to how she was playing , " the 25-year-old told the WTA Tour 's official website . "  She had the home crowd , I had never played her before and had no idea what to expect . In the second set I was able to put more pressure on her . " At the Brisbane International tournament , defending champion Andy Roddick crushed wildcard Marinko Matosevic 6-3 6-2 . The second-seeded American , ranked eighth in the world , sealed his win in just 72 minutes to set up a second-round clash with Ukraine 's Alexandr Dolgopolov . In the women 's draw , Australian top seed Samantha Stosur delighted the home crowd with a 7-6  7-1  6-1 success over Czech Lucie Hradecka . It was a day of contrasting fortunes for Stosur 's main rivals , as Shahar Peer and French fourth seed Marion Bartoli both advanced while No. 3 Nadia Petrova crashed out . Israeli second seed Peer defeated Australia 's Sophie Ferguson 6-4 6-2 and former Wimbledon finalist Bartoli beat American qualifier Vania King 6-1 6-2 , while Russia 's Petrova was beaten 7-6  7-3  6-3 by Petra Kvitova of the Czech Republic .	John Isner beats Nicolas Mahut to help the U.S. to a 3-0 Hopman Cup win over France The match was a repeat of last June 's record-breaking clash between the pair Maria Sharapova is through to the second round of the ASB Classic in Auckland Defending champion Andy Roddick wins his first match at Brisbane International
Scoop up some soil on Mars , heat it up , cool down the steam and ... slurp , slurp ! You 've got water ! Mars might appear dry as a desert , but astronauts may someday be able to tap its soil to quench their thirst . Research recently published suggests that the soil from the Martian surface contains about 2 % water by weight . This is one of several insights emerging from data that the Mars rover Curiosity has been collecting . Five studies in the journal Science were published last week based on data from the rover 's first 100 days on the Red Planet . "  The community was surprised that there was a large amount of water trapped in the ... Martian soil , " said Chris Webster , manager of NASA 's Planetary Sciences Instruments Office . Curiosity , representing a $ 2.5 billion NASA mission , has been on Mars since it made a dramatic landing there August 6 , 2012 . Earthlings celebrated as the two-ton rover arrived , carrying with it the most sophisticated suite of instruments and cameras to explore the surface of another planet . Thanks to Curiosity , scientists now know more than ever about the composition of the Martian soil . "  It 's the first time that the soil has been analyzed at this level of accuracy , " Webster said . Turning on the faucet The rover 's Sample Analysis at Mars  SAM  instrument helped scientists probe the soil by heating a sample up to 835 degrees Celsius . The gases that came off included oxygen and chlorine as well as water vapor . Based on the ratio of isotopes within , scientists believe this water is coming from the recent Martian atmosphere . "  If you take about a cubic foot of dirt with the amount of water that we found and heated it up , you could get a couple of pints of water out of that , " said Laurie Leshin , dean of science at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in New York , who led this study . "  It was kind of exciting to me to see that , wow , it would be a significant amount . " More broadly , the analysis gives us new information about the hydrological cycle on Mars , said John Grotzinger , lead scientist on the Curiosity mission . "  Somehow , there 's a process on Mars where , even though there are just trace quantities of water in Mars 's atmosphere , this noncrystalline material is able to absorb it like a sponge and bind it into its framework , " Grotzinger said . The technical details about how future astronauts would use the soil as a resource for water have n't been worked out , Webster said . A condenser would be required to cool the water steam into a liquid form after heating up the soil . But from what we know so far , he said , it would be drinkable . "  This is a reservoir for water on Mars that we had not really appreciated before , " Grotzinger said . More than 100,000 want to go to Mars and not return Soil types Scientists are also learning about the diversity of the soil on Mars . Pierre-Yves Meslin , a scientist at Universite de Toulouse in Toulouse , France , and colleagues used data from an instrument that fires a laser to analyze the soil and rock on Mars . It 's called the ChemCam Remote Micro-Imager . One main soil type on Mars , they said , is made of fine-grained particles and carries a significant amount of hydrogen . Scientists say this reflects the dust that covers the whole Martian surface . The dust that covers Mars is more akin to a fine sand than the fluffy film on the floors of neglected attics on Earth , Webster said . The other main soil type was coarse and is local to Gale Crater , the area where the rover is exploring . These particles , up to 1 millimeter in size , reflects what rocks in this area are made of . Previous rovers -- Pathfinder , Spirit and Opportunity -- had less sophisticated technology to analyze soil but their insights about the mineral composition of the Martian soil are similar to what Curiosity found , Meslin said . With ChemCam and Curiosity 's other instruments , the latest rover can give scientists a deeper understanding of the composition , as well as how this soil was formed . Complications with organics New scientific insights also present the issue of chemical compounds that may complicate the search for life on Mars . Curiosity is not capable of detecting life directly ; it would n't confirm either modern life or ancient fossil organisms . It can , however , determine if the ancient environment was habitable -- which the rover told us it was -- and look for organic compounds . Finding those compounds would n't prove the existence of life , either , because they can come from other sources . But the appearance of organic molecules would suggest that the environment is good at preserving them . The release of chlorine and oxygen when the rover heated up soil suggests the presence of a chemical called perchlorate , at a 0.5 % level in the soil , Leshin said . This substance can destroy organic carbon in a chemical reaction when the rover heats up soil . And so far , Curiosity has not directly detected organics in the soil . Potentially the rover could avoid this problem using alternative techniques , which would n't heat the soil so much that perchlorates break down . "  Perchlorate is reacting with some organic compound to produce these simple molecules , " Grotzinger said . "  It leaves us asking the question : Is this from Mars , or is it something we brought with us ? And right now we do n't know . " Perchlorate in the planet 's abundant dust could present a toxicity problem to humans on Mars ; on Earth , it 's known to cause thyroid problems , Leshin said . The dust could generally pose a health problem as well -- both physically interfering with respiration and being a chemical hazard . Mars is known to have massive dust storms . "  It 's one of the significant concerns to human exploration , " Webster said . Still no methane Scientists are interested in whether Mars has methane gas , which could be an indicator of the planet 's habitability . About 90 % to 95 % of the methane in Earth 's atmosphere is biologically derived , said Sushil Atreya , a University of Michigan researcher and co-investigator for SAM , said in November 2012 . But the rover still has not detected methane gas , as scientists noted in Science earlier in September . Even if there were methane , nonbiological sources such as volcanic activity can produce it . It 's still possible that methane will turn up in future measurements , however , Webster said . Studies : Martian atmosphere was destroyed long ago Where it 's going now Curiosity is about one-fifth of the way to Mount Sharp , its final destination , where it will climb while testing the peak 's sedimentary layers that have formed over time . Mount Sharp is 3.4 miles high , and its rock layers represent a series of chapters of the planet 's history and the environmental conditions present in various eras . Along the way , the rover stopped at a location called Waypoint 1 , where scientists found a conglomerate rock that would have been found in an ancient stream bed . The rock with the pebbles has strange veins , filled with material that scientists do n't quite understand . "  The implication of that is that again we 're seeing the involvement of water , and it looks like this water was very widespread across the landing area , " Grotzinger said . It appears that the river would have extended from the rover 's landing site all the way to Waypoint 1 . The entire area that Curiosity has been driving across would have been covered by a stream bed , at one point or another , in the ancient history of Mars . Curiosity is n't the only moving human-made object on Mars . The Opportunity rover , which launched in 2004 , is still chugging along . In 2020 , NASA plans to send an even more advanced rover to "  explore and assess Mars as a potential habitat for life , search for signs of past life , collect carefully selected samples for possible future return to Earth , and demonstrate technology for future human exploration of the Red Planet . " NASA recently announced a competition for proposals of what instruments the 2020 rover could carry . It , too , may get humans closer to drinking water , and possibly even showering , on Mars . Follow Elizabeth Landau on Twitter at @lizlandau	Mars rover Curiosity heated up soil to get water vapor Astronauts may some day be able to use this as a water source Scientists have identified two main soil types in Gale Crater
New York  CNN  -- A peacock has flown the coop , stealthily escaping from its home at the Central Park Zoo . The male peacock "  wandered " away from the Manhattan Zoo on Tuesday , said Wildlife Conservation Society spokeswoman Mary Dixon in a statement . The adventurous bird made its way to a Fifth Avenue apartment building near the park and perched on a third-floor window sill . Zoo officials are encouraging onlookers to avoid following or harassing the peacock and say the runaway poses no danger to the public . "  We are hopeful he will either fly back to the zoo or we will retrieve him nearby , " Dixon said in the statement . Zoo officials did not comment on how the bird escaped or what type of enclosure he was in . According to the zoo 's website , peafowl are kept in the Tisch Children 's Zoo , described as a "  walk-through wildlife adventure . " The peacock has drummed up more than 340 followers on its @CentralPeacock Twitter feed . The Central Park escapee comes on the heels of a peahen -- the female counterpart to a peacock -- fleeing the Bronx Zoo in May and an even more infamous cobra , who disappeared from its Bronx Zoo pen for five days in March .	Bird perches on Fifth Avenue windowsill in New York Zoo says peacock wo n't hurt anyone , entreats people not to hurt it Central Park Zoo officials did not comment on how the bird escaped
China and "  probably one or two other " countries have the capacity to shut down the nation 's power grid and other critical infrastructure through a cyber attack , the head of the National Security Agency told a Congressional panel Thursday . Admiral Michael Rogers , who also serves the dual role as head of U.S. Cyber Command , said the United States has detected malware from China and elsewhere on U.S. computers systems that affect the daily lives of every American . "  It enables you to shut down very segmented , very tailored parts of our infrastructure that forestall the ability to provide that service to us as citizens , " Rogers said in testimony before the House Intelligence Committee . Rogers said such attacks are part of the "  coming trends " he sees based on "  reconnaissance " currently taking place that nation-states , or other actors may use to exploit vulnerabilities in U.S. cyber systems . A recent report by Mandiant , a cyber-security firm , found that hackers working on behalf of the Chinese government were able to penetrate American public utility systems that service everything from power generation , to the movement of water and fuel across the country . Related : Mandiant - China is sponsoring cyber espionage "  We see them attempting to steal information on how our systems are configured , the very schematics of most of our control systems , down to engineering level of detail so they can look at where are the vulnerabilities , how are they constructed , how could I get in and defeat them , " Rogers said . "  We 're seeing multiple nation-states invest in those kinds of capabilities . " Admiral Rogers declined to identify who the other countries , beside China , because of the classified nature of their identities . Russia is generally regarded as also having an aggressive cyber program . In addition to nation-state actors , Admiral Rogers noted the increasing presence of "  surrogate " criminal actors in cyberspace that serve to obscure the hidden hand of criminal activity done on behalf of formal nation-states . "  That 's a troubling development for us , " Rogers said . Rep. Mike Rogers , R-Michigan , the retiring chairman of the committee , called the groups "  cyber hit men for hire " for nation-state actors in cyberspace . The testimony also comes in the wake of a report from the Pew Internet and American Life Project that cited a prediction by technology experts that a catastrophic cyber-attack that causes significant losses in life and financial damage would occur by 2025 . Related : Catastrophic cyber attack looms Admiral Rogers told the committee he did not disagree with the assessment . In addition to the threats from specific nation-states , Admiral Rogers said there are already groups within the U.S. cyber architecture who seek to cause major damage to corporate and other critical sectors of the American economy . "  It is only a matter of the when , not the if , that we are going to see something traumatic . " he said .	The head of U.S. Cyber Command said China has the ability to attack the U.S. power grid Adm. Michael Rogers also cited other actors and nation-states that could attack utilities , but he did not name them
Entertainment Weekly  -- Spike Lee 's last film , the gratifyingly tense and tricky "  Inside Man , " was celebrated -- rightly -- for the way that Lee finally jumped , feet first , into the studio-genre-movie game . Director Spike Lee poses for a shot during the filming of "  Miracle at St. Anna " in Rome , Italy . He cooked up a gourmet-popcorn heist thriller and stamped every moment with his personality . Lee , until now , has never made a movie -- good or bad -- that was n't unmistakably his . His latest , "  Miracle at St. Anna , " is the first Hollywood feature to tell the story of the African-American soldiers who fought in the U.S. armed forces during World War II , and as such it 's a movie with a monumental mission . Unfortunately , that 's more or less the only monumental thing about it . "  Miracle " is n't powerful , it 's muddled and diffuse , and the disappointment of the film begins with what a hard time I had finding Spike Lee in it . Based on a 2002 novel by James McBride , who also wrote the screenplay , the movie has a drifting , scattershot structure and no real organizing tone or style  if you wondered what Lee 's frozen-figure-on-receding-background shots might look like in a wartime setting , then keep wondering  . The bizarrely contrived framing device is set in the 1980s , when a postal worker named Hector Negron  Laz Alonso  mutters in anger at an old John Wayne war flick on TV , then shoots and kills a man who shows up to buy stamps .  He surely has his reasons , but does he really get away with stashing a loaded Luger under his post-office window each day ?  Watch Spike Lee talk about the film " After his arrest , Hector wo n't talk , but a reporter finds a clue in the form of a priceless artifact hidden in his apartment : the head of a statue that once adorned a bridge in Florence that was wrecked by bombs during World War II . From this labored and gimmicky setup , the film flashes back to the itch and fear of battle , as Hector , along with other members of the all-black 92nd Infantry Division and its " Buffalo Soldiers , " stalks the Tuscan countryside . It 's September 1944 , and as they try to cross the Serchio River , the men are ambushed . The sequence has thunderous explosions , jittery editing , blown-up bodies -- everything but the virtuosity of staging that might have made the chaos and carnage revelatory instead of just a Saving Private Ryan rehash . Four members of the division end up stranded behind enemy lines , all but abandoned by a racist commander . In addition to Negron , there 's Staff Sgt. Aubrey Stamps  Derek Luke  , a college-educated stoic devoted to his service ; Sgt. Bishop Cummings  Michael Ealy  , furious at the world and a loose cannon , with no loyalty to the country he 's fighting for ; and Pvt. Sam Train  Omar Benson Miller  , a starry-eyed oversize simpleton who rescues , and befriends , an Italian urchin  Matteo Sciabordi  . The dramatic focal point , if you can call it that , is the war of wills between Stamps and Cummings . These two play out a version of the assimilate-versus-agitate debate that has echoed through many decades of African - American life , though this one would be more convincing if Ealy , a dynamic actor , had been asked to project his anger more in period , with a little less proto-gangsta recklessness . The men arrive at a picturesque village , where they mingle with the locals and Stamps and Cummings stoke their rivalry over Renata  Valentina Cervi  , a married woman who is lovely in a saintly way . The film then veers into an endless , murky subplot about the Italian resistance from which it never recovers . "  Miracle at St. Anna " wants to do too many things at once to do any of them with much verve . It aspires to be a war epic , but it 's dominated less by combat than by flat , meandering talk . It wants to salute the flesh-and-blood valor of the Buffalo Soldiers , but these unsung heroes are treated as such impersonally symbolic and stiff-jointed types that their heroism shines only faintly . The movie tries to be raw and real , yet it is n't above trotting out a tyke who might have stepped out of Cinema Paradiso II to tag along with the soldiers as a mascot of sentiment . There are vile Nazis on hand -- and also a nice Nazi who does a really good deed . "  Miracle at St. Anna " winds up as a pastiche of racial-historical correction , showboat atrocity , murder mystery , love story , and windy meditation . Is it any wonder that it 's less than the sum of its ambitious parts ? As odd as it may sound to say about a war film , though , the real trouble with "  Miracle " is that Lee 's filmmaking is joyless . EW Grade : C - CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly Copyright 2009 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Spike Lee 's film tells story of African-American soldiers during World War II "  Miracle " is n't powerful but muddled and diffuse , reviewer writes Movie based on a 2002 novel by James McBride who also wrote screenplay Reviewer : "  Real trouble with ` Miracle ' is that Lee 's filmmaking is joyless "
CNN  -- Ferrari have admitted their approach to the 2011 Formula One season has been too conservative , after the Italian team failed to register a podium finish in the first three races of the year . Fernando Alonso and Felipe Massa , are fifth and sixth respectively in the drivers ' standings , with the former trailing current leader and reigning world champion Sebastian Vettel by 42 points . The legendary marque 's team principal Stefano Domenicali said the problems stem back to the design of the Italia 150 car . "  Our approach was not aggressive enough at the design stage , " the 45-year-old told Ferrari 's official web site . "  There was a problem with the correlation between data gathered from the wind tunnel and what we saw on track so this did the damage in these first few months . " Domenicali , who has been with Ferrari since 1991 , said the team 's form must improve ahead of three races in four weeks , starting with the Turkish Grand Prix on Sunday . "  If there is one thing you do n't want to do , it 's panic as it definitely does not help you do better . "  Now we are about to tackle three races in four weeks : it will be important to show that we are back on form and to make it to the podium , something that has escaped us in all of the first three races of the season . " Ferrari 's chief designer Nikolas Tombazis has called for a more aggressive approach in order to move Ferrari up the grid , and he claimed the current car can not challenge Red Bull and McLaren 's dominance . "  We have tried to see if our approach was too conservative and we realized that , for various reasons , we were neither reactive nor aggressive enough in the development stages , " Tombazis told the sport 's official web site . "  At the moment , we do n't have a winning car and , on those of our competitors we can see innovative solutions introduced in a more aggressive fashion than we have done . "  Maybe we were a bit too passive in our approach . We did not push hard enough in some areas of development and unfortunately , the results can be seen on track . " Ferrari have won the constructors ' championship on 16 occasions and provided 15 drivers ' champions since making their debut in the sport in 1950 .	Stefano Domenicali has said Ferrari have not been aggressive enough The Italian team are yet to register a podium finish in the 2011 season Fernando Alonso and Felipe Massa are fifth and sixth respectively in drivers ' standings
WIRED  -- Google is making plans to turn its +1 button into a crowdsourcing tool that helps it re-order search results and fight web spam . While not surprising , the move would bring Google 's search engine into the social networking era , while simultaneously creating a new avenue for blackhats to manipulate search results and potentially incurring the wrath of trust-busting authorities . Google confirmed its plans in an e-mail to Wired.com . "  Google will study the clicks on +1 buttons as a signal that influences the ranking and appearance of websites in search results , " a spokesman wrote . "  The purpose of any ranking signal is to improve overall search quality . For +1 's and other social ranking signals , as with any new ranking signal , we 'll be starting carefully and learning how those signals are related to quality . " But these plans are a touchy subject for the search giant , especially given the scrutiny that Google is under from regulators in Washington and Europe over complaints that the company 's results favor its own products over those of other companies . As if to underscore that point , Google prefaced its admission of the +1 search integration project to Wired.com with a statement downplaying its potential significance : "  There are more than 200 signals that we use to determine the rank of a website , and last year we made more than 500 improvements to the algorithm . " Introduced in March , the +1 sharing button debuted with little incentive for web surfers to click on it . If you +1 - ed a story on a website that embedded the button , your profile picture would display next to the URL when a friend of yours ran a search with results that included that URL . WIRED : Google + button lets you share , finally But last week , the button entered adolescence , and can now be used to post stories to friends and followers on Google + , much as the Like button functions for Facebook . So the next step of using what people are liking , sharing and buzzing about online to rearrange search results is obvious enough . Google dipped its toe into these waters with Twitter by licensing its stream of Tweets , but that agreement ended before Google got so far as to figure out how to do more with the fire hose of real-time information than just decorate pre-computed search results with Tweeters ' profile pictures . And as for Facebook ? Google would love to get at its data -- the way that Bing is already -- but the two companies go together like toothpaste and orange juice . Facebook will likely never let Google anywhere near its data stream , which meant that Google had to build in its own social network . But therein lies the rub . If Google 's search results become heavily dependent on social signals from Google + , then there 's going to be heavy pressure on the net 's websites to embed the Google + button . And depending on where you work -- say , Facebook or the Justice Department -- that could look like Google is unfairly using its search engine might to boost its Facebook alternative . That might explain why Forbes killed a story by Kashmir Hill entitled "  Stick Google Plus Buttons On Your Pages , Or Your Search Traffic Suffers " which was seemingly based on information from a meeting with Google ad representatives . On August 18 , Hill wrote , "  the message in this meeting was clear : "  Put a Plus One button on your pages or your search traffic will suffer . " Hill followed up with Google 's press team . which gave Hill the same carefully couched answer it gave Wired . But the story quickly disappeared from Forbes ' website and from the Google cache , though it was noticed and saved by the Raven Tools SEO blog . One guesses the tone of the post -- and its headline -- rankled someone somewhere . Forbes , Hill and Google all declined to talk on the record about the post that disappeared into the memory hole . WIRED : How Facebook could beat Google and win the net That silence says as much as you need to know about the touchiness involved in integrating a Google +1 button with Google 's search box . But Google 's biggest weakness is the possibility that someone will figure out how to build a better search engine -- and there 's many who bet the way to do that is to make search involve more of a human touch and less of a machine 's . indeed , Google 's interest in incorporating +1 s into its search ranking algorithm might also explain Google 's hard line position in the so-called Nym wars . Google is being adamant that users of its new social networking tool use their real names . In its zeal to root out fakers and people using pseudonyms , Google has deleted legitimate profiles and raised the ire of those who defend the need for pseudonyms on the internet 's identity platforms . But if Google 's going to start using those +1 votes , the company is virtually inviting the world 's spammers and blackhat SEO magicians to flood its social networking system with fake profiles and fake votes -- potentially ruining it and possibly making the problem of search spam even worse . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Move would bring Google 's search engine into the social networking era Spokesman says company will be starting carefully and learning how signals are related to quality Google under scrutiny from regulators over complaints that search results favor its own products
Sykesville , Maryland  CNN  -- It 's the dirty little secret of the racing industry . Thoroughbreds who do n't make the winner 's circle , are injured or simply too old to race are discarded by their owners , auctioned off -- sometimes to the slaughterhouse . Now these horses are getting new lives . The twist ? Prison inmates looking for their own second chances are helping save them . In the rolling hills of Carroll County , Maryland , is Second Chance Farm . Alonzo Pickett leads a horse to the pasture to graze . "  Greek is a beautiful horse . I love him , " says Pickett . "  I think he 's a gentle giant . " The 7-year-old gelding came to the farm after a leg injury ended his racing career . Each year thousands of racehorses in the United States like Greek are sent to slaughterhouses and their meat sold overseas , according to the nonprofit Thoroughbred Retirement Foundation . That 's why the foundation funds programs in eight prisons across the United States to rescue these abandoned horses and train prisoners to "  gentle " them so they can be adopted . The inmates also have duties beyond grooming the horses . They maintain the farm buildings and the grounds . Pickett , 44 , figures he has spent at least 14 years of his life behind bars . It is his third prison sentence , this time for drug possession . "  It could have been a lot worse , " he confides . "  A lot of guys that I grew up with ... are deceased . " But Pickett maintains this will be his last time in prison and he thinks working with Greek as part of this program is what has changed him . "  It gave me a chance to really evaluate who I am , " he says . "  Everybody thinks it 's about the horses , " says Gary Maynard , Secretary of Public Safety for Maryland prisons . Maynard saw the benefits of the program in other prison systems where he worked and brought it here . "  It 's really about the men that work with the horses and what changes they go through as they learn to care for an animal , as they learn mutual trust and self-respect . " The bond between Pickett and Greek is evident as the inmate gently prods the animal for grooming and softly speaks to him . Pickett calls the bond they share a mutual support system . "  I have a chance to face my obstacles head on and to overcome -LSB- them -RSB- , " he says , and " -LSB- Greek -RSB- knows we are here for him ... -LSB- that -RSB- we love him . " Conni Swenson worked with racehorses many years ago before coming to work for the Maryland Department of Corrections . She is the program coordinator for Second Chance Farm and says she daily observes the unconditional acceptance the horses have for the inmates as each come to trust the other . "  They learn compassion . They learn patience , " says Swenson . "  If you have a 150-pound gentleman and you have a 1,200-pound horse and you need the horse to do something , you 're not going to teach that horse to do it through brute force . " There is a striking difference between the farm and the prison , where the inmates return each night . There are guards at the farm but no bars , no razor wire . Pickett notes the atmosphere of serenity at the farm , far from what he calls "  negative conversations " at the prison . "  You look at these grounds , the meadows , the horses grazing in the field , " says Felicia Hinton , assistant commissioner , Maryland Department of Corrections . "  It can only put gentleness inside of you , " she says , smiling . It 's her responsibility to make sure each inmate is ready to begin life outside the prison walls . "  It gives them a sense of humanity , " she says . Hinton calls the program an opportunity to change a life . Pickett agrees . He will be released from prison in just a few months . He plans to move to his grandfather 's farm to care for his aging father . "  If I could come out here and take care of Greek every day , " he says , "  then I can go home and take care of my father . " Hinton considers that a measure of the success of the program . "  Our responsibility is to send a man or woman out of prison a better person . " As Pickett cleans and scrapes Greek 's hooves , he speaks with pride about his time at Second Chance Farm . "  I love the work and I love to know that I have a responsibility and they can depend on me for that responsibility being met . " Swenson says she believes in each of the inmates who has gone through the program . She likes to quote visitors her favorite Winston Churchill passage , "  There is something about the outside of a horse that is good for the inside of a man . " "  That is absolutely true here , " she says . "  I see it every day . "	Inmates care for horses as part of a pre-release plan in Maryland The horses come to the Second Chance Farm after race career ends Inmate says prisoners and rejected horses share a common bond
Iranian cooking can be seen as a metaphor for the country itself : It 's tart , sweet , fragrant and vastly complex . It 's one of the world 's oldest , yet largely obscure , culinary landscapes , with roots dating back to the Persian Empire . In homes in Tehran , pots bubble for hours to braise tough cuts of meat in khoreshes , or stews , with all manner of local fruits like pomegranates and dried apricots and nuts like pistachios and walnuts . In the bazaars , there 's hot and fresh sangak , a staple oblong flatbread , and trays of sweet pastries perfumed with rose and orange blossom water . Any visitor would be remiss to not try the chelo  chelow  kabab , as it 's king here ; juicy skewers of meat and minced meat are served on heaping plates of rice steamed with saffron , the most expensive spice in the world , and grilled tomatoes . Here 's a recipe to get started with even if Iran is n't on your travel itinerary . Skewered Ground Lamb Kabab  Kabab-e kubideh Serves 6 Reprinted with permission by Mage Publishers from "  Food of Life : Ancient Persian and Modern Iranian Cooking and Ceremonies " by Najmieh Batmanglij . For the kabab : 2 pounds twice-ground lamb shoulder or beef  85 % 2 teaspoons sea salt 2 teaspoons fresh ground black pepper 1/4 teaspoon ground saffron dissolved in 1 tablespoon rose water , or 1/4 teaspoon turmeric 2 tablespoons sumac powder 1/2 teaspoon baking soda 2 medium yellow onions , finely grated 2 cloves garlic , peeled and grated Zest of 1 lime For basting : 1/2 cup salted butter or olive oil 1 teaspoon fresh lime juice For cooking and garnish : 14 flat 3/4-inch skewers 1 package  12 ounces  lavash bread 1/2 cup sumac powder 2 limes , cut in half , and Persian basil 1 . To make the meat paste , in a warm , wide skillet , combine all the kabab ingredients . Knead with your hands for about 5 minutes . Cover the paste and let stand for at least 30 minutes and up to 24 hours in the refrigerator . 2 . Start charcoal at least 30 minutes before you want to cook , and let it burn until the coals are glowing evenly . For this kabab , you want the coals to be as high as possible , close to the meat and at their hottest . Do not spread the charcoal thin . If you are using an indoor grill , make sure it is preheated and very hot . 3 . Using damp hands  keep a bowl of water next to you  , divide the meat paste into equal lumps about the size of small oranges . Shape each into a 5-inch-long sausage and mold it firmly around a flat , sword-like skewer . Pinch the two ends to firmly attach meat to skewer . Arrange on a baking sheet , separated from each other . Cover and keep in a cool place . 4 . For the baste , melt the butter in a small saucepan and add the lime juice . Keep warm . Spread lavash bread on a serving platter . 5 . Arrange the skewers on the fire 3 inches above the coals  bricks on either side make good platforms ; keep in mind that the ground meat should not touch the grill  . After a few seconds , turn the meat gently to help it attach to the skewers and to prevent it from falling off  these first few seconds are important for cooking skewered ground kabab  . 6 . Grill the meat for 3 to 5 minutes , turning frequently . Baste just before removing from the fire . Avoid overcooking . The meat should be seared on the outside , juicy and tender on the inside . 7 . Place all the kabab skewers on the lavash bread platter . Keep on skewers until ready to serve and cover with lavash bread to keep warm . Loosen the meat from each skewer and slide the meat off using a piece of bread . Sprinkle with sumac and lime juice to taste . Serve with fresh basil and yogurt and cucumber dip . Nush-e Jan ! For a ground chicken variation : In a food processor , place 2 pounds chicken thighs , 1 small onion  peeled and chopped  , 3 cloves garlic  peeled  , zest of 2 limes , 2 teaspoons fine-grind sea salt , 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper , 1/4 teaspoon ground saffron dissolved in 1 tablespoon rose water , and 1 tablespoon olive oil . Pulse for a few minutes until you have a thick paste . Do not over mix . Transfer to a glass container . Cover and allow to rest in the refrigerator for 30 minutes . Continue with step 2 .	Chelo kabab is considered the national dish of Iran Saffron , the world 's most expensive spice , is prevalent in Iranian cooking The culinary traditions of Iran date back centuries to the Persian empire
CNN  -- As Western leaders gather in Newport , Wales , for this week 's NATO summit , the Ukrainian army is taking a pounding from Russia-supported rebel fighters in the country 's east and south . The central question now confronting President Barack Obama and colleagues is whether to supply Kiev with heavy arms . So far , Obama and German Chancellor Angela Merkel , the two key decision makers , have been reluctant . But with Ukrainian forces reeling before what many are calling an overt Russian invasion , pressure is growing on them to reconsider . Already NATO has announced plans to strengthen the defense of its frontline members in the Baltics and Eastern Europe . The alliance is planning to create a rapid reaction force , made up of 4,000 troops , to respond within hours to any future Russian incursion . Whether that will be enough to deter President Vladimir Putin , it will not help Ukraine , which is not a NATO member . Under fierce attack from the rebels , supported now by up to 2,000 Russian troops , the Ukrainian army has been reduced in recent days from seeking victory to merely trying to avoid defeat . To fight back , it needs anti-tank and anti-aircraft weapons , drones , spare parts , fuel -- and , most of all , intelligence and strategic advice from Western military planners . Should NATO -- or just the U.S. -- oblige ? There are powerful arguments on both sides . Equipping Kiev with greater firepower might well provoke an escalation from Russia , whose forces grossly outnumber those of Ukraine . To send more arms into a war zone is cynical if it will merely increase the scale of killing without any realistic prospect of ending the conflict . Both Obama and Merkel believe their current strategy of graduated economic sanctions will bear fruit in the longer run . Unwilling to contemplate direct military involvement , they worry about getting dragged in inadvertently . Yet to refuse the kind of military support that might enable Kiev to reclaim its eastern territories would allow Putin 's violation of the principle of state sovereignty to stand , at least for now . The international order depends upon respect for borders and a rejection of territorial conquest . The world is watching . China is surely monitoring events in Ukraine closely as it sizes up the South China Sea . Iran may take comfort from the West 's divisions as it negotiates over its nuclear program . North Korea may be tempted to disregard U.S. warnings . And if Putin perceives his Ukrainian gambit to have worked , this may embolden him to push further . The other day , he appeared to boast to European officials that he "  could take Kiev in two weeks . " Four times in a row , Putin has upped the ante in the face of Western rhetorical and economic pressure . He sent special forces into Crimea , then annexed the region to Russia , then engineered the rebellion in the east , then , more recently , dramatically increased military support . In between -- and especially whenever the West looked ready to act -- he floated "  peace proposals " and "  ceasefires " that have always come to nothing . A new "  Seven Point Plan " revealed on Wednesday may or may not turn out to be something more serious . With more than 750,000 active-duty forces , Moscow 's military superiority over Kiev is obvious . But would Putin choose to escalate if the rebels faced a better-armed adversary ? Of course , a complete defeat of Moscow 's proxies would be embarrassing . But more direct Russian involvement would also carry domestic costs . At present , Putin 's ratings at home are off the charts -- 84 % approved of his actions in the latest independent , Moscow-based Levada Center poll . Yet , at the same time , the surveys show the post-Crimea euphoria to be fading and doubts about military engagement growing . Since March , the percentage of Russians who say they would "  support the Russian leadership in the situation of an open military conflict between Russia and Ukraine " has fallen from 74 % to 41 % . That 's less than the 43 % who now say they would not support this . The share favoring the incorporation of eastern Ukraine into Russia has fallen from 35 % in April to 21 % in mid-August . Russians remain delighted by the annexation of Crimea . But the proportion that say they are ready to bear at least some of the economic cost associated with the territory 's incorporation has fallen from 59 % in March to 50 % today . Fighting a disorganized and poorly equipped adversary , Putin can have it both ways . He can keep support to the separatist rebels relatively limited and covert , while denying to the public back home that Russia is involved at all . All this is not to say that Putin would stand by if the West sent arms to Kiev . He may feel strong enough to disregard the hints of growing public anxiety . Nor is it clear that additional weapons would turn the tide . To win the war , Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko needs to build a more effective state , introduce economic reforms and offer potentially loyal citizens of Eastern Ukraine a comprehensive deal that recognizes their minority rights and -- while excluding the thugs and Russian agents that have streamed across the border -- gives local Ukrainians some real autonomy . For the leaders in Newport , this will remain a tough call . But the argument for arming Kiev is stronger than it has ever been . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Daniel Treisman .	Daniel Treisman : Ukraine is much weaker than Russia , needs aid to hold its own He says there are powerful arguments on both sides about whether to send military aid Aid could lead to Russian escalation but doing nothing would condone Putin 's actions , he says Treisman : Argument for arming Kiev is stronger than it has ever been
CNN  -- Excitement is building for what are expected to be jubilant festivities to mark Queen Elizabeth II 's 60th year on the throne . The flags are already out across the United Kingdom and CNN will be at the heart of action as the country gears up for a long weekend of revelry from June 2-5 . CNN International will be covering all the key events online and on air , but if you 're planning to join in the fun , here is a guide to what 's happening . And if you are out and about celebrating , send us your photos and videos . Infographic : The queen in numbers June 5 2012 : 0630  ET  , 1030  CET  Service of Thanksgiving and Carriage Procession The final day of this spectacular royal weekend commences with a National Service of Thanksgiving in St Paul 's Cathedral . A prayer has been written specially for the event , which will be attended by the queen , the Duke of Edinburgh and other members of the royal family . Later , the Prince of Wales and Duchess of Cornwall , The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and Prince Harry will join the queen and Prince Philip for a Diamond Jubilee lunch provided at Westminster Hall . Following their meal , a carriage procession  from 1020 -LSB- ET -RSB- , 1420 -LSB- CET -RSB-  will convey the royal party to Buckingham palace . Their route will take them from Whitehall , past Trafalgar Square , through Admiralty Arch and straight on to the official London residence of the British sovereign iReport : Have you met a royal ? Share your images with CNN Following their meal , a carriage procession will convey the royal party to Buckingham palace . Their route will take them from Whitehall past Trafalgar Square , through Admiralty Arch and straight on to the official London residence of the British sovereign . Upon return to the palace , there will be a 60-gun salute from the King 's Troop followed by the Royal Family 's appearance on the balcony at approximately 1125  ET  / 1525  CET  where they will watch a feu de Joie  a rifle salute by The Queen 's Guard  and a Royal Air Force flypast . Read more : The young queen who grew into a modern monarch Key players This year we have already seen the Archbishop of Canterbury Dr. Rowan Williams deliver the "  Motion for an Humble Address on the occasion of Her Majesty The Queen 's Diamond Jubilee " in the House of Lords . During the central Diamond Jubilee weekend itself we will see most of the royal family in attendance as well as political heads like British Prime Minister David Cameron and Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg . It is also likely we will see familiar faces such as former Prime Minister Tony Blair . Interactive : The Windsor family tree Getting around the city Travel around London is expected to be difficult and use of public transport is advised as many roads and bridges will be closed due to ongoing special events . Transport for London  TFL  has suggested avoiding travel through the city center if you are not attending an event , particularly on June 3 . They also advise buying travel tickets in advance to avoid long waits in lines . For more information on traveling to specific events , check the TFL website . What 's next During the Diamond Jubilee year , the queen has embarked on a tour of the United Kingdom traveling as widely as possible . With the help of other members of the royal family including Prince Philip , Duke of Edinburgh , Duchess of Cambridge , Kate and Princess Beatrice . After the celebrations of in June , the queen will continue on her tour visiting a variety of stops in Britain and Scotland . The queen has also asked her family to represent her on trips abroad . We 've already seen Prince Harry journey to The Bahamas , Belize and Jamaica where he "  beat " the world 's fastest man Usain Bolt . Additionally , the Princess Royal recently returned from South Africa and Mozambique . Other members of the royal family to undertake trips to Commonwealth countries , Crown Dependencies and British Overseas Territories will include Prince Charles and his wife , the Duchess of Cornwall ; Prince William and his wife Catherine , the Duchess of Cambridge ; Prince Andrew , the Duke of York ; The Earl and Countess of Wessex ; the Duke of Gloucester and the Duke of Kent .	All you need to know about the celebrations of the Queen 's 60-year reign Need-to-know guide : Find out where to go , what you can do and when it 's going to happen Key players -- Who 's going and to what event ? We 've got the details
TAIPEI , Taiwan  CNN  -- More than 90 percent of eligible Taiwan residents took up the government 's offer of 3600 New Taiwan Dollars  USD $ 108  to go shopping , government officials said Monday . People line up to receive $ 108 U.S. dollars worth of shopping vouchers in Taipei , Taiwan , on Sunday . Any of the island 's 23 million men , women or children qualify for the money , a combination of a lunar New Year gift and economic stimulus package designed to pump about 86 billion  $ 2.6 billion U.S.  into the economy . By Sunday night , 91.3 percent of eligible citizens had picked up their vouchers , and malls were flooded with shoppers , Interior Minister Liao Liou-yi said . The vouchers are good through September . But one major retailer , the Carrefour chain , said its Sunday receipts were up about 30 percent from normal -- and with Chinese New Year just around the corner , many appeared ready to use the money for holiday groceries . Even President Ma Ying-jeou picked up vouchers for all four members of his family , encouraging people to spread the use of the vouchers over days , Taiwan 's Central News Agency reported . Journalist Jonathan Lai contributed to this report .	Malls flooded with shoppers President Ma Ying-jeou picks up vouchers for all four members of his family Voucher a combination of lunar New Year 's gift and economic stimulus package
CNN  -- One of the heaviest babies ever born in Germany was born last week at the University Hospital Leipzig . The baby girl , Jasleen , weighed a whopping 13.47 pounds and measured nearly 23 inches long . She was born vaginally , not via a C-section , according to a hospital statement . "  We anticipated that the child would be big , " said Holger Stepan , chief of obstetrics . "  We prepared in advance by assembling a special team  of doctors and midwives  to be ready for any possible complications . " He said he 'd never before helped in the birth of such a heavy baby . The girl 's mother suffered from gestational diabetes , which , when untreated or uncontrolled , can cause babies to be born larger than normal . Her condition was not discovered until the mother checked herself into the hospital while in labor . She had not previously been a patient there . The hospital said both mother and child are well . According to the website for Guinness World Records , the heaviest baby -- weighing in at more than 23 pounds -- was born in Seville , Ohio , on January 19 , 1879 . He died 11 hours later . CNN 's Stefan Simons contributed to this report .	The baby , Jasleen , was born last week at the University Hospital Leipzig She weighed a whopping 13.47 pounds , and was nearly 23 inches long The baby was born vaginally , not via a C-section , according to the hospital
CNN  -- Wristbands are the latest craze in high-tech fitness hardware . Nike + and Fitbit might ring a bell . But could headbands be the next big thing ? The Canadian company InteraXon is going there with the introduction of Muse , a headband that links with your mobile device to read your mind . Sure , brain stuff can be scary . But do n't worry . This one 's here for your own good . Check out the video to see how it works .	Company introduces headband that reads your brain waves and links to your phone InteraXon was formed in 2007 in Toronto Technology was initially developed by renowned cyberneticist Dr. Steve Mann
CNN  -- The ability to live completely off the grid is now a reality courtesy of solar homes , known as Earthships . The U-shaped buildings utilize local resources such as the sun and are made entirely of natural and recycled materials . The future of city living may be to not need the city at all . "  An Earthship is the name we have given a building or vessel that we use to live on this planet that is absolutely independent of all public and municipal utilities , " explains Michael Reynolds , founder of Earthship Biotecture , who developed the concept . In the mountains of New Mexico , USA , Reynolds has built 15 cliff-top homes which , as well as providing a view , were designed to prove that the Earthships could be built anywhere . At their core are walls made from old tires , bottles , and tin cans mixed with concrete , so your home leftovers are creating new homes . Even sewage is n't spared and is used in indoor and outdoor treatment cells for food production and landscaping . Leftover ` gray ' water is also used to flush toilets . "  We were accused of running sewage through the living room , " says Reynolds . "  That was scary to people but when you see the pictures of what it looks like , it 's no longer scary if you understand it . " Most modern amenities such as plumbing , heating , power and even internet are provided in a self-sufficient way to change the face of remote living . The use of a design known as the ` stack effect ' in their construction uses natural ventilation to regulate internal temperatures for comfort . "  A lot of people think off-the-grid living is like living in some kind of teepee or something , " says Reynolds . "  This is a pretty damn nice house . " The Earthships range in price from $ 250,000 to $ 1.5 million . But remote deserts are not the only modus operandi , as Reynolds ' company has also built 75 homes across the city of Taos , New Mexico and his designs have gone global . Earthships have been built across the USA , entered Europe , and relief projects are being developed in Malawi , Guatemala , Haiti , India , Jamaica , Philippines , and New Zealand . Fundraising is taking place for a self-sustaining music school on Easter Island , one of the most remote locations in the world . But the spread of these ships has not been plain sailing , as their radical design breaks most architectural rules . Reynolds has battled with local governments about the Earthships meeting structural codes . However , his fights are being won as hundreds of people now live , or use , these uniquely designed buildings around the world . The company 's next goal is to expand from remote living to more self-sufficient cities which would be more affordable and sustainable to build -- an Earthship city . "  If some government or corporation was getting ready to do a city for ten thousand people , they 'd spend ten years putting in infrastructure to support that city 's power and sewage , " concludes Reynolds . "  We do n't need that : if I had a thousand acres somewhere , and funding , I could start building a city tomorrow . "	Earthships are self-sustainable buildings independent of all utilities The first Earthships were designed in New Mexico , in and near the city of Taos Walls are made from recycled tires , tin cans and bottles The price of each one ranges from $ 250,000 to $ 1.5 million
CNN  There was a larger message in the article about a purported gang rape that Rolling Stone retracted on Sunday night -- a part of the story that was never disputed : The University of Virginia is under continuing investigation over how it handles sexual assault on campus . The school has never expelled a single student for sexual assault -- even when the student admitted to it . The Virginia attorney general asked the law firm of O'Melveny & Myers to take a look at how the university historically handled allegations of sexual assault by its students . That includes how UVA officials handled the allegations in the discredited Rolling Stone article by a student the magazine called "  Jackie , " especially since the school knew about the allegations for more than a year before the article came out . The alleged gang rape at a fraternity house was in 2012 , and Jackie told the university about it the next spring . She started telling her story very publicly , including at a "  take back the night " rally . But Charlottesville police did n't hear about it until after a separate incident in the spring of 2014 , in which Jackie claimed someone threw a bottle that hit her in the face . When a university dean arranged for her to talk to police about that alleged assault , she also told the story of the alleged 2012 incident . In both cases , police said Jackie refused to cooperate and so they could not pursue the case . But more women came forward to talk about their experiences -- women whose stories were not as dramatic or horrific as Jackie 's . Rolling Stone 's story opened up a conversation about the topic , and then women began coming forward to talk about a culture on campus that was not sensitive to victims . Many women told CNN about a euphemism for the word rape used by other students on campus . They 'd call it a "  bad experience . " Others told CNN that there were fraternities with reputations for being "  rapey " and for using date-rape drugs . That some judged who could come in based on the sluttiness of a woman 's outfit . And if a woman did report her rape , some women complained that the internal process did n't seem worth it if their abuser would n't be kicked out of school . Rolling Stone had a line in its original story : "  UVA 's emphasis on honor is so pronounced that since 1998 , 183 people have been expelled for honor-code violations such as cheating on exams . And yet paradoxically , not a single student at UVA has ever been expelled for sexual assault . " After the article published , UVA admitted this and instituted a zero-tolerance policy on sexual assault going forward -- although that policy was never defined , so it 's unclear what it means . When the story was deleted from Rolling Stone 's website , that was lost . "  You lose a lot of other people 's voices who were in that article , " said Sarah Roderick , a survivor and UVA student , "  and a lot of good things that could have come about . Fixing problems with administration here and on our campus " -- and , she added , across the nationo . Along with the O'Melveny & Myers investigation , there 's also an open Title IX investigation into UVA by the U.S. Department of Education as a result of a civil suit . The attorney who filed the suit , James Marsh , told CNN that UVA medical staff lost or destroyed evidence from the alleged sexual assault victim he 's representing , making it impossible for her to move forward and get justice . When the Columbia Journalism School 's 12,000-plus-word critique is summed up , it really boils down to this : The mistake could have been avoided if the writer , Sabrina Rubin Erdely , had picked up the phone and made just a few more phone calls to the friends of Jackie who she claimed were with her that night . They 'd later tell other media outlets , including CNN , that they remembered a very different story . Rolling Stone says their account would have been a red flag . And all three say they would have talked if they 'd been called . Ryan Duffin , one of the trio , said he felt deceived by Jackie , but he also pointed out that Erdely 's mistake in fact-checking was about one single incident , and the fallout has caused a much bigger issue to be lost . "  Had she gotten in direct contact with us , it probably would n't have been printed , at least in that way , " he said . "  A lot of the article was still based in truth , but the focal point would have been different . " It might have been less dramatic , but it would have probably focused on some of the other UVA students who shared much more common stories of acquaintance rape on campus . "  I think my problem with it was that this reporter wanted to sensationalize an experience that 's not very common , " Roderick said . " ... And I wonder if it would have been different if  it dealt  with someone with a less horrific story -- something that happens to more people . I think this discredits what a lot of survivors go through . Something this physically horrific is not what everyone goes through . Now it 's like , ` If I was n't assaulted by more than one man then my story is not as worthy of attention . ' It 's frustrating that this is how rape is portrayed on college campuses because this is not the norm . " Before the report came out , Abraham Axler , the student body president , said that some good had come from the article because it forced UVA to institute new policies and to open up a conversation on a topic that needed to be discussed nationwide . But some survivors and advocates are afraid the retraction set back their progress . "  I do feel like there 's a possibility people will be afraid to come forward . If you come forward and share your story , if you do n't have the date right , every detail down , you 'll think , ` I 'm going to be accused of being a liar . It 's easier for me to keep it to myself , ' " Roderick said . "  There are very serious and unresolved questions about the university 's performance , " said Steve Coll , dean of the Columbia School of Journalism . "  Rolling Stone teed that subject up . I would n't say that everything about Rolling Stone 's treatment of that subject was perfect , but it certainly does n't fall under the same category as their reporting about Jackie 's narrative . "	University of Virginia is under continuing investigation over how it handles sexual assault on campus Some fear retraction of Rolling Stone story about one case takes focus off the broader issue After the story came out , UVA instituted a zero-tolerance policy on sexual assault going forward
CNN  -- How do you say "  scoop " in Latin ? It 's a good bet that Giovanna Chirri -- the journalist who broke the story of the pope 's resignation -- can tell you . Chirri 's knowledge of Latin gave her the edge to understand the magnitude of the pope 's announcement . A reporter for ANSA , Italy 's state-run news agency , Chirri was among a few reporters at what appeared to be a routine papal announcement Monday . Most media outlets chose not to cover the event , which began with 20 minutes of announcements concerning other church matters , ANSA reported . But then , in Latin , Pope Benedict XVI said he would resign at the end of the month "  because of advanced age . " The news would surprise the world 's 1.2 billion Roman Catholics , but someone had to inform them first . Chirri has "  polished " Latin skills , her employer said , but it took confidence to trust that she heard what she thought she heard . The pope 's resignation , explained "  The news of  his resignation did n't seem real to me , " she told ANSA . "  I told myself ` you misunderstood . ' " The pope 's Latin is "  very easy to understand , " Chirri said , but it was n't until the announcement was repeated that the reporter filed an urgent bulletin for ANSA , which was subsequently picked up by the rest of the world . A devout Catholic , Chirri told ANSA she tries to keep her faith separate from her work covering the Vatican , but Monday 's announcement made her cry because she was upset . "  I fought to keep my nerve despite my knees feeling weak , " she told the news agency . While Catholic services today are celebrated in local languages , Latin remains the official language of the Roman Catholic church . For this reason , all official acts of the church are announced in Latin , as was the case Monday .	Italian news agency reporter Giovanna Chirri broke the pope resignation story Her knowledge of Latin gave her the edge to get the scoop The news had her "  knees feeling weak "
Jerusalem  CNN  -- "  Lift the siege . " "  Stop the rockets . " The dialogue of the deaf continues after nearly three weeks of conflict and well over 700 deaths . Hamas has rejected one Egyptian proposal to silence the guns . It wants assurances that any deal includes an end to the blockade that has wrecked Gaza 's economy and impoverished its people . No , says Israel : stop firing rockets and then we 'll talk about it . Hamas is a resilient organization . Fighters of its military wing have put up stiff resistance to the Israeli ground incursion . But it has few friends in the Arab world , and the Arab street has not risen in solidarity . And this time , Israeli leaders are publicly and persistently demanding what they call the ` demilitarization ' of Gaza as the price for peace - so that Israel is spared another barrage of rockets like those that fell on its soil in 2008 and 2012 - and are again now . To that end Israel wants to ensure that Hamas can acquire neither the raw materials it needs to make thousands more rockets nor get its hands on more advanced missiles . It is also determined to eradicate the maze of tunnels that Hamas uses to support its infrastructure and infiltrate the border . Israeli military officers say they believe most if not all the tunnels have been identified -- more than 60 access shafts leading to some 31 tunnels as of Thursday . In other words the Israeli aim is a lasting change in the landscape . The U.S. and European Union have warmed to the idea . "  One of the results , one would hope , of a cease-fire would be some form of demilitarization , so that again , this does n't continue , " said U.S. Deputy National Security Advisor Tony Blinken . So how do you define ` demilitarization ? ' What sort of weapons does it include ? Who guarantees and polices it ? Is it even conceivable Hamas would give up in negotiation an arsenal it has spent years building up ? Khaled Mashal -- leader of Hamas political wing -- insisted Tuesday : "  Nobody can break the will of the resistance and no one can get rid of its weapons . Only two conditions can get rid of the weapons of the resistance -- firstly the ending of the occupation and second the demilitarization of Israel . " Obviously impossible demands , but Nathan Thrall , senior analyst with the Middle East Program of the International Crisis Group , says "  there 's no way Hamas will ever accept demilitarization in exchange for changes in Gaza . " Is there a halfway house which would provide Israel with sufficient security guarantees ? Nothing yet on the horizon . The trouble for Hamas is that its main ally , Egypt 's former President Mohamed Morsy , is now in jail . And the man who ousted him , President Abdel Fattah al Sisi , has moved to isolate Hamas , economically and militarily , by closing the smuggling tunnels into Gaza . Crudely put , he shares Israel 's view that Hamas is ruining the neighborhood . So Egypt is in the driving seat , as U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry has recognized by making Cairo the first port of call in his latest shuttle . His ` phone-bashing ' has been intense -- bringing in Israel , the Palestinians , Qatar , France , the Turkish Foreign Minister and more . But one of his predecessors , Madeleine Albright , told CNN that one problem was working out "  who has any influence over Hamas in order to get them to accept a cease-fire . " For Hamas any deal must include what it calls the "  lifting of the siege " -- the blockade of Gaza that has turned it into an open prison for the last eight years . "  We will not accept any proposal that does not lift the blockade , " said Mashal . A truce in Gaza perhaps , but he would not agree to a lasting cease-fire unless blockade terms had been negotiated . At issue then , how can each side get enough to wave in front of their people as victory ? And what 's the sequence : truce , then negotiations , and only then a full cease-fire ? The whispers and hints suggest so . Hamas is wary of being trapped like it was in 2012 , when a truce was agreed but longer-term issues never resolved . Hamas is aware that above all the people of Gaza are gasping for the chance to breathe a more normal life . "  We would rather be dead than live this life . " CNN correspondents in Gaza have heard that and similar refrains time and again . The detailed terms of any opening of Gaza will probably not be agreed as part of an initial truce . There are too many questions . Who monitors the border crossing with Egypt at Rafah ? The U.N. ? The Egyptian military ? Israeli officials seem ready at least to consider a force from the Palestinian Authority , says Nathan Thrall of the ICG . And he believes that Israel "  may be moving -- albeit grudgingly -- towards accepting a reconciliation government among the Palestinians that allows Abbas ' Palestinian Authority to regain a foothold in Gaza , " not least because Egypt will only talk to Abbas . What sort of goods would be allowed in from Israel into Gaza via the Kerem Shalom crossing , which handles freight ? Israel complains that most of the cement smuggled into Gaza in recent years from Egypt  and some allowed in from Israel  has been used for Hamas tunnels -- not houses . What about the port of Gaza ? There are other issues -- including the release of Hamas supporters arrested in the West Bank since the abduction and murder of three Israeli teenagers last month and the ability of farmers to tend land along the fringes of Gaza . Fishing rights of Palestinians in Gaza would also likely be discussed . Some in the Israeli Defense Forces have expressed surprise at the scale and intensity of the resistance they have met and the extent of the tunnel network , dubbed by one Israeli official as "  Lower Gaza . " Rather than prod the Israeli government towards a cease-fire , the resistance may make it more determined to degrade Hamas ' capabilities for a while longer . Sisi has no problem with that . But a deeper invasion into Gaza is fraught with peril , says Nathan Thrall . The Israelis , he notes , are just one kilometer inside Gaza and taking much heavier casualties than they did in 2008-09 . Hamas is not without friends altogether . The wealthy emirate of Qatar is close to the Muslim Brotherhood , from which Hamas sprang , and has embarked on a diplomatic drive with Turkey to bring peace and reconstruction to Gaza . But Turkey 's Prime Minister , Recep Tayyip Erdogan , has made incendiary comparisons between Israel 's conduct in Gaza and Hitler -- and described the incursion as "  systematic genocide , " ruling himself out of any role as the region 's ` honest broker . ' And Israeli ministers see Qatar as complicit in bankrolling Hamas . One long-term proposal that was floated before the latest conflict involves the international community demilitarizing Gaza in return for massive investment -- 50 billion dollars -- in the territory . It comes from a former Israeli Defense Minister , Shaul Mofaz . "  People say demilitarization is unrealistic , but the alternatives of going through this again in a year or two or capturing Gaza are unacceptable , " Mofaz told the Jerusalem Post . -LSB- Palestinian President Mahmoud -RSB- "  Abbas would be in a better position if he came into Gaza with $ 50 billion than if he was brought in on an IDF tank , " Mofaz said . He 's looking to Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates to lead that process . Few believe the Palestinian Authority has the resources to administer such a Marshall Plan . Such an ambitious vision seems far away right now , almost impossible , some say . American officials say they are focused on the next days , not weeks nor months nor years . "  Right now our focus is on stopping the rocket fire so that we can begin a serious negotiation on the key issues . What we 're trying to figure out is how do we get to a point where the violence can stop and these bigger , key issues can be addressed over the long term , " said a senior U.S. official . Writing in Foreign Policy , Aaron David Miller is deeply pessimistic about the long term . "  When it comes to Gaza , " he says , "  do n't dream about demilitarization or economic miracles . In fact , forget the endgame . Right now , summoning the urgency , the right mediator , and a deal to stop the killing will be hard enough . " But that 's what the people of Gaza most desperately need -- before they can even dream of greater freedoms .	The Gaza conflict has lasted almost three weeks with over 700 deaths Israeli leaders are demanding the ` demilitarization ' of Gaza Khaled Mashal -- leader of Hamas political wing -- is against this Is there a halfway house providing Israel with security guarantees ?
Jarratt , Virginia  CNN  -- Teresa Lewis , called the mastermind in the murder-for-hire deaths of her husband and stepson , was executed Thursday night , Virginia Department of Corrections officials said . Lewis , who was given a lethal injection , was pronounced dead at 9:13 p.m. ET at Greensville Correctional Center in Jarratt . Death penalty opponents argued that Lewis , a 41-year-old grandmother , should not have died for a 2002 conspiracy that spared two triggermen a capital sentence . Instead they got life without parole . Lewis was the first woman executed in Virginia in nearly a century . The victims ' family members witnessed the execution , state Department of Corrections spokesman Larry Traylor said . News media witnesses said Lewis appeared frightened when she entered the death chamber and approached the gurney . Asked if she had last words , Lewis said , "  I just want Kathy to know I love her . And I am very sorry . " The inmate was referring to her stepdaughter , witness Kathy Clifton , daughter of murder victim Julian Lewis and sister of victim C.J. Lewis . "  She has no recriminations , she has no ill will for anybody , " Lewis attorney Jim Rocap said . "  I think frankly that she had accepted what was going to happen tonight a long time ago , and she was very peaceful with that . " The death row inmate pleaded guilty in the 2002 slayings of her husband and stepson in their rural home near Danville , Virginia , about 145 miles from Richmond . Lewis , whom the state argued is evil , was the first woman executed in the United States in five years . She requested a last meal of two fried chicken breasts , sweet peas with butter , German cake  first choice  , apple pie  second choice  and a Dr Pepper soft drink , officials said . Rocap also released a statement late Thursday . "  Tonight , the machinery of death in Virginia extinguished the beautiful , childlike and loving human spirit of Teresa Lewis ... " Rocap said . "  Teresa asked that I send her thanks and love to all of those who have supported her in this fight for her life . In her words , ` It 's just awesome . ' It is our hope that Teresa 's death will cause a re-examination of the badly broken system of justice that could allow something as wrong and unjust as this to happen . " On Tuesday , the U.S. Supreme Court denied a stay of execution appeal . Virginia Gov. Bob McDonnell also rejected a clemency request . "  Having carefully reviewed the petition for clemency , the judicial opinions in this case , and other relevant materials , I find no compelling reason to set aside the sentence that was imposed by the Circuit Court and affirmed by all reviewing courts , " McDonnell wrote . "  Accordingly , I decline to intervene and have notified the appropriate counsel and family of my decision . " Lewis and her lawyers argued to the governor that she had an IQ that was borderline mentally retarded and that she was manipulated into committing the crimes by a dominant male co-defendant . She pleaded guilty to her participation in the murders but later regretted her actions , they said . Two anti-death penalty groups pleaded with McDonnell to show clemency . "  Teresa 's death sentence , imposed despite clear evidence of her diminished mental capacities , disabilities and addictions , undermines any confidence that she was properly adjudicated to be ` worthy ' of death , " argued Virginians for Alternatives to the Death Penalty and the National Coalition to Abolish the Death Penalty . "  The final failure of the death penalty system in Virginia rests squarely on the desk of Governor McDonnell . He should do the right thing and allow Teresa the same punishment , which was given to her co-defenders -- life imprisonment . " "  I just want the governor to know that I am so sorry , deeply from my heart , " Lewis recently said . "  And if I could take it back , I would , in a minute . ... I just wish I could take it back . And I 'm sorry for all the people that I 've hurt in the process . " Lewis admitted to police that she concocted the plot to kill her husband , Julian , and his son C.J. , an Army reservist set to be deployed to Iraq . At the time , she was having an affair with Matthew Shallenberger and paid him and then-19-year-old Rodney Fuller to commit murder for the victims ' insurance money . Court records show that Lewis gave the two killers cash to buy weapons and left the door of the home open for easy entry . Lewis was in bed with her husband when he was hit with a shotgun blast by Shallenberger . Julian Lewis survived long enough to tell police , "  My wife knows who did this to me . " Fuller killed C.J. Lewis in his bedroom down the hall . Despite her guilty plea , a state judge later sentenced Lewis to death while sparing the lives of Shallenberger and Fuller . At sentencing , the judge called her "  the head of this serpent . " "  I can frankly say that Teresa Lewis is as evil a person as I 've ever met , " David Grimes , commonwealth 's attorney for Pittsylvania County , who was at the scene shortly after the crimes occurred . "  I would wager with some assurance that you would n't find anyone who knew her before this event occurred who thought she was mentally retarded or had a limited mentality -- that it would ever cross their minds . " Her supporters said Lewis was deeply remorseful and had been a model prisoner , helping fellow female inmates cope with their circumstances . "  I do feel I could be a lot of help to some of the women , which I have already . From my understanding , I 've already helped a lot to change their lives or made them look at their lives in a different way , " Lewis said . Amnesty International and best-selling author John Grisham were among those supporting leniency . Grimes said Lewis had a "  fairly low " IQ but noted that courts have concluded she was not mentally retarded . The state also argued that Lewis waited 45 minutes after the shootings before calling police and that she had involved her then-16-year-old daughter in the plot . Rocap argued that such evidence suggested "  Teresa could not have been the mastermind . " "  Shallenberger has stated , and the experts that have examined her agree , that she was being used by Shallenberger , not the other way around , " he said . Lewis ' attorneys said that Shallenberger admitted he used Lewis to get at the $ 250,000 she would receive in the event her stepson died . A letter from Shallenberger to another woman , they say , said that the only reason he slept with Lewis was "  so she would give me the insurance money . " "  She was exactly what I was looking for , " he wrote . "  Some ugly bitch who married her husband for the money and I knew I could get to fall head over heels for me . " Furthermore , they said , Shallenberger said he "  manipulated the whole thing " and "  knew he was going ` take ' Lewis from the moment he met her , " according to an affidavit from one of their investigators . But Shallenberger , who committed suicide in 2006 , refused to sign the affidavit and actually tore up and ate part of it . Still , Grimes said , his investigation showed that Lewis took an active role in the plot , that she connived and manipulated everyone from her late husband to her lover to her children . From early on , he said , Lewis schemed several different ways to get the inheritance money . She helped plan an earlier plot to kill her husband that failed .	Teresa Lewis , 41 , died Thursday night by lethal injection Death penalty opponents had asked Virginia 's governor for clemency Lewis met earlier with family members , spiritual adviser She was sentenced in the slayings of her husband , stepson
CNN  A swarm of insects tends to startle us -- chaotic yet organized , fascinating and beautiful . Take it one step further . Instead of bees hovering around a tree , imagine cheese balls . Solo cups in the place of birds , glow sticks as locusts . What seems like a figment of a wild imagination becomes reality in Thomas Jackson 's "  Emergent Behavior " series . Jackson grew up in Rhode Island and worked in publishing in New York for 13 years , ultimately landing his dream gig as an editor with Forbes magazine . But somewhere along the way , he picked up a camera . He found photography "  effortlessly fulfilling " compared to the frequent challenges of writing . So he dove in , lens first . After a charming series featuring a robot , he struck a cadence in creating "  swarms " with inanimate objects such as Post-it notes and plastic plates . "  I started creating these whimsical , fantastic scenarios in which the environment is exploiting us , " Jackson explained . That 's what initially catches the eye -- the uncanny . The bizarre gathering in the behavior of insects or birds , made up of something that should n't be there . At first , he relied on digital enhancements to polish his illusions . But as the series evolved , he relied less on editing and more on the installations themselves . More than half of Jackson 's "  Emergent Behavior " series is digitally untouched . How Jackson gets a tubful of cheese balls to hang purposefully around the trunk of a tree seems nonsensical . He only hints at the mechanics . It 's just "  wires , " he said , casually , not revealing enough evidence to ruin the magic . Social media Follow @CNNPhotos on Twitter to join the conversation about photography . "  But if you look close enough , it will reveal all of its secrets . " He spends about a day building the installations , and he usually shoots his photos at dusk . The photo of the pink Solo cups was shot against mountainous terrain in Wyoming . The cups , already at odds with nature , look as though they are a flock of birds flying along the rocks . Jackson seemingly casts a magic spell of manic movement , creating what an Internet commentator calls "  a frat party being sucked into a black hole . " The idea of a swarm -- be it insects or "  thank you " bags -- fascinates Jackson . They are disconcerting and familiar at once , creating a conundrum that warrants a closer look . "  Maybe because they fly in the face of how we see the world , " he said . Thomas Jackson is a photographer based in Brooklyn , New York . You can follow him on Instagram .	Thomas Jackson has staged everyday objects to look like swarms in nature Among the items used : Solo cups , Post-it notes , cheese balls and plastic plates
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The former Halliburton subsidiary KBR has been charged with bribing Nigerian government officials with "  tens of millions of dollars " to obtain "  billions of dollars in contracts , " according to court documents filed late Friday in Houston , Texas . KBR was spun off from its former parent corporation Halliburton in 2007 . Justice Department lawyers filed an "  information , " which is generally associated with an expected plea agreement . The Justice Department had no comment on the filing , but officials familiar with the case said they expected KBR representatives to appear Wednesday in federal court in Houston . The 22-page court document outlines a complex joint venture involving KBR and the Nigeria government-owned National Petroleum Corporation charged with developing the country 's oil and gas industry . The contracts involved the design and construction of a natural gas plant . The government documents say the joint venture included payments to international consultants to bribe Nigerian officials . The alleged violations of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act come after the conviction of Albert Stanley , KBR 's former chief executive officer , who pleaded guilty to bribery last fall . "  We are not providing comment at this time , " said company spokeswoman Heather Browne in an e-mail . She referred CNN to a filing in October that cited a consortium that included KBR called TSKJ . It said , "  information has been uncovered suggesting that , commencing at least 10 years ago , members of TSKJ planned payments to Nigerian officials . We have reason to believe , based on the ongoing investigations , that payments may have been made by agents of TSKJ to Nigerian officials . "  The government has recently confirmed that it has evidence of such payments . The government has also recently advised Halliburton and KBR that it has evidence of payments to Nigerian officials by another agent in connection with a separate KBR-managed offshore project in Nigeria and possibly evidence of payments in connection with other projects in Nigeria . " The company said that in June 2004 it terminated its relationship with Stanley , and noted his guilty plea . "  By the plea , Mr. Stanley admitted that he participated in a scheme to bribe Nigerian government officials and that payments were made by agents of TSKJ to Nigerian officials in connection with the construction and expansion by TSKJ of the complex at Bonny Island , " it said . KBR , which was spun off from its former parent corporation Halliburton in 2007 , has been under fire for its business practices in providing logistical support to the U.S. war effort in Iraq . The Nigerian charges are separate from KBR 's contracts in Iraq and Kuwait . CNN Justice Producer Terry Frieden contributed to this story .	Feds : KBR bribed Nigerian government for "  billions of dollars in contracts " 22-page document outlines venture to pay international consultants KBR 's chief executive officer was convicted of bribery last fall
Atlanta  CNN  -- The widow of a man gunned down outside his son 's suburban Atlanta day-care center plotted his death with her cash-strapped lover for nearly $ 3 million in insurance and other assets , prosecutors alleged Thursday . A grand jury indicted Andrea Sneiderman on murder , racketeering , perjury and other charges Thursday morning , DeKalb County , Georgia , District Attorney Robert James announced . According to the indictment , she and her then-boss , Hemy Neuman , had been having an affair for about seven months before husband Rusty Sneiderman was killed in November 2010 . The Sneidermans were having marriage problems at the time , while Neuman and his wife were in similar straits and facing bankruptcy , according to the charges . Georgia man gets life in day care murder "  Neuman and Andrea Sneiderman conspired together to murder Rusty Sneiderman so that they could enjoy a life together , eliminate Neuman 's debt problems and fully benefit from the assets the Sneidermans had acquired , as well as the proceeds of Rusty Sneiderman 's life insurance policies , " the indictment states . Rusty and Andrea Sneiderman had two small children and about $ 960,000 in the bank , according to the charges . Rusty Sneiderman 's life insurance policy paid out $ 2 million plus interest , prosecutors allege . But in a written statement to reporters , Sneiderman 's defense team said they "  categorically deny each and every one of the charges that were filed against Andrea today . " "  We are looking forward to a vigorous and complete defense to ensure that Andrea is fully exonerated of these false accusations , " said J. Tom Morgan , a former DeKalb County district attorney . "  We are confident that , when an unbiased jury hears the facts of this case , it will be clear that Andrea is innocent . " Neuman already is serving a sentence of life in prison without parole in the killing . During his trial , both prosecutors and defense lawyers accused Sneiderman of having an affair with him -- an allegation she denied under oath . A jury found Neuman guilty but mentally ill in March . Neuman 's lawyers argued that Sneiderman had "  manipulated " him into killing her husband , and said Thursday 's indictment could boost his chances of a successful appeal . "  The indictment today is clear confirmation of exactly what our defense was , " said Doug Peters , one of Neuman 's attorneys . "  Andrea was an adulterer , liar , and master manipulator . " Sneiderman was arrested at her parents ' home in Putnam County , about 80 miles east of Atlanta , after a grand jury returned the indictment Thursday morning , James said . Her attorneys accused James of turning the arrest into a "  media circus , " saying they had already offered to surrender Sneiderman if charges were brought . James said prosecutors wo n't seek the death penalty against Sneiderman . In a statement released through their attorneys , Rusty Sneiderman 's family said the charges were "  another important step in the pursuit of justice " for him , but the arrest of their in-law "  brings us no joy . " In Session 's Nancy Leung and Lena Jakobsson contributed to this report .	NEW : Andrea Sneiderman 's lawyers say she 'll be "  fully exonerated " of the charges NEW : Convicted trigger man 's lawyer says charges are "  clear confirmation " of their defense Sneiderman has been indicted on murder , racketeering and fraud charges She 's accused of plotting to kill her husband with her boss-turned-lover
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- About 200 people have been arrested in a flare-up of anti-Christian violence in Gojra that left seven dead , a government minister said Monday . Christians in Karachi , Pakistan , on Monday protest the slayings of seven Christians in weekend violence . Rana Sana Ullah , Punjab 's provincial law minister , told CNN that the paramilitary Rangers force was helping police and maintaining law and order . Seven people were killed and 20 injured Saturday when Muslim demonstrators set fire to houses in a Christian enclave and fighting broke out , authorities said . Police said the Muslims were protesting an alleged desecration of pages in the Quran , the Muslim sacred text , at a Christian wedding . At a news conference in Islamabad carried on local TV , Shehbaz Bhatti , federal minister for minorities , said an investigation determined there was no desecration of the Quran in village 95 Gill near Gojra City , and the allegations were baseless . He also said the government will rebuild all the burned houses . Bhatti told CNN that four women , two men and a child , all Christians , were either shot to death or killed when their houses were burned . About 50 houses were burned down , and more than 100 were looted by the protesters , Bhatti said . The incident occurred in Gojra City , about 160 kilometers  100 miles  southwest of Lahore . Kamran Michael , Punjab provincial minister for human rights and minority affairs , who is a Christian , told CNN after meeting with Pakistan 's Christian leaders in Gojra that a consensus had been reached to observe three days of mourning , from Monday to Wednesday , for the attack on the Christians . On those three days , all schools , colleges , missions and educational institutions run by Christians will remain closed . Christian schools in Karachi , which were due to open for the new term Monday , remained closed . However , schools in most other areas of Pakistan are still on summer vacation . Michael also criticized Pakistan 's "  law of offenses relating to religion , " which has a penalty of life imprisonment for desecration of the Quran and even death for defiling the name of the prophet Mohammed . He called the law unjust and misused , and he strongly condemned it , demanding that it be amended because of its misuse against minorities . Journalist Nasir Habib contributed to this report .	7 killed , 20 hurt Saturday when Muslim protesters set fire to houses in Christian area They were protesting alleged desecration of Quran at a Christian wedding Federal official says investigation determined there was no desecration of Quran About 50 houses were burned down , more than 100 looted in violence
CNN  -- At an auction at a gallery in New York recently , a piece of artwork sold for a higher price than had been anticipated by the auctioneers : $ 4,080 . It was n't a very big piece of art -- just 8-by-10 inches . Technically , it was n't even art . It was a glossy black-and-white photograph . It had a slight imperfection : there were staple holes in the upper left-hand corner . Someone had written all over the front of the photograph . The person who had scrawled on it was , in fact , the subject of the photograph . He had written : "  To Patricia Keating , with very best wishes , John Kennedy " That is what made the photo so valuable to someone : Kennedy had held it in his hands , had run his pen over it . The owners of Swann Galleries , where the signed photo was auctioned , believe that Kennedy had autographed the picture in 1956 , when he was a United States senator . The picture itself was n't worth much ; but his signature , personalized to Patricia Keating . ... "  As far as we know , she was n't anyone famous , " Rebecca Weiss , a Swann Galleries employee , told me on the day after the auction . "  There 's no particular significance to her name . " Then why would someone pay more than $ 4,000 for the photo ? Weiss told me that the identities of the buyers and sellers at Swann auctions are kept confidential , so she could not disclose who had consigned the photo for sale , or who had purchased it . But she said there is a pretty safe rule of thumb about the sale of autographs of renowned men and women : "  What people are buying is the mystique . They are taking home the autograph knowing that this person once actually touched this item , this person once actually left this imprint , this signature . " She clearly knows what she is talking about ; just this weekend , it was announced that another auctioneer had sold what is purported to be perhaps the last autograph Kennedy ever signed : a copy of the Dallas Morning News that he reportedly signed for a woman upon his arrival in that city on November 22 , 1963 . A man in California purchased it for $ 39,000 . In our digital age , in which images and data are transferred from person to person with the tap of a key , it would seem to be an anachronism : the idea of placing enormous monetary value on pieces of paper upon which prominent individuals once wrote their names . But that personal touch seems to have remained precious ; Weiss said that many , if not most , purchasers of autographed items display them as if they were rare paintings : framed and mounted in places of honor . She did n't have to convince me . I have only two pieces of art hanging in my home , and neither would qualify as art in the conventional sense . But I would n't trade them for Picassos or Van Goghs . The first is an original theater lobby poster for the greatest movie about newspapers ever made : 1952 's "  Deadline -- U.S.A. " , starring Humphrey Bogart . The other piece of art is an autograph -- actually , an entire  if brief  handwritten letter . It is a thank-you note . A thank-you note written to a laundry . At the top of the piece of paper , embossed in the italics/script font style of 1950s suburban-housewife stationery , are the words : "  From the home of ... Elvis Presley " And beneath it , in blue ballpoint pen : "  I should like to commend your Laundry for doing a fantastic job on my clothes , you show esceptional care . Sincerely E.P. " That 's just how , while living in a house on Audubon Drive in Memphis , Tennessee , in the years before he moved to Graceland , he wrote it . "  Laundry " capitalized in the middle of the sentence ; a comma instead of a period after "  clothes " ; "  esceptional " instead of "  exceptional . " I ca n't imagine a more wonderful or telling artifact from Presley 's life . Who writes thank-you notes to their laundries ? The young Elvis , that 's who . There 's such an essential sweetness to it -- to the very fact of the letter , to the formality of his introduction  "  I should like to commend ... "  , to the adjective he chose  "  a fantastic job on my clothes "  . I purchased the letter from a gallery two decades ago  for a price that made me bite the inside of my mouth  , and I would rather own it than the Mona Lisa . I was about to say that I would never part with it , but in fact I once did , for several months . An exhibit called "  American Originals : Treasures from the National Archives " was touring the country , and was scheduled to make a long stop at the Peggy Notebaert Nature Museum of the Chicago Academy of Sciences . Included in the exhibit were the original Louisiana Purchase Treaty , Thomas Edison 's 1879 patent application for the electric lamp and the instrument of surrender of the German High Command during World War II . I thought Elvis belonged there , and persuaded the curators of the museum to accept his thank-you letter on loan . The National Archives said they would not object , so long as Elvis ' note was not in the same room with the more austere documents . It worked out fine ; I thought Elvis would like it that way . He always was proud to be an outsider . In the hallway adjacent to the entrance to the main exhibit -- visitors saw it right as they walked in -- was Elvis ' handwritten letter , in a display case , with a plaque that read : "  This note , written by Elvis Presley when he was on the verge of becoming a star , provides an example of how seemingly trivial documents can increase in value and cultural significance as a result of historic events . It also shows that despite his growing fame in the early 1950s , Presley cared about the feelings of others . " Brings a tear to your eye , does n't it ? I can fully understand why someone in New York the other day would purchase the photograph that John Kennedy once signed for Patricia Keating , whoever she may have been . You do n't have to be Patricia Keating to comprehend the value of that picture , just as you do n't have to be Elvis ' laundry to comprehend the value of that thank-you note . Great art , like great beauty , is where you find it . It is , as they say , in the eye -- or the laundry bag -- of the beholder . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Photo signed by JFK recently sold for $ 4,080 , Greene notes In the digital age , the idea of valuing names on paper seems odd , he says But autographs allow an admirer to make a connection to a hero , he says That makes some autographs more precious than fine art , he says
CNN  -- Dozens of armed militants killed 13 bus passengers in Pakistan 's militancy-hit Balochistan province during a pre-dawn attack Tuesday . More than 24 militants opened fire at two buses , forcing them to stop in Bolan district of Balochistan , police official Zubair Ahmed said . Ahmed said the militants took 13 of the passengers to the nearby mountains . Police later found the victims ' bodies . "  They had killed them one by one , "  Ahmed said . He said the dead passengers included two security personnel . There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the attack . In the past , Balochistan separatists had killed laborers and passengers in the same area . He said the buses were headed from the province 's capital , Quetta , to the Punjab region when they were attacked . Militants strike oil tankers Elsewhere in Balochistan province , armed militants dressed in police uniforms attacked two oil tankers Monday night . The tankers were carrying fuel for local security forces in the Mach area of Bolan district . Senior administration official Kashif Nabi said militants killed a security guard and injured another . The guards were protecting the oil tankers . Nabi said the attack partially damaged a tanker , and the attack was followed by a heavy exchange of gunfire between militants and security forces in the area .	Dozens of militants open fire on two buses , police say 13 passengers were taken to nearby mountains and killed No one has claimed responsibility for the attack Also in Balochistan , militants in police uniforms attack oil tankers and kill a security guard
New York  CNN  -- A federal jury began deliberations Monday in the case of a man accused -- with two others -- of plotting to bomb New York 's subway system . Prosecutors say Adis Medunjanin , a Bosnian-born American , conspired with admitted terrorists Najubullah Zazi and Zarein Ahmedzay in the terrorist plot planned , but never executed , in 2009 . In closing arguments late last week at a federal court in Brooklyn , Assistant U.S. Attorney Berit Berger said that Medunjanin was willing "  to strap a suicide bomb to himself , walk into a New York City subway and blow it up . " Berger told jurors that al Qaeda leaders assigned the mission to Medunjanin in 2008 , while he was in Pakistan 's tribal belt with two high school friends , Najibullah Zazi and Zarein Ahmedzay . Medunjanin 's attorney Robert Gottlieb denied the prosecution 's account in his own closing arguments , insisting his client traveled to Pakistan "  not to join al Qaeda , but to join the Taliban in fighting foreign troops in Afghanistan . " Gottlieb said Medunjanin wanted to join the Taliban to stand up for Muslims and defend the Muslim religion . He called all three young men , including Zazi and Ahmedzay , "  immature , naive and clueless " when they set out . "  They wanted to fulfill some romantic version of jihad , " Gottlieb said . Upon their return to the United States , prosecutors contend that Medunjanin and his two friends hatched a plan to rig backpacks with explosives and blow them up . But Gottlieb denies his client had a role in such a bomb plot . Medunjanin has pleaded not guilty to charges that include conspiring to use weapons of mass destruction and conspiring to provide material support to al Qaeda . He faces life in prison if convicted . Co-conspirators Zazi , an immigrant from Pakistan , and Ahmedzay , an immigrant from Afghanistan , have pleaded guilty to planning the attack with him and are awaiting sentencing . Both men have cooperated with the government and testified at Medunjanin 's trial .	NEW : A federal jury in New York begins deliberations in Adis Medunjanin 's case He is accused of conspiring with two others to bomb New York 's subway system His defense lawyer denies that his client was part of any such plot Medunjanin went to Pakistan to join the Taliban , not al Qaeda , his lawyer says
Manila , Philippines  CNN  -- Anger mounted Tuesday as police in the Philippines acknowledged mistakes in a hostage rescue effort that ended with the deaths of eight people on a tourist bus . Police shot and killed the gunman , former police officer Rolando Mendoza , who was apparently upset at having lost his job . He held hostage a busload of tourists from Hong Kong on Monday and according to witnesses , he was willing to cooperate before he was shot dead . In Hong Kong , flags flew at half-staff and radio talk shows were abuzz with criticism of authorities in the Philippines . The word "  incompetent " was repeatedly heard . The deadly standoff unfolded live on television , which the gunman was able to watch on a monitor on the bus . "  We do not want to pass sweeping judgment or make early conclusions except to say that our intention to peacefully end this hostage drama was spoiled when the hostage-taker suddenly exhibited violent behavior and began shooting the hostages , " Philippine National Police Chief Director General Jesus A. Verzosa said in a statement . National police said officials have already noted "  some observations and defects during their close monitoring of the unfolding events . " The statement did not provide details , but listed "  poor handling of the hostage negotiation , " "  inadequate capability , skills , equipment and planning of the assault team , " "  improper crowd control , " "  inadequate training and competence of assault team leader , " and "  non-compliance to media relations procedures in hostage situations . " Survivors were scheduled to leave the Philippines on Tuesday as officials and family members called on authorities to investigate . "  The investigation has got to find out , what was the turning point ? What happened ? " Philippine National Red Cross Chairman Richard Gordon told CNN on Tuesday . It was a dark moment for President Benigno S. Aquino III , who was elected by a landslide last spring with a promise to restore the nation 's reputation . He declared a national day of mourning Wednesday . Gordon told CNN that interviews with survivors have revealed that the situation inside the bus changed dramatically toward the end of the 10-hour standoff . "  Apparently the man went berserk . He was telling everybody he was not going to harm -LSB- them -RSB- . ... He said that nobody 's going to get harmed . He said that he was probably going to die , but not the hostages , " he said . A woman who was on the bus told reporters her husband was killed when he tried to stop the gunman . "  My husband was very brave . He rushed out from the back of the bus to try to stop the killer , " said the woman , who identified herself as Alicia Leung . She told reporters that she pretended to be dead in order to survive . "  Why did authorities not rescue us ? There were so many of us on the bus . Why did no one come to rescue us ? It is so cruel , " she said . In Manila , Aquino said he had ordered an investigation and would wait until it is completed before deciding whether anyone should lose his or her job . In Hong Kong , officials and residents questioned how Filipino authorities had handled the hostage situation . "  This is a serious blow to Hong Kong people . We all feel very devastated , " Hong Kong Chief Executive Donald Tsang told reporters Tuesday , saying that the government would soon announce community mourning events . Four men and four women were killed in the standoff , authorities in Hong Kong said . One passenger was critically wounded and six others were hospitalized with less serious injuries after the 10-hour standoff erupted into gunfire , Tsang said . The Hong Kong-based tour guide was among those who died , Hong Thai Travel said in a statement . Some of the victims were insured and would be compensated , the travel agency said . The gunman released nine of the hostages , including a mother and her three children , a man with diabetes , and two photographers . The bus driver also escaped . The British Foreign and Commonwealth Office said Tuesday that two of the released hostages were British nationals . Manila police official Leocadio Santiago told CNN that Mendoza 's family members spoke with him early in the standoff and that he appeared "  very reasonable and very psychologically stable . " Mendoza was a decorated police officer , winning several accolades . But his career spiraled downward when he was dismissed a year ago for extortion , Manila Vice Mayor Ikso Moreno said , and he wanted his motion for reconsideration to be heard . "  He felt that it was being neglected , " Moreno said . "  So he went on hostaging a bus full of foreign individuals . So when we talked to him this afternoon , that 's what he wanted . " Moreno said that Mendoza 's brother was arrested because he was "  guilty of conspiring with his brother " and allegedly helped instigate the shooting . Gordon said the brother 's arrest may have pushed the gunman over the edge . "  When he saw his brother getting accosted by the policemen , he went berserk and he started firing , " he said . CNN 's Sarita Harilela and journalists Constance Cheng , Maria Ressa and Arlene Samson-Espiritu contributed to this report .	Gunman was able to watch live coverage of the standoff Police officials say they observed inadequate skills and improper crowd control National police chief says authorities tried to end standoff peacefully Philippine Red Cross chairman says gunman initially said he would not harm hostages
In a speech after the Colorado shooting Friday , President Barack Obama asked Americans to pray , reflect and remember what 's important in life while the city of Aurora mourned the dead and wounded . "  If there 's anything to take away from this tragedy it 's the reminder that life is very fragile . Our time here is limited and it is precious . And what matters at the end of the day is not the small things , it 's not the trivial things , which so often consume us and our daily lives , " Obama said in Fort Myers , Florida , before returning to the White House . Obama on shooting : This is n't a day for politics But Friday 's shootings are likely to propel the issue of gun rights and gun safety into the national conversation again , even though the president did not address it on Friday and has largely avoided the subject while in office . Romney calls for unity after shooting Daniel Vice , senior attorney for the Brady Center to Prevent Gun Violence , criticized Obama on Friday for steering clear of the issue in office . For Democrats , gun politics are bad politics "  President Obama has refused to even talk about guns . In a speech today he did n't even say the word ` gun . ' The closest he came was ` gunman , ' " Vice said . "  Unfortunately the president has shown a lack of leadership in standing up to the gun lobby . " Talk of gun rights was largely absent from Obama 's speech in the aftermath of the Fort Hood shooting in 2009 and after then-Rep . Gabrielle Giffords and others were shot in Tucson , Arizona , last year . Obama mentioned gun safety only in passing after the Tucson shootings to describe the polarizing nature of the issue . However , amid renewed discussions , the president penned an opinion piece two months after the Tucson shootings that acknowledged the importance of the Second Amendment and called for a "  focus " on "  effective steps that will actually keep those irresponsible , law-breaking few from getting their hands on a gun in the first place . " The president 's three-step plan included enforcing existing laws , rewarding states that provide the best data about gun owners and a better system for background checks . "  Clearly , there 's more we can do to prevent gun violence , " he wrote in the Arizona Daily Star . "  But I want this to at least be the beginning of a new discussion on how we can keep America safe for all our people . " But he did not go as far as he had on the campaign trail in 2008 . As a candidate for president he adamantly declared he would not "  take away your guns , " while supporting a platform that included reinstituting the assault weapons ban , stopping destruction of background check documents and closing the federal gun show loophole . "  If you 've got a riffle , you got a shotgun , you 've got a gun in your house , I 'm not taking it away , " Obama said in Pennsylvania in September 2008 after stressing the importance of "  common-sense gun safety measures . " Gun safety advocates have expressed disappointment with the president 's actions since taking office , particularly over his failure to fight for the reinstatement of the assault weapons ban . They pointed out Obama signed bills into law that allowed loaded weapons in some national parks and on Amtrak trains and the destruction of background check documents . Advocates at the Brady Campaign said the only step he took to support their cause was backing a rule requiring gun dealers who sell multiple rifles to individuals along the border with Mexico to report the sales to law enforcement . Bloomberg issues call to action on guns But they acknowledged their task is particularly difficult when the head of the Nation Rife Association , Wayne LaPierre , repeatedly attacks the president for working against the Second Amendment . Spokesman : NRA tweeter was ` unaware ' of Colorado shooting "  Obama has already signed on to destroy the Second Amendment and our freedom , " LaPierre said at the Conservative Political Action Conference in February . "  He has  endorsed a total ban on manufacture , sale and possession of all handguns . " White House spokespeople have been consistently vague when pressed on gun rights by members of the media . When asked Friday if the president would take steps to curb gun violence in the form of gun safety laws after the Aurora shootings , White House Press Secretary Jay Carney said , "  The president believes that we need to take common-sense measures that protect Second Amendment rights of Americans , while ensuring that those who should not have guns under existing law do not get them . " "  There has been progress in that regard in terms of improving the volume of quality of information in background check , but I have nothing new , " Carney added . In July 2011 , Carney said the president directed Attorney General Eric Holder and state leaders to identify measures that would improve safety and protect Second Amendment rights . "  We expect to have some more specific announcements in the near future , " Carney said . But no announcements have been issued . Gun rights continue to divide Americans . A Pew survey released in April showed 49 % of Americans found it more important to protect the rights of Americans to own guns , while 45 % said it was more important to control gun ownership . The figures shifted when broken down by party ideology , race and sex . Twenty-seven percent of Democrats said it is more important to protect gun rights , while 72 % of Republicans said the same . Sixty percent of men found it more important to protect gun rights and 39 % of women found it more important to protect the rights of Americans to own guns . Divides also exist among campaign contributions , according to filings with the Federal Elections Commission , which show an influx of cash disproportionately geared toward Republican candidates . In the 2012 cycle , presumptive Republican presidential Mitt Romney has received $ 126,440 from gun rights groups , compared to Obama 's $ 2,300 . That trend is consistent with the 2008 cycle , when Sen. John McCain collected $ 483,711 in such contributions and Obama received $ 25,987 .	President Obama has largely avoided the subject while in office Gun control advocate : Obama "  has shown a lack of leadership in standing up to the gun lobby " White House spokespeople have been consistently vague when pressed on gun rights Obama has been repeatedly attacked by the National Rifle Association , a gun rights group
CNN  -- Lindsey Vonn completed a hat-trick of World Cup victories in the space of three days at Haus Im Ennstal in Austria as she claimed Sunday 's super-G in fine style . The American skier powered down the Krummholz course in one minute 26.69 seconds to beat Swede Anja Paerson by over half a second . Nadia Fanchini of Italy and Martina Schild of Switzerland were tied for third place . Vonn 's super-G success followed victories on Friday and Saturday in downhill races and showed she has fully recovered from the arm injury she sustained in a giant slalom event last month . She is the first female racer to win on three straight days since Germany 's Katja Seizinger in 1997 and it was her 28th World Cup win . Vonn , from Minnesota , is also the first skier from the United States to achieve this feat . To cap a superb week for the 26-year-old , she extends her overall World Cup lead to 192 points over Maria Riesch of Germany and is well-placed to retain the title . Vonn told her official Web site www.lindseyvonn.com that her hat-trick of World Cup victories was one of the major achievements of her career . "  Today was difficult because I put a bit of extra pressure on myself , " she admitted . "  But right now I 'm on cloud nine , it could n't get much better than this , " she added . Vonn will go into the Vancouver Olympics next February as a warm favorite in the speed events of downhill and super-G as she bids for a first Olympic medal of any color . In men 's World Cup slalom action on Sunday , an incredible second run by Julien Lizeroux of France gave him victory at Adelboden in Switzerland . Lizeroux came from 12th after the first run to win with a combined time of one minute 51.88 seconds . Austria 's Marcel Hirscher finished second with Croatia 's Ivica Kostelic in third . Austrian Benjamin Raich stretched his lead in the overall standings after claiming fourth . He has 62 points more than Switzerland 's Carlo Janka , who skied out on the first leg in front of his home fans .	Lindsey Vonn completes superb hat-trick of wins in three days on World Cup circuit American skier wins super-G in Austria to follow successive victories in downhill Vonn extends her overall lead to 192 points over Maria Riesch of Germany Julien Lizeroux of France wins men 's World Cup slalom in Switzerland
CNN  -- The San Francisco 49ers beat the Denver Broncos 24-16 as Wembley Stadium in London played host to an NFL match for the fourth time on Sunday . In a showdown between two struggling sides , the only points from a disappointing first half came from Joe Nedney 's 34-yard field goal for San Francisco . However , early in the second half , Denver quarterback Kyle Orton 's 71-yard pass to Brandon Lloyd stopped only one-yard short of the end zone . And in the next passage of play , young quarterback Tim Tebow carried the ball over for only his second career touchdown . A 32-yard field goal from Matt Prater put the Broncos 10-3 ahead , but the 49ers quickly rallied . Troy Smith completed a 38-yard pass to Delanie Walker and then completed a one-yard run himself to score the game-tying touchdown . And then Smith threw to Michael Crabtree for a second touchdown pass soon after . And the 49ers made the result safe when Orton 's pass was intercepted and Frank Gore crossed for another touchdown . There was a late rally from the Broncos when Orton 's one-yard pass found Lloyd in the end zone , but Prater missed the extra point to make it 24-16 .	The San Francisco 49ers beat the Denver Broncos 24-16 at Wembley Stadium The 49ers recover from going 10-3 down to defeat the Broncos with three TD 's It was the fourth time that the famous London arena had hosted an NFL match
CNN  -- No sooner had Ruganzu Bruno and his troupe of fellow eco-artists arrived at Kampala 's Kawempe area than their presence stirred up questions within the local community . "  What are you doing ? " the startled residents asked . "  Why are you using all this plastic ? " they continued , baffled by the piles of waste bottles that were gradually filling a dusty compound yard in the northwestern suburb of the Ugandan capital . What the group of artists was doing was creating "  The Hand That Speaks , " an enormous structure made of recycled materials to raise awareness about environmental degradation . "  We were trying to bring out the message that the hand is the one which is throwing this trash into the environment and at the same time it could be used to collect -LSB- them -RSB- and save the environment , " says Bruno . And once the nine artists started assembling their futuristic creation , using more than 20,000 bottles collected in the slums of Kampala , the local crowds also decided to lend a helping hand . "  At first , the community were confused but then they really loved it , " says Bruno . "  They were always getting us bottles . " Eco Art That was about four years ago , when Bruno was still a student at the Kyambogo University fine art school . During that time , the talented painter and sculptor discovered that he was n't interested in just crafting artworks that would only satisfy his creative needs . Instead , he wanted his art to have a positive impact on his community . "  When we are trying to achieve things in life we are self-centered , and as artists we tend to make work for ourselves , " explains Bruno , 30 . "  I kind of felt a change within myself to think about others , " he adds . "  From then on I could not only paint -- I decided to work on work that was beneficial to my community . " Driven by a desire to influence his surroundings , Bruno then became involved in eco-art projects , devising innovative ways to deal with Kampala 's acute waste management problem . In 2010 he founded Eco Art Uganda , a collective of artists promoting environmental awareness by transforming anything from discarded bottles and cast-aside metal to broken TVs and computers into contemporary and functional pieces of art . Read this : Specs ` give trash a second chance ' "  I was looking for materials that were not expensive and easily available , " says the soft-spoken artist , who hails from southwest Uganda . "  I really found that this trash and rubbish could actually become a really positive way of communicating to people , " adds Bruno , who 's won several accolades for his work , including the Ugandan Young Achievers award 2011 . Amusement park In April last year , Bruno also won the $ 10,000 City 2.0 Award at the TEDx summit in Doha , Qatar , for his idea to create an amusement playground for children living in Kampala 's congested slums . Using an array of recycled materials , Bruno went on to transform a school yard in Kampala 's Kireka community into a fun and safe place where children can play and learn . The eco-park , which was completed last September , is dotted with whimsical structures attracting dozens of children each day -- from a colorful helicopter and life-size board games made of bottles to recycled swings and climbing frames crafted from old tires . Bruno says the entire community , which lacked a recreation facility , embraced the project wholeheartedly . Read this : Boy 's flashy invention scares off lions "  I talked to the head of the school , and together with the parents and the students , they are the ones who collected the bottles , " says Bruno , who is also a lecturer in the department of Art & Design at Kyambogo University . "  So we built the playground together as a team and they know how to repair it -- this is very important in terms of sustainability . " But more importantly , Bruno , who was orphaned at a young age , says the project has had a positive impact on the children . "  The attention of children in class has improved ; the number of children who are dropping out -LSB- is falling -RSB- because now they have something to keep them busy there , " he adds . "  There is a really good progress and it has also helped them to express themselves in class . " Legacy Bruno says his goal is to recreate "  as many as 100 " similar amusement parks in other parts of Uganda . He is also using the prize money to grow an eco-artist loan scheme he 's developed , aimed at supporting the business endeavors of creative women in Kireka . It 's all part of his continuous efforts to be an artist whose work will serve his community 's needs . "  I think a man will always be remembered by his work , "  says Bruno . "  I 'm an advocate now of the environment ; I 'm an advocate for play for children ; I 'm an artist ... who wants his work to have an effect on the people . " .	Ugandan Ruganzu Bruno raises environmental awareness through his art He uses waste bottles and other recycled materials to create functional pieces of art He won the City 2.0 Award last year for his idea to build a playground from trash He has also developed a loan scheme that helps eco artists
CNN  -- Argentina 's David Nalbandian and Eduardo Schwank kept Argentina 's Davis Cup dreams alive after they thrashed Spain 's Feliciano Lopez and Fernando Verdasco in the doubles rubber 6-4 6-2 6-3 in Seville on Saturday . Trailing 2-0 after Friday 's singles matches , Argentina had to win Saturday 's only rubber to stop Spain from claiming their fifth win in the competition . Fighting Ferrer give Spain commanding lead Nalbandian and Schwank never looked in any trouble throughout the match , breaking in the fifth game of the first set before racing into a 4-0 lead in the second . Spain 's only two chances to break came in the sixth game of the third set but both times Nalbandian denied them . Argentina now trail Spain 2-1 . If they win both singles rubbers on Sunday they will become the first team in 72 years to win the David Cup from 2-0 down . Juan Martin Del Potro will face Rafael Nadal in the first singles match while Nalbadian is scheduled to face David Ferrer .	Argentina trail Spain 2-1 in Davis Cup after straight sets doubles win Nalbandian and Schwank beat Spain 's Lopez and Verdasco 6-4 6-2 6-3 Nadal to play Del Potro in Sunday 's first singles match on Sunday
CNN  -- CNN 's Chief International Correspondent Christiane Amanpour will launch her new live global interview program , "  Amanpour , " on September 21 , 2009 . CNN Chief International Correspondent Christiane Amanpour The program will run Monday to Thursday at 2100 CET , with a round-up of the best of the week on Fridays on CNN International and Sundays on CNN in the United States . Combining her experience , sharp intelligence and extraordinary depth of knowledge , Amanpour 's show will set the agenda for a new global conversation . "  Amanpour " will offer multiple perspectives and uncommon voices . It will set the news agenda , create media interest , social networking buzz and demonstrate Amanpour 's unique ability to address the world 's most compelling issues . Guests will include global leaders , heads of state and cultural icons . Amanpour will interview in a style that will awaken interest in unexpected topics , and serve as the hub for a global community of inquiring minds , hungry for a more daring perspective and a strong , clear , thoughtful take on international stories . "  I want this show to stir the global conscience . I have witnessed so much that it 's time to start making real sense of it all , " Amanpour says . "  I learned to seek facts and to tell the truth no matter how difficult or unpopular , and to not accept a false moral equivalence when none exists . I want to provide a forum for others to do the same . " After spending more than 25 years reporting from around the globe for CNN , Amanpour will take on the new role as host of this half-hour weeknight program . Each episode will primarily focus on one topic -- newsworthy and often provocative -- and will feature guests who challenge and deconstruct conventional wisdom . "  Amanpour " will mobilize conversation , encourage debate and facilitate change through these thought-provoking interviews and analysis . Amanpour 's body of work has earned nine News and Documentary Emmys , four George Foster Peabody Awards , two George Polk Awards , three duPont-Columbia Awards , the Courage in Journalism Award , an Edward R. Murrow award , an inaugural Television Academy Honor and many other major journalism awards . In 2007 , Amanpour was made a Commander of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire  CBE  by Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II for her "  highly distinguished , innovative contribution " to the field of journalism .	CNN 's Chief International Correspondent Christiane Amanpour launches new show "  Amanpour , " CNNI 's flagship live interview show , debuts on September 21 Amanpour has reported around the globe for CNN for more than 25 years "  I want this show to stir the global conscience , " Amanpour says
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama and Republican challenger Mitt Romney are neck-and-neck in national polls , while Obama has an edge in crucial battleground states that will decide Tuesday 's election . The dynamic sets up a possible outcome that has happened rarely in American politics and could undermine the credibility of the victor -- Romney beats Obama in the overall vote , but the president gets reelected by winning the decisive Electoral College . It would be the fifth time in history that the candidate who got the most overall support did n't win the election , and the first time that an incumbent president prevailed without capturing the popular vote . Explainer : What happens in a electoral tie ? Analysts acknowledge that such an outcome could happen , especially when the race is so tight , but they called it unlikely . State results generally follow the national trend , they say , so the chances were remote that Romney 's victory margin in states he wins will be so much larger than Obama 's in states the president wins that it would counter the Electoral College result . "  If the state polls are right , then Mr. Obama is not just the favorite in the Electoral College but probably also in the popular vote , " Nate Silver wrote last week in the New York Times ' FiveThirtyEight blog that analyzes polling data and trends . Sean Trende , the senior elections analyst at RealClearPolitics.com , wrote last month that the chances of a popular/electoral vote split were about one in three if the candidates are within one percentage point of each other in the overall count . Under the Electoral College system , each state is worth a certain number of electoral votes based on population . The winner of the popular vote in each state gets its electoral count , with 270 of the 538 available needed for victory . Politics : Voting challenges in battleground states could create drama , headaches The last split between the popular and electoral vote was 2000 , when Democratic Vice President Al Gore outpolled Texas Gov. George W. Bush by more than 543,000 votes in the raw count but narrowly lost the electoral tally . In an outcome decided by a controversial Supreme Court ruling that gave Florida to Bush by 537 votes , the Republican challenger ended up with 271 electoral votes to Gore 's 266 , while Gore got 48.4 % of the popular vote to 47.9 % for Bush . Prior to that , all previous occurrences were in the 19th Century , when the population was smaller and spread among fewer states . In 1888 , Republican Benjamin Harrison defeated incumbent Democratic President Grover Cleveland by 233-168 in the Electoral College even though Cleveland won 48.6 % of the popular vote to 47.8 % for Harrison . Twelve years earlier , Republican Rutherford B. Hayes defeated Democrat Samuel Tilden by one electoral vote , 185-184 , while Tilden won 50.9 % of the popular vote to 47.9 % for Hayes . The result was so contentious that it took a special electoral panel to decide that Hayes was the winner . Politics : Why Tuesday , why November , why elephants ? Election riddles solved In 1824 , John Quincy Adams lost both the popular and electoral vote to Andrew Jackson , who failed to get the minimum Electoral College support for victory . The House of Representatives decided the winner and chose Adams , the son of America 's second president . Any close election causes raw emotions and the uncertainty from popular/electoral vote splits can undermine the legitimacy of the winner , noted Wendy Schiller , a political science professor at Brown University . That would be especially true this time if Obama , the incumbent , claims victory without getting more overall votes , she said . "  When you look at an incumbent president that ca n't win the popular vote , you look at a guy that 's very hobbled from the start , " Schiller said . "  For governing , it creates a much bigger problem than it does for the legitimacy of the election . " At the same time , she added , it would be hypocritical of Republicans to cry foul when they benefited from the same situation just 12 years ago , saying : "  If you win that way , you have to be prepared to lose that way . " Another factor that could contribute to a popular/electoral vote split is devastation from Superstorm Sandy in states like New York and New Jersey , which were expected to provide strong support for Obama . While the president will still win both , his overall vote total could be lower if turnout is reduced in the aftermath of widespread power outages and structural damage from the storm . Opinion : Obama 's victory wo n't transform America Schiller , however , said the election results would clearly demonstrate such a scenario , providing an explanation for what happened that would soften challenges to the legitimacy of an Obama victory via the Electoral College . "  I do n't see any legitimate claim by either side that the system is n't going to function well , even if you get this distortion , " she said . Electoral College voters , called Electors , will meet on December 17 in their respective states and vote for president and vice president on separate ballots . In the case of a tie between Romney and Obama , the House of Representatives would meet in January to decide the president , with each state getting one vote . The Senate decides the vice president . With the likelihood of a Republican-controlled House and a Democratic-led Senate , an Electoral College tie between Obama and Romney would make possible a split administration , with Romney as president and incumbent Joe Biden as vice president . Share your reaction to the election CNN 's Bill Mears contributed to this report .	Mitt Romney and Barack Obama neck-and-neck in polls Winning the popular vote does n't guarantee the White House Candidates must win 270 electoral votes to prevail The winner of the most votes has lost four times before
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- United States accident investigators are probing two recent failures of airspeed and altitude indications aboard Airbus A330s -- the same type of plane that crashed into the Atlantic nearly a month ago . Investigators are looking into incidents aboard two other Airbus A330s . The planes landed safely and there were no injuries or damage , the National Transportation Safety Board said Thursday . One flight was between the United States and Brazil in May and the other between Hong Kong and Japan in June . The probes were launched in the aftermath of the June 1 crash in the Atlantic Ocean -- when Air France Flight 447 was flying to Paris , France , from Rio de Janeiro , Brazil . All 228 people on board the plane , an A330 , were killed . Investigators are looking at the possible role of airspeed sensors known as pitot tubes , among other factors , as a possible cause of the Flight 447 crash . That flight sent 24 automated error messages in the four minutes before it crashed , the head of the French accident investigation board , Paul-Louis Arslanian , has said . The error messages all indicate there were problems with on-board information about the plane 's speed , which can cause some of the plane 's instruments to stop functioning , Arslanian said . Search teams are looking for the bulk of the plane 's wreckage and for its flight data recorders . The first of the two incidents being investigated by the NTSB happened May 21 , when a TAM Airlines flight from Miami , Florida , to Sao Paulo , Brazil , experienced a loss of primary speed and altitude information while in flight , the NTSB said . "  Initial reports indicate that the flight crew noted an abrupt drop in indicated outside air temperature , followed by the loss of the Air Data Reference System and disconnections of the autopilot and autothrust , along with the loss of speed and altitude information , " the NTSB said . The flight crew used backup instruments and the primary data was restored in about five minutes , the NTSB said . Another "  possibly similar " incident happened June 23 on a Northwest Airlines flight between Hong Kong and Tokyo , Japan , the NTSB said . Investigators from the NTSB are gathering data recorder information , monitoring system messages , crew statements and weather information , the NTSB said .	Probe involves two failures of airspeed and altitude indications aboard A330s On June 1 , an Air France A330 crashed into the Atlantic Investigators are looking at the possible role of airspeed sensors in that crash The planes involved in the other two incidents landed safely
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- An anti-drone activist and journalist from Pakistan is missing after being abducted from his home , his lawyer said Monday . Kareem Khan was seized from his home in Rawalpindi on the night of February 5th , according to attorney Shazad Akbar . He was picked up by 20 men , some of them dressed in police uniforms , Akbar said . "  Kareem Khan was my first client in 2010 against U.S. drone strikes in the tribal areas of Pakistan , " Shahzad told CNN Monday . Shahzad said he lodged a complaint with local police but they denied having picked him up . Khan hails from the tribal area of North Waziristan . He was due to travel to Europe this week to speak to German , Dutch and British parliamentarians about his personal experience with drone strikes , according to Reprieve , a UK-based charity that provides legal support to prisoners unable to pay for it themselves . Khan was also involved in legal proceedings against the Pakistani government concerning its failure to investigate the deaths of his son and brother in a drone strike , the charity said on its website . "  We are very worried about Mr Khan 's safety , " writes Clare Algar , executive director of Reprieve . "  He is a crucial witness to the dangers of the CIA 's covert drone programme , and has simply sought justice for the death of his son and brother through peaceful , legal routes . " Khan spoke to CNN in December 2010 about the airstrike a year earlier that had targeted his home in Machikhel , a village in North Waziristan . Khan said the missiles killed his 35-year-old brother , a teacher with a master 's degree in English literature ; his 18 year-old son , and several others . He filed a $ 500 million lawsuit against the U.S. government . Khan was one of the first people to raise awareness about drone strikes , said Noor Behram , a journalist based in North Waziristan . He said it was a great setback that he had disappeared just before he could raise the issue on an international forum during his Europe trip . Behram said a protest against what describes as Khan 's arrest would be held Tuesday at the press club in the town of Miranshah . Muhammad Saleem reported the story from Islamabad , Chandrika Narayan reported and wrote the story from Atlanta	Pakistani anti-drone campaigner seized from his home , lawyer says Kareem Khan 's brother and son were killed in drone strike Khan was due to travel this week to speak to European parliamentarians
January 23 , 2014 Stories from Switzerland to China headline today 's edition of CNN Student News , as we cover subjects involving civil war and media rights . Afterward , a firefighter shares an idea for an app that could help save lives , though the technology has limitations . And an ice sculptor creates what could be the coolest orchestra ever . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : Where would you go to get information about a country 's human rights record ? How might you determine the credibility of this information ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . Geneva 2 . activist 3 . censor Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . Why are diplomats from around the world gathered in Geneva , Switzerland ? How would you describe the current situation in Syria ? 2 . According to the video : What does China 's constitution say about freedom of the press ? What does it say about the power of the state ? What happened when CNN reporters tried to cover the trial of a prominent Chinese activist in Beijing ? 3 . What are some tasks that firefighter Patrick Johnson wants Google Glass to do ? What are some limitations of the technology when it comes to firefighting ? Discussion Questions : 1 . In your opinion , what solutions might be generated for Syria from the conference in Geneva ? Why do you think that officials there are not expecting a breakthrough regarding this conflict ? 2 . Why do you think the city of Geneva is known as the "  world 's negotiating table " ? How do you think that the city of Geneva has maintained its reputation for neutrality ? Why do you think that a neutral site is important in sensitive negotiations ? 3 . How would you categorize China 's type of government ? What do you know about this form of government ? How does it differ from the type of government you live under ? Why do you think that China 's government might want to control information about activists who speak out against it ? 4 . Do you use any software or apps that help you in your daily life ? If so , what are they ? Do you have any ideas for an app that could improve a person 's quality of life , or even possibly save lives ? Explain . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- Late last month , Michelle Russell somberly walked on a Maui beach in Hawaii to mark her daughter Sarah Skiba 's 20th birthday . Sarah Skiba visited her father , Paul Skiba , every other weekend . For Russell , who last saw Sarah more than a decade ago , when she was just 9 years old , some images will never fade with the passage of time . Russell especially recalls the cold Friday morning in February 1999 when she dropped Sarah off at a bus stop in Westminster , Colorado , for her ride to school . "  She loved to go to school , " Russell said , remembering that Sarah ran for the bus and slipped on ice . "  She skinned her wrist at the bottom of her hand , and she was crying , " Russell said . "  I had a first aid kit and gave her a Band-Aid . " After school that day , Sarah 's father , Paul Skiba , met Sarah to spend the weekend together , a visitation arrangement in place since Russell and Skiba divorced several years earlier . "  Her father picked her up at 3:30 p.m. , " Russell said . "  She visited her father every other weekend . " On Sunday , Sarah joined her father -- who owned a moving company -- and his employee Lorenzo Chivers as they went to a moving job . Watch a report about the case " "  We know they had two moving jobs that day , one in the morning and one in the afternoon , " said Thornton Police Department Sgt. Pat Long , the original investigator on the case . The second job was for a man who lived in Morrison , Colorado . The girl , her father and Chivers left Morrison between 5 and 5:30 p.m. to return the moving truck to the Westminster parking lot where Skiba stored his vehicles , Long says . On the way , a 12-year-old relative of Paul Skiba 's girlfriend , Theresa Donovan , received a call from Sarah . The girl said they were on their way to return the truck and would then come home . But Sarah and her father never made it back to the house he and Donovan shared . Michelle Russell later called police , who initially thought it was a parental abduction , even though Chivers was also missing . "  It was almost three weeks after that that I became involved , " Long said . "  I think we lost some key evidence during the initial time that passed at the scene . " Paul Skiba 's family and friends went to his truck storage lot one week after the girl and the two men went missing and grew suspicious when they found what they believed were two bullet holes in the exteriors of Skiba 's moving trucks , Long said . They also noticed that Skiba 's only functioning truck was not parked quite the way he would have done it himself . "  Paul was adamant that the moving truck always be parked in a certain position , and the way it was found was pulled nose-in and not back-in , " Long said . "  Everyone knows he was anal about the way that truck was parked . " Suspected ambush Long said he thinks there was an attempt to disguise the scene to make it appear that the victims had come back to the lot and left . Investigators from the Thornton Police Department CSI , the Colorado Bureau of Investigation and the Westminster Police Department confirmed that bullets had , in fact , pierced Skiba 's trucks . They also identified blood spatter on the two trucks and blood inside the cab of the truck used in the move . Hair attached to a piece of scalp was found on the hood of Skiba 's moving truck , and additional hair was on the truck 's fender . DNA tests revealed that blood on the ground belonged to Paul and Sarah Skiba . The piece of scalp belonged to Paul . The hair was Sarah 's . "  The pool of blood on the ground looked like motor oil that had spilled , " Long said . Authorities believe that the three were ambushed and killed when they returned the truck to the lot . Police think their bodies were put in the back of Skiba 's moving truck , driven to another location and dumped . Chivers may have been forcibly taken from the lot and then murdered or killed at the lot in a manner that would have produced no evidence , according to police . No bodies were ever found , leaving police to suspect that Chivers was also a victim . "  We did have a witness who saw the truck come back to the lot , " Long said . The truck 's loading ramp , moving blankets and straps were also missing . Chivers ' and Skiba 's personal cars , which they had left at the lot during their Sunday moving jobs , were parked at separate apartment complexes across Denver . Investigators were never able to make a direct link between the victims and those buildings . Skiba was the likely target , they say , and Sarah and Chivers were bystanders . Police have interviewed as many as 80 people , but no arrests have been made . "  In my opinion , I believe we know or we have a strong feeling who is involved in the murders , " Long said , declining to say more or disclose the possible motive . A tragic anniversary Meanwhile , Russell has been doing her part to help solve the tragic mystery . "  I 've done air , water and land searches , door-to-door searches , you name it , " she said . She has also raised $ 50,000 in reward money for information leading to an arrest and conviction in Sarah 's disappearance and apparent murder . "  This being the 10-year anniversary , we just really wanted to get a lot of focus on this case again and find my daughter and what has happened to her , " Russell said . On the beach , Russell did things she knew her daughter would enjoy . She even brought cupcakes . "  We went for a walk , drove around . ... I was on my own , but I was with her , " Russell said . "  It 's pretty sad when the guest of honor is nowhere to be found . " In her short time , Sarah celebrated life with sports , learning and music . "  Sarah sang as soon as she got up each morning , as well as at the dinner table , in the bathroom and to pet her dogs , " Russell said . ' ` They were like her siblings , " she added , explaining that Sarah was an only child . "  Someone took her away from me unjustly . I 'm not going to sleep until I know why . " Anyone with more information is asked to call the Westminster Police Department at 303 658-2400 .	Sarah Skiba and father went missing in 1999 , along with employee Lorenzo Chivers DNA tests show pool of blood on the ground belonged to Sarah and her father Police have interviewed as many as 80 people , but no arrests have been made "  Someone took her away from me unjustly , " Sarah 's mother says
The increased number of U.S. airstrikes against ISIS in the Syrian city of Kobani reflects more targets of opportunity , not a change in the campaign against the vicious Islamist group , a Pentagon spokesman said Thursday . The strikes are helping Kurdish fighters on the ground push back ISIS militants in the Syrian town , according to sources there . "  There 's been no strategic shift here , as far as I know , at least from the military perspective , about Kobani or any other town , " Rear Adm. John Kirby said , making a unique appearance at the State Department 's daily briefing . In recent weeks , administration and U.S. defense officials have said it was n't essential to keep the city , not far from the border with Turkey , from becoming the latest in Syria to fall into ISIS hands . "  We never said Kobani did n't matter , " Kirby said . "  What makes Kobani matter for us from an airstrike perspective is that  ISIS is  there , and that they want it . " Kirby said the number of airstrikes in Syria or Iraq depends on how "  target rich " an area is . The past few days around Kobani have seen more ISIS targets , he said . There are more ISIS fights there with more force , Kirby said . U.S. fighter jets conducted at least 14 raids near Kobani on Wednesday and Thursday , according to U.S. Central Command . Initial reports show the strikes hit 19 ISIS buildings and 10 other targets , including command posts , sniper positions and a staging location , the U.S. military said . According to CNN 's math , that makes 122 strikes on the city , most of any town in what the military recently labeled Operation Inherent Resolve . Street by street The battle for Kobani has become a street fight over control of hills and neighborhoods and witnessed by TV cameras pointed there from Turkey . These strikes on small targets in Kobani , such as sniper positions , are "  tactical " in nature -- without the widespread "  strategic " affect against ISIS that U.S. officials have said is the foundation for the U.S. operation in Syria , a senior U.S. military official told CNN 's Barbara Starr . "  It 's not ` whack-a-mole , ' " Kirby said . "  The idea is n't to just put a warhead on a forehead every single day . The idea is to try to get at their ability to sustain themselves and to disrupt their strategy . " One Kurdish fighter told CNN Thursday that ISIS has been forced from many parts of the city , but still controls some key buildings including the hospital and the important Asayish building in the middle of Kobani , which served as headquarters for the Kurdish People 's Protection Units , or YPG . Kurdish forces have control of the southwest entrance of the city and have taken some buildings back from ISIS fighters in one neighborhood , next to the heavily contested eastern industrial area of the city . The airstrikes over the past few days have helped Kurdish YPG fighters turn into an offensive rather than a defensive force , one activist said . But , he adds , "  there is still street fighting in the east and in the south " of Kobani . "  This is an infantry battle now and traditional reconnaissance does not work , " said Anthony Cordesman with the Center for Strategic and International Studies . It 's hard to get correct information , making the results of the airstrikes indecisive , he said . A U.S. Defense officials told CNN that good weather played a role in the Kobani airstrikes , because the targets were readily located by overhead surveillance . In Iraq on the other hand , bad weather has forced a slowdown in strikes , the official said . Joint Chiefs chairman : ' I do n't see ' Baghdad falling ISIS pushing ahead in Iraq ? Militants have tightened their grip over an area about 15 miles south of Fallujah , an Anbar province official said Thursday . ISIS has brought many of its fighters , armed with heavy weaponry and machinery , in order to attack and control the town of Amiryat al-Falluja , the head of the town 's council , Shaker Mahmoud , said Thusday . Mahmoud urged the Iraqi government to send military reinforcements to support the security forces inside the town . Obama on ISIS : Expect ` long-term campaign ' ISIS advances have slowed and the group has changed formation , communication and tactics making them "  harder to hit , " Kirby said . He called for "  strategic patience " in measuring the success of the operation . Militants continue to surround a major airbase in the Iraq 's Anbar province and U.S. officials say they 're continuing airstrikes there to help Iraqi forces . "  In Anbar province , our hope is to stop or halt that tactical initiative and momentum that they  ISIS  have , " Gen. John Allen , the special presidential envoy on ISIS , said Wednesday . It is clear that ISIS "  has made substantial gains in Iraq , " he said . A senior U.S. military official told CNN the fight in Anbar is "  very tough , " but "  Iraqi forces are holding their own in some places . " U.S. officials do not see the Ein Al-Assad military base in Anbar on the verge of being overrun by ISIS , the official said . Opinion : Why we must talk to the bad guys -- even ISIS ISIS car bomb in Baghdad At least five people were killed and 15 were injured when two car bombs exploded in the al-Hurriya Shiite neighborhood in Baghdad Thursday , according to police . At least two people died when another car bomb exploded at a security checkpoint near al-Talbiya Bridge in eastern Baghdad . ISIS released a statement claiming responsibility for the bombings .	U.S. jets are increasing bombing of Kobani due to heavier ISIS presence Pentagon says that does n't mean U.S. strategy is shifting on the city 's value 14 U.S. airstrikes on ISIS positions in Kobani help Kurdish fighters turn the tide , activist says ISIS gaining ground in Iraq 's Anbar province , local official says
San Angelo , Texas  CNN  -- Warren Jeffs ' nephew and niece testified Saturday during his sentencing phase about the alleged abuse they suffered at his hands . The polygamist sect leader was convicted this week on two counts of sexual assault on a child . Brent Jeffs , 28 , told jurors that his uncle raped him when he was 5 years old . "  He began to tell me that we were going to do God 's will , " he said Jeffs told him . "  This is between me , you and God . " Three jurors wiped tears from their eyes as Brent spoke , his voice breaking with emotion . Several also cried during the niece 's testimony , in which she described an incident that allegedly occurred between her and Jeffs when she was 7 years old . "  He made me sit on his lap , " she testified , and did "  inappropriate things to me . " She was crying so hard at one point that the prosecutor stopped questioning . Neither side pressed her for details . CNN is withholding the niece 's name because she is the alleged victim of a sexual assault . Brent Jeffs has published a book about his life and has previously been public about the allegations against his uncle . Prosecutors say the penalty phase of the trial could last several days . The leader of the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints faces a maximum sentence of life in prison on his conviction of sexually assaulting a 12-year-old and a 15-year-old who were his "  spiritual wives . " Jurors convicted him of two counts of sexual assault on a child -- charges filed after a 2008 raid on a ranch his church operates near Eldorado , Texas . Texas Ranger Jesse Valdez and Ezra Draper , who left the FLDS in 2003 , also testified Saturday . Valdez identified a number of documents seized during the 2008 raid . Draper said he attended Alta Academy between 1978 and 1987 , when Jeffs was principal . He described being summoned to Jeffs ' office and receiving a lecture about his behavior , after Jeffs found out that Draper liked a girl at the school and had exchanged notes with her . Using a yardstick , Jeffs stroked the inside of Draper 's thighs , tapping his crotch three times , Draper said . Jeffs then told him : "  Better that one of your members be cut off than the whole body be cast into hell , " Draper testified . He went on to describe changes that Jeffs made to the FLDS , such as banning parades , dances , music and even the color red . During the hearing Friday , Jeffs said he objected to the introduction of items seized in the raid and documents that should get "  religious protection . " He requested to be excused from the sentencing phase to avoid hearing his religion degraded . Jeffs remained outside the courtroom Saturday . "  I am God . Cease . Do not present my holy ways as a thing of naught , " the self-proclaimed prophet said before he left court Friday . "  Hear my warning as a full awakening . Let my holy way be of freedom . " Deric Walpole , one of the defense attorneys Jeffs had fired earlier in trial , is representing him during the penalty phase . Jeffs represented himself during the guilt-innocence phase of the trial . He was silent during most of his 30-minute closing argument Thursday , mumbling at one point , "  I am at peace . " Texas prosecutors rested their case Wednesday after playing a key piece of evidence for jurors : a 20-minute audiotape that began and ended with a man saying a prayer . Prosecutors alleged that the recording was of Jeffs ' sexual assault of a then-12-year-old girl in the presence of three other "  wives . " The girl had grown up at Jeffs ' Yearning for Zion ranch , authorities said . Prosecutors showed the jury a photo of her with her arms around Jeffs , and a marriage certificate that listed the girl 's age as 12 at the time . Jurors also heard audio recordings that prosecutors said showed Jeffs instructing a 14-year-old and his other young "  wives " on how to sexually please him in order to win God 's favor . Prosecutors said the 14-year-old was Jeffs ' "  spiritual wife " and conceived a child with Jeffs when she was 15 . Jeffs could be sentenced to five years to life in prison on the charge of aggravated sexual assault regarding the alleged 12-year-old . For the other count , he could face a sentence of two to 20 years . Jeffs ' breakaway sect is believed to have about 10,000 followers . Their practice of polygamy , which the mainstream Mormon Church renounced more than a century ago , is part of the sect 's doctrine . In Session 's Beth Karas , Grace Wong and Jim Kyle contributed to this report .	NEW : Jeffs ' niece , sobbing , tells jurors she was sexually assaulted by her uncle Jeffs requests to be excused to avoid hearing his religion degraded Prosecutors say the penalty phase of the trial could last several days The polygamist sect leader faces a maximum sentence of life in prison
WIRED  -- In the time it takes your computer to boot up , you can probably make some toast or a cup of tea before the thing is ready to use . In the near future , you might only have enough time to take a sip of that tea or check your watch . Do you get impatient waiting for your computer to start up ? Manufacturers say they 're working on that . Mindful of how frustrating the wait is , makers of PCs ' basic input/output systems  BIOS  are working on bringing instant-on computing closer to reality with promises of significantly faster boot time . "  People want PCs to be like their toaster . Push a button and it is ready , " says Steve Jones , vice-president and chief scientist of core systems at Phoenix Technologies , one of the biggest BIOS makers . The BIOS is the first piece of code that a computer runs when it is powered on . Before Windows or Linux can start , the BIOS identifies , tests and gets system devices such as the video display card , the hard disk and other hardware up and running . But running the tests every time the machine powers on can be time consuming . At Intel 's developer conference last month , Phoenix announced that the latest version of its BIOS could boot in just about a second by cutting out redundant checks and creating a smarter version of the firmware . Of course , that still leaves the time that it takes Windows to start up , but Microsoft has been working on that , too , and claims that Windows 7 starts up in about 20 seconds , compared to the 50 seconds or so for Vista . The faster boot time will help users , says Nathan Brookwood , a research fellow at market research and consulting company Insight 64 . But even with Microsoft 's improvements , he says , it is still nearly a minute before the user is completely up and running . "  Every software application today wants to go out there and check for the latest version on boot up , which just gets in the way of what you really want to do . And that is check e-mail , " he says . Shrinking this digital annoyance is the new quest for PC makers . For most people , computers today have become as much a consumer electronics product as TVs , cellphones and DVD players . That means , consumers expect the same kind of instant response from their computers are they get from other electronics devices . "  If you pick up a phone , you expect to instantly hear a tone , " says Jones . "  That 's the future for computers , too . " Jones says the ' I am ready for use ' signaling is an important psychological factor for consumers . "  Bell Labs worked hard on this . They figured if you pick up the phone and did n't hear something within 250 milliseconds , then you would be pretty uncomfortable with the device , " he says . On PCs , that signaling time has been much longer . Boot-up on PCs is split into two chunks : the BIOS boot up , which is the time taken from pressing the power on button to the time BIOS finishes booting , also known as pre-boot , and the time taken for the operating system to load . Today , this can take anywhere from a minute to nearly three minutes . And that can feel like eternity for users . "  Lots of users today just press the power button and then grab a cup of coffee , " says Brookwood . "  If the line at Starbucks is n't too long , the system will be ready by the time they 're back . " The BIOS has been part of PCs since the first IBM PC in 1981 . The firmware initializes every computer to a point where an operating system can come along and with no knowledge of the machine start running . "  The BIOS is doing a lot more than waking up the machine and handing it a cup of coffee in the morning , " says Brian Richardson , senior technical marketing engineer , for American Megatrends Inc. , a major BIOS maker . "  It provides a layer so you can buy a PC , take it home , wipe the configuration clean , change it and do it 100 times a day and your OS will still start up . " Running the hardware checks takes time . About 15 years ago , the BIOS firmware in PCs would take up to two minutes to boot . Finding that customers were becoming impatient with the boot times , PC makers started pressing for PCs to be more like appliances with their ability to be switched on instantly . "  Electronics are not supposed to warm up anymore , " says Richardson . "  So we have been trying to shrink the time it takes to get the machine ready . " BIOS boot times can vary depending on configuration of the PC : More memory and more cards mean it will take longer . Increasingly , operating systems , such as Microsoft 's Windows , run initial checkups on boot to verify system details and ensure the most updated versions of the software is loaded . In other words , the OS is doing some of the work that the BIOS traditionally has done . "  Effectively what BIOS makers are saying is that if the OS is not going to believe us anyway , why bother ? " says Brookwood . That 's why PC makers are pinning their hopes on a new standard called Unified Extensible Firmware Interface . UEFI hopes to improve the intelligence of the BIOS so it does n't have to perform all checks every time the computer is powered on . Ultimately , the idea is to run fewer initializations as the computer boots . Phoenix and AMI say there are some machines already whose BIOS is based on the UEFI standard for quicker boot but it will be late next year before a majority of PCs have it . And unlike the BIOS , which is tied to Intel 's x86 processor architecture , UEFI will not be specific to any processor architecture . Microsoft 's upcoming Windows 7 operating system has also laid out some criteria for PC manufacturers to get hardware aligned in a way that they can meet the company 's standards . Microsoft has set a criteria of five seconds for BIOS boot time and 20 seconds for the operating system to boot . That 's still nowhere near the instant-on computing dream and promises of faster BIOS risks setting unrealistic expectations among consumers , says Brookwood . There 's a way to get instant-on . It 's called the sleep mode . "  People assume they get instant-on with their cellphones but no one reboots their cellphone everyday , " says Richardson . "  So one form of instant-on is never to turn it off . " Another route to quick boot is to do what Dell has done with its latest notebook . Dell 's newly launched Latitude Z offers instant boot to check e-mail , calendar , contacts and the web as part of a mode called ` Latitude On . ' In it the PC boots from a special chipset running an ARM processor , the same kind of CPU that powers most cellphones , and a slimmed down version of the Linux operating system . The Latitude On mode comes with its own power on/off button . Users can click on an adjacent power button to switch to Windows OS . That gives consumers options , says Robert Thomson , product manager for Latitude Z at Dell . "  When you directly go to the Latitude On mode , you never bring up the main operating system , " he says "  And when you turn it off , it goes into the suspend mode , which is not like that of Vista or XP but more like what you see in cellphones . " At $ 2000 , the Latitude Z laptop is a pricey answer to the problem of a two-minute boot up time for PCs . And it does n't give users access to all features and programs that run on Windows OS such as Microsoft Word or Power Point . That 's why , Brookwood advocates just staying away from the power off button as much as you can . "  Most systems today have the ability to go to sleep as opposed to being turned off , " says Brookwood . "  Too many users do n't understand that . " Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2009 Wired.com .	Computer makers are working on bringing instant-on computing closer to reality Makers of PCs ' basic input/output systems  BIOS  promise much faster boot times One maker says its latest version of BIOS can boot in just about a second Consumers now expect instant response from many of their electronics devices
BudgetTravel.com  -- To whet your appetite for earning miles  without flying !  , several major airlines are offering sign-up bonuses this fall for their mileage dining programs . Your favorite restaurant might offer from 1 to 10 miles for every dollar you spend . But are those miles enough to justify the logistical hassle of signing up and dining at designated restaurants ? The value of these programs depends on 1  taking advantage of some of the current sign-up bonuses ; 2  having at least one participating restaurant near where you live and that you might dine at every other month ; and 3  using the mile activity as a way to keep your frequent flier accounts active . Budget Travel : Southwest waters down its rapid rewards program One of the biggest things to change in the past year for these programs has been the development of smartphone apps . Now , instead of having to bring along a clunky , quickly outdated paper directory of participating restaurants , you can get a real-time list of what spots will earn you miles . Another change in recent years has been consolidation in the industry , with only one company Rewards Network , running all of the major programs . This change has allowed programs to become simplified and standardized . If a restaurant participates in the program for United , it probably also does for Delta , too , and you can use the same downloadable app for your smart phone to figure it out . If you have more than one dining card , you can double up on your rewards . Here 's the lowdown on how these programs work : It 's free to sign up for a dining card that gives airline credit every time you use it . Rewards Network , for instance , will  typically  give you three United miles for every mile you spend at a restaurant . At a value of about a penny a mile , that credit amounts to a 5 percent rebate on a family of four 's typical restaurant check . Compared with some charge-cards , that 's a decent mileage payoff . No wonder more than 3 million travelers are enrolled in these programs . All the dining programs work in a similar way . You sign up online for free at the sites  see the list , below  , punching in your frequent flier number and registering a debit or credit card  American Express , Discover , MasterCard , Visa .  Use the card to pay your bill  including food , beverage , tax and tip  at a participating restaurant , and then miles will be automatically credited to your frequent flier account . No need to tell the waiter . As I mentioned , sign-up bonuses can juice up your earnings . To use United as an example again because it 's so large , its dining program currently offers 1,000 mile bonus for signing up and spending at least $ 50 at a participating restaurant by the end of the year . Budget Travel : Ads on boarding passes -- Are airlines sharing your info ? These are the sweetest bonuses being offered now : Alaska Airlines Bonus : Earn an additional 500 miles if you spend $ 25 at a participating restaurant within a month of signing up . Delta Bonus : Earn 1,000 miles if you spend $ 25 at a participating restaurants within a month of signing up . Southwest Rapid Rewards Dining Bonus : Spend $ 25 at participating restaurants within two months of signing up and you 'll receive 300 points United Bonus : Earn 1,000 miles extra for signing up and spending at least $ 50 at a participating restaurant by the end of the year . US Airways Bonus : Earn 1,000 points if you spend $ 25 or more on two different occasions between now and the end of the year at participating restaurants . Another perk of dining cards : It 's a no-sweat way to keep your frequent flier mileage accounts active and prevent the qualifying miles you earn by actually flying from expiring after the typical 18-month span .  Miles will usually be deleted if an account is stagnant for 18 months . The first step in deciding if the programs are worth it to you is to see if local restaurants that you love participate . It 's understandable to be suspicious that restaurants must be bad to have to throw 5 miles per dollar at you to eat at them . But because of the recession many eateries are becoming more competitive . You can always ask a waiter , of course , to see if the restaurant participates . Or you can download a free app to find participating restaurants . The largest dining club program , Rewards Network is a good example to use , as the major airlines United/Continental , American , Delta , Southwest , and US Airways all belong . Find a participating restaurant by downloading one of these free apps : Blackberry , iPhone/iPad , Android There are some annoying downsides to the programs , though : One is that you can often only earn credit once per month  or a similar limit  at any one restaurant . The other is that , if you 're not careful in the e-mail preferences you fill out , you could be blitzed with messages from participating restaurants . If you block the e-mails , however , you could get only one mile per $ 1 spent -- or worse , maybe even nothing . The things a budget-conscious traveler has to put up with these days ! Budget Travel : How do you use a cell phone boarding pass at the metal detector ? Get the best travel deals and tips emailed to you FREE - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2011 Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. , all rights reserved .	Major airlines are offering sign-up bonuses this fall for their mileage dining programs Dining cards are an easy way to keep your frequent flier accounts active Alaska , Delta , United , Southwest and US Airways are all participating
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The dramatic drop in violence in Iraq is due in large part to a secret program the U.S. military has used to kill terrorists , according to a new book by Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist Bob Woodward . Bob Woodward 's book , "  The War Within : Secret White House History 2006-2008 , " came out Monday . The program -- which Woodward compares to the World War II era Manhattan Project that developed the atomic bomb -- must remain secret for now or it would "  get people killed , " Woodward said Monday on CNN 's Larry King Live . "  It is a wonderful example of American ingenuity solving a problem in war , as we often have , " Woodward said . In "  The War Within : Secret White House History 2006-2008 , " Woodward disclosed the existence of secret operational capabilities developed by the military to locate , target and kill leaders of al Qaeda in Iraq and other insurgent leaders . National security adviser Stephen Hadley , in a written statement reacting to Woodward 's book , acknowledged the new strategy . Yet he disputed Woodward 's conclusion that the "  surge " of 30,000 U.S. troops into Iraq was not the primary reason for the decline in violent attacks . "  It was the surge that provided more resources and a security context to support newly developed techniques and operations , " Hadley wrote . Woodward , associate editor of the Washington Post , wrote that along with the surge and the new covert tactics , two other factors helped reduce the violence . Watch Bob Woodward explain the strategy " One was the decision of militant cleric Muqtada al-Sadr to order a cease-fire by his Mehdi Army . The other was the "  Anbar Awakening " movement that saw Sunni tribes aligning with U.S. troops to battle al Qaeda in Iraq . Woodward told Larry King that while there is a debate over how much credit the new secret operations should get for the drop in violence , he concluded it "  accounts for a good portion . " "  I would somewhat compare it to the Manhattan Project in World War II , " he said "  It 's a ski slope right down in a matter of months , cutting the violence in half . This is n't going to happen with the bunch of joint security stations or the surge . " The top secret operations , he said , will "  some day in history ... be described to people 's amazement . " While he would not reveal the details , Woodward said the terrorists who have been targeted were already aware of the capabilities . "  The enemy has a heads up because they 've been getting wiped out and a lot of them have been killed , " he said . "  It 's not news to them . "  If you were a member of al Qaeda or the resistance or some extremist militia , you would be wise to get your rear end out of town , " Woodward said . "  It is very dangerous . "	Program likened to WWII-era Manhattan Project that developed the atomic bomb Author discloses the existence of secret operational capabilities in latest book National security advisor disputes Woodward 's conclusion about the Iraq surge
CNN  -- The United Nations is demanding full access to refugee camps that are home to an estimated quarter of a million people fleeing war in Sri Lanka , the United Nations Children 's Fund said Tuesday . Displaced Tamil civilians at Manic farm in the northern Sri Lankan district of Vavuniya on May 7 , 2009 "  People are arriving into camps sick , malnourished and some with untended wounds of war , " UNICEF Executive Director Ann Veneman said in a written statement . " ... Water and sanitation needs are critical . " About 65,000 people have fled what had been the fighting zone in northeast Sri Lanka over the past few days , the United Nations said Monday , bringing to 265,000 the number of internally displaced people . The refugees were trying to escape what appear to be the final days of one of the world 's longest-running civil wars . Watch UK ambassador describe trial " Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa declared victory Tuesday in the country 's 25-year civil war against the Tamil Tiger rebels . "  We are celebrating the defeat of terrorism , " he said in a nationally televised speech before parliament . "  We have won and restored democracy in the country . " A short time after the presidential address , the military announced that it had recovered the body of Tamil Tiger founder and leader Velupillai Prabhakaran . A local television station aired video it said showed his body . Watch a report on Prabhakaran 's alleged death " The "  psychopathic leader of the world 's most barbaric terrorist outfit ... has been found , " said Gen. Sarath Fonseka , commander of the Sri Lankan army , according to the Ministry of Defense Web site . But earlier in the day , the pro-rebel Web site TamilNet reported that the Tigers ' leader was "  alive and safe , " countering previous military claims . The Defense Ministry said Prabhakaran and 18 other senior rebel leaders were among the bodies found in mop-up operations , after government troops routed the Tigers -- formally known as the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam . CNN has been unable to independently confirm the accounts because of access and safety reasons . International aid agencies have been trying to provide services to the hundreds of thousands forced out of their homes by the violence . Watch aid agencies fear for Sri Lanka " UNICEF and others are supplying food and water , emergency health kits , cooking pots , water purification tablets , and student and teacher kits , the agency said . But "  it is reported that access to some camps for internally displaced persons within Sri Lanka has become restricted , " UNICEF chief Veneman said , prompting her call for full access . The Office of the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees on Monday vowed to erect an additional 10,000 shelters to accommodate people streaming from the combat zone . It reiterated its request for the Sri Lankan government to set aside land for the construction of emergency shelters , water and sanitation facilities and public buildings in Vavuniya , Jaffna , Mannar and Kilinochchi . And it called on the government to improve conditions at 42 sites already hosting displaced people and to ensure they be adequately cared for . But the United Nations said its access to the sites in Vavuniya had been curtailed in recent days "  and this affects our ability to monitor and distribute aid to the displaced . We hope this ends quickly . " Suresh Bartlett , Sri Lankan director for aid agency World Vision , said , "  The conventional war may be over , but the real challenge now is to foster an environment where fractured and displaced Tamil communities can heal and have a real chance at creating a future for themselves and their children . " Among the pressing issues , he said , is getting people as quickly as possible back to their land and homes . In some cases , that will require that land be demined and buildings be repaired , he said . About 80,000 of the displaced -- a third of the people in camps -- are children , who need emotional , psychosocial and educational support in addition to physical aid , he said . Estimates put the number of civilians killed in the conflict at 70,000 to 80,000 since it began in July 1983 , but Bartlett acknowledged that the true number may never be known . Journalist Iqbal Athas contributed to this report .	U.N. demanding full access to refugee camps , home to people fleeing civil war Camps are home to an estimated quarter of a million people 65,000 people have fled fighting over past few days ; 265,000 now internally displaced U.N. says its access to camps in Vavuniya had been curtailed in recent days
CNN  -- Antoine "  Bed Intruder " Dodson , the man whose TV news rant against a would-be rapist became a viral music video and his ticket to celebrity , was arrested for marijuana possession , according to Alabama authorities . Judging by his tweets , Dodson , 24 , is n't all that upset about it . "  Let me be the first to tell it !! " So just got out of jail off a weak charge !!! , " Dodson said in a Saturday afternoon tweet . "  Got pulled over in my Benz and they got me ... I never been in jail except that time in grade school . " Dodson used an Internet acronym , part of which typically means , "  rolling on the ... floor " laughing . The Madison County Sheriff 's Office website confirmed Dodson was arrested for possession of marijuana and four other minor charges early Saturday morning . He was booked into the county jail at 2:30 a.m. and was later released . Dodson became famous on "  YouTube " after speaking to a local television news station about a break-in at his sister 's apartment . His local news interview was produced into a music video that went viral . The hit spawned multiple covers including an a cappella version performed by a university singing group . Dodson performed "  Bed Intruder " at the 2010 BET Hip-Hop Awards last October . CNN 's Rick Martin contributed to this report	Dodson laughs over Saturday arrest His Internet stardom comes after his TV news interview about an intruder Police say Dodson was arrested for marijuana possession , other minor offenses
CNN  -- A former "  enemy combatant " who was held in a South Carolina Naval brig for six years with no charges was sentenced Thursday to eight years and four months in prison , a Justice Department spokesman said . Ali al-Marri pleaded guilty in federal court in Illinois in May to conspiring to provide material support to a terrorist organization . He could have received a maximum of 15 years in prison . "  This administration is committed to bringing terrorists to justice for their crimes , " Justice Department spokesman Dean Boyd said . "  Al-Marri , who has been in U.S. custody since December 2001 , was dispatched by the highest levels of al Qaeda to carry out its terrorist objectives in America . " A defense attorney for the Qatari citizen , who had been a student at Bradley University in Peoria , Illinois , when he was arrested , said the judge ruled on a lesser sentence to reflect the nearly six years al-Marri already spent at the Naval brig in Charleston , South Carolina . "  We 're pleased with the result , " said the attorney , Larry Lustberg . "  Mr. al-Marri is also very pleased . " Al-Marri was transferred to a federal prison in Illinois in March after President Obama ordered a review of his case . The case was ultimately referred to the Justice Department , which filed charges . The Pentagon said he trained at a terror camp in Afghanistan , met al Qaeda leaders Osama bin Laden and Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and "  volunteered for a martyr mission , " according to court documents filed earlier in the case . According to a copy of his plea agreement , al-Marri admitted that he "  knowingly conspired and agreed with Khalid Sheikh Mohammed " to provide support to al Qaeda and to work under the organization 's direction and control . "  Between 1998 and 2001 , the defendant attended various training camps because he wished to engage in jihad , " the document said . While in the training camps and in al Qaeda safe houses in Pakistan , he was known by the name Abdul-Rahman al-Qatari , according to the plea agreement . Mohammed approached al-Marri in 2001 about his offer to assist al Qaeda , the plea agreement said . "  The defendant was instructed by Khalid Sheikh Mohammed to enter the United States no later than September 10 , 2001 , with an understanding that he was to remain in the United States for an undetermined length of time , " the documents said . Al-Marri applied to Bradley using the same e-mail address he used to communicate with Mohammed , the plea agreement said . At Bradley , he "  rarely attended classes and was in a failing status by the end of his first semester . " On September 21 , 2001 , al-Marri traveled to another central Illinois university and created five e-mail accounts under different aliases , the documents said . "  By this time , the defendant knew that al Qaeda was responsible for the September 11 , 2001 , attacks on the United States and fully understood why Khalid Sheikh Mohammed had directed him to be in the United States before that date . " He used the new e-mail accounts to inform Mohammed of his whereabouts and activities , and also gave him his cell phone number in encoded format , according to the plea agreement . In addition , he conducted online research "  related to various cyanide compounds . The defendant 's focus was on various cyanide substances ... the defendant reviewed toxicity levels , the locations where these items could be purchased , and specific pricing of the compounds , " the documents said . He also explored obtaining sulfuric acid . An almanac found at al-Marri 's residence was bookmarked "  at pages showing dams , waterways and tunnels in the United States , " the plea agreement said . Al-Marri initially was arrested on credit card fraud charges in December 2001 . But his continued confinement without charges mushroomed into a major legal case before federal prosecutors filed charges in February . The Supreme Court ruled on March 6 that al-Marri 's case was rendered moot by a decision to indict him on federal conspiracy charges , and granted the Obama administration 's request to dismiss his challenge of the president 's unilateral authority to detain him indefinitely without charges . He was transferred to civilian custody and taken to Illinois in March . The court 's ruling , however , meant that the larger constitutional issue of the president 's power to detain accused terrorists and other criminals in the United States remains unresolved . CNN 's Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	Ali al-Marri sentenced for charges of conspiring to provide support to terrorism His lawyers wanted a lighter sentence because he was held without charges for six years Al-Marri sentenced to eight years and four months ; faced 15 years Prosecutors say al-Marri volunteered for "  martyr mission , " met bin Laden
CNN  -- Friday , President Barack Obama walked into the White House briefing room and gave the American people his thoughts on the Trayvon Martin case . His comments were striking in their honesty and in their personal nature . He did n't lecture . He was n't angry . He was reflective . He spoke about his personal experiences , and the shared experiences of so many others . He called for respect for the process and the verdict , but used the remarks as an opportunity to help others understand why so many people were angry . He said that 35 ago , "  Trayvon Martin could have been me . " He started a national conversation . And -- in the most predictable and disappointing fashion -- he became a lightning rod for criticism from his political opponents . Within moments of his speech , cable news and Twitter was full of comments from the right questioning the president 's motives and words . He was called divisive . He was accused of fanning the flames of discontent . Some said that by raising this issue , he was not being a president for everyone , just for African-Americans . Those criticisms could not be more sad . Nor could they be more off base . Because while Obama 's comments may have been focused on some of the racial divisions we face as a nation , to me his remarks were about so much more . They were about all of the divisions we face . There are far too many stereotypes and bigotries that divide us on a daily basis . Far too many people of different backgrounds who feel targeted , mocked , or looked down upon by others . Obama 's comments do n't just speak to the young black man who worries he 's being followed , or who sees other people look at him with fear . He spoke to the young Sikh-American man who is called a "  terrorist " on the street or stared at with fear for wearing a turban publicly . He spoke to the young Indian-American man , born and raised in this country , who is mocked and called a racial slur and told "  welcome to America " by a U.S. senator because his skin color is a little darker . He spoke to the servicewoman who wears our nation 's uniform but finds that the greatest threat might come from male colleagues . He spoke to the young woman who walks down the street and feels the need to cover up because of all the eyes "  checking out " her body . He spoke to the young Hispanic-American who is assumed to be an illegal immigrant just because of his or her last name . And yes , he spoke to the white Americans who feel fear that of being robbed when approached by a young black man . The fact is we do still have divisions in this country based on racism . And sexism . And ageism . And more "  isms " than any of us care to admit . So when the president says "  Trayvon Martin could have been me , " of course that 's somewhat about race . But not entirely . Those misconceptions about him and the fear Martin felt that night are all too familiar to way too many Americans . Trayvon Martin could have been any of us . Obama has been the recipient of more than his fair share of attacks . But Friday 's were -- for me -- some of the most disappointing I 've witnessed since he took office . Not everything needs to be a fight . We ought to be able to have nonpoliticized conversations about issues that are this important . Sometimes , rather than throw a punch , it might be more productive to just join the conversation . Friday was one of those days . And unless we have more conversations like the one the president advocates -- and until we realize it 's a conversation that we all are a part of -- we 'll wo n't every fully get to a place where we are finally judged purely on "  the content of our character . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mo Elleithee .	Mo Elliethee : Obama offered thoughts on Zimmerman case ; shared own experiences He says he was quickly criticized as racially divisive ; it 's sad how far from truth this is He says Obama was speaking to divisions we all face Elliethee : Not everything has to be a fight . Why not talk about issues ?
CNN  A house is just a house , right ? Even the increasingly popular tiny houses look like standard houses , reduced in size . But some houses are so far outside of the box , they 're worth a trip to see . Here are eight of the most unusual houses around the United States : Pickle Barrel House Museum in Grand Marais , Michigan Have you ever found yourself in a pickle ? Cartoonist William Donahey came pretty close when he took up residence in a house shaped like a pickle barrel . Built in 1926 as a summer home for Donahey , Grand Marais , Michigan 's Pickle Barrel House now holds a seasonal museum open from June to September . Donahey allowed Monarch Food Company to use his popular "  Teenie Weenie " cartoon characters on their pickle jar labels , and out of gratitude Monarch 's parent company commissioned the house for Donahey 's family to use , building him a much larger version of the barrels their pickles were sold in . Purchased in 2003 and restored by the Michigan Historical Society , the museum is on the National Register of Historic Places . Visitors can also take a stroll through the Historic Iris Preservation Society 's Display Garden found on the property , with free admission to the museum and garden . 10 spectacular U.S. waterfalls Gold Pyramid House in Wadsworth , Illinois Some people have a guard dog . This house has a pharaoh standing watch . With the enormous statue of Ramses II in front of it , the 6-story , 17,000 square foot Gold Pyramid House in Wadsworth , Illinois , transports visitors back to ancient Egypt . In the 1970s "  pyramid power " was a popular trend , with some people believing in the supernatural powers of the pyramids . Jim and Linda Onan were two such people , and at the time , their house was full of pyramids . Linda used to joke to her husband that he should build their next house in a pyramid shape so she could stop looking at all of the little ones inside of it , and in 1977 he did , painting it gold and surrounding it by a moat . Visitors can tour the pyramid and public areas of the home , which are decorated in an ancient Egyptian style to match the exterior of the house , visit a replica of King Tut 's tomb and hear a presentation about the history of the gilded pyramid . Admission for adults is $ 15 , children 17 and under are $ 10 . Shoe House in Hellam , Pennsylvania There was an old lady who lived in a shoe . But in this case , it was a shoe salesman , who built the eye-catching Shoe House in Hellam , Pennsylvania . Standing 25 feet tall and 48 feet long , the giant shoe was created as a structural advertisement almost 70 years ago . Creator and shoe salesman Mahlon N. Haines originally used it as a guest house . With five different levels inside , the house has three bedrooms , two bathrooms , a kitchen and a living room . The house is open for tours from June through October , but private tours are available in the winter and spring . Tour prices are $ 4.50 for adults and $ 3 for children ages 4 to 7 . Winchester Mystery House in San Jose , California Winchester rifle heir Sarah Winchester believed that spirits haunted her , and it took her 35 years to build an elaborate Victorian mansion that she believed would confuse those ghostly apparitions . Completed in 1919 , the seven-story , 160-room Winchester Mystery House in San Jose , California , has secret passageways , upside down columns and other oddities that the superstitious Winchester believed would bedevil those tormenting spirits . The mystery house hosts guided tours for brave visitors who are fond of the supernatural . There are three different tours available , with prices starting at $ 27 for adults and $ 24 for children . Mary 's Gone Wild Glass House in New Brunswick , North Carolina People find a variety of ways to recycle old bottles , but covering an entire house in them might be a first . Visitors to New Brunswick , North Carolina 's coast will stumble upon Mary 's Gone Wild glass bottle house and folk garden , located only 5 miles from the ocean . Growing up , Mary Paulsen was known as the neighborhood doll repair woman , collecting discarded dolls and fixing them up . As an adult , she turned her yard into a village for her 6,000 dolls , using whatever items she could find . People started leaving their unwanted good in Mary 's yard for her to make into art and she began work on her bottle house gallery in 2008 , covering the walls with 8,000 different types of bottles , from nail polish to wine . The glass bottle house is open for tours year round . Visitors can also stop in her gallery to purchase art that benefits the hungry , or make a donation , as admission to the house is free . One Log House in Garberville , California This is n't what comes to mind when most people think of a log cabin . Living in Humboldt County , California , Art Schmock was used to seeing giant redwoods towering above him , but his relatives living in the Midwest and East Coast refused to believe that trees actually grew to be so large . Realizing that most people had never seen giant redwoods , the logger created the One Log House and put it on wheels so that he could tour the country . Schmock and a friend spent eight months hollowing out the 7-foot-tall , 32-foot-long section of redwood . Holding a living room , kitchen and bedroom , the log house was similar to other mobile homes , except that its tremendous size and weight made mobility challenging , requiring special permits to drive on each state highway . Although the house traveled on occasion , it spent most of its time "  resting " in small towns along the Northern California coast . Now , One Log House Espresso and Gifts sits on Highway 101 , south of Garberville , where it 's been for the last 15 years . The small cafe sells food , beverages and redwood gifts and has some relics of the old-time logging days . Admission is $ 1 for visitors over 5 years old . Beer Can House in Houston , Texas It all started with a dislike of yard work . Tired of mowing the lawn and doing landscaping work at his Houston home , John Milkovisch inlaid thousands of marbles , rocks and metal pieces into the concrete and redwood of his yard in 1968 . When he finished with both the front and back yards , he began work on crafting aluminum siding for the house out of beer cans , which eventually became known as the Beer Can House . After he finished the practical aspect , he moved on to the decorative , making sculptures and garlands for the house , also out of beer cans . Ripley 's Believe It or Not estimated that 50,000 beer cans went into making John Milkovisch 's tribute to recycling . In 2001 , years after Milkovisch passed away , the Orange Show Center for Visionary Art acquired and restored the house , opening it to the public in 2008 . The house is open for visitors between Memorial Day and Labor Day , costing $ 5 for adults and free for children 12 and younger . House on the Rock in Spring Green , Wisconsin Are you afraid of heights ? Then you may want to avoid the Infinity Room at Spring Green , Wisconsin 's House on the Rock . The long , thin room stretches 218 feet long and 156 feet above the valley floor , with over 3,000 windows for walls , providing amazing panoramic views . Considered an architectural wonder , the house was built in 1945 by Alex Jordan as a luxurious retreat . Perched on a rock , as its name implies , the house has an amazing view of the surrounding nature . Open to the public since 1960 , the house is divided into three sections that can all be toured . The admission for all three sections is $ 28.50 for adults and $ 15.50 for children . But , each section can also be visited separately for $ 12.50 . Staff recommends that visitors spend at least three hours in the house to experience all that it has to offer , such as a carousel it touts as the world 's largest , complete with 269 handcrafted animals .	Visitors to Michigan 's Pickle Barrel House will find a museum and iris garden North Carolina 's Mary 's Gone Wild Glass House is covered in over 8,000 bottles House on the Rock in Wisconsin features a room with 3,000 windows
CNN  -- For a man dubbed "  The Big Easy , " Ernie Els is n't putting his feet up anytime soon . One of the most successful golfers in the world , the 42-year-old boasts an incredible three major championship crowns and nearly 70 wins in a stellar career spanning 22 years . But far from basking in his golfing glory , the South African is throwing his weight -- and his millions -- behind an important cause close to his heart . The former world No. 1 's son Ben was diagnosed with autism five years ago , and Els plans to open a world-leading research and education center -- "  something the world 's never seen before . " "  We have one child in our family with autism . I 've seen families with three kids with autism and I want to tell you it must be one of the hardest things in the world because just to do your normal , everyday life stuff must be almost impossible , " he told CNN . "  He 's nine years old and he 's not speaking yet . He goes to a very good school in Florida . That 's another thing that 's lacking around the world , is education for autistic children . That 's why we moved from England to go to Florida for proper treatment for him . " Until recently , Els had remained private about his family life . Now he 's using his status -- winning the U.S. Open in 1994 and 1997 and the British Open in 2002 -- to help fund the Els for Autism Foundation in Florida . Since 2009 , he has been hosting golf tournaments to raise money for his dream center . It will be based in the U.S. but it is hoped its programs and research will help autistic children around the world . Els has so far raised around $ 25 million towards the project , but is still $ 5 million short of his target for construction . And the man who topped the European Tour 's money list in 1993 and 1994 , and is nicknamed for his six-foot-three-inch frame and seemingly effortless golf swing , has n't limited his enterprises to autism research . Giving it back : Els ' off-course passions Els ' golf foundation , now in its 13th year , was established to help under-privileged kids take up a sport unaffordable to most in his native South Africa . He also contributes to the economy of the Cape region where he grew up , investing in a wine and restaurant business plus an award-winning golf resort that he helped design . So while Els has spent most of his life carving a name for himself as one of the best golfers in the world , he says he now wants to be remembered for dedicating the rest of it to autism research .	Former world No. 1 Ernie Els is throwing his support behind ambitious autism center The South African golfer hopes the foundation in Florida will be the best in the world He is inspired by his son Ben , who was diagnosed with autism as a four-year-old Two-time U.S Open winner still needs to raise $ 5 million to reach his $ 30 million target
Alex Rodriguez is denying any connection to a Miami man who a South Florida newspaper and ESPN reported provided the New York Yankees star with performance-enhancing drugs . The Miami New Times published a story Tuesday saying more than a dozen professional baseball players , including Rodriguez , and other athletes were named in records kept over several years by the Biogenesis clinic . "  The purported documents referenced in the story -- at least as they relate to Alex Rodriguez -- are not legitimate , " a statement from his public relations agent said . CNN has been unable to independently obtain the documents the newspaper said it based its reporting on . Meanwhile , ESPN.com published a story Friday quoting unidentified sources as describing how the man who ran Biogenesis allegedly would go to Rodriguez 's waterfront mansion when summoned and inject the star player with performance-enhancing drugs  PEDs  . That brought this response from a Rodriguez spokesman : "  In regards to the new allegations made in today 's ESPN Outside the Lines story , we can say that they are not true , " Terry Fahn of Sitrick and Company communications said Friday . "  Alex is working diligently on his  physical  rehabilitation and is looking forward to getting back on the field as soon as possible . " Major League Baseball expands testing for HGH , testosterone Rodriguez , 37 , has admitted in the past to using performance-enhancing drugs , but he also has denied taking any after 2003 . He has never been suspended by the league for a drug violation . The Miami New Times report identified other players in addition to Rodriguez as being named in handwritten notes of Anthony Bosch , chief of the Biogenesis clinic . The records , according to the report , detail the selling of banned supplements such as human growth hormone , testosterone and anabolic steroids . Major League Baseball released a statement following the newspaper report , acknowledging "  that three of the players allegedly involved have already been disciplined under the Joint Drug Program . " While the league did not list which of the previously disciplined players it was referencing , the newspaper report did name Oakland A 's pitcher Bartolo Colon , San Francisco Giants outfielder Melky Cabrera and San Diego Padres catcher Yasmani Grandal . All three served suspensions for violations of baseball 's performance enhancing drug rules last year . Washington Nationals pitcher Gio Gonzalez , also named by the paper , posted a response on his Twitter account Tuesday morning . "  I 've never used performance enhancing drugs of any kind and I never will , " Gonzalez tweeted . "  I 've never met or spoken with Tony Bosch or used any substance . " A statement from Rodriguez 's representatives followed the Miami New Times report , declaring , "  The news report about a purported relationship between Alex Rodriguez and Anthony Bosch are not true ... Alex Rodriguez was not Mr. Bosch 's patient , he was never treated by him and he was never advised by him . " The newspaper said its article was mostly based on handwritten notes believed to have been kept by Bosch . The notebooks were give to the paper by a former employee of the clinic , which recently closed . ESPN 's report Friday focused on Rodriguez and what unidentified sources described as a personal relationship between the player and Bosch . Baseball writers balk at Hall of Fame class of '13 "  Only Tony handled A-Rod , " one source was quoted as saying . The ESPN report recounted a purported scenario in which Bosch would make visits to Rodriguez 's home "  every few weeks . " On one occasion last spring , an ESPN source said , Bosch told his associates he had been kicked out of Rodriguez 's home after he had trouble locating a vein and the player became infuriated . ESPN quoted Bosch as terming the allegations against him "  bull -- " and "  all wrong , " and cited a statement from his attorney in which Bosch denied the allegations . Major League Baseball , meanwhile , said after the initial newspaper report , "  We are always extremely disappointed to learn of potential links between players and the use of performance-enhancing substances ... These developments , however , provide evidence of the comprehensive nature of our anti-drug efforts . " The league said its investigations department was "  actively involved in the issues in South Florida . " "  We are in the midst of an active investigation and are gathering and reviewing information , " the league said . "  We will refrain from further comment until this process is complete . " Contacted by CNN Friday and asked whether the organization had a response to the ESPN story , MLB spokesman Patrick Courtney responded , "  There is not . We issued a statement on Tuesday saying we are investigating . This would fall into that . Thank you . " A CNN crew went to the Coral Gables , Florida , address of the Biogenesis clinic Tuesday and found its offices vacant . CNN has been unable to reach Bosch , who headed the clinic . Opinion : Time to allow doping in sport ?	ESPN follows Miami newspaper with story of alleged PED distribution and use in Florida Stories , days apart , name pro baseball players , including Alex Rodriguez Newspaper story is "  not legitimate , " rep for Rodriguez said Tuesday Another rep says of Friday ESPN story allegations : "  They are not true "
CNN  -- Airline passengers may be asking themselves : Are those longer lines at airports due to federal spending cuts ? The answer is yes and no . If you are at a Transportation Security Administration  TSA  checkpoint , relax . You 're just experiencing a normal wait . Agency cuts have not yet taken effect , but stick around . TSA says you 'll be experiencing longer wait times in coming weeks and months -- the result of furloughs , overtime cuts and a hiring freeze . But if you 're on the customs line at New York 's John F. Kennedy airport , Miami International or a few others , you , indeed , are feeling the first impacts of the spending cuts on the aviation system . JFK airport had approximately 56 flights with wait times in the arrival area of customs exceeding two hours and 14 flights experiencing related waits of more than three hours , according to Jenny Burke , a spokeswoman for Customs and Border Patrol . Miami had 51 flights reporting waits at customs exceeding two hours and four flights approaching or topping three hours . "  These wait times are not typical for this time period and are related to decreased booth staffing , " Burke wrote to CNN . Cuts in overtime forced the customs agency to close several booths and the situation will worsen after furlough notices go out on March 7 , she said . More than $ 85 billion in automatic , government-wide spending cuts took effect on Friday night . The Obama administration said the so-called sequester would hit air travel , particularly hard , through cuts in spending on air traffic control and security . Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano said on Monday the airport lines this weekend were just the tip of the iceberg . "  We will see these effects cascade over the next week , " she said . "  I do n't mean to scare , I mean to inform . If you 're traveling , get to the airport earlier than you otherwise would . There 's only so much we can do with personnel , " Napolitano said . "  And please , do n't yell at the customs officers or the TSA officers . They 're not responsible for sequester . " Napolitano said she expects wait times to double in some cases , if the cuts continue for the next several months . "  There 's very little we can do to mitigate it because the procedures we use to clear passengers and cargo , they 're responsible I think for the fact that we have a very safe aviation system and we have a very good land migration system where we know who 's coming into the country , " she said . "  So , we 're not going to cut back on those security needs so the end result is fewer people doing the same thing means lines are going to get longer . " The TSA said a hiring freeze will take effect in April . That will result in an additional 1,000 screener vacancies by Memorial Day weekend and up to 2,600 vacancies by September 30 , the end of the fiscal year . The TSA has approximately 50,000 screeners . "  With TSA staffing levels decreasing over time , we expect that during busy travel periods wait times exceeding 30-40 minutes could double at nearly all of the largest airports , " the TSA said in a statement . "  In addition , passengers who schedule their travel outside of peak flight schedules and plan to arrive close to their scheduled flight time may see their wait times reach 30 minutes or more , " the TSA said . The Federal Aviation Administration said on Monday that there were "  no immediate impacts " from spending cuts . But it has predicted flight delays when it begins furloughs -- one third of whom are air traffic controllers .	Some extended wait times at customs can be traced to government spending cuts TSA says security lines will get longer as cuts continue Cuts also expected to impact FAA air traffic services , possibly airline schedules More than $ 85 billion in government-wide spending cuts took effect on Friday
Washington  CNN  -- The Fukushima Daiichi disaster is focusing attention on a problem that has bedeviled Washington policymakers since the dawn of the nuclear age -- what to do with used nuclear fuel . Currently , spent fuel -- depleted to the extent it can no longer effectively sustain a chain reaction -- is stored in large pools of water , allowing the fuel to slowly cool and preventing the release of radiation . But events in Japan , where two of the six spent fuel pools at the Fukushima Daiichi facility were compromised , have raised questions about practices at the nation 's 104 nuclear reactors , which rely on a combination of pools and dry casks to store used fuel . "  I truly believe we must re-think how we manage spent fuel , " Sen. Dianne Feinstein , D-California , said at a Senate appropriations subcommittee hearing Wednesday . In California , Feinstein said , fuel removed from reactors in 1984 is still held in spent-fuel pools , well beyond the minimum five to seven years required by federal regulators . "  It 's hard to understand why the Nuclear Regulatory Commission has not mandated a more rapid transfer of spent fuel to dry casks , " Feinstein said . Currently , there is no maximum time fuel can remain in spent fuel pools , the NRC said Wednesday . As a result , critics say , nuclear plants have made fuel pools the de facto method of storing fuel , crowding pools with dangerous levels of fuel , industry critics say . As of January 2010 , an estimated 63,000 metric tons of spent fuel was in storage at U.S. power plants or storage facilities , according to the Nuclear Regulatory Commission . "  For the history of our nuclear power program , I would say , the storage of spent fuel ... has been an afterthought , " Ernest Moniz , a physics professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , testified . "  I believe we should really start thinking hard about consolidated storage , presumably in federal reservations , to solve a host of problems . " The NRC and industry critics differed on whether spent fuel pools are safe . "  Spent fuel pools are considered ` safety significant ' systems , so they meet a lot of the same standards that the reactor itself would have to meet , " said Greg Jaczko , chairman of the NRC . "  For example , the spent fuel pools themselves are required to withstand the natural phenomena like earthquakes and tsunamis that could impact the reactor itself . " David Lochbaum , a nuclear physicist with the Union of Concerned Scientists , disagreed . "  At many sites there is nearly 10 times as much irradiated fuel in spent fuel pools as in the reactor core , " he said . "  The spent fuel pools are not housed in robust concrete containment structures designed to protect the public from the radioactivity they contain . Instead the pools are often housed in buildings with sheet metal siding like that in a Sears storage shed , " Lochbaum said . "  I have nothing against the quality of Sears storage sheds but they are not suitable to nuclear waste storage , " he said . A nuclear industry representative said the "  lack of a national strategy " on waste storage is exacerbating the problem , since it does not know whether to place spent fuel in permanent , on-site containers , or containers suitable for transport . "  We want to limit the number of times we have to handle used fuel . We want to be able to take it out of the pool once , put it in a cask ... Not all casks are designed for transportation for example , " said William Levis , a power company president speaking for the Nuclear Energy Institute . Jaczko said spent fuel pools do n't endanger the public . "  We do n't have a maximum time  fuel can stay in the pools  , " he said . "  But we do analyze the fuel .  Fuel  goes through a very rigorous analysis to ensure that  it can be added to the pool  safely and securely . " A high-ranking energy department official , meanwhile , said a commission studying the issue of spent fuel will issue an interim report by July 29 . The commission was formed after the Obama administration killed a plan to store nuclear waste at Yucca Mountain in Nevada .	Events in Japan have raised questions about spent-fuel storage in the United States The U.S. has 104 nuclear reactors , which rely on pools of water and dry casks for storage An estimate by the NRC said some 63,000 tons of spent fuel was stored in the U.S. The NRC and industry critics disagree on whether spent fuel pools are safe
CNN  -- The Court of Amsterdam on Friday ordered giant oil-trading company Trafigura to pay a fine of 1 million euros  $ 1.3 million  for illegally dumping chemical waste in Ivory Coast in 2006 . An employee of Trafigura and the captain of the ship that dumped the waste also were convicted , and the employee was fined 25,000 euros  $ 32,200  , the court said . The United Nations says the dumping killed 15 people and sickened about 100,000 others . The fine was issued by a Dutch court because the ship carrying the waste belonging to Trafigura departed from the Port of Amsterdam . A multimillion-dollar settlement was reached in September last year between Trafigura and the law firm representing people who claimed they had become sick from the toxic waste . Despite the settlement , Trafigura denies any responsibility for the actions of the contractor that dumped the waste . It called the court 's ruling Friday "  incorrect . " "  The court has decided that different technical legislation is applicable than that claimed by Trafigura in its defense , " the company said . It promised to study the court 's findings "  carefully " with a view to appeal . The convicted Trafigura employee , whom the company named as Naeem Ahmed , "  did nothing wrong , " it said , adding it will provide him with legal assistance . Amnesty International immediately welcomed the fine and said it is the first time the company has been held criminally accountable for its involvement in the waste dumping . "  This judgment appears damning given Trafigura 's previous denials of any wrongdoing , " said Benedetta Lacey , a special advisor to Amnesty International who has visited Ivory Coast and met victims of the dumping . Lacey said there remain questions about the impact of the waste on the people 's health , and she said the area where the waste was dumped has yet to be fully decontaminated . Friday 's fine was also for delivering products to Amsterdam that are detrimental to health , "  and whose detrimental nature was concealed , " the court said . In August and September of 2006 , the cargo ship Probo Koala dumped 500 tons of toxic waste belonging to Trafigura at various sites , including waterways , around the port city of Abidjan , according to the United Nations . It says the waste was a liquid sludge that contained large amounts of hydrocarbons and toxic substances including hydrogen sulfide and caustic soda . Those who got sick complained of nausea and vomiting after inhaling fumes , the United Nations says . The British newspaper The Guardian last year published a draft report about the scientific nature of the waste that indicated it could cause severe human health problems . The author of the report , however , said the findings in the draft were superseded by other data showing the waste caused , at worst , short-term flu-like symptoms and anxiety . Last month , the United Nations helped set up a new laboratory in Abidjan to improve the monitoring of hazardous materials on ships entering the port , as a way to prevent toxic waste dumps there in the future .	Dutch court orders oil giant Trafigura to pay $ 1.3 million fine The fine relates to toxic waste dumping in Ivory Coast in 2006 A Trafigura employee and a ship captain also are convicted Trafigura has denied responsibility for the waste dumping
CNN  -- The first U.S. case of Middle East Respiratory Syndrome  MERS  coronavirus has been reported in Indiana , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said Friday . The patient is a health-care provider who recently traveled to Saudi Arabia to provide health care , said Dr. Anne Schuchat , assistant surgeon general with the U.S. Public Health Service and director for the National Center for Immunization and Respiratory Diseases . The person , an American male , traveled on April 24 from Riyadh to London , then to Chicago , and took a bus to Indiana , officials said . He began experiencing shortness of breath , coughing , and fever on April 27 , according to the Indiana State Department of Health . The patient was admitted to Community Hospital in Munster , Indiana , on April 28 , the same day he visited the emergency department there , the health department said . He has been isolated and is in stable condition . He is receiving oxygen support , but does not require a ventilator , Schuchat said . MERS : 5 things to know The virus poses a "  very low risk to the broader general public , " Schuchat said , as it has not been shown to spread easily from person to person . The CDC and the Indiana State Department of Health are conducting a joint investigation into the case , according to a CDC statement . The CDC confirmed Indiana test results on Friday . "  The CDC , IDPH  Illinois Department of Public Health  and CDPH  Chicago Department of Public Health  do not consider passengers on the flight or bus to be close contacts of the patient and therefore are not at high risk , " said Dr. LaMar Hasbrouck , director of the IDPH . Passengers on the same plane and bus as the patient will be contacted by the CDC as a precautionary measure , starting Saturday , the Illinois statement said . If the CDC identifies ill individuals with possible MERS-CoV , it will notify health officials in Chicago and Indiana . "  There is no reason to suspect any current risk to travelers or employees at O'Hare Airport at this time , " said CDPH commissioner Bechara Choucair . The coronavirus , known as MERS-CoV , was first reported in the Middle East -- specifically , the Arabian Peninsula -- in 2012 . Laboratory testing has confirmed 262 cases of the coronavirus in 12 countries , including the Indiana case , Schuchat said . Ninety-three people have died . So far , all MERS cases have been linked to six countries on or near the Arabian Peninsula , Schuchat said . The Saudi Ministry of Health has reported 339 cases , and said nearly a third of those have died . Not all of the Saudi cases have been confirmed by the World Health Organization . "  The MERS virus is of grave concern because of the virulence , " Schuchat said . But , she added , "  We 're not yet aware of confirmed sustained community transmission . " Late last month , Saudi officials noted a spike in new cases . The CDC has expected MERS to come to the United States , Schuchat said . "  We have been preparing for this . " However , "  The introduction of MERS-CoV is another reminder that diseases are just a plane ride away , " she said . Opinion : Why MERS virus is so scary MERS-CoV comes from the same group of viruses as the common cold and attacks the respiratory system , according to the CDC . Symptoms , which include fever , cough and shortness of breath , can lead to pneumonia and kidney failure . The CDC has issued general precautions such as frequent hand-washing , avoiding close contact with infected people , avoiding touching your eyes , nose and mouth with unwashed hands , and disinfecting surfaces that are frequently touched . Pediatricians should ask about where young patients with high fever and respiratory symptoms have traveled , Schuchat said . "  Young children often have fever and respiratory symptoms , but the key here is : Was there a history of travel within the past 14 days to the Arabian Peninsula , or contact with someone ? ... They should alert their clinician about that travel or contact , " Schuchat said . Currently , the CDC does not recommend changing travel plans because of the virus , Schuchat said . No one knows exactly how this virus originated , but evidence is emerging implicating camels . In a recently published study in mBio , researchers said they isolated live MERS virus from two single-humped camels , known as dromedaries . They found multiple substrains in the camel viruses , including one that perfectly matches a substrain isolated from a human patient . The same group of researchers reported in February that nearly three-quarters of camels in Saudi Arabia tested positive for past exposure to the MERS coronavirus . MERS mystery : Virus found in camels Although many of the cases have occurred on the Arabian Peninsula , people have died of the infection elsewhere , including in European countries and Tunisia in North Africa . Egypt reported its first case on April 26 , according to the WHO . Limited human-to-human transmission of the disease has also occurred in other countries -- meaning some people who traveled to the Middle East gave the virus to others . Officials are not aware of any other confirmed U.S. cases , Schuchat said , adding it 's too early to assume no one else is ill . An active investigation is underway . CNN 's Miriam Falco , Caleb Hellerman and Ashley Hayes contributed to this report .	The patient is a health care provider who traveled to Saudi Arabia MERS coronavirus was first reported in 2012 in the Middle East Saudi officials have noted a recent spike in cases
CNN  -- On Friday afternoon , Robin Meade , HLN anchor of "  Morning Express with Robin Meade , " sky-dived just before former President George Herbert Walker Bush , who was commemorating his 85th birthday . HLN Anchor Robin Meade chats with former president George H.W. Bush on his 85th birthday . In recent years , Bush 's jumps have been about fun and celebration , but he first parachuted out of a plane when he was a naval aviator shot down over the Pacific Ocean during World War II . On Friday , Meade and Bush were each strapped to a member of the Army 's Golden Knights parachute team . They made their jumps over Kennebunkport , Maine . Before the jumps , Meade sat down with Bush to learn more about why he sky-dives . Plus , the former president weighed in on his and his son 's legacies , Supreme Court justice nominee Sonia Sotomayor , and his view on the country 's most pressing problems . This is an edited transcript of the interview . Robin Meade : Thank you for making time for us to talk to you today . George H.W. Bush : Oh , no , listen , I 'm so glad you 're here . Meade : Happy birthday -- 85 . Bush : I thought you did n't know . Meade : Everybody knows , right ? Bush : I know . It 's exciting . It really is wonderful . Meade : What 's with your penchant for jumping still ? Bush : Well , two reasons . One , it still feels good . You still get a charge out of it . Not easy to do at 85 , but ... Meade : I do n't think it 's easy to do at any age . Watch Bush talk about why he still sky-dives " Bush : And secondly , just because you 're old , that does n't mean you ca n't do fun stuff . And you do n't want to sit around drooling in the corner . And so it 's a wonderful release . And you know , because I was president , it sends a message all around . You can go out and get something going . Old guys can still have fun and still do stuff . And so , those are the two reasons . ... Meade : You know , I 'm thinking about , too , last Saturday we had the 65th anniversary of D-Day , and that was the first time , in World War II , that you jumped , because you had to ditch your plane . Bush : Yes . Meade : Being back with service members up in a plane and getting ready to jump , does that kind of rekindle your feelings of connection ? Bush : A little bit of deja vu . A little bit , but not that much anymore . But yes , that 's one of the reasons I made the first controlled jump , is because I did the first jump -- or had to get out of the plane . And that was kind of ugly . I pulled the ripcord too early and hit my head on the tail of the plane going by . I was just lucky I 'm still alive . And the parachute hung up for a minute on the tail of the plane . It 's all kind of war stories . If I start telling you that , then you 'll tell me about your father 's war stories or something , or grandfather 's . And so it would n't be fair . But I wanted to do it right . And I did it wrong then . It did save my life , but I did it wrong . So then I 've been out with the Golden Knights and I made several solo jumps . And now it 's tandem . I think they hope the old boy will remember to push . Meade : Did I read somewhere that you asked President Clinton to jump once ? And he has n't jumped with you . Bush : I may have asked him . I ca n't remember . Maybe I did , but I have a good relationship with him , a very good one . Watch Bush leave plane , land " Meade : Now that you 're 85 , are you thinking a little bit more about the "  L " word , "  legacy ? " Bush : I was thinking of the "  L " word being "  life . " Life its own self . But no , I think my view on legacy is let the historians figure out what I screwed up and figure out what I got right . And I 'm confident that , you know , we had a good administration and good people . And I think the same thing is true of our son . And you know , he had tough times and all , but he 's doing it right . He 's laying back there and he 's not criticizing the president . And I 'm very proud of him . Watch Bush and sons talk after the jump " And I hope that we both have set examples for how you ought to conduct yourself when you 've been president and then go out of office . Let the other guy do it , and support him when you can , and be silent . Do n't be out there criticizing all the time . Meade : The one guy at the helm ? Bush : Yes . And the "  L " word , so it does n't -- I mean , my view is the historians will decide these things , for better or for worse and for right or for wrong . So I 'm not doing any biography or anything like that . And I 'm confident , because we had such a great team around us , that it will be favorable . Meade : Tell me a little bit about Judge Sonia Sotomayor , she 's someone that you appointed to a U.S. District Court . Bush : District Court . Meade : Now she 's been nominated for the Supreme Court . What would her impact be on the Supreme Court , do you think ? Bush : I think she 'd pull a ripcord just at the right time and make a very nice parachutist . I 'm going to leave that to others to analyze , but she should be given a fair hearing . She should be accorded every courtesy that goes with her record as a judge and her aspirations to be a Supreme Court justice . And I have a feeling she will be confirmed , but again , I do n't go into that day in and day out . ... I think she 's had a distinguished record on the bench and she should be entitled to fair hearings . I like the way Sen. John Cornyn said it . I mean , he may vote for her , he may not . But he 's been backing away from these -- backing off from those who use radical statements to describe her or to attribute things to her that may or may not be true . I mean , she was called by somebody a "  racist . " Well , that 's not right . I mean , it 's not fair . It does n't help the process to be out there name-calling . So let them decide whether they want to vote for her or not , and get on with it . Meade : There are so many causes and so many problems , so many issues right now . Bush : Right . Right . Meade : What is our most pressing problem , do you think , in the country ? Bush : Well , I 'd have to say as long as people are hurting , the economy , and those who are out of work , ca n't find work . I think it will get better . I remain optimistic about our recovery and all of that . But I 'd say that 's -- and health care . But those -- we 've got a lot of people working on those problems . Meade : Oh , by the way , one more question . Is there going to be another jump after this ? Bush : I think when I finish this one , I 'll say , "  See you on my 90th . " Whether I do it or not , it gives me a goal . I 'm a goal-oriented guy . I really believe in goals . And so -- but we finish this one ... Meade : I hope we do . Bush : ... we 'll all be standing there . And they 'll say to you , "  What are you going to do ? " And you 'll say , "  Five more years , I 'm going to do another one . " And I 'll say , "  I 'll be there . " Ninety years old . I 'll do it . Meade : Is it a deal ? In five years , we 'll do it again ? Bush : I 'm for it . I 'm for it . Meade : OK . All right .	HLN Anchor Robin Meade sat down to interview George H.W. Bush Later , the two went sky-diving to celebrate former president 's 85th birthday Bush talks to Meade about how he stays young , and what his legacy will be See more at the Morning Express blog and showpage
CNN  -- There were always three possible scenarios for New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie and Bridgegate : One , that he was explicitly involved in the shutting down of three lanes feeding the George Washington Bridge in Fort Lee , New Jersey , as political retribution against a no-name mayor who did n't endorse him in an election Christie ran away with . Two , that he was marginally involved , in that he told staffers to "  take care of " the problem mayor but was n't specific about the actions to take . And three , that he was n't involved at all ; that an appointee at the Port Authority and staffers in his office cooked this up unbeknownst to him , did n't tell him and repeatedly lied to him about their involvement until e-mails proved otherwise . Wednesday , many assumed the third option impossible , admittedly including me . It 's Christie , we said . It 's politics , we said . It 's ... New Jersey , we said . Nonetheless , that 's exactly the story Christie 's going with , and in his two-hour news conference , he did a tremendous job convincing me , at least , that he really was blindsided by the news . And as apologies go , he hit all the right notes : I 'm sorry . I 'm responsible . I 'm sad . I 'm embarrassed . He stuck around for an hour and a half answering reporter questions . He admitted the buck stops with him . He fired two staffers immediately . He said he planned on meeting with the jilted Fort Lee mayor and with Fort Lee residents to apologize directly to them . In contrast to other well-known news conferences , it was one of the best mea culpas in recent memory . But he 's not out of the woods yet . Democrats would very much like to hang Christie on this , and they will not be satisfied with the "  it was n't me " defense . If there 's any dirt , any inkling that he had knowledge of this , they 'll find it and destroy him over it . This is sure to be a sideshow for the next few weeks , if not months , as investigators look into exactly how this happened . And even if it turns out Christie 's hands are clean , it still wo n't paint a pretty picture of politics in Trenton . He 's also heading up the Republican Governors Association , a post that requires him to regularly raise funds and speak alongside other Republican governors . Christie said in his news conference that this would n't affect his job at the RGA , but that 's pretty naive . What governor wants to share a stage , at least in the short term , with a guy embroiled in a seedy , petty political scandal ? In the long term , however , if Christie is telling the truth , this is perfectly survivable . If he 's not ... well today 's performance was Oscar-worthy -- and fatal . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of SE Cupp	S.E. Cupp saw three scenarios : 1 . Christie knew directly about bridge payback . 2 . He knew obliquely Third possibility : He was in the dark . She says this is the one he went with , convincingly She says news conference hit all right notes ; opponents will still try to hang him with issue Cupp : If he 's telling truth , his career should survive ; if he is n't , issue will be fatal
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Online retailer Amazon has said a system error caused it to remove a number of gay and lesbian-themed books from its sales charts . American novelist Gore Vidal has long been known as a liberal intellectual . On Sunday , a number of distinguished writers , including Gore Vidal , Annie Proulx and E.M. Forster , suddenly lost their best-seller ranking -- which is the number that Amazon uses to show how well one title sells compared with another . As a result , famous novels such as Proulx 's "  Brokeback Mountain " and Vidal 's "  The City and the Pillar " were unranked Tuesday morning . However , Playboy : The Complete Centerfolds " by Chronicle Books , which features pictures of over 600 naked women , remains ranked . Amazon spokeswoman Patty Smith told CNN partner Web site CNET News that the "  glitch " was being fixed , but declined to elaborate . "  This is an embarrassing and ham-fisted cataloging error for a company that prides itself on offering complete selection , " she wrote in an e-mail statement . "  It has been misreported that the issue was limited to Gay & Lesbian themed titles -- in fact , it impacted 57,310 books in a number of broad categories such as Health , Mind & Body , Reproductive & Sexual Medicine , and Erotica , " the statement said . "  This problem impacted books not just in the United States but globally . It affected not just sales rank but also had the effect of removing the books from Amazon 's main product search . " Craig Seymour , author of gay memoir "  All I Could Bare , " wrote in his blog , "  craigspoplife , " that his sales rank was dropped earlier this year , only to be restored after a month . Amazon said his book had been classified as an "  adult product . " "  I brought this to the attention of my publisher , and they started looking into it , " Seymour wrote . "  I also did some snooping around and it turned out that the only books I could find without a "  sales rank " had gay content like mine . " Thousands of users have voiced their concerns online , with many accusing the retail giant of blatant censorship . This prompted Amazon to deny the move was part of a strategy to make the chart more "  family friendly . " It said the changes were caused by a "  glitch " in the system . The ranking removal appeared to depend on how Amazon originally categorized each book . According to the Guardian newspaper , a paperback edition of British broadcaster and actor Stephen Fry 's autobiography "  Moab Is My Washpot , " which Amazon tags as "  gay , " is unranked , whereas the original hardback , filed under "  memoir , " is . The issue quickly became a hot topic over the weekend among Twitter users . In conversations under the hash tag " #amazonfail , " people tagged hundreds of titles affected by the apparent glitch . Others simply mocked the e-tailer . Share your views here "  Looks like Amazon did a government style u-turn . Of course it was an error , yes , " was the sardonic response from Jonnyp . Houseinrlyeh , meanwhile , said "  apologies work best when they contain an actual apology and not just an explanation . " Nara Filippon was one of the many outraged Facebook users to make their feelings known on various discussion boards . After describing herself as a loyal customer she said : "  Unfortunately your new policy to ban LGBT books has disappointed me and I wo n't be buying anything else from your Web site from now onwards . " Wendy Sumner Winter , who described herself as a straight college professor , said : "  I am sickened to see that the powers-that-be have de-ranked some of my favorite authors and their books , including James Baldwin  are you serious !?  , Mark Doty and Paul Lisicky . "	Amazon : Move was caused by "  embarrassing ham-fisted cataloguing error " Titles from authors such as Gore Vidal , Annie Proulx lost best-seller ranking Ranking is number that Amazon uses to show how well one title sells Book titles removed from charts are gay and lesbian-themed
CNN  -- Nick Heidfeld has left his role as reserve driver at Mercedes to become a tester for Pirelli ahead of the Italian company 's return to Formula One as the sport 's sole tire supplier next year . The 33-year-old German had driven in F1 for a decade but was left without a seat when BMW ended its association with the Sauber team at the end of last season . He was given a lifeline when Mercedes took over the world champion Brawn GP team this year , becoming back-up to returning seven-time world champion Michael Schumacher and Nico Rosberg . "  I would like to thank Ross Brawn , Norbert Haug and Nick Fry for allowing me the opportunity to become Pirelli 's official test driver , " Heidfeld told F1 's official website . "  The team has always said that they would not stand in my way if such a chance arose , and they have kindly allowed me to take up this exciting new role . " Mercedes team principal Ross Brawn said : "  Nick is an extremely experienced driver and we are confident that his racing knowledge and technical feedback will prove extremely useful to Pirelli and therefore of benefit to the sport as a whole . " Mercedes-Benz Motorsport vice-president Haug said the move might help Heidfeld find a drive for 2011 . "  It would be great to see Nick in a competitive car in next year 's world championship and I am sure his leading role in the new tire development , in addition to his skills , puts him in a good position for the remaining seats in 2011 , " Haug said . "  There could be no more experienced and knowledgeable driver in the cockpit to steer the tire development for next season . We thank Nick for his contribution to our team over the last nine months and wish him well with his new challenge . " Pirelli will begin testing this week in a Toyota TF109 car from last season , with Bridgestone stepping aside at the end of 2010 . The Milan-based company has not been involved in F1 since 1991 , but has landed a three-year contract to provide all teams with tires to go with its exclusive deals with motorcycling 's World Superbike and British Superbike categories .	Nick Heidfeld has become a tester for F1 's 2011 sole tire supplier Pirelli The 33-year-old leaves his role as reserve driver at Mercedes in his native Germany Mercedes officials believe the Pirelli deal may help him earn a race drive for next year Pirelli returning to F1 on a three-year deal after last being involved in 1991
CNN  -- The Renault Formula One team have commenced legal proceedings against former driver Nelson Piquet Junior over allegations made by the Brazilian that he was asked by the team to deliberately crash his car in last year 's Singapore Grand Prix . Renault boss Flavio Briatore has issued a statement confirming legal proceddings against Nelson Piquet Jr. . It has been claimed that Renault boss , Flavio Briatore , in order to maximize the chances of Fernando Alonso winning the 2008 race , planned the crash of teammate Piquet Jr. . Renault have hit back against the allegations concerning the event made by Piquet Jr in an official statement on their Web site . "  Managing Director Flavio Briatore personally wish -LSB- es -RSB- to state criminal proceedings against Nelson Piquet Junior and Nelson Piquet Senior -LSB- have commenced -RSB- in France concerning the making of false allegations , " the statement read . The statement added the three-times former world champion and his son had also attempted to "  blackmail the team " into allowing Piquet Jr to continue to drive until the end of the 2009 season . Renault , who dismissed Piquet Jr as their driver in August , confirmed they have referred the matter to the British police . The French car constructor face being thrown out of Formula One if the allegations are proved by an investigation being conducted by the governing body of world motorsport , the FIA . The team will go before the FIA 's World Motor Sport Council in Paris on September 21 to hear the findings of the probe . Double world champion Alonso won the race -- the first for Renault in two years -- despite starting from 15th on the grid . Intriguingly , Renault ran a light fuel load on Alonso 's car -- thereby increasing the driver 's speed . Just two laps after Alonso came in early to take on more fuel , Piquet 's crash forced the deployment of the safety car and the subsequent pit stop of nearly all other drivers , an action that promoted Alonso to fifth from where he went onto to secure victory . Piquet attributed the crash to a simple error at the time . Formula One supremo Bernie Ecclestone recently warned "  there is going to be a lot of trouble " if the allegations are found to be true . The FIA proved with the spygate saga only circumstantial evidence is required for them to impose strict penalties . On that occasion they fined McLaren $ 80 million for breaching the same article that is now now faced by Renault .	Renault commence legal action against Nelson Piquet Jr over race-fixing claim Team boss Flavio Briatore also accuses driver of "  blackmailing " Renault Allegations refer to Fernando Alonso 's 2008 Singapore Grand Prix victory Renault to face findings of FIA investigation into incident on September 21
CNN  -- With top lawyers refusing to represent them , the men accused of raping and killing a 23-year-old woman are expected to be formally charged Thursday at a New Delhi court . The brutal attack on the woman , who died from her severe injuries last week , has appalled and enraged many Indians , prompting widespread debate over the way the country handles sexual assaults and the treatment of women in Indian society . Numerous protests have taken place , new laws have been proposed and senior lawyers in the court district where the accused men are likely to be tried say they will not represent them . Police will submit charges against at least five of the accused men before a new fast-track court in Saket , a southern district of New Delhi , CNN affiliate IBN reported . It was unclear if the men would appear in the closed court session Thursday . A sixth male alleged to have participated in the attack is believed to be a minor and may appear before a juvenile court , but police were carrying out a bone marrow test to try to determine his exact age , IBN reported . The victim , whose name has not been released , died Saturday in a Singapore hospital , where she received treatment after being airlifted from New Delhi . The men are accused of assaulting the woman and her male companion on a bus in the Indian capital on December 16 , robbing them of their belongings before dumping them at the side of a road , police said . The male companion was eventually discharged from a local hospital . Authorities plan to seek the death penalty for the accused , IBN reported , with many calls for the men to be hanged , including from the victim 's family . If the sixth accused is confirmed to be a minor , he could be sent to a children 's home for a maximum of three years , according to IBN . The 11 lawyers who make up the executive board of the Saket Bar Association on Wednesday vowed not to represent any of the accused assailants because of the nature of the crime . In addition , the bar association has appealed to its 7,000 members to also refrain from representing the accused , said the association 's president , Rajpal Kasana . "  We are not taking this case on the grounds of humanity , " he said . The boycott by the bar association does not mean the accused will not have lawyers . Attorneys from other districts or ones appointed by the court will likely fill that role . Opinion : End culture of rape in 2013 The call for local lawyers to avoid defending the accused is unprecedented , but justified because "  everyone is emotionally attached to this case , " Kasana said . Lawmakers are weighing a proposal to toughen the country 's anti-rape law . Some have suggested a new law should be named after the woman , while others have said it 's illegal to reveal her identity . The victim 's father told IBN that he supported naming a new law after his daughter . "  All I ask is that the law is the toughest it can be , " he said . "  The death penalty is compulsory for a crime so grave the assailants must be hanged . The courts must give these men the death penalty . " Misogyny in India : We are all guilty India 's Supreme Court on Thursday will hear a petition asking it to suspend all lawmakers who face charges for crimes against women . The petition was filed in the aftermath of the brutal gang-rape , which sent thousands of outraged protesters to the streets for days . "  This unfortunate episode has galvanized the nation , " said Jagdeep S. Chhokar , an official with the Association for Democratic Reforms , which tracks political candidate 's criminal records . Chhokar said six Indian state lawmakers are facing rape charges in unrelated cases , and two people in the federal parliament are also facing charges of crimes against women that fall short of charges of rape . The group says that in the past five years , political parties across India have nominated 260 candidates facing charges of crimes against women such as assault and outraging the modesty of a woman .	NEW : The accused men are expected to be formally charged in a New Delhi court Thursday The victim 's father says he supports naming a tougher anti-rape law after her Bar association leaders in the district where it happened urge lawyers not to take the case
CNN  -- Cuba is more than a thousand miles from my home in New York , but it 's a place close to my heart . Steve Kastenbaum talks with Salomon Leyderman outside the Adath Israel synagogue in Havana , Cuba . I went to Cuba to report on a country that appears to be on the cusp of a new era . My focus was the future of U.S.-Cuban relations and the reforms under Cuban leader Raúl Castro . But a vague notion of exploring my family history in Cuba resulted in the most memorable story of the entire journey . More than 15,000 Jews were living in Cuba in the 1940s and '50s . Today , there are about 1,500 . My grandmother , the daughter of Russian immigrants , was born in Havana , and my grandfather came to Cuba when he was just 3 years old . His family left Germany in the 1920s . To me , they were as much Cuban as they were Jewish . Watch how everyday life has changed for Cubans " My grandparents left Cuba in the late '40s so that their children would be born in the United States . The last members of my family to leave Cuba did so post-revolution , in the 1960s . I was eager to see what had become of the places they left behind . Slideshow : Learn more about the Jewish population in Cuba " When Castro lifted restrictions on religion in the mid - '90s , the once-dilapidated building that houses congregation El Patronato came back to life . Today , it 's a thriving center for the local Jewish community . When I arrived , the children 's summer program was in full swing . A few dozen boys and girls were laughing and playing as they waited for lunch to be served . I was n't prepared for the wave of emotions that overcame me . Had things been different , I could have been just like them . Slideshow : Experience more of Kastenbaum 's explorations of Cuba " My next stop took me to Habana Viejo . Jewish life in Cuba has its roots in Old Havana , where my great-grandparents settled . I walked the streets where they lived and stopped in at the only remaining kosher butcher in town . I passed the building that once housed the local synagogue where my grandparents were wed. . Watch efforts to restore parts of Havana " The current home of Adath Israel is a few blocks away . At the front door , Salomon Leyderman introduced himself to me as the oldest Jew in Cuba . He 's 86 . I took out some old family photos , and Salomon immediately recognized my great-grandfather , Salomon Sher . He shouted out in Spanish , "  they were tailors ! " I could n't believe my ears . This 86-year-old man told me how my great-grandfather was highly regarded in the community , how he belonged to many social organizations and how after the revolution , he made it possible for many Cuban Jews to leave the island and join him in Miami , Florida . As he looked at a family portrait , Salomon began to cry . He recognized Luis Sher , my grandmother 's brother . He said Luis gave him as a gift a suit to wear at his bar mitzvah , the Jewish ceremony marking a boy 's transition into manhood . It took place more than 70 years ago , but he recalled the details as if it happened yesterday . Tears were flowing down my cheeks , too . The following day , I called my father in New York and handed the cell phone to the oldest Jew in Cuba . This time there were no tears , just laughter . After the call , Salomon looked at my sneakers and said they 're good shoes . He told me he 's a European size 42 , and I should bring him a pair when I return . He then asked me to send him a card on Hanukkah and smiled . Steve Kastenbaum is a New York correspondent for CNN Radio .	A CNN Radio correspondent explores his Jewish heritage in Cuba His grandparents left Cuba in the late 1940s An 86-year-old Jewish man remembered correspondent 's family
CNN  -- A key provision of the health care reform law championed by President Barack Obama came under harsh criticism from the conservative majority of the Supreme Court on Tuesday . The justices debated a hotly contested issue testing the limits of government-mandated contraception coverage , specifically involving for-profit corporations that object to it for religious reasons . The justices appeared divided along ideological lines in a 90-minute oral argument , with the federal government offering a spirited defense of the Affordable Care Act . "  How does a corporation exercise religion ? " asked Justice Sonia Sotomayor , summarizing perhaps the key constitutional question at hand . "  This is a religious question , " said Justice Samuel Alito , suggesting the businesses have such a right . "  You want us to provide a definitive secular answer . " Before the hearing began , hundreds of demonstrators representing both sides of the issue rallied in front of the courthouse on Capitol Hill . The court is reviewing provisions of the Affordable Care Act requiring for-profit employers of a certain size to offer insurance benefits for birth control and other reproductive health services without a co-pay . At issue is whether certain companies can refuse to do so on the sincere claim it would violate their owners ' long-established personal beliefs . Two separate appeals are being heard together . The outcome was uncertain , but the court could cast preliminary votes later this week . A final written ruling is expected by late June . 5 things to know about Obamacare and contraceptives The cases involve two appeals from Conestoga Wood Specialties . The companion legal challenge comes from Hobby Lobby , an Oklahoma-based arts and crafts retail giant . The Hahn family owns Conestoga and the Green family owns Hobby Lobby . Both corporations emphasize their desire to operate in harmony with biblical principles while competing in a secular marketplace . That includes their leaders ' publicly stated opposition to abortion . The cases present a complex mix of legal , regulatory , and constitutional concerns -- over such hot-button issues as faith , abortion , corporate power , executive agency discretion , and congressional intent . Political stakes The political stakes are large , especially for the future effectiveness of Obamacare , which marks its fourth anniversary this week . The botched rollout of HealthCare.gov , the federal site where consumers can sign up for insurance , has become another political flashpoint . Republicans claim the law , approved by Congress without their support , is unworkable and are campaigning furiously against it in this year 's midterm elections . The church-state issue now in the spotlight involves three-pronged rules negotiated last year between the Obama administration and various outside groups . Under the changes , churches and houses of worship are exempt from the contraception mandate . Other nonprofit , religiously affiliated groups , such as church-run hospitals , parochial schools and charities like the Little Sisters of the Poor , must either offer coverage , or have a third-party insurer provide separate benefits without the employer 's direct involvement . Lawsuits in those cases are pending in several federal appeals courts . For-profit businesses in spotlight The Hobby Lobby and Conestoga claims are in yet another Obamacare category : for-profit corporations claiming a religion-based exemption . These suits follow the high court 's decision two years ago that narrowly upheld the key funding provision of the health care law , a blockbuster ruling affirming that most Americans would be required to purchase insurance or pay a financial penalty , the so-called individual mandate . The constitutional debate shifts to the separate employer mandates and whether corporations themselves enjoy the same First Amendment rights as individuals . Three federal appeals courts have struck down the contraception coverage rule , while two others have upheld it . That "  circuit split " made the upcoming Supreme Court review almost certain . A key issue for the bench will be interpreting a 1993 federal law known as the Religious Freedom Restoration Act , requiring the government to seek the "  least burdensome " and narrowly tailored means for any law that interferes with religious convictions . Can companies , churches , and universities be included , or do the protections apply only to "  persons ? " "  Our family started Hobby Lobby built on our faith and together as a family , " Barbara Green , Hobby Lobby co-owner , told CNN after the arguments . "  We believe that Americans do n't lose their religious freedom when they open a family business . We were encouraged by today 's arguments . We are thankful that the Supreme Court took our case and we prayerfully await the justice 's decision . " Vocal backing for mandate In the arguments on Tuesday , Obama 's two appointees to the high court offered the most vocal backing of the mandate . "  Congress has given a statutory entitlement and that entitlement is to women and includes contraceptive coverage , " said Justice Elena Kagan . "  And when the employer says , no , I do n't want to give that , that woman is quite directly , quite tangibly harmed . " Sotomayor asked the lawyer for the companies : "  Is your claim limited to sensitive materials like contraceptives or does it include items like blood transfusion , vaccines ? For some religions , products made of pork ? Is any claim under your theory that has a religious basis , could an employer preclude the use of those items as well ? " Solicitor General Donald Verrilli , arguing for the administration , said the case was really not about the government or the corporate officers : "  The rights of the third party employees are at center stage here . " "  In the entire history of this country , there is not a single case in which a for-profit corporation was granted an exemption " on religious liberty grounds , when that would harm the rights of others , he added . Tough questions Justice Anthony Kennedy -- who may prove the decisive vote -- posed tough questions on both sides . "  The government , through its healthcare plan -- under your view -- is allowing the employer to put the employee in a disadvantageous position , he said at one point to Paul Clement , representing the Greens and Hahns . "  The employee may not agree with these religious beliefs of the employer . Do the religious beliefs just trump ? Is that the way it works ? " Clement said there were other ways to ensure an employer did not have to violate her religious beliefs , while still giving workers the mandated coverage . "  Because you have a unique situation here , where their policy is about a government subsidy for a government-preferred health care item , and the question is who pays ? " said Clement . "  The government paying or a third-party insurer paying is a perfectly good least restrictive alternative . " Chief Justice John Roberts wondered whether government 's interest was really "  compelling " as required , when the administration had already granted so many coverage exemptions -- including to houses of worship , religious non-profits , small companies , and grandfathered health plans . He suggested corporate rights extend into a wider range of areas , including allowing companies -- along with individuals -- to bring racial discrimination claims . "  Does the government have a position on whether corporations have a race ? " he asked Verrilli . Kennedy later took issue with the government on another point . "  Under your view , a for-profit corporation could be forced in principle to pay for abortions , " which is currently not allowed under federal law . "  No . I think , as you said , the law now is to the contrary , " replied Verrilli , who said most women taking IUDs do not equate that with abortion . "  But your reasoning would permit that , " said Kennedy , sharply . "  You say profit corporations just do n't have any standing to vindicate the religious rights of their shareholders and owners . " "  Is n't that what we are talking about in terms of their religious beliefs ? " added Roberts . "  One of the religious beliefs is that they have to pay for these four methods of contraception that they  corporations  believe provide abortions . " Under the ACA , financial penalties of up to $ 100 per day per employee can be levied on firms that refuse to provide comprehensive health coverage . Hobby Lobby , which has about 13,000 workers , estimates the penalty could cost it $ 475 million a year . Abortion rights groups urged the justices to again uphold a key tenet of Obamacare . "  What I think we saw today was the importance of having  three  women on the Supreme Court , " said Cecile Richards , President , Planned Parenthood Action Fund . "  What 's at stake in this case is whether millions of women and their right to preventive care including birth control is trumped by a handful of CEOs who have their own personal opinions about birth control . " The cases are Sebelius v. Hobby Lobby Stores , Inc.  13-354  ; and Conestoga Wood Specialties Corp. v. Sebelius  13-356  .	Justices appear divided along ideological lines in oral argument Hobby Lobby , Conestoga Wood Specialties say they run their firms with Christian values Obamacare 's contraception coverage requirements violate those values , they say Requirements apply to the corporations , not the individual owners , the government says
CNN  -- Why wait for the election in November ? The political convention host cities are already going head-to-head as part of our Destination USA project pitting rival cities against each other . Tampa , Florida , will host the Republican National Convention August 27-30 , while Charlotte , North Carolina , will host the Democratic National Convention September 3-6 . In our smackdown 's early returns , Charlotte handily won the vote . The North Carolina town earned a definitive victory with 66 percent of the more than 1,900 votes collected in our unscientific poll . More than 2,100 people recommended the story on Facebook and nearly 100 comments were logged on that story . "  Charlotte , to me , is the best of both worlds , " says commenter Tim Hass , who works in marketing/advertising in North Carolina 's largest metropolitan area . "  It 's a major city , so I 've got all the amenities of city life combined with the slightly slower pace of a smaller town . The weather is perfect for me , there are a lot of tree-lined streets and natural areas , and enough of a foodie culture that you can pretty much find anything you want if you put some effort into it . " The Tampa Bay area lagged behind with more than 660 votes , or 34 percent of the total . About 40 comments were filed , and the story was shared over 350 times on Facebook . That does n't mean Tampa lovers were n't enthusiastic about their home . "  You have it all here in TB : the hustle and bustle of a large city yet the pure peace of the white sandy beaches and nightly sunsets , " says iReporter Krista Kleman , a hotel executive . "  What do you love ? Well , good luck not finding it here in Tampa Bay . " Both towns clearly have plenty to offer the convention goers who will pack their cities to celebrate their candidates ' nominations . Hopefully , they 'll also have a bit of local fun . Here are some recommendations from the people who call these politically connected towns home . Winner of the NYC v. LA smackdown Both cities are blessed with food scenes that make choosing where to go your only conundrum . Hands down , Tampa locals recommend you get reservations at Bern 's Steak House . When you head to Bern 's , "  make sure you ask to take the tour , " advises commenter Paula Vann , a resident of nearby St. Petersburg . "  The tour will take you to their impressive wine cellar and then into their kitchen area . They grow their own produce and age their own beef . Also at Bern 's , the dessert is an experience in an upstairs part of the restaurant . " Make sure to stop by Ybor City , where there were many recommendations for Carmines and the Columbia Restaurant  the oldest restaurant in Florida  . Their menus are n't exclusively Cuban but they are "  the best for authentic Cuban food , " says iReporter Matthew Eaton , a cigar company employee . Eaton also recommends stopping by King Corona for a Cuban espresso and cigar and taking a stroll down 7th Avenue to see roosters and hens strutting around . Tampa resident and fellow iReporter Eduardo Jany also recommends Datz deli , Ella 's Americana Folk Art Cafe , Sophie 's French Bakery , Ceviche and Burger 21 . Charlotte residents can provide similarly long lists of restaurant recommendations . iReporter and videographer Scott Lazes loves the Common Market , Phat Burrito , Soul Gastrolounge and Harvest Moon Grille . Commenter Joel Thomas says Cabo Fish Taco is one of his favorite restaurants . "  Located in the artsy NoDa area near Uptown , it is an awesome Baja style restaurant with funky decor and amazing cuisine , " Thomas says . iReporter Ted Boyd , whose day job is to promote the city 's South End neighborhood , clearly loves food . A few recommendations from his South End list : Mac 's Speed Shop and Sauceman 's for BBQ , Price 's Chicken Coop , The Liberty , Pike 's Old Fashioned Soda Shop and Food Truck Friday  Camden and Park Ave  . In Uptown , he also likes the King 's Bakery , Rooster 's and the new 5 Church . In South Park , he recommends Paco 's Tacos & Tequila and Terrace Cafe . iReport : Miami beyond the beaches The water 's the thing in the Tampa Bay area , where miles of sandy beaches and a beautiful riverfront are available for swimming , picnics and play . Tampa resident have their favorites . Medical resident and iReporter Rainy Betts recommends the location for her daughter 's third birthday party , Curtis Hixon Waterfront Park on the Hillsborough River . "  We also have the most beautiful Tampa Bay , where large tropical birds fly overhead as your eye moves down the city skyline , or the long stretch on the waterfront lined by multimillion-dollar mansions and green space " called the Bayshore , Betts says . "  We have Clearwater Beach , probably the busiest of beaches , " says iReporter Mike Kramer . "  We have Honeymoon Island , Fort DeSoto , Caladesi Island , St. Pete Beach and even smaller beaches like Howard Park in Tarpon Springs . " N.C. lures "  Hunger Games " fans Charlotte resident and iReporter Jody Mace likes to recommend free and nearly free events at her website , Charlotte on the Cheap . "  I 've celebrated Day of the Dead at Pura Vida Worldly Art in NoDa , listened to a harmonica concert at Amelie 's bakery as I sipped coffee , heard some fine storytelling by members of the community at Crossroads Charlotte 's ` the Cankerworm " event , ' " she says . The NoDa neighborhood  named for North Davidson Street  is the place for some Charlotte residents . "  NoDa has some great music at the Evening Muse and the Neighborhood Theatre , amazing pizza at Revolution , and a couple of outstanding new microbrews at the NoDa Brewing Company and Birdsong , " Tim Hass says . "  One of my favorite areas of town is NoDa , where I often go with a group of friends to see bands or go to a gallery crawl , " says iReporter Edward , a student who did n't want his last name published . For those with a great sense of adventure and a little more to spend , locals recommend the U.S. National Whitewater Center , where actor Woody Harrelson was known to play during filming of "  The Hunger Games . " The non-profit , a U.S. Olympics training site , also hosts evening events such as flatwater paddle sessions followed by microbrew tastings . What 's next in this political battle ? Despite the early loss , Florida 's boosters are n't giving up so easily . They 're already creating lists of recommendations for conventioneers that include diving with the sharks at the Florida Aquarium and feeding the giraffes at Busch Gardens Tampa Bay . In the months leading up to the Republican convention , Florida 's tourism bureau will post video and blog recommendations for Tampa Bay convention attendees on its website . Not to be outdone by the Sunshine State , North Carolina already has a three-day "  City of Culture " Charlotte excursion on its website , and tourism officials are making plans to show off Charlotte to conventioneers come September . They 're guessing some politically competitive attendees will enjoy the NASCAR Hall of Fame , Charlotte Motor Speedway and team race shops . Next on our smackdown list : Portland , Oregon , versus Seattle , Washington . How will you vote ? Share your photos and suggestions on iReport.com .	Cigar aficionados can enjoy a smoke and a Cuban coffee in Tampa Bay 's historic Ybor City Tampa 's residents love its miles of white sandy beaches and gorgeous sunsets Charlotte 's NoDa neighborhood features restaurants , a lively music scene and art galleries Charlotte has the U.S. National Whitewater Center and the NASCAR Hall of Fame
London  CNN  The handwritten checklist looks like something any teenaged girl might make ahead of a vacation trip : makeup , bras , underwear , boots , an epilator . But this list was apparently made by the three UK schoolgirls suspected of traveling from London to Syria to join ISIS , according to Britain 's Guardian newspaper , which has seen the document . The girls ' families told British lawmakers Tuesday they had no idea what the girls were planning , and said they were baffled by the teenagers ' decision to leave their homes and families . The three East London classmates -- Shamima Begum , 15 ; Kadiza Sultana , 16 ; and Amira Abase , 15 -- boarded a Turkish Airlines plane from London 's Gatwick Airport to Istanbul on February 17 . They are thought to have crossed the Turkish border into Syria within days . Relatives also had harsh words for police , who they said failed to keep them informed after a close friend of the girls headed to Syria in December . Amira Abase 's father , Hussen Abase , told lawmakers at a hearing of the Home Affairs Select Committee that he had no idea his daughter was planning to go or that she might have been radicalized . Sahima Begum , the older sister of Shamima Begum , said her sister had been into "  normal teenage things , " like watching "  Keeping Up with the Kardashians , " reading and playing games on her phone . There was nothing to indicate she was radicalized , she said . Fahmida Aziz , first cousin of Kadiza Sultana , said that if the family had spotted any signs of radicalization , "  we would have been very effective in stepping in and querying " that thinking . She also said she had no idea how her cousin accessed the money needed for the trip . Committee chairman Keith Vaz said it was "  every parent 's nightmare that this should happen " and said he could only imagine the families ' distress and anguish . Who are the missing UK girls ? The families ' criticism of law enforcement hinges on a February 5 letter from the police which was given to the three girls to give to their parents , rather than being sent directly to the parents . The families claim they were not told about a 15-year-old friend of the girls going to Syria weeks earlier -- and say that had they known , they might have been able to prevent their daughters from traveling too . Metropolitan Police Chief Bernard Hogan-Howe apologized for his officers ' failure to get the letter directly to the parents , in his testimony before the committee . But he also pointed out the difficulties for police in conducting what was at that time a missing person inquiry for the first girl who left , with no sign that these three were planning to follow suit . Hogan-Howe said police were reviewing their procedures in light of what had happened . Assistant Commissioner Mark Rowley told the committee there was a "  steady flow " of girls trying to travel to Syria , perhaps one or two a month . He said subsequent police investigations indicated the three girls had paid in cash for their plane tickets to Turkey at a local travel agency , using money linked to the theft of jewelry from their families . None of the girls was reported missing until several hours after the flight had left for Istanbul . However , the families ' lawyer asked how they had managed , as minors , to board the flight without being challenged . CCTV footage also later showed that the girls spent much of the next day waiting at a bus station on the outskirts of Istanbul -- raising more questions about why they were not spotted then and whether UK police had communicated effectively with Turkish authorities . Rowley said that two people have been arrested in relation to child abduction in relation to the first girl who went missing , who has not been named . Asked how the UK might be able to get the girls back , Rowley cited an incentive : As long as they 're not connected to terrorist offenses , they 'll be able to return to their families . Rowley said police have no evidence that the girls have been involved in terrorism-related activities , and if that remained the case , they would n't be treated as terrorists upon their return . Who has been recruited to ISIS from the West ? The list was reportedly found in the bedroom of one of the girls and handed to police after her family realized she was missing . It detailed items to buy , such as underwear , a mobile phone and cosmetics , and estimated travel costs , apparently totaling # 2,190  $ 3,296  . The biggest single cost was the three plane tickets to Turkey , the newspaper said , at just over # 1,000 . The list , written on a page from a diary planner , had initials indicating which of the girls was to buy what or who the items were for . It 's not clear where they would have gotten the money to meet the costs . Over the weekend , the girls ' families asked for an apology from London 's Metropolitan Police over the force 's handling of the case . The police said in a statement Saturday that after the first girl went missing in December , a police officer spoke to seven of her school friends at Bethnal Green Academy -- including Shamima , Kadiza , and Amira -- as potential witnesses who might have information about the missing girl . A deputy principal at the girls ' school was present for the meeting and afterward contacted the parents of the seven girls , on the advice of police , and told them that the girls ' friend , referred to only as "  Girl 1 , " had been reported missing . An officer who then spoke to the same group of girls on February 5 gave them the letters addressed to their parents asking for further help from their daughters , the police statement said . But not all the letters were passed on . "  With the benefit of hindsight , we acknowledge that the letters could have been delivered direct to the parents , " the police statement said . "  However , the parents were already aware from the Deputy Head that Girl 1 had been reported missing , all the teenagers were all being co-operative , they were all being treated as potential witnesses and there was nothing whatsoever to indicate that they themselves were planning to travel to Syria . " What is ISIS ' appeal for young people ? Days before they left for Turkey , at least one of the girls allegedly contacted a young woman , Aqsa Mahmood , who left her home in Scotland to travel to Syria in 2013 and is accused of trying to recruit others via social media . She has posted tips for girls and young women wanting to travel to Syria to marry jihadis , as she did . Her blog also has links to advice posted by another jihad supporter , which recommends that those traveling to Syria seek to pack the essentials but not too much , since they may need to move often and at short notice , while remaining inconspicuous . Missing teens seen on video in Turkey before going to Syria	Police chief apologizes for failure to send letter to girls ' parents but defends police inquiry Relatives of the girls tell UK lawmakers they had no idea what the girls were planning Family members criticize how police handled the case , say they were not kept informed
CNN  -- Liverpool youngster Suso has been fined $ 16,000 by the English Football Association  FA  after calling a teammate "  gay " for getting his teeth whitened . The 19-year-old reacted to a photo that colleague Jose Enrique had posted on social networking site Twitter that showed him having treatment on his teeth . He posted : "  What f *** is he doing ? This guy is gay ... he does everything except play football . " Suso later deleted the tweet and has subsequently apologized . Enrique defended his teammate after news of the fine emerged , saying it was just "  banter " . " ` Is amazing how fa can fine my friend @suso30fernandez for a banter thing . Was just a joke ! " Enrique posted on his own Twitter site . Suso , who has made 13 appearances for Liverpool this season , has also been warned about his future conduct by the FA . A statement on their website read : "  Following an Independent Regulatory Commission hearing Liverpool 's Jesus Fernandez Saez  Suso  has been fined Â # 10,000 and warned as to his future conduct for a comment posted on Twitter . "  The charge , which the player admitted and requested a paper hearing , was that he acted in a way which was improper and/or brought the game into disrepute in that the comment was posted on his Twitter account and included a reference to a person/s sexual orientation and/or disability . " The sanctions meted out to Suso were welcomed by the Gay Football Supporters Network , but their chair Chris Basiurski said in a statement he thought the fine should go towards the fight against discrimination . "  We hope that it will continue to be a warning to people in the game that homophobic comments are not an acceptable form of banter and that people should take greater care when using social media . "  However , in a time where resources to fight discrimination in football are limited , we would like to see the monies received by The FA in fines reinvested in the fight against homophobia . "  Not only would it serve as an appropriate punishment for offences , but also provide a positive outcome , with the fines used to fund some of the important initiatives needed in the game to spread the inclusive message . " Suso apologized on Twitter after the FA 's verdict . He said : "  I 'm very sorry if anyone has been offended by my comments about the photo of my team-mate Jose Enrique . "  It was only a joke between the two of us . I realize that my words were unfortunate and it was not my intention to offend anyone . I apologize again if anyone was offended . "	Liverpool youngster Suso handed $ 16,000 fine by the English Football Association Spaniard called teammate Jose Enrique ` gay ' on social networking site Twitter FA charge 19-year-old with improper conduct and warn him about future behavior Enrique dismisses the exchange as just ` banter ' on his own Twitter page
LONDON , England  CNN  -- With irresponsible banking practices taking the blame for bringing about the global economic crisis , there has been a surge of interest in Islamic finance . Islamic finance is estimated to be worth $ 700 billion and has been growing by 15 to 20 percent per year . Now , a slew of academic courses are springing up to meet the demand of those wanting to break into an expanding market . According to ratings agency Moody 's , the global Islamic finance sector is worth $ 700 billion and has the potential to be worth $ 4 trillion . What 's more , the ethical principles underpinning Islamic finance are seen by some as offering a more sustainable alternative to profit-oriented conventional banking . The result is that academic institutions are lining up to offer formal training in the area . "  There is a huge demand for Islamic finance courses now , so large that it 's difficult to cope with , " Professor Habib Ahmed , Sharjah chair in the school of government and international affairs at Durham University , England , told CNN . Durham will launch a Masters degree in Islamic finance from October , becoming one of a number of European institutions to offer Islamic finance programs . "  Islamic finance has been growing by 15 to 20 percent per year for some time and there is a lot of interest at the moment . People are looking for alternatives after the economic crisis . " "  Islamic economists believe that if the principles of Islamic finance were followed the crisis would n't have happened . We are seeing a lot of non-Muslim countries , including the UK , France , Japan , Hong Kong and Singapore encouraging Islamic finance , " he said . There are many differences between Islamic and conventional banking practices . One fundamental difference is that Islamic banks do not charge interest . Rather than borrowers and lenders , the system is based on buyers and sellers . "  Conventional banking is biased to the seller . Islamic finance is trying to level the ethics between the two parties , " Aly Khorshid , an Islamic finance scholar who writes for Islamic Banking and Finance magazine , told CNN . "  People think the Islamic system is based on faith , but it 's based on justice . The system is based on justice for the two parties and how you get to the justice is extracted from Islamic faith , " he said . Khorshid said that there are similarities between "  ethical investment " schemes and Islamic finance , in that the Islamic system does not allow investment that harms people or the environment . He credits the rapid growth of the Islamic finance sector on the success of "  sukuk " -- Islamic bonds . In the West , banks including Lloyds TSB , HSBC , Deutsche Bank and Citibank all offer Islamic finance products , catering to a niche market of Muslim borrowers . But while Islamic banks allow Muslims to take advantage of financial services that are consistent with their religious beliefs , it is the ethics underpinning Islamic finance that are attracting the interest of conventional finance institutions keen to learn lessons from the banking crisis . Although Islamic banks have suffered from the global repercussions of the economic downturn , they emerged largely unscathed from the initial banking meltdown that brought about that financial turmoil . Ahmed told CNN that is because Islamic banks are not allowed to deal in mortgage-backed securities or credit-default swaps , two of the practices accused of helping bring about the banking crisis . Khorshid said that although it 's too early to say if Islamic finance has dealt with economic downturn better than conventional finance , the Islamic system has many more layers of risk assessment and management , which could help protect it from the problems afflicting conventional banks . But the growth of Islamic finance has brought its own problems . Critics say some banks use Islamic finance to package what are essentially conventional products . "  Islamic banks are also driven by the profit motive and sometimes that can dominate the ethics , " Ahmed told CNN . While Europe is catching up with the demand for these banking products , the U.S. is lagging behind . Ahmed says that regulatory and legal changes are needed for Islamic finance to grow in the U.S. , but he adds there are signs that Canada may become a North American center for Islamic finance . The lack of Islamic finance services in the U.S. is reflected in a relative lack of demand for Islamic finance courses , but in the UK there is the opposite problem . With students coming from Asia and the Middle East to get the qualifications that will help them take advantage of the Islamic finance boom , Ahmed says it is difficult for universities to find qualified teaching staff . "  Most people with PhDs in Islamic finance are working in the industry , making a lot of money , " he told CNN . He added that Islamic finance products have the potential to appeal to the non-Muslims market , pointing out that in Malaysia the majority of customers for Islamic banks are n't Muslims . "  If people look at the principles they 'll see something beneficial in terms of economics , rather than just religious reasons . It 's a type of ethical finance that may be attractive to a lot of people . "	There is an increase in demand for academic courses in Islamic finance Some believe Islamic finance principles would have avoided banking crisis Islamic banks do not charge interest or deal in mortgage-backed securities Some principles are similar to those used for ethical investments
CNN  -- Amanda Knox 's former boyfriend Raffaele Sollecito took the stand in an Italian court Wednesday , defending himself at a retrial in the 2007 killing of British exchange student Meredith Kercher . "  I would like to make you understand that these charges against me are absurd , " he said . "  There was not a basis to charge me , to put me in jail . ... I do n't wish anybody on Earth to go through what I went through . " He said that evidence against him -- a knife that was a key part of the prosecution 's case -- was "  an illusion . " "  I ask you ... to really look at reality , " he implored the judges . "  For me , it 's a nightmare that goes beyond imagination , " Sollecito said of what he 's been through . "  Right now , I do n't have a real life . " Sollecito , 29 , is not testifying in the case , which is being heard in an appeals court in Florence . But he made a spontaneous declaration , which is the right of any defendant in an Italian trial , and he is not under oath . He and Knox were convicted in 2009 of killing Kercher , 21 , who was found stabbed in November 2007 in the villa that she and Knox rented in the central Italian university town of Perugia . Their convictions were overturned in 2011 for "  lack of evidence . " But Italy 's Supreme Court decided last year to retry the case , saying the jury that acquitted them did n't consider all the evidence and discrepancies in testimony needed to be answered . Both Knox , 26 , and Sollecito have maintained their innocence . Afraid to return The retrial began on September 30 without either of them present in court . The presiding judge , Alessandro Nencini , read out the details of the case , including the conviction of Ivory Coast citizen Rudy Guede for his role in Kercher 's murder . Knox returned to her hometown of Seattle after her acquittal and has been living there since . She says she is afraid to return to Italy , where she spent four years behind bars . Sollecito was in the Dominican Republic at the start of the retrial but returned to Italy . He and Knox made several spontaneous declarations throughout the original trial and first appeal . But only Knox testified . Knox is crippled with fear DNA tests The court hearing Wednesday is expected to address new DNA tests of the knife that prosecutors say was used to kill Kercher . The knife was a critical piece of evidence in the original trial . The tests involve a small portion of the knife . According to recent Italian media reports , the tests rule out the possibility that Kercher 's DNA is present in the sample . That would support Knox and Sollecito 's case . The results are expected to be revealed in court Wednesday . Written conclusions by forensic experts have already been filed in Florence . The Italian authorities who examined the spot on the knife are expected to present their report . They will then be questioned by all parties . Knox is n't the only person watching the retrial from afar . Citing health reasons , Kercher 's relatives said in September that they had decided not to return to Italy for the retrial . The family said it would follow closely from Britain and remain in close contact with lawyers . CNN 's Hada Messia contributed to this report .	NEW : Raffaele Sollecito implores judges "  to really look at reality " He is not a witness and any statement would not be under oath He and Knox were acquitted in 2011 , but the case is back before an appeals court Knox has stayed in the United States ; she says she 's afraid to return to Italy
CNN  The Spanish nurse 's aide who contracted Ebola after treating virus-stricken patients in Madrid is now free of the virus , her doctors announced Tuesday after another test on her . Teresa Romero Ramos is clear of Ebola , physicians at Carlos III hospital said . She received an initial test , which turned up no virus in her blood , doctors said Sunday . More tests were administered to be sure she was virus-free . While Spain welcomes the good news about Ebola , the United States is doing more to help prevent the spread of the virus . The Department of Homeland Security said Tuesday that all arriving passengers from West African countries that Ebola has hit hardest -- Liberia , Sierra Leone and Guinea -- must land in one of the five U.S. airports that have enhanced Ebola screening . Those airports are New York 's John F. Kennedy International ; D.C. 's Washington Dulles ; New Jersey 's Newark Liberty International ; Chicago 's O'Hare International ; and Hartsfield-Jackson International in Atlanta . On its website , the Department of Homeland Security shows how many people have been screened and then taken to health care facilities for further checks . JFK appears to be outpacing the other airports in screenings . Also Tuesday , the World Health Organization announced that testing was underway at the National Institutes of Health in Maryland for an Ebola vaccine ; and a trial for a second vaccine , initially developed in Canada , has started at the Walter Reed Army Institute of Research in Silver Spring . The goal is to launch vaccine trials in West Africa by January , said Dr. Marie Paule Kieny , the WHO 's assistant director general for health systems and innovation . The initial vaccine tests are being given to volunteers in countries such as Mali , the United States and England . It is impossible to get Ebola from the vaccines , Kieny said , because they do not contain enough of the virus 's genetic material . But "  there is no vaccine that has no side effects at all , " she added . It 's not clear when vaccines could be distributed to the masses . That wo n't be determined until after test results come in . When the testing reaches West Africa , candidates could include relatives of infected Ebola patients , Kieny said . Debate over experimental drugs The WHO said it is also visiting sites in the three countries most devastated by Ebola -- Sierra Leone , Guinea and Liberia -- to see which treatment centers could participate in the testing of experimental Ebola drugs . But there is debate among medical ethicists about the drug trials -- namely , whether to use placebos in testing . While some say placebos are necessary to gauge the effectiveness of drugs , others say it 's unethical to withhold treatment for a disease with a mortality rate of about 50 % . CDC gives new guidelines The news from the WHO comes a day after the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention issued updated Ebola guidelines , focusing on better protecting health care workers . Dr. Tom Frieden , the director of the CDC , stressed the importance of more training and supervision , and he said no skin should be exposed when workers are wearing personal protective equipment , or PPE . "  We 're increasing the margin of safety with a real consensus guideline that has three key changes . One , training , practicing -- demonstrated hands-on experience so that the health care workers are comfortable donning and doffing PPE . Two , no skin exposure . Three , observation of every single step , putting on and taking off the PPE , " Frieden said . CNN 's Lindsay Isaac contributed to this report .	U.S. restricts passenger arrivals from Liberia , Sierra Leone , Guinea to five airports Spanish nurse 's aide is free of the Ebola virus after another test , doctors say National Institutes of Health has begun testing Ebola vaccine WHO hopes to start vaccine trials in West Africa by January 2015
CNN  A big asteroid will fly by Earth on Monday , but NASA says do n't worry -- we 'll be safe . The asteroid is called 2004 BL86 . It 'll come about 745,000 miles  1.2 million kilometers  from Earth , or about three times as far away as the moon at 11:19 a.m. ET , according to NASA . You 're wondering , does n't this happen all the time ? Yes and no . There are lots of asteroids that pose a threat to Earth -- about 550 as of January 22 . None are predicted to hit anytime soon . But asteroid 2004 BL86  yes , we also wish it had a catchier name  is big -- about a third of a mile  a half-kilometer  in size . It will be the closest known asteroid this large to pass near Earth until 2027 , that 's when an asteroid called 1999 AN10 flies by us . "  While it poses no threat to Earth for the foreseeable future , it 's a relatively close approach by a relatively large asteroid , so it provides us a unique opportunity to observe and learn more , " Don Yeomans , the recently retired manager of NASA 's Near Earth Object Program Office at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , California , said in a NASA press release . This asteroid is also interesting because you might be able to see it with strong binoculars or backyard telescopes . That 's a rare opportunity for most of us . "  I may grab my favorite binoculars and give it a shot myself , " said Yeomans . "  Asteroids are something special . Not only did asteroids provide Earth with the building blocks of life and much of its water , but in the future , they will become valuable resources for mineral ores and other vital natural resources . They will also become the fueling stops for humanity as we continue to explore our solar system . There is something about asteroids that makes me want to look up . " NASA scientists will snap radar-generated images using the Deep Space Network antenna at Goldstone , California , and the Arecibo Observatory in Puerto Rico . Yeomans retired January 9 after 16 years of tracking asteroids . Paul Chodas has been designated as the new manager . "  We should be getting some great radar images of this asteroid , " Chodas told CNN . "  Radar would be the key to study the asteroid 's surface , give an idea of its shape , whether it has rocks and that kind of stuff on it . It 'll be really exciting . " If you do n't have binoculars or a scope , you can watch from the comfort of your computer on The Virtual Telescope Project 2.0 . The asteroid was discovered on January 30 , 2004 , by a telescope of the Lincoln Near-Earth Asteroid Research  LINEAR  survey in White Sands , New Mexico . Want to know more about asteroids ? Check out NASA 's asteroid watch program or follow it on Twitter .	"  We should be getting some great radar images of this asteroid , " program manager Paul Chodas say On Monday , Asteroid 2004 BL86 will pass within 750,000 miles of Earth You might be able to see it with strong binoculars or backyard telescopes
CNN  -- "  I did n't become a nurse to risk dying -- by getting infected from a patient -- and then going home and infecting my children , too ! " the nurse told me . She was angry and afraid . A new infectious disease was rapidly spreading with no treatment and no end in sight , terrifying doctors , nurses and the public at large . As a medical student , I remember being afraid to touch patients with this deadly disease , anxious I might catch it . My instructors told me just to swipe my hands and stethoscope with a tiny alcohol wipe and not stick myself with a needle after drawing blood . But I was scared . Many doctors announced that they would not work in certain hospitals where they felt the disease was more likely . The year was 1984 , and the disease was HIV/AIDS . Survey showed that half of medical interns and residents would not continue to treat patients with this disease , if given a choice . Over the past few weeks , I have thought back to that era , as fears of Ebola grip the nation . For about 15 years -- from its first identification in 1981 until demonstration of its effective treatment , using the so-called "  cocktail " in 1997 -- fears of HIV swept the world . Ebola and HIV are both transmitted through bodily fluids , and potentially fatal . Ebola is far more contagious to caregivers -- mere exposure to bodily fluids such as saliva can spread it . Our responses to the epidemic of HIV have several lessons to teach us . With Ebola , we have not yet seen large numbers of health care professionals announcing that they do not want to come to work because of the possible risks to themselves . Certainly , some may not want to report to duty to the Dallas hospital where exposures have occurred , but the vast majority of health care professionals continue to be prepared to treat patients in emergency rooms and elsewhere across the country . Several doctors and nurses are now getting infected as well -- most recently Dr. Craig Spencer from my institution -- Columbia University Medical Center . It is a scary time to be a doctor or nurse . Medicine has always depended on providers putting themselves at some risk . We aim to minimize these dangers , but they often persist . Until recently , a clear social contract existed concerning medical professionals . Doctors and nurses agreed to put themselves at danger to help their patients because they operated not just from an economic model of a job description , but from a more profound moral sense of commitment to beneficence -- to the health and well-being of their patients . They accepted that sometimes they would have to put their patients ' needs ahead of their own . Such commitment aids patients and society and instills trust . But that professionalism is diminishing as caring for patients evolves from a "  calling " to merely a "  job . " In the end , countless health professionals and I overcame our fear and treated patients with HIV . One surgeon announced , "  any staff member who does not want to treat these patients should simply plan to no longer come to work " -- i.e. , to quit . None did . Yet in all the attention given to the current Ebola crisis , little has been said about the extraordinary heroism of Doctors Without Borders -- an organization better known by its French name , Medicins Sans Frontiers -- and other health care professionals putting themselves on the front lines . This organization in particular has emerged as for its inspiring heroism . In March , MSF started responding to this Ebola outbreak , and by June it declared the epidemic was "  out of control " and that the organization had reached the limit of what it can do alone , calling on the world to provide more aid . But precious weeks passed . Only in August did the CDC issue its first news release about this outbreak . Still , MSF continued to work hard on the front lines in Africa , instituting and following procedures for protecting providers that far exceeded those of the vastly better-resourced United States and have only belatedly become the gold standard . Why ? Because they worked hard to uphold their professional ideals . Their moral commitment has motivated them to respond to crises and develop expertise in delivering on-the-ground care in emergencies . MSF understands that adequate resources must be marshaled to deal with potential outbreaks . But in the United States , we have underfunded governmental health care agencies involved in disease prevention and disaster preparedness at all levels . Many legislators have argued for less government involvement in our lives and less public health infrastructure . But in a crisis , our nation demands that the Centers for Disease Control and state and local Public Health Departments protect us while struggling with increasingly limited budgets . The Ebola crisis has revealed serious gaps in our health care system , and we need to think broadly how to deal more effectively with future epidemics . We should also acknowledge the need to support professionals on the front lines of health care delivery . Their courage in facing this disease should inspire us , since in recent years , notions of medical professionalism have been under siege as profit motives and economic bottom lines drive our health care system . Insurance companies , health systems and others pressure physicians and nurses to see themselves as employees who punch time clocks and service clients rather than as professionals who care for patients . Consequently , health providers demonstrate more burnout , as they have had their ideals eroded . Those who are fully committed -- and there are still many -- have our appreciation . Historically , doctors and nurses have rallied to care for our sickest patients , sometimes placing themselves at significant risk . In the upcoming months , these professionals will be among our greatest weapons against this modern plague .	Robert Klitzman : As fear of Ebola grips the nation , I think back on how HIV/AIDS scared the world Klitzman : It is a scary time to be a doctor or nurse ; health professional are at the front lines He says Doctors Without Borders , in particular , has emerged for its inspiring heroism Klitzman : Despite eroding morals in health care , we still have many dedicated professionals
CNN  Spring is in the air and streaming movies , TV shows and specials will be here to further brighten our days . From original Netflix series to new offerings from Amazon Prime , Hulu , iTunes and Acorn , there 's plenty to do on rainy days and the cool spring nights . "  And Now ... Ladies and Gentlemen " "  Bandolero " "  Barnyard " "  The Beautician and the Beast " "  Bound " "  Buffalo Soldiers " "  The Crocodile Hunter : Collision Course " "  Down to Earth " "  Leprechaun 3 " "  Leprechaun 4 : In Space " "  Leprechaun 6 : Back 2 tha Hood " "  Suicide Kings " "  Sunset Strip " "  Underworld " "  Whiteboyz " "  Wrong Turn at Tahoe " "  Life Partners " "  Sinbad : The Fifth Voyage " "  All Hail King Julien " season 1 "  Derek : Special " "  Starry Eyes " "  The Quiet Ones " "  Delta Farce " "  Preservation " "  Wilfred " season 4 "  Halt and Catch Fire " season 1 "  Crank " "  Pioneer " "  The Awakening " "  Broken " "  Burning Bridges " "  Confusion Na Wa " "  Finding Mercy " "  Finding Mercy 2 " "  Flower Girl " "  Forgetting June " "  Knocking on Heaven 's Door " "  Lagos Cougars " "  Lies Men Tell " "  Mad Couple " "  Mad Couple 2 " "  Marvel 's Daredevil " season 1 "  Matters Arising " "  October 1 * " "  Onye Ozi " "  Ties That Bind " "  The Identical " "  Video Game High School " season 3 "  The Babadook " "  Goodbye to Language " "  Kink " "  Hot Fuzz " "  Baby Daddy " season 4 "  Chris D'Elia : Incorrigible Standup " "  They Came Together " "  Noah " "  A Girl Walks Home Alone at Night " "  Sons of Anarchy " season 7 "  The Nutty Professor 2 : Facing the Fear " "  National Treasure " "  The Brothers Grimm " "  Ken Burns : The Roosevelts " "  Amistad " "  Death Wish 1 & 2 " "  Escape from Alcatraz " "  French Connection II " "  Mommie Dearest " "  My Old Lady "  Prime member exclusive "  Suicide Kings " "  The Thing Called Love " "  Kicking & Screaming " "  Saved ! " "  Leprechaun " "  Leprechaun 2 , 3 & 5 " "  Bloody Sunday " "  Godzilla " "  Star Trek : The Motion Picture , II , III & V " "  Groundhog Day " "  Tusk "  Prime member exclusive "  Little Women " "  Submarine " "  The Better Angels "  Prime member exclusive "  Craig Ferguson : Does This Need to Be Said ? " "  Ping Pong Summer " "  Still Life "  Prime member exclusive "  They Came Together " "  Noah " "  Son of a Gun "  Prime member exclusive "  Sons of Anarchy " season 7 "  Lay the Favorite " "  The Quiet Ones " "  America : Imagine the World Without Her " "  Louie " season 4 "  The Red Road " season 2 premiere "  Taken 3 " "  Big Eyes " "  Cut Bank " "  The Last Knights " "  Electric Slide " "  A.D " series premiere "  Mad Men " new episodes return "  Wolf Hall " series premiere "  If There Be Thorns " "  American Odyssey " free series premiere "  Salem " season 2 premiere "  Women in Black 2 " "  Sonic Highways " free series premiere + complete season "  Better Call Saul " season finale "  Louie " season 5 premiere "  The Comedians " series premiere "  The Messengers " series premiere "  The Gambler " "  Yellowbird " "  With This Ring " "  DC Batman v. Robin " "  Cake " "  The Marine 4 : Moving Target " "  Turn " season 2 premiere "  Deadliest Catch " season 11 premiere "  Justified " series finale "  Orphan Black " season 3 premiere "  Wedding Ringer " "  The Boy Next Door " "  The Man With the Iron Fists 2 " "  The Pyramid " "  Beyond the Reach " "  Alex of Venice " Paddington  4/17 "  Girls " season 4 "  Looking " season 2 "  Inside Amy Schumer " season 3 premiere "  Jupiter Ascending " "  Mea Culpa " "  Black Sea " "  Jupiter Ascending " "  Citizenfour " "  Adult Beginners " "  24 Days " "  Black Sails " season 2 "  American Sniper " "  Strawberry Shortcake : Best in Show " "  Mommy " "  DC Batman Unlimited Animal Instincts " "  Weird Loners " series premiere "  19 Kids & Counting " season 12 "  90 Day Fiance " season 1 "  Cake Boss " season 10 "  Deadliest Catch " season 10 "  Fast N ' Loud " season 5 "  Finding Bigfoot " season 5 "  Gator Boys " season 4 "  Gold Rush " season 4 "  Gypsy Sisters " season 2 "  Homicide Hunter " season 3 "  How It 's Made " season 16 "  Long Island Medium " season 6 "  Man vs Wild " season 6 "  Monsters and Mysteries in America " season 1 "  Moonshiners " season 3 "  My Cat from Hell " season 4 "  My Crazy Obsession " season 2 "  My Strange Addiction " season 4 "  MythBusters " season 15 "  Nightmare Next Door " season 7 "  Pit Bulls and Parolees " season 5 "  Say Yes to the Dress : Atlanta " season 6 "  Street Outlaws " season 2 "  The Little Couple " season 8 "  Too Cute " season 4 "  Unusual Suspects " season 6 "  Shadows and Fog " "  Stardust Memories " "  Teen Wolf " "  Candyman " "  The City of the Lost Children " "  Donnie Brasco " "  Enough " "  House of Flying Daggers " "  On the Waterfront " "  Seven Years in Tibet " "  Starship Troopers " "  VeggieTales : Dave and The Giant Pickle " "  VeggieTales : Larryboy and The Fib From Outer Space " "  American Odyssey " series premiere "  Bunnytown " season 1 "  Doc McStuffins " season 1 "  Handy Manny " seasons 1-3 "  CSI " seasons 1-14 "  CSI en Espanol " seasons 1-14 "  Wilfred " season 4 "  Hot in Cleveland " season 6b "  The Soul Man " season 4 "  Walk of Shame Shuttle " season 1 "  Resident Advisors " season 1  Hulu exclusive "  The Messengers " series premiere  Hulu original "  Deadbeat " season 2 premiere "  Top Gear : The Perfect Road Trip " "  Sons of Anarchy " season 7 "  A Place to Call Home " season 2 "  Lovejoy " series 6 "  McCallum " "  The Driver " "  Time Team Set 8 " "  Murdoch Mysteries " movies	New streaming content is coming Netflix is premiering its original series "  Marvel 's Daredevil " "  Ken Burns : The Roosevelts " will stream on Amazon Prime
CNN  Manchester United and skipper Wayne Rooney significantly boosted its own chances and delivered a probable knockout blow to Tottenham Hotspur 's hopes of Champions League qualification with 3-0 home win Sunday . First half goals from Marouane Fellaini , Michael Carrick and Rooney effectively ended the EPL match as a contest , with the win leaving United in fourth spot , but only two points adrift of second-placed Manchester City . Tottenham is seventh , six points adrift of the top four . Rooney 's third after another piece of disastrous defending from the visitors led to an impromptu and topical goal celebration , which was certainly the main talking point . A national newspaper had posted a video on on social media Sunday which appeared to show Rooney being felled by fellow EPL footballer and former United teammate Phil Bardsley as both donned boxing gloves for a "  friendly " fight in his kitchen . After he had converted following a mistake by Nabil Bentaleb , Rooney threw a few mock punches then keeled over backwards on to the Old Trafford turf . Tottenham 's players and fans were probably the only people not to see the funny side , but the joke was on them , having gone into the match seeking a third straight away win at United and five games unbeaten against the Red Devils . From United first significant attack on nine minutes , an unmarked Fellaini was found by Carrick and the Belgian international beat Hugo Lloris with a low shot . Fellaini caused chaos in the Tottenham defense for the second with Carrick left free to head home from distance . Rooney 's emphatic strike after Bentaleb gifted him possession , proved the icing on the cake . The victory eases the pressure on manager Louis Van Gaal and his expensively assembled side after some lackluster recent performances and last Monday 's disappointing FA Cup exit to Arsenal . It meant Tottenham , off the back of two straight wins and with Harry Kane in top form , was favored going into the crucial match , but the young striker barely had a glimpse of goal , until having his side 's first shot on target after fully 88 minutes as United dominated . Earlier , Chelsea extended its lead at the top of the EPL to six points but was held 1-1 at home to Southampton in another less than convincing performance from Jose Mourinho 's team . Off the back of a disappointing Champions League exit to Paris Saint Germain , Chelsea again struggled to find its best form at Stamford Bridge despite going in front from Diego Costa 's 18th league goal . Dusan Tasic equalized from the spot for the Saints after Nemanja Matic was adjudged to have fouled Sadio Mane , with Chelsea protests waved away . Chelsea found Fraser Forster hard to beat and the visiting goalkeeper made fine saves from Oscar , Eden Hazard and Juan Cuadrado to deny the leaders three points . However , it has a commanding lead plus a game in hand over chasing Manchester City , which lost 1-0 to Burnley Saturday , in a severe blow to hopes of retaining the title . In Sunday 's other EPL clash , Everton eased its relegation fears with a 3-0 win over Newcastle , who had Fabricio Coloccini sent off for a foul on Aaron Lennon , who is on loan at Goodison from Tottenham . In La Liga , Gareth Bale snapped a recent lean spell of scoring form with both goals as Real Madrid beat Levante 2-0 in the Bernabeu . The record signing struck first in the 17th minute when Cristiano Ronaldo 's acrobatic effort was cleared off the line and the Welshman scored the rebound . The same combination was at work for the second in the 40th minute with Ronaldo 's strike helped into the visiting net by Bale . Ronaldo might have added to the tally and missed several opportunities but Real was never threatened by Levante and eased to the three points . It leaves them a point adrift of Barcelona ahead of next weekend 's El Clasico , which could go a long way to determining the title race .	Manchester United thrashes Tottenham Hotspur 3-0 Wayne Rooney celebrates his goal by pretending to be knocked out Chelsea held 1-1 at home but extends EPL lead at top to six points Gareth Bale scores twice as Real Madrid keeps pace in La Liga
Gaza City , Gaza  CNN  -- Each one bears his own scar . This close-knit band of paramedics and ambulance drivers risk their lives saving others on the front lines of Gaza 's wars . Paramedic Alaa Abu Sheir has a shrapnel wound to the arm . But that 's not the one that cuts the deepest . When we find him , he 's washing the blood off a stretcher in his ambulance . That 's the blood of 24-year-old Mohamed Hamdan , who was reciting the Quran when a missile from an Israeli drone struck him Monday . Abu Sheir and his colleagues scraped together the unconscious and broken Hamdan . He tells CNN how he and his colleagues struggled to plug the holes in the man 's body with gauze to stop him from bleeding to death -- all while the ambulance races toward Gaza 's main hospital , Shifa . It 's back at the ambulance depot that we catch up with Abu Sheir and more than a dozen of his colleagues . It 's here where the tragic cycle begins again . It all starts with a phone call -- the emergency number in Gaza is one , zero , one . At the ambulance dispatch center located in Jerusalem Hospital in Gaza City , workers from the Palestinian Red Crescent Society monitor phones , maps and computers while they wait for the inevitable . A board illuminated with red numbers tallies 193 dead and 1,481 injured as of Tuesday afternoon . A job that requires a lot of risk The head of emergency services in Gaza , Dr. Bashar Mourad , directs the nearest ambulance to the latest Israeli airstrike . The fight between the Israeli military and Gaza militants began over a week ago . It 's not the first time . Mourad has a deep , personal understanding of the importance of a quick response . In the December 2008 to January 2009 war between Israel and Hamas , a war that was code-named "  Cast Lead , " shrapnel injured Mourad 's then 10-year-old son . "  Time is a matter of life or death , " says the doctor . But he 's also acutely aware that every dispatch puts his paramedics in harm 's way . In Cast Lead , he says he had more than 30 paramedics killed and almost all of his ambulances destroyed . In 2012 's conflict , he says , one paramedic was killed and 7 were injured . This time around , he says , he 's been lucky : only 15 paramedics have been injured . Back at the ambulance depot , exhausted shift manager Ayman Shahwan takes incoming calls . Paramedics work 24-hours on , 24-hours off . It puts a strain on their nerves . "  Everything is bad in the war . We do not like war , " says Shahwan . "  We want this war to stop . " The phone rings once again , when suddenly the building shutters and windows rattle . A large bomb just exploded nearby . On the lookout for a second explosion A controlled panic grips the station as ambulance after ambulance races toward the rising plume of black smoke . They stop short of the crater . Experience has taught them that there could be a second bomb . Paramedics and firefighters wait in the periphery until they get the all clear . This time nobody was injured . They return to base , where Abu Sheir and other paramedics sit with a feast of rice , lamb , dates and juice . Night is just beginning to fall and the ambulance men are getting ready to break their fast . This is the Islamic holy month of Ramadan , during which the faithful abstain from eating or drinking between sunrise to sunset . They joke around about being tempted to break it too early ; something frowned upon . The levity is needed to dispel the day 's morbid encounters . War affects each man a different way . But they say it 's the emotional scars that are the hardest to bear . "  The anger boils inside us as the pressure grows , knowing our actions are a matter of life or death . " says 39-year-old Yassin Mutier , the station chief of Tel El Hawa ambulance station . "  Unfortunately , we carry those emotions home and fight with our families . " 39-year-old Ra'aid Shaheen talks about how the 20 to 30 trips a day can be dangerous . He recalls once when he "  had finished dropping off a victim and was driving past a police station while on our way back to our station . Rockets started raining down on the police and the shock wave tossed our car like a toy . " Another call haunts him , too . "  We heard two kids selling ice cream were hit in Al Shajaya neighborhood , " he says . "  The only thing we could do for them was to collect the pieces of their bodies . " False hope and a realization Then there is 50-year-old Jihad Seleem . There 's not much this paramedic of 17 years and father of two has n't seen . But even this stoic man has trouble talking about his worst encounter . He arrived on scene of a smoldering car hit by a bomb . "  We saw kids meticulously collecting body parts and trying to aid the injured , " says Seleem . "  They felt it was their duty to help . " But late Monday it seemed like their nightmare was about to be over . The room erupts into cheering and song as the radio announces that the Egyptian government has proposed a cease-fire between Israel and Gaza militants for the following day . Relief spreads across their faces with knowledge that they may have survived another war . By the following day , they realized that would n't be the case . The militants rejected the cease-fire call by releasing a barrage of rockets . And Israel resumed airstrikes on this coastal strip . The fighting was about to get worse and the scars were about to cut a whole lot deeper . Abu Sheir got an update about his wounded patient 's condition -- the young man hit in a drone strike . He did n't make it . He died at the hospital . How did this happen ? Iraq , Syria , Gaza and Libya all in flames Trapped in war : ` This is tyranny '	Ambulance crews in Gaza routinely dispatched to airstrike scenes They , too , are at risk of being killed and wounded Crew members share accounts of tending to wounded
The rat-a-tat of a hundred green sewing machines . The hypnotic hum of spools spinning brightly colored threads . The hiss of a thousand clothing irons . Set aside for a moment what you think you know about the garment factories in Bangladesh : grimy , sweaty , children sitting in dimly lit , sweltering rooms sewing shirts you buy at your box store for $ 12 . Here at Lakhsmi Sweaters , the only children are in its in-house day care . At this factory in Gazipur , on the outskirts of the capital Dhaka , workers sit in long , orderly rows , under bright neon lights , with fans blasting full speed . They get hourlong lunch breaks and free medicine . Medical checkups are mandatory , and the factory employs a full-time doctor . New mothers receive maternity leave -- and pay . "  The atmosphere should always be healthy , friendly and livable . We do n't need buyers to tell us that , " said Safina Rahman , director of Lakhsmi and one of just a handful of female owners in what is predominantly a male-run industry . "  This is my duty . This is how I 'd want my children to grow . " But in the wake of the Rana Plaza disaster when Bangladesh 's extremely lucrative garment business has come under increased international scrutiny , Rahman and her workers worry about the effect the backlash will have on them . Retailers in the West are rethinking their partnerships as customers threaten to shop elsewhere . United Students Against Sweatshops , a labor rights group , is planning protests against clothiers it believes are n't committed to strict standards in Bangladesh . And the Obama administration may take away the tax breaks Bangladesh get for goods that the United States imports . The seamstress in the rubble All of which would have devastating consequences for Bangladesh . The garment industry has been a boon for this South Asian nation of 160 million . It pumps $ 20 billion a year into the economy . In a country where 31 % of the population lives below the poverty line , the industry has been a salvation for 4 million people working in more than 4,500 factories . "  More than 2 million people are working in this trade ; maybe more , " Rahman said . "  If one  worker  has four people to look after in the family , that 's almost 8 million people who are living off this trade . " "  If we are bloodsuckers , who is contributing to this economy ? " she added . "  It 's become a big-time challenge for us . People like us . " Contented workers Poppy Begum is a stitcher here , one of 2,000 workers spread across four floors . She works nine-hour days , six days a week , helping create sweaters and other knitwear bound for Europe , Canada and Australia . In an industry where the turnover is extremely high , many of the workers such as Begum have been here for almost a decade . It 's easy to see why : The starting wage is $ 51 a month -- higher than the industry average of $ 35 . They are trained in first aid . And they appoint a representative who airs their grievances to management . In other words , the accusations that bedevil the industry now -- safety issues , workers rights , low pay -- are addressed here . "  We get paid on time . If Friday is a holiday , we get paid a day earlier , " Begum said . We spoke to several workers at Lakhsmi and asked them to speak freely about their conditions . They seemed content . It turns out that medium-sized factories such as this are n't the ones creating the headlines . They are tailored for the task , they meet safety standards and they pass inspections . The problem children are the many , many factories that have mushroomed in and around Dhaka that rent space in facilities where they have no business being : shopping malls or office buildings that are n't equipped to handle the heavy machinery the trade requires . Opinion : Stop cashing in on Bangladeshi workers Fly-by-night operations Until now , the government has turned a blind eye to the problem . After all , the factories were boosting employment -- even if they were doing so in spaces crammed to the hilt with workers with zero safety regulations . Since 2005 , almost 2,000 garment workers have been killed in factory fires and structure collapse . And all of them have been at such small , unregulated factories . These facilities do n't directly deal with Western clothiers . When a company in the United States places an order , it does so with a large or a medium-sized factory that most likely lives up to the company 's standards for a decent wage and working conditions . But , just like a contractor working on your home will farm out parts of the job to others , these factories sometimes do the same -- to smaller , fly-by-night operations . And with business booming , with a greater demand for goods and with the need to keep costs down so the consumers in the West can continue to purchase cheap shirts , such passing-of-the-buck has become more commonplace . Changes afoot ? But the Rana Plaza disaster may change all that . The shopping mall in the Dhaka suburb of Savar was built on swampland , with the owner adding four more floors to what was once a five-story structure , officials said . It housed five garment factories and generators on the fourth floor to keep them buzzing . It collapsed April 24 , killing more than 1,100 and ranking as the deadliest industrial disaster in the country . The outrage over the disaster reached such a fever pitch that the government said it will form a committee to raise the minimum wage of garment workers . The Cabinet also approved the draft of a law that will allow workers to unionize and force factories to offer life insurance . For its part , the Bangladesh Garment Manufacturing and Export Association said it too is taking additional steps . Until now , it had standards for workplace safety but not for the structural safety of a building . "  Before this Rana Plaza incident , BGMEA did not have the technical know-how people to check the structural design . We did n't have any civil engineers , " said Reza Bin Mahmood , vice president with the association . Those inspections have now begun . But with more than 4,500 factories , the task is daunting . "  It 's not an easy job . And we can not finish it by overnight , " he said , urging that the factories be improved and updated with money from retailers . Bangladesh vs. U.S. : How much does it cost to make a denim shirt ? Spurred to action Some international retailers are doing just that . More than a dozen European clothiers signed on to a plan to help prevent fire and building collapses in Bangladesh . The five-year plan calls for independent safety inspections and for companies to publicly report the findings . It also requires retailers to help finance fire safety and building improvements in factories with which they work . Companies who sign on will have to terminate business with any factory that refuses to make necessary safety upgrades . But many U.S. retailers , including Wal-Mart , have not signed on . Wal-Mart said it will perform its own inspections and provide every worker with fire safety . Over at Lakhsmi , the changes for the industry are welcome ones . Here , workers are assigned as fire wardens and extinguishers hang on the walls on each floor . "  At times , I feel ashamed to be in this trade , " Rahman , the factory owner , said . "  Not for me but  because  somebody from this trade has done this irresponsible thing and took so many lives . "  This is just not done . It should not be repeated again . " Bangladesh , Myanmar prepare for cyclone Hong Kong calls on Bangladesh to fill worker shortage	Factories that follow the rules worry about an unfair backlash from the Rana Plaza disaster Since 2005 , almost 2,000 garment workers have been killed in accidents All of them have occurred at factories with little oversight The Savar disaster has spurred retailers , the industry and the government into action
CNN  -- The FBI questioned passengers from a Delta Airlines flight from Detroit to Denver on Friday after a potential security threat . "  The majority of the Delta Flight 1500 passengers have been allowed to claim their luggage and continue with their travel plans , " FBI spokesman Dave S. Joly said . The screening that included police officers with the K9 unit delayed their arrival at the terminal by about four hours . "  Why did it take so long ? What was the real holdup here ? What were they really looking for ? " asked Jace Booher , according to CNN affiliate KDVR . A law enforcement official told CNN that a bomb threat found written on a note prompted the security screening after the plane landed at Denver International Airport . The 737 aircraft , which was carrying 151 passengers and six crew members , landed safely at 4:40 p.m. MT as scheduled , said Russell Cason , a spokesman for Delta . The plane was taken to a remote location at the airport for the screening . Teen arrested for tweeting airline terror threat Sources : Airlines warned to beware of possible shoe bombs CNN 's Pamela Brown and Matthew Stucker contributed to this report .	Official : Bomb threat is found on a note Flight lands safely at Denver International Airport The FBI questions passengers at a remote airport location
CNN  -- Self-help author and speaker James Arthur Ray announced Thursday that he is postponing all of his scheduled events through the end of the year after the deaths of three people in a sweat lodge session he led . "  In the days following the terrible accident , I struggled to respond in the right way , " Ray wrote on his Web site Thursday . "  This is the most emotionally wrenching situation I 've ever faced , and it 's now clear I must dedicate all of my physical and emotional energies to helping bring some sort of closure to this matter . That means helping the authorities and the families get to the bottom of what happened . " Three people died after spending time in the sweat lodge near Sedona , Arizona , on October 8 . Nearly 20 others were injured . Two were pronounced dead shortly after they arrived at a hospital , and a third died October 17 after being hospitalized since the incident . Ray wrote last week on his site that he would keep going with his programs "  despite considerable criticism " because his work is "  too important " not to continue with it . But in his blog Thursday , he said he now will devote all of his time to assisting authorities in their investigation . "  For that reason , I 'm postponing all the events I had planned for the remainder of 2009 . These events will be rescheduled as soon as possible in 2010 -- once the essential work that must be done on the Sedona tragedy has been completed , " Ray wrote . A homicide investigation has begun , law enforcement officials have said . Yavapai County Sheriff Steve Waugh said October 15 that the sweat lodge was meant to be a "  spiritual awakening " exercise for participants in Ray 's Spiritual Warrior program . According to a description of the program on Ray 's Web site , participants would learn to "  carve out -LSB- their -RSB- own destiny and quickly develop the strength and determination to live it " as they experienced "  a new technologically enhanced form of meditation that creates new neurological pathways , allowing you to experience powerful whole-brain thinking  this one 's gon na knock your socks off  . " Each participant paid $ 9,695 to attend the program at the Angel Valley Retreat Center . One of them was Beverly Bunn of Texas , who described a scene of horror and confusion inside the sweat lodge , a dome-like structure covered with tarps and blankets . Hot rocks and water inside created steam . "  Everybody was throwing up everywhere . There was spitting going on . ... People were so disoriented , they were screaming at one point , " she said . "  I saw all of these people lying around and mucus coming out of their nose and mouth and eyes rolled back in their heads . " Bunn said the sauna-like conditions sickened several of the people inside . "  They were yelling and yelling , yelling at this man because he was so disoriented that he actually started crawling into the pit with the hot rocks . " Native Americans used sweat lodges in spiritual and physical purification ceremonies . Ray is widely known for programs that claim to teach people how to create wealth from all aspects of their lives : financially , mentally , physically and spiritually . He has appeared on various national programs in the United States , including CNN 's "  Larry King Live . "	Three people died after spending time in Arizona sweat lodge this month James Ray : "  I must dedicate all of my ... energies to helping bring some sort of closure " He is postponing all scheduled events through end of the year Law enforcement officials say homicide investigation has begun
FIFA Secretary General Jerome Valcke has apologized to Brazil 's minister of sports for a "  misinterpretation in the translation " of his comment saying the country needs a "  kick up the backside " to be ready in time for the 2014 World Cup . Valcke 's letter of apology to Aldo Rebelo came hours after the country had sent official notice to FIFA that it would no longer accept Valcke as liaison . "  We received with astonishment the inappropriate statements by Mr. Jerome Valcke in recent days to the international press . The form and content of statements escaped the patterns of harmonious coexistence between a sovereign country such as Brazil and an international organization , such as FIFA , " wrote Rebelo . Valcke , in his letter Monday , explained that in French , "  se donner un coup de pied aux fesses " means "  to pick up the pace . " Unfortunately , he wrote , the expression had been translated so that in Portuguese it used much "  stronger words . " The translation was a literal one . "  There is certainly an air of concern at FIFA , and as the person who is ultimately responsible for delivery of the FIFA World Cup , I am under quite some pressure , " he said . Valcke and a large team of FIFA representatives are due to visit Brazil next week . FIFA President Sepp Blatter also sent his own apology . The Sports Ministry said in a news release that it had it received a letter from Blatter on Tuesday . According the ministry , Blatter said : "  My only comment in relation to this issue is to apologize to all of those whose honor and pride were injured , especially the Brazilian government and President Dilma Rousseff . " On Friday , Valcke had once again criticized Brazil 's progress , saying the country is more worried about winning the World Cup that preparing for it . FIFA has repeatedly voiced its concern that stadiums and other infrastructure , such as airports , are not being built quickly enough . Among other issues , Brazilian lawmakers have balked at approving the sale of beer at games , which is illegal there . Valcke stressed that he has no doubt that the 2014 FIFA World Cup will be held in Brazil and that he holds great respect and admiration for the nation . According to Brazilian state run news agency Agencia Brasil , the Ministry of Sports will decide whether to accept the apology after reviewing Valcke 's letter .	FIFA President Sepp Blatter also sent his own apology to Brazil FIFA 's secretary general has been quoted as saying Brazil needs a "  kick up the backside " Jerome Valcke says there was a misinterpretation in the translation into Portuguese He repeats concerns about Brazil 's progress on hosting the 2014 World Cup
CNN  -- Abdul Aziz believes he was standing right next to a shooter Sunday when gunmen opened fire at a Mother 's Day parade in New Orleans , injuring 19 people . "  Everyone around me , except me , was shot , " he said . "  I was pretty fortunate to get away . " Aziz , 33 , a photojournalist , was at the second-line parade when gunfire broke out at the corner of Frenchman Street and North Villere Street . Second-line parades , which involve dancing and brass bands , are a New Orleans tradition . They happen most every Sunday , except during the hottest months in summer , according to Aziz . "  We turned off of a main thoroughfare to a smaller residential street , and that 's when the shots rang out . I was standing , I believe , right next to the shooter . I saw muzzle flash , but unfortunately I did n't get a chance to see who the shooter was , " he said . People panicked and ran . Aziz , who has worked in the Middle East , started taking pictures . He sent those images to CNN iReport . "  It 's a little jarring when you see these types of things on the home front , " he said . "  I 'm sad . I love this city . We 're plagued by crime , and it 's just not getting better no matter what we do . " According to police , 19 people were injured in the shooting , including two children . Ten men and seven women were among the victims . The children suffered graze wounds . Other injuries ranged from minor to severe . Shots were fired from different guns , and officers saw three suspects running from the scene , police said . One of the suspects was described as an African-American male , approximately 18 to 22 years old , wearing a white T-shirt and blue jean shorts . No one is in custody . "  This is an extremely unusual occurrence , and we 're confident that we will make swift arrests , " said Remi Braden , a police spokeswoman . Police Superintendent Ronal Serpas told CNN affiliate WVUE that it appears "  two or three people just , for a reason unknown to us , started shooting at , towards , or in the crowd . " He asked anyone with information to call authorities . New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu echoed that request , challenging the community to get involved . "  It 's important for us , as I have said , to change the culture of death on the streets of New Orleans to a culture of life , and it 's going to take an all-hands-on-deck approach , " he said . "  These kinds of incidents are not going to go unanswered . We 're going to be very , very aggressive . There were hundreds of people out there today , so somebody knows who did this . " CNN 's Jennifer Moore , Janet DiGiacomo and Jareen Imam contributed to this report .	"  These kinds of incidents are not going to go unanswered , " the mayor says Officers saw three suspects running from the scene Two children are among the victims "  Everyone around me , except me , was shot , " says a CNN iReporter
CNN  -- Taking a cue from Twitter and services such as its own Instagram , Facebook on Wednesday began rolling out the ability for users to embed posts on their own blogs and websites . "  When embedded , posts can include pictures , videos , hashtags and other content , " Facebook 's Dave Capra wrote in a post on the site . "  People can also Like and share the post directly from the embed . " Embedding will only be possible with posts that were made public or posted by someone who allows nonfriend subscribers , or fans , to their page . The feature is being rolled out Wednesday on five sites -- first CNN , then Bleacher Report , Huffington Post , Mashable and People . It will be rolled out more widely in the coming weeks . Here 's how a post from CNN 's main Facebook account looks . . There were already ways to embed Facebook posts using third-party tools . But the built-in feature makes it easier and more accessible for a much wider base of users . Images from posts will be visible in the embeds , such as this post from the British royal family 's Facebook page after Prince George was born last week . . Embedding posts , which is already popular among bloggers and news sites through tools such as Storify , is a way to reference social media material automatically and an attractive method for sites such as Facebook to pull in traffic . Once the feature is enabled for a user , that user will be able to click an "  Embed Post " link from a menu in the spot currently occupied by the "  Report/Mark as Spam " link . The user then will be able to copy and paste a string of code onto their own website to share the post just as it appears on Facebook . For example , a shot of "  first dog " Bo from President Barack Obama 's account . .	Facebook is rolling out a feature that lets you embed posts Users can share posts on their blogs and websites Embedding only works for public posts on the site Facebook is following Twitter , which already allowed embedding tweets
Jerusalem  CNN  -- The Palestinian Authority is planning to hold overdue elections this year , a move seen as a reaction to the political discontent taking hold across the Arab world . Officials said the authority will hold legislative and presidential elections no later than September in the West Bank and Gaza . The announcement comes a few days after officials said they intend to hold local elections in the West Bank and Gaza . Yasser Abed Rabbo , the secretary-general of the Palestine Liberation Organization , said polls will be held "  to satisfy the will of the Palestinian people . " Palestinian legislator Hanan Ashrawi said the Palestinians believe "  it 's high time " for polls "  because we need to re-establish the legitimacy of our institutions through elections . " "  We are a big nation , we have lots of people with potential and ability and integrity and charisma and national commitment and I think we should come up with leadership that will do the job , " she told CNN . Palestinians regard these moves as a response to ferment in the Arab world -- street outrage that sparked the overthrow of strongmen in Egypt and Tunisia , a government change in Jordan , and a promise in Algeria to end the emergency rule there . Also , leaders across the Arab world are envisioning reforms to address grassroots economic grievances . The election announcement was also made amid a persistent focus on resolving Palestinian disputes with Israel . In another development on Saturday that clouds the direction of Israeli-Palestinian talks , chief Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erakat , the face of the Palestinian people to many in the West , resigned from his post . The election announcement comes amid a deep political schism . The West Bank government of the Palestinian Authority is dominated by the Fatah party of President Mahmoud Abbas , and Gaza is ruled by the rival Islamist group Hamas . It 's unclear now whether the polls will be held in Gaza since the Hamas movement rejects the authority of the Palestinian Authority government in the West Bank city of Ramallah . Hamas spokesman Fawzi Barhoum called the plan for elections "  invalid and illegal , " claiming that Palestinian Authority leaders President Mahmoud Abbas and Salam Fayyad lack the legitimacy to make such a move . He said that political reconciliation between Palestinians was necessary before elections could be held and characterized the announcement as a move by the Palestinian Authority to prevent the wave of revolutionary changes taking place in the region from spreading to the Palestinians . But Ashrawi said the Palestinian Authority is trying to persuade Hamas to participate in elections and believes elections would help the state address its concerns with Israel . "  We are preparing also for statehood and we believe this is an instrument for national unity -- so all these things made it imperative that we do have elections between now and September , " she said . The vote would mark the first time elections have been held in the Palestinian territories since 2006 . In that year , legislative elections brought Hamas into power and led to international sanctions against the Palestinian Authority until Hamas agrees to the renunciation of violence , acceptance of previous agreements between the Palestinian Authority and Israel , and the recognition of Israel . Various attempts at reaching an accord through Palestinian unity talks have ended in deadlock . Israel wields ultimate authority in the West Bank despite significant local autonomy there . Israel withdrew its troops and citizens from Gaza in 2005 , but attacks by Gaza-based militants on the Jewish state have prompted tough Israeli military responses and a stiff economic embargo . "  We are undergoing a serious political crisis given the fact that Israel is continuing settlement activities -- there are no negotiations and there is no international will to hold Israel accountable , " said Ashrawi , who 's also a member of the Fatah executive committee .	Presidential , national elections to be held by September , authorities say A legislator says it would restore Palestinian "  legitimacy " This comes amid potent discontent in the Arab world
CNN  -- It is one of the iconic modern cinema scenes : Mena Suvari , as Angela in Oscar-winning "  American Beauty , " stretches her arms wide as she basks in a sea of floating rose petals during one of Lester 's  Kevin Spacey  frequent fantasies . But when Senegalese photographer Omar Victor Diop set out to recreate the provocative sequence for his latest project , finding a bed of red roses proved difficult . Undeterred , Diop found the solution by using a plant wall inside the hotel where the shoot was taking place . "  The creative process of this series itself is very similar to the way African contemporary creation often takes place , " says Diop . "  We often have to tweak concepts and styles from around the world and adapt them to our context , while preserving their original feel . " That series is "  Onomolliwood , " a dazzling collection of images in which Diop and Antoine Tempe , a Senegal-based French-American photographer , revisited several Hollywood classics to give an African take on some of cinema 's most iconic moments . The two artists merged their passion for aesthetics and performance art to offer a collection of striking images infused with flowing swirls of color , vivacious textures and dynamic characters . "  I wanted to imagine what these movies would look like if they were conceived and shot in Africa , " explains Diop . Read this : Artists ' road trip across Africa Completely self-taught , the 33-year-old is a newcomer to Senegal 's creative scene . He started experimenting with cameras on the streets of Dakar in 2010 , at a time when he was still working in corporate communications for a multinational . But much to his surprise , Diop 's first conceptual project , the futuristic "  Fashion 2112 , " was selected the following year to be showcased at Bamako Encounters , Africa 's premier photo exhibition . After that , Diop decided to fully pursue his passion for photography . He quit his job last year and quickly started building an eclectic body of work that spreads from conceptual art to fashion photography and portraits . CNN 's African Voices spoke to Diop about revisiting cinema classics and the transition from the corporate world to art . CNN : "  The Matrix , " "  American Beauty " and "  Frida " are just some of the famous films featured in the Onomolliwood series . What was the inspiration behind the project ? Omar Victor Diop : I worked on this project with French-born American photographer Antoine Tempe after an invitation by the Onomo Hotel Group . We thought that actually using cinema as a general theme would be a way for our respective creative universes to meet because cinema involves fashion and aesthetics , but it also involves an important performance dimension . We started working with the movies we liked , the movies that had influenced us . I remember watching in the 1980s the same movies as the young people of Paris and New York and maybe Bangkok . At the end of the day we 're all the same young people regardless of where you were born and where you were raised and somehow I wanted to show this also through the choice of movies in the series . CNN : Is part of your artistic goal to show the modern side of Dakar and Senegal ? OVD : Yes , and it 's not even about the new Africa , it 's just that because of globalization and the internet the modernity of Africa has sort of accelerated . But even back in the 1980s , when I was just a kid , I can tell you that Dakar was very modernized and international . Another advantage we had was that we were open to not only the Western world but the entire world -- we had African cultural content , Asian content , Chinese or Indian movies . It 's just a shame that all of this , especially the urban life of the 1980s , is not documented . Read this : Photos show Congo in new light So when I think about creating a new series I always make sure that not only the current Africa but also the one I grew up is somehow portrayed . I believe it 's the responsibility of a photographer to not only conceptualize but also come up with some work that can be used as a reference in the future as a history document . CNN : How is it working as an artist in Dakar today ? OVD : It 's very exciting being part of the creative scene in Dakar right now . I think the period we are living in is a breakthrough , in the sense that there is a sustained and growing interest for "  another Africa . " Also , African artists are now aware that they can communicate to the world , and speak about and for themselves . It 's terrific when you realize that you can actually write your own history as you live your passion . CNN : What kind of themes fascinate you ? OVD : I am very interested in movement ; movement of the human body but also of the fabrics , outfits and styles that are used to embellish the body . Even in my fashion photography I always make sure that there is a movement that is captured , and that tells a story . I 'm also interested in the aesthetics of the 1970s and the 1980s , especially in Africa , and I always try to recreate that with the use of colors and styling references . And I 'm also interested in personalities ; that 's why I 've started a series of portraits called "  The Studio of Vanities . " The reason behind it was that I wanted to somehow pay homage and also document the youngest generation of Dakar 's cultural entrepreneurs -- I 'm convinced that many of these people are going to be very successful and are going to bring a lot of great things to the cultural sector in the next few years . CNN : How was the transition from the corporate world to becoming artist ? OVD : I quit my job a year ago ; it was a quite bold decision that scared many people around me because being an artist was not considered as a valid option . I come from a family where my mum is a lawyer and my dad is a chartered accountant -- both of them having very senior jobs throughout their careers -- and I attended top schools that were very advanced and quite expensive . With the money my family invested in me , of course you can imagine my mum being quite devastated , but I now have their full support .	Senegalese photographer revisits cinema classics to give an Africa twist The Matrix , Frida , among the movies he re-imagined Omar Victor Diop 's work focuses on art and fashion His other work includes portraits of Africa 's contemporary creative minds
ArsTechnica  -- Even a watered-down version of the law could n't pass muster : San Francisco 's ordinance requiring retail outlets to inform consumers about the  alleged  effects of cell phone radiation has been blocked by a federal judge . Upon passage , San Francisco 's ordinance was challenged by industry trade group CTIA-The Wireless Association , which claimed the ordinance 's requirement that retailers post messages about cell phone safety violated the First Amendment . San Francisco initially agreed to amend the ordinance after the CTIA filed suit , and made some changes , but they were n't enough . Judge William Alsup found that the ordinance failed the sniff test on both scientific and First Amendment grounds . "  Whether or not cell phones cause cancer is a debatable question and , at this point in history , is a matter of opinion , not fact . San Francisco has its opinion . The industry has the opposite opinion , " wrote Judge Alsup . The fact-sheet required by the ordinance is "  misleading and must be corrected , " notes the judge . "  Although each factoid in isolation may have an anchor in some article somewhere , the overall message of the fact-sheet  and the poster , for that matter  is misleading by omission in two important ways . The overall impression left is that cell phones are dangerous and that they have somehow escaped the regulatory process . " The World Health Organization issued a report that seemingly butressed San Francisco 's position in May when it labeled cellphones "  possibly carcinogenic , " meaning that there is "  limited evidence of carcinogenicity in humans and less than sufficient evidence of carcinogenicity in experimental animals . " But results of a massive , 15-year-long study released earlier this month showed absolutely no link between cellphone use and cancer , echoing the findings of numerous other studies . The judge left the door open to the possibility that a revised "  fact sheet " could pass muster and stayed the enforcement of the law until November 30 so that both sides can file appeals . San Francisco has already promised to do exactly that . COPYRIGHT 2011 ARSTECHNICA.COM	CTIA contests ordinance for consumers to be informed about cell phone radiation hazards Judge William Alsup finds the ordinance failed the sniff test on scientific grounds A 15-year-long study shows no link between cell phone use and cancer
CNN  -- Text messaging is one of the popular ways to communicate these days . However , unlike most wireless carriers in the rest of the world , U.S. wireless companies tend to double-charge customers for texts : They charge both for sending texts and for delivering each text message . This can be annoying , especially for the vast majority of people who do n't have smartphones . If you 're looking to save money on texting , or if you just think those double charges are silly , there are some ways to avoid them -- at least the charge for sending a text message . While plans that include unlimited texting are popular , many budget-conscious cell phone users have plans with text-message limits -- and they face extra charges if they exceed those limits . Also , many phones  especially pre-paid ones  charge per message , and the cost for this can be steep . For instance , a T-Mobile prepaid plan charges "  10 cents to send a text and 5 cents to receive in the U.S. and Canada ; 35 cents to send and 5 cents to receive everywhere else . " Not only can you send a text message via e-mail from your computer , but also from any e-mail-enabled phone . Most phones , even inexpensive feature phones , can send and receive e-mail messages . Also , wireless carriers designate an e-mail address for any e-mail enabled phone -- so you do n't need to worry about linking your computer-based e-mail to your phone service if you do n't want to . Sometimes , wireless carriers tack on fees to enable e-mail on your phone , so ask your carrier about this and make sure you know how to send and receive regular e-mails on your phone first . To send a text message by e-mail you need to know which wireless carrier the recipient of your message uses . So ask the people your regularly send text messages to which carrier they use . Then , look up how you would reformat each of their phone number/carrier pairs as an e-mail address . Each wireless carrier has an e-mail-to-SMS gateway , with a special format to accept incoming e-mail messages and route them as text messages to cell phones . Here are the formats for the four major U.S. carriers . In each of these , for "  N " substitute the recipient 's 10-digit phone number  include the area code -- but do n't include hyphens or other space separating characters  : AT&T Wireless : N@txt.att.net SprintPCS : N@messaging.sprintpcs.com T-Mobile : N@tmomail.net Verizon : N@vtext.com MuTube has a more complete list of e-mail-to-SMS address formats , for carriers in North America and around the world . Next , add entries to your e-mail address book  on your phone and on your computer or web-based e-mail service  for each person to whom you regularly send text messages , once you find out which carrier they 're on . Keep your messages brief . Text-message-length limits still apply , even though you 're originating the message from e-mail . Carriers have different length limits for text messages , but Twitter 's limit of 140 characters plays nice with most North American wireless carriers ' texting limits . If your message exceeds the allowed number of characters , the delivered text message may get truncated or split into multiple messages  perhaps resulting in multiple charges  . Your recipients probably would not be pleased by this . Write your entire text message in the subject line of your e-mail . Leave the message body blank -- and be sure to remove any automated signature text your e-mail program might supply . Most e-mail-to-SMS gateways will transmit both the e-mail subject line and message body within the delivered text message . However , since you want to keep your message very short anyway , it 's easier to just get in the habit of typing your text message in the subject line and deleting everything from the message body . Before you send someone a text by e-mail , let them know you 're going to try doing this , so they 'll expect your message . Remember : The first time they receive a text that you send via e-mail , it wo n't be coming from your regular phone number . They may not recognize that it 's from you , and might mistake your message for spam or an error and delete it without reading it . Also note that when you send a text message via e-mail , if the recipient hits "  reply , " their reply message usually will get routed back to the e-mail account from which you sent it . It 's smart to test this out , too . Finally , remind your recipients to notify you if they switch to a different wireless carrier . People can port their phone number from one carrier to another -- but when they change carriers , the format for their e-mail-to-text address will change , so you 'll want to update that information in your address book . Getting set up to send text messages by e-mail involves a little bit of up-front work . And there are other drawbacks . Straightforward e-mail-to-e-mail messages do n't always provide mobile push notifications , such as alert sounds , especially on feature phones . But the effort can be worth it if you text certain people frequently . It 's useful if you want to be sure they get instant notification of your message wherever they are . This strategy is especially useful to send text messages to groups -- such as parents of the kids in a hockey team , or a carpool group , or everyone in your immediate family . You could even use this strategy to publish text alerts to large audiences  such as a political candidate 's supporters , or people who sign up to get local news alerts by text  . It 's generally simpler to designate groups of e-mail addresses than groups of SMS recipients on your phone . Also , it 's fairly private -- when you use e-mail to send text messages to a group , each recipient sees only your contact information , not the contact information for the other recipients . If you must contact large groups of people via SMS , avoiding carrier charges for sending text messages can significantly improve the economics of group communication . And it 's simpler and more reliable to send your group text alerts directly than to count on a third-party service like Twitter Fast Follow . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Amy Gahran .	U.S. wireless carriers tend to double-charge customers for texts Plans with unlimited texting are popular , but many find this option too expensive You can send a text message via e-mail from any e-mail-enabled phone
Paris , France  CNN  -- Last week Reporters Without Borders released a letter calling on WikiLeaks to take down the names of civilians identified as having collaborated with the International Security Assistance Force and with NATO forces . In our view making the names of Afghan civilians public could put them at risk of reprisals from the Taliban or other insurgent forces in Afghanistan . Some news reports and some pundits portrayed our statement as an unequivocal condemnation of WikiLeaks , but this is not the case . Reporters Without Borders supports the continued existence and work of WikiLeaks , and we are ready to take part in any discussion about the problems inherent in managing and disclosing vast amounts of critical information . But we also believe that to continue their work , WikiLeaks and other websites likely to publish documents from whistle-blowers need to ensure that the information disclosed does not pose an avoidable threat to the security of civilians . Pointing that out does not amount to , for example , support for the Pentagon 's request that WikiLeaks remove all documents from its website or a call for outright censorship . In fact , WikiLeaks has published useful information , and we hope it can continue to serve journalists and the wider public . We have spoken out strongly against the Pentagon 's request that WikiLeaks remove all documents from its website and against the detention of the alleged source of the leaks , Pfc. Bradley Manning . We 've also criticized proposed amendments to the federal shield law that would exclude whistle-blowing sites such as WikiLeaks from any legal protection of sources . We are not disputing the importance of the Afghan War Diary . Indeed , it is more important than ever that there be an outlet for information governments want to keep secret . Too often , government departments and agencies resort without justification to declaring documents classified or secret to conceal information that is of public interest . Exaggerated and at times unsubstantiated safety concerns have been used to block important information from being made public in the past . The Pentagon , the Bush and Obama administrations are no strangers to these tactics . Whistle-blowing sites deserve , and have , our support . However , the case of the war logs illustrates the difficulties that will arise when dealing with the sheer mass of information that may become available . Even the largest news organizations in the world would be overwhelmed , and -- for the moment at least -- WikiLeaks does not command resources of that scope . Julian Assange , the WikiLeaks editor-in-chief , has said that by reviewing the document classification system and certain parts of the material , his organization was able to identify and withhold 15,000 documents that possibly contain the names of innocent informers , and that is commendable . It does not change the fact that releasing so many documents without being able go through the large majority of them is problematic . Whistle-blowing websites need to deal with this issue if they want to avoid giving the authorities an excuse to muzzle them . We should note though , that through the good offices of The New York Times , WikiLeaks requested the help of the Obama White House in vetting the material , a request the White House denied . It is not beyond imagining that rather than cooperate in an attempt to protect its informers and collaborators , the U.S. government chose instead to keep all its tactical options open in its campaign against WikiLeaks . Indeed , Adm. Mike Mullen , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , was quick to say WikiLeaks would have blood on its hands , although he brought no evidence of that . WikiLeaks staff is under considerable pressure from Western governments , and alleged surveillance and rumors of extraditions have exacerbated a climate of apprehension within its day-to-day operations . It can not be easy working under such conditions . But if the media is to demand a high level of transparency in public affairs , they must also demonstrate a high level of responsibility . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jean-François Julliard .	Jean-François Julliard says Reporters Without Borders supports whistle-blower sites Julliard says WikiLeaks ' indiscriminate document release can put civilians at risk Press group has spoken against government censorship of WikiLeaks , he says Julliard : WikLeaks must act responsibly to avoid giving authorities excuse to muzzle it
CNN  -- We all know this election is going to be about the economy . President Barack Obama knows it , Mitt Romney knows it and so do the media -- even though at times pundits pretend it 's about much smaller and sillier topics . The difference , as the president told the country last week , is that he is the only candidate in the race who truly understands that it 's about a very specific part of our economy : the middle class . Obama 's plan is to grow the economy from the middle out , using common-sense measures that help small businesses , invest in clean-energy technology and train a new generation of skilled workers . Romney 's plan is to return to the same failed , trickle-down policies -- but made worse by the tea party politics of slash-and-burn against government -- that threaten hardworking middle-class families . Those are two very different visions . Where do they come from ? Both candidates have looked at the same history but derive very different lessons . Obama studied how the middle class was built -- sending students and veterans to school , developing a strong manufacturing base and making sure our laboratories of innovation are built on American soil and grit . That foundation created a great American middle class that became the envy of the world . In the Clinton-Gore years , private-sector businesses created 23 million new jobs . The president is determined to rebuild the foundation that led to such historic success . Romney , on the other hand , has fixated on the failed ideas of the last decade . He endorsed eliminating the rules that protect our workers and keep corporations from gambling away our money . He was all for giving the wealthy a permanent break on taxes -- and wants to increase the nation 's debt by having us pay for more tax havens for the rich . Romney wants to return to policies that funneled wealth upward and pushed the middle class down -- and almost out . Like the Obama campaign says about Romney 's broken promises in Massachusetts : It did n't work then , and it wo n't work now . You do n't have to take my word for it . Independent economists have said Romney 's warmed-over ideas would pull us back toward recession at the very time we need to keep pushing toward a full recovery . Obama 's correct reading of history is why he 's made the decisions he has in his first term -- even when they were politically unpopular . When the auto industry started to collapse and factories began shutting their doors , Obama knew that , as a country , we needed to rescue it . Now American car companies and American manufacturers are surging , opening new factories and hiring new workers . Romney has been forthright : He would have let the companies go into bankruptcy in a process experts said would have shuttered the factories and led the workers to lose their jobs . Obama also found a housing market in which thousands of Americans were going into foreclosure . He fought to keep people in their homes despite being obstructed at every turn by Republicans in Congress who tried to make it impossible for struggling homeowners to refinance or renegotiate their mortgages . Romney , of course , has no plan to help underwater homeowners . We 've got a long way to go , but the president 's policies have stopped the bleeding of jobs . Since June 2009 , when the stimulus took effect , the private sector has been adding jobs -- and if not for Republican obstruction of recovery efforts , there would have been a dramatically greater increase in employment . And despite all his talk of business expertise , Romney ranked 47th out of 50 in job creation when he was governor of Massachusetts . This is a choice between two courses of action , but it is also a choice between two different visions . Obama was buoyed up on a groundswell of small donors , young and old , rich and poor -- people who wished to see a country restored and an economy rebuilt . Romney was chosen by the same class of the Republican elite who met in the early days of January 2009 and vowed to block Obama at every turn . While the president promised to make his top priority the success of the middle class , Republicans declared the president 's failure their No. 1 objective . Read Bobby Jindal 's view : Obama 's message of divide and blame Obama has kept faith with the middle class and kept his focus on moving forward . He has pushed for a just budget and a fair tax code to relieve our deficit . He will encourage companies to bring their jobs and profits back to our shores , hire new workers , invest in research and technology , rebuild our roads and bridges , and invest in promising new sources of energy . His vision is based on action , while Romney 's is based on inaction : "  Let Detroit go bankrupt , " let foreclosures "  hit the bottom , " and wait , wait , wait for wealth to trickle down -- which it has never done and will never do for the middle class . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Donna Brazile .	Donna Brazile : President Barack Obama truly understands how to build up the middle class Brazile : Obama favors education , manufacturing , innovations to build middle class Brazile : Mitt Romney wants tax breaks for the rich as middle class waits for trickling down Brazile : Romney says let "  Detroit go bankrupt , " let foreclosures "  hit bottom "
TIME.com  -- "  My goal is to not alienate Anna Wintour -- and also bring in viewers in Peoria , " says Alina Cho , host of CNN 's Fashion : Backstage Pass  airing Sept. 15 at 2:30 p.m. E.T.  , on which she has interviewed Marc Jacobs , Donatella Versace and more . Here , the fashionista  who profiles designer Bibhu Mohapatra in TIME Style & Design , available at time.com/style  lets loose with us . TIME : Of all the fashion heavyweights you 've talked to , who surprised you the most ? Cho : Karl Lagerfeld . I was just interviewing him in Paris , and I asked him , "  After all these years , how you still can look at a dress and see that it needs to be a millimeter longer ? " And he said , "  Well I 'm not blind yet ! " He 's very quick , he 's very funny , and I think you have to be very smart to be funny . TIME : But he 's not exactly a CNN staple . How do you tailor your fashion coverage to viewers who are more accustomed to hard news ? Cho : In order to tell great stories , you need great characters . It does n't matter whether you 're covering the political race or the aftermath of a hurricane or fashion . So my approach has always been to be more character-driven than collection-driven . And there 's no shortage of characters in fashion ! TIME : Like Karl ? Cho : Right , like Karl . The other thing I try to do , and I think this is really important , is make my fashion coverage accessible . People always say , "  Oh , you 're the new Elsa Klensch ! " But I think the show that she did -LSB- CNN 's Style With Elsa Klensch , which ran from 1980 to 2000 -RSB- and the show that I do are very different , because we live in a different world . My fashion coverage has to be both aspirational and accessible . TIME : You 've reported extensively on politics . Why do you think people are so interested in what candidates and their spouses are wearing ? Cho : It just gives us another thing to talk about . And I think in many ways , Michelle Obama changed the game . She came onto the scene wearing Tom Ford one day and J. Crew the next . There 's something appealing about that , no matter your politics . I know it 's exciting for me to watch . She 's incredibly fashionable . TIME : What do you make of Ann Romney 's outfits ? Cho : I think she plays it a little bit more conservative . Maybe that has something to do with her politics . I 'll leave it at that . TIME : How do you dress well for TV ? Cho : You know what they say -- the camera adds 10 pounds . So fit is incredibly important . I tend to favor dresses . I tend to favor three-quarter sleeve cardigans and a little belt , but I like to say I do n't own many pants . I like the ease of a dress . You zip it up and you go . It 's pretty simple . So as long as it fits great , I 'm in . TIME : You travel to so many fashion shows for work . What 's your go-to comfort heel ? Cho : My go-to comfort heel is a flat . TIME : TouchÃ © ! Cho : No , but really , I change between shows . Every female New Yorker can relate to that . Nobody wants to walk around in a high-heeled shoe ! I 'll carry my beautiful high heels in a bag . TIME : Smart . I 've seen people do that on the subway . Cho : It 's something my mother told me a long time ago . I 'm just now starting to listen ! Alina Cho is a national correspondent for CNN and host of Fashion : Backstage Pass . Fashion : Backstage Pass with Alina Cho debuts on Sept. 15 at 2:30 pm E.T. on CNN US . & copy 2012 TIME , Inc. . TIME is a registered trademark of Time Inc. . Used with permission .	Alina Cho is most impressed by fashion heavyweight Karl Lagerfeld . Cho calls Michelle Obama 's style "  fashionable " and Ann Romney 's "  conservative " . Fit is important for Cho on camera -- she favors dresses , 3/4 sleeve cardigans and belts .
CNN  -- So , that happened . Fresh on the heels of the infamous Red Wedding , Sunday 's "  Game of Thrones " served up more murderous matrimony . But , with what fans have dubbed the "  Purple Wedding , " many of us finally got something we 'd been hoping for since season one . As the loathsome King Joffrey lay on the ground doing his best impersonation of Violet Beauregarde from "  Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory , " one question sprung to mind after the obligatory high fives : Who did it ? Certainly there is no shortage of folks who would have loved to off the sadistic , smug boy king . Here , we run down some of the key suspects and why they may have been behind the deadly deed . Let us know your theory in the comments  and , book readers , no spoilers , please ! Tyrion He 's obviously Cersei 's top suspect . And it 's not like he does n't have reasons . There was no love lost between Tyrion and his nephew  remember the much-celebrated slap ?  even before Joffrey went out of his way to humiliate him repeatedly , both before and after the wedding . Slicing up his gift of a rare and priceless book ? Check . Wine on the head ? Check . Trying to force him into a humiliating performance at the feast ? Check . Was it all just too much for Tyrion ? Not hard to imagine . Sansa And then there 's Tyrion 's wife . Joffrey was responsible for the deaths of her father , mother and brother . And that 's on top of having her publicly beaten and tossing her aside for a more politically useful marriage .  Not that she wanted anything to do with him by that point . Sansa may be as close to an innocent as still exists in King 's Landing . But what better time than Joffrey 's wedding day to exact some revenge ? Oberyn Martell "  The Lannisters are n't the only ones who pay their debts . " When the Martells sent fiery warrior Oberyn to the wedding in place of his brother , Prince Doran , it was a not-so-subtle hint that they have n't forgotten , or forgiven , that Oberyn 's sister , Elia , was raped and killed by Gregor "  The Mountain " Clegane , who serves the Lannisters . It only took hearing a Lannister song , "  The Rains of Castamere , " to send Oberyn into an anti-Lannister stabbing fit at a brothel . Was murdering Joffrey his plan all along ? The Tyrells The wedding was over . Margaery was a queen . But Margaery and the rest of the Tyrell family , particularly Margaery 's grandmother Olenna , had no doubts about what a rotten little bastard  literally  Joffrey was . It 's possible they 've concocted a scheme to off Joffrey , but still press their claim for the Iron Throne now that Margaery has a crown on her head . Stannis and Melisandre As Jaime told Joffrey , the war is not over . We assume Joffrey 's transition to a lovely shade of purple was due to poisoning . But could it have been more dark magic from the Red Priestess instead ? It 's easy to focus on the people who were at the wedding . But we 've already seen what Melisandre can do to a foe without having to be in his presence . Could this have been an otherworldly announcement that Stannis is down , but not out ? Somebody else ? Seriously , who does n't have one reason or another to want Joffrey dead ? Lord Varys is n't called "  The Spider " for nothing . He 's sneaky , as well as professing to be the only person in Westeros who truly wants what 's best for the kingdom . He could have decided that 's not Joffrey . Knight-turned-fool Ser Dontos was obviously up to something . Was this part of a plan to save Sansa and avenge his humbling by Joffrey ? It 's hard to imagine how Daenerys could have played a part from across the Narrow Sea . But could someone loyal to the Targaryens have made a move to weaken the Lannisters ' hold on the throne ? We can presume it will all become clear in time . Meanwhile , we 'll make a mental note to never , ever , accept a wedding invitation in Westeros .	Sunday 's "  Game of Thrones " leaves us with a major "  whodunnit ? " There is no shortage of players who could be behind the "  Purple Wedding " Here , we take a look at who we think the main suspects are
Tunis  CNN  -- When artist Nadia Jelassi exhibited work in Tunis last year , she hoped the piece would prove a talking point . But when ultra-conservative Salafist Muslims took an interest in her installation at a spring arts festival in Tunisia 's capital , the reaction was much stronger than she bargained for . Deeming a number of artworks in the exhibition heretical , Islamist extremists vandalized the gallery , issued death threats to Jelassi and fellow exhibitors , and rioted in the streets in some of the most serious unrest since the 2011 revolution . Along with fellow artist Mohamed Ben Slama , she now faces charges of harming public order and morals through her work -- charges that could see them sentenced to up to five years in prison if convicted . "  I never imagined this could happen , not even in my worst nightmares , " said Jelassi . The clash highlights growing tensions between liberal and religious forces over the limits on free speech , as they jostle to define the identity of the new Tunisia following the ouster of dictator Zine el Abidine Ben Ali in January 2011 . One of the pieces that triggered the protests was Jelassi 's installation "  Celui qui n ' a pas ...  Anyone who has not ...  , " which featured mannequins of traditionally veiled women , positioned amongst a pile of stones , with text written on both the female figures and the stones . The work , Jelassi told CNN , was about "  trying to show two different ways to practice Islam -- one spiritual , and one closed . " But some of the protestors , alerted to the exhibition by postings on social media , interpreted the artwork as implying traditionally dressed women should be stoned . Ben Slama 's artwork , which was also singled out by the protesters as indecent , depicted a line of ants emerging from a child 's schoolbag to spell the word "  Allah . " Read more : Inside Tunisia 's former dictator 's palace -- fake diplomas , sports cars , and a stuffed leopard After festival organizers refused a request from the aggrieved Salafists to remove the offending works from view , thousands of hardliners took to the streets , leaving the walls of the gallery scrawled with graffiti reading : "  Non-believers have no place in Tunisia " and "  You are enemies of God . " This is not the only flashpoint Tunisia has seen . In late 2011 , religious conservatives also protested against a Tunis television station and attacked a theater for playing films deemed un-Islamic , while there have also been reports of conservatives attempting to enforce Islamic dress codes . The group behind the protests are the Salafists -- ultra-conservative Sunni Muslims who are becoming an increasingly strident political force across the Arab world in the wake of the Arab Spring . Having suffered repression under the rule of Ben Ali , they now seek a greater voice in the new Tunisia , pushing to impose a stricter vision of Islam than that championed by the moderate Islamist Ennahda party which runs the interim government . One Salafi cleric , Sheikh Adel Elmi , told CNN he believed art should promote religious virtue , and he had opposed the exhibition because it contained nudity . "  We are against violence , and for dialogue , " he said . "  But we act in response to provocation , and I consider nudity to be violent . " Read more : Arab women take a stand on sexual violence But other Tunisians , particularly those of a secular , liberal persuasion , hold a different view of their country 's future . While Islam has always been the main religion in Tunisia , politics have long been secular . Mounir Letaief , a 52-year-old painter from Tunis , says the views of those who value freedom of expression , artistic or otherwise , must also be taken into account as the country attempts to rebuild itself . "  I respect them , " Letaief said of the Salafists . "  But they have to respect me and the other people who think different . " Tunisia 's interim government says it is against censoring art -- but that a red line exists when it comes to blasphemy . A proposal has been tabled to criminalize blasphemy in Tunisia 's new constitution , due later this year . "  Even in the most modern societies , there are limits -- whether it 's security or religious , " Culture Minister Mehdi Mabrouk told CNN . "  In order to protect freedoms , we need to set these limits . " Meanwhile , Jelassi is waiting to see what will become of the charges against her , with international groups such as Human Rights Watch calling on Tunisian authorities to drop them . The charges were being used to stifle the freedom of expression of "  artists , journalists , and other citizens who voice criticism of religion , " Amna Guellali , a Tunis-based researcher at Human Rights Watch , told CNN . But Jelassi said she would continue to resist any attempt to impose a new culture of censorship in Tunisia . "  Freedom of expression is not something we invented , its limits are well known , " she said . "  But the sacred is something personal , and no one should intervene in that . "	Art has become a target for hardline Islamists in Tunisia after the revolution Salafists rioted last year over an exhibition containing artworks they considered heretical Tunisian artists and liberals say they will not be cowed by an intolerant minority Tunisia 's moderate Islamist government is attempting to walk a line between the two
