Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Heavy rains and flooding in Pakistan 's southeastern Sindh province have killed some 226 people over the past month , the National Disaster Management Authority said Tuesday . The dead include 34 children and 59 women , said an agency summary . In all , 5.3 million people have been affected by the flooding , and 1.19 million homes have been damaged , the authority said . The flooding has inundated more than 4.5 million acres and damaged an estimated 80 % of crops . And the heavy rains are not over . "  Meteorological conditions indicate that a strong weather system is developing over central parts of India that would cause widespread heavy rains in Pakistan during the coming week , " said a weather advisory posted on the disaster agency 's web site . "  Heavy to very heavy rainfall may generate severe flooding in lower Sindh , " as well as flash flooding in Punjab , Khyber Pakhtunkwa and Balochistan provinces , the advisory said . The United Nations was making arrangements to provide food supplies to half a million people for the next month in Sindh , and it was also set to supply 20,000 tents this week , the state-run Associated Press of Pakistan reported Monday . A U.N. team was visiting Pakistan in response to a phone conversation between Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari and U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon , the news agency reported . Aid is also flowing in from other countries . On Monday , the Chinese ambassador to Pakistan presented a $ 50,000 check to the National Disaster Management Authority and has also promised $ 4.7 million in aid to flooded areas as well as tents , the authority said on its web site . Also , the interior minister of Iran , Mostafa Mohammad Najar , said Sunday Iran will donate $ 100 million in aid to Sindh , the Associated Press of Pakistan said . Najar said he will take a planeload of relief goods to Pakistan within a week . And Pakistan 's Finance Division has established a Prime Minister 's Relief Fund for flood victims in Sindh and elsewhere , according to the Associated Press of Pakistan . Donations can be made by domestic and international donors , according to the report . CNN 's Nasir Habib and Aliza Kassim contributed to this report .	Some 5.3 million people have been affected A strong weather system could bring more heavy rains China , Iran have donated aid to flooding victims
CNN  -- 6:50 p.m. -- Toyoda tears up and pauses for composure as he thanks the audience for their support . He describes the hearing as an opportunity to remind customers of the company 's commitment to quality and safety . "  We have to rethink everything about our operations to regain customers ' confidence , " he says , reading from a statement in English . "  We have to reassert the values that have been our hallmark . " 6:45 p.m. -- A plant worker from Kentucky and a dealer from Texas join Inaba and Toyoda onstage at the National Press Club , where the two men receive a standing ovation . 5:50 p.m. -- Toyoda makes a brief statement after the hearing thanking Congress and again pledging to change how Toyota handles complaints . He then makes his way through a dense crowd to a Toyota Highlander waiting for him outside . He is due to speak to an audience of Toyota dealers at the National Press Club in Washington later in the evening . 5:37 p.m. -- Chairman Edolphus Towns thanks the men for coming in voluntarily and says he considers their appearance a sign of their commitment to addressing problems . The panel is adjourned . 5:34 p.m. -- Rep. Driehaus reads a letter from a driver who experienced sudden acceleration in his 2005 Toyota Tacoma . The driver said he had no mats and used to race cars . Toyoda says tests conducted so far have not demonstrated the same phenomenon and believes the system is safe , but pledges to continue testing . 5:29 p.m. -- Rep. Steve Driehaus expresses concern over supposed efforts between Toyota and National Highway Traffic Safety Administration to limit the scope of investigations over electronic throttle control systems . He asks if the investigation had not been limited , would the issue have been addressed before today . Inaba says he does not have enough information to comment . 5:20 p.m. -- Responding to Rep. Kaptur 's scathing critique , Toyoda extends condolences from "  the bottom of my heart " and vows to reflect on what she said . 5:16 p.m. -- Rep. Marcy Kaptur says she is "  disappointed " with Toyoda 's testimony and does not feel he has shown sufficient remorse or taken enough note of the amount of complaints over the last decade . 5:07 p.m. -- Rep. John Duncan recommends that Toyota appoint "  some Americans " to its leadership in Japan . 5:06 p.m. -- In response to a question about why the company 's response has been so late in coming , Toyoda reiterates his plans to set up a global commission to address complains more quickly . 4:59 p.m. -- "  Going forward we will regain the good reputation , " Toyoda says . 4:46 p.m. -- Regarding the dissemination of information across regions , Inaba says , "  We did not hide it but it was not properly shared ... whatever 's happening in Europe should be known in the United States . " 4:43 p.m. -- Toyoda says he does not know exactly when the first reports came in , but that the company is working to put in place a structure to address future concerns quicker . 4:33 p.m. -- Inaba says two prominent safety analysts will lead a panel to examine issues with electronic throttle control . 4:30 p.m. -- By the middle of 2011 , Toyota will make the readers that retrieve information from a black box commercially available in the U.S. market . 4:26 p.m. -- Rep. Mark Souder encourages Toyota to continue using American suppliers . 4:21 p.m. -- Toyoda and Inaba deny that they were instructed by corporate lawyers to not discuss problems with electronic throttle control . "  We are as eager as anyone else to know if there is any problem , " Inaba says . 4:17 p.m. -- Rep. Dennis Kucinich says "  the problem is not that you were moving too fast " but that the company was "  too slow to recognize material defects that put peoples ' lives at risk . " 4:15 p.m. -- In response to a question about whether American unions have too much influence over the safety review process , Toyoda says he does not have the context to answer . 4:05 p.m. -- Rep. Eleanor Holmes Norton urges the Toyota officials to make public information from "  black boxes . " Inaba responds that the company is working on developing black box "  readers " that can be made commercially available . He adds that , as of now , the information is not available without the consent of the vehicle 's owner . 3:57 p.m. -- Inaba says Camry Hybrids are not on the recall list , adding that the car is produced and supplied in the United States ; Toyoda says "  right now , it is completely safe . " 3:55 p.m. -- Inaba says Toyota will work closely with the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration to make sure that not a single customer complaint is overlooked . 3:47 p.m. -- From this experience , Toyoda says he has learned to place greater emphasis on customers ' viewpoints and perspectives and to get information from various regions in a more timely manner . 3:41 p.m. -- Inaba says question of whether Toyota will cover hospital and funeral costs of the family that died in a car accident will be resolved by the company 's legal team . 3:39 p.m. -- Rep. Geoff Davis recognizes Toyota 's role as one of state 's strongest job creators . The company has also donated more than $ 37 million to charity groups . He asks that the committee focus on the facts and not engage in political theater . 3:34 p.m. -- Toyoda says is aware that representatives from the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration visited regional officials in Tokyo but he did not know about the specific timing or content of the meeting . 3:29 p.m. -- Toyoda says he first became aware of problems with acceleration sometime toward the end of 2009 . He says he is now aware that consumer complaints were coming in long before the end of 2009 . 3:23 p.m. -- Waving in hand a 2009 company report once considered confidential , Rep. John Mica expresses embarrassment for Toyoda , the company 's namesake , and all U.S. dealerships associated with the company over company 's past safety record . 3:19 p.m. -- Toyoda says a series of duplication tests are being conducted to assure that problems do not recur and that the findings will be "  made public and disclosed and changes will be made in a very transparent manner . " 3:15 p.m. -- Rep. Elijah Cummings asks Toyoda how he plans to regain the trust of customers after "  a series of promises that seem to come short . " 3:10 p.m. -- Rep. Dan Burton of Indiana presents two examples of different pedals that are used in the same car model and asks why Toyota uses two different designs for the same car . Toyoda says some parts are designed by the company and others are designed by suppliers and approved by Toyota . 3:06 p.m. -- Rep. Dan Burton of Indiana thanks the Toyota officials for their attendance , compliments Toyota dealers nationwide on "  working day and night to correct those mistakes . " 3:02 p.m. -- Inaba acknowledges that the company needs to do a better job sharing information across regions and says the company is addressing that issue . 3:02 p.m. -- Inaba acknowledges that the company needs to do a better job sharing information across regions and says the company is addressing that issue . 2:57 p.m. -- Toyoda announces special committee on global quality that will meet on March 30 . 2:55 p.m. -- Referring to comments from the transportation secretary on the need for full transparency during the safety review , Toyoda says his company will lead in providing full transparency on reviews of security and global quality . 2:50 p.m. -- Responding to a question from Rep. Darrell Issa , Inaba says there is nothing he would like to correct from Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood 's testimony earlier Wednesday . 2:46 p.m. -- Toyoda breaks downs problems with acceleration into several categories , including the way in which car is used or misused , the structural aspects of vehicles , structural aspects of parts . 2:43 p.m. -- Inaba says Toyota will offer customers rental cars nationwide while their cars are undergoing repairs . 2:41 p.m. -- In response to a question from the committee Chairman Edolphus Towns regarding cooperation with National Highway Traffic Safety Administration , Toyoda says through a translator that his company has always worked with authorities . 2:39 p.m. -- Inaba closes by saying , "  We are committed not only to fixing vehicles on the road and ensuring they are safe , but to making our new vehicles better and even more reliable through a redoubled focus on putting our customers first . " 2:37 p.m. -- Regarding pedals sticking to the floor mat , Inaba says vehicle can be controlled with firm and steady application to the brakes . 2:34 p.m. -- Inaba says he will be closely involved in the review and in efforts to work more closely with U.S. regulators . 2:33 p.m. -- Yoshimi Inaba , president and COO of Toyota Motor North America and chairman and CEO of Toyota Motor Sales , U.S.A. , Inc. , says efforts are being made to address recalls as quickly as possible . 2:28 p.m. -- As the grandson of the company 's founder , Toyoda says the company bears his name . "  When the cars are damaged , it is as though I am as well . " 2:27 p.m. -- Toyoda apologizes to drivers and offers condolences to San Diego family that died in accident . 2:26 p.m. -- Toyoda says priorities "  became confused " in rush to grow business . "  We pursued growth over speed , " he says , resulting in the safety recall . 2:23 p.m. -- Toyoda begins his comments ; he accepts "  full responsibility " and "  takes quality and safety " of his vehicles seriously . 2:20 p.m. -- After lengthy testimony from Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood before the House Oversight Committee , Akio Toyoda stands as he is sworn in before the committee , along with Yoshimi Inaba , president and COO of Toyota Motor North America .	NEW : President of Toyota North America says panel will examine electronic throttle control Akio Toyoda announces that special committee on global quality will meet March 30 Toyota has recalled 8 million vehicles worldwide for problems related to brakes , other issues Tune in to "  Larry King Live " at 9 p.m. Wednesday ET for exclusive interview with Toyoda
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- A boat carrying illegal migrants sank off the coast of Tripoli on Sunday , killing at least 40 people , the spokesman for Libya 's Interior Ministry told CNN . Some 50 others were rescued , and an unspecified number remain missing , Rami Kaal said . Kaal did not have information on the specific nationalities of the migrants on the vessel but said Libya is suffering greatly from the "  huge number " of illegal migrants in his country . According to the spokesman , most have come from sub-Saharan Africa , neighboring countries like Egypt and Tunisia and , more recently , more have come from Syria . The migrants arrive to board boats headed to European shores , particularly Italy and Malta . Kaal feels that the European countries have an obligation to help Libya deal with this "  serious problem " but said , so far , they have done little . According to Kaal , the flow of illegal migrants has contributed to the rise in crimes such as killings and armed robberies in Libya . He referred CNN to the statements made by acting Interior Minister Salah Mazeq on Saturday . The minister threatened to "  facilitate " the passage of migrants and "  flood Europe " with them unless the countries stepped up and helped Libya . "  I warn the world , especially the European Union , unless they assume their responsibility ... we warn that Libya could facilitate the passage of this flood  of illegal migrants  and fast , " Mazeq said . He went on to say Libya has paid the price ; now it 's the EU 's turn to pay the price of combating the problem . Libya 's porous southern borders have been a favorite launch pad for illegal migrants trying to reach Europe due to its proximity to countries like Malta and Italy . Since Libya 's revolution in 2011 , the country has been struggling to deal with this growing phenomenon . To give scope to the problem , Kaal told CNN last week more than 400 migrants were caught in one day as they tried to board vessels to Europe . Asked how Europe can offer assistance , he offered the example of the delivery of boats for Libya 's coastguard from an unnamed European country that has been stalled for more than 18 months . Following the Interior Minister 's comments , the Libyan Interim Government released a statement , saying in part : "  The government also reaffirms it is continuing to cooperate with all concerned countries , especially Italy , in monitoring the borders to stem the flow of migrants . The Government renews its call to all countries to create development projects in the countries of origin in an effort to cut down on this phenomenon . " Migrants die as two boats capsize off Greek island Italian navy rescues over 1,000 migrants from overcrowded boats in a day	A boat sank off the coast of Tripoli Sunday killing at least 40 people 50 others were rescued and an unspecified number remains missing The boat was carrying illegal migrants trying to reach Europe Libya has asked Europe for help dealing with the "  serious problem " of illegal migration
Mexico City  CNN  -- Authorities found two severed heads along a highway in Mexico City on Monday morning , the city 's attorney general said . The heads were inside a car near the border dividing the city from neighboring Mexico state , Attorney General Miguel Mancera told reporters . The nation 's defense ministry was also nearby . A lengthy message was left beside the heads , Mancera said , detailing that a drug gang known as "  The Hand With Eyes " was responsible . "  It ends saying that the territory of ` The Hand With Eyes ' is so extensive that it has reached the metropolitan area and has n't disappeared , " Mancera said . Police in Mexico City arrested the gang 's suspected leader , Oscar Osvaldo Garcia , also known as "  The Hand With Eyes , " in August . Mancera said Monday that authorities remained committed to tracking down members of the gang and stopping its growth . Authorities were still working Monday to identify the victims . Beheadings have become a signature sign of the brutally violent turf battles between drug cartels that have plagued cities across Mexico . Last week authorities in the beach resort city of Acapulco made a similar discovery , finding five severed human heads inside a small wooden crate , Guerrero state authorities said . But such violence is rare in the country 's capital . "  Mexico City has been surprisingly calm in the midst of the turbulence of this conflict with organized crime , while other major cities are experiencing major upturns in violence , " said Eric Olson , a security expert at the Mexico Institute of the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars in Washington . "  It has n't exploded the way it has  elsewhere  . There 's always that fear of that happening , because there 's nothing to guarantee that it wo n't . " CNN 's Krupskaia Alis , Rene Hernandez , Rafael Romo and Catherine E. Shoichet , and CNNMexico.com contributed to this report .	NEW : A message left by a drug gang claims responsibility , the city 's prosecutor says NEW : Mexico 's defense ministry is near the site where the heads were found The heads were found near the border between Mexico City and neighboring Mexico state Brutal turf battles between drug cartels , common elsewhere in Mexico , are rare in the capital
CNN  -- Any kid can dream up a roller coaster . But those who visit a new exhibit at Walt Disney World 's Epcot theme park can actually take a ride on their fantasy creations . An artist 's rendering of the "  Sum of All Thrills " interactive ride , opening Wednesday at Disney World . Epcot on Wednesday opened a new attraction called "  Sum of All Thrills , " which lets kids use computer tablets to design a virtual roller coaster , bobsled track or plane ride . After inputting their designs , kids climb into a robotic carriage that uses virtual-reality technology to help them experience the ride they 've created . "  This is really the next generation -- where there 's a lot more personalization involved " in the amusement-park experience , said Eric Goodman , Disney 's lead project manager on the ride . This make-your-own-ride approach appears to be a growing trend in the world of amusement parks and museums . Taking cues from the video game industry , park and ride designers have realized that people -- especially young ones -- want to interact with and even design their own thrill rides . In addition to the new Epcot ride in Orlando , Florida , two Disney theme parks feature a ride called "  Toy Story Mania , " which lets riders shoot at targets as they roll down the track and , in doing so , shape their own ride experience . Another Disney attraction , CyberSpace Mountain , caters to adults and kids by letting them customize their own virtual ride from a menu of drops , loops and other features . Universal Studios in Florida opened a roller coaster in August called the "  Hollywood Rip Ride Rockit , " which lets people create their own personal musical soundtrack for their ride . Interactive rides are in the "  baby stages " so far , since roller coasters and theme-park attractions are so expensive to build , but interaction and personalization promise to be running themes in the industry , said Bob McTyre , president of Apogee Attractions , which has has helped design rides for Disney , Universal Studios and others . McTyre was not involved in the new ride at Epcot . He said theme park designers frequently bring up ideas such as roller coasters with three possible endings , allowing riders to choose which path to take . But those big ideas quickly hit a roadblock : the high costs of implementing such a project , he said . Shawn McCoy , vice-president of marketing and business development at Jack Rouse Associates , another amusement-park design firm , said this desire for interactivity in amusement parks takes its cues from video games . "  There 's also a definite need to compete with video games or the gaming industry -- where -LSB- players -RSB- have control over all of the elements , from the environment to the players ' movement , " he said , noting that museums and zoos also are taking notice of the trend . The "  Sum of All Thrills " ride at Epcot employs a robotic arm -- more commonly seen assembling cars at an auto plant -- to let kids experience their roller coaster creations . Sitting in a carriage with their legs and arms outside the ride , kids watch a video version of their ride while the arm moves them from side to side and up and down to simulate the feeling of a real roller coaster . Fans blow air at the riders at various speeds to give people the sensation that they 're moving forward . Goodman , the Disney designer , said the robotic arm and carriage come "  pretty darn close " to replicating the real roller coaster experience . Kids design their experience on touch-screen computers , using a digital ruler and pre-selected track options to construct their rides . If a person tries to build something physically impossible -- a hill that 's too steep for the cars to climb , for example -- then they 're asked to retool their ideas . Disney hopes the interactive nature of the Epcot ride also helps kids learn that math and science can be fun . "  I think it 's really empowering for the kids to realize that the math does n't control them . They get to control the math , " Goodman said . The Raytheon Company , a maker of weapons and defense systems , said it sponsored the exhibit as a way to get middle-school aged kids more interested in careers in math and engineering .	Disney opens an exhibit where kids create roller coasters -- and ride them Theme parks are trying to make their rides more interactive , taking cues from gaming The "  Sum of All Thrills " ride opens Wednesday at Epcot Center in Florida Kids design their rides on computers , ride them in a stationary robotic carriage
ABIDJAN , Cote d'Ivoire  Reuters  -- The United Nations said on Saturday it had suspended a Moroccan military contingent from its peacekeeping mission in Cote d'Ivoire while it investigated allegations of widespread sexual abuse . Moroccan U.N. peacekeepers stop a bus near Bouake , Cote d'Ivoire , in March . "  It means they do n't participate in our operations , " said Hamadoun Toure , spokesman for the U.N. mission in Cote d'Ivoire  ONUCI  . "  Those who are found guilty will be sent back home . " The world body said the measure was in addition to a decision to confine the entire battalion of 734 soldiers to barracks . U.N. officials , speaking on condition of anonymity , said on Friday the investigation involved Moroccan soldiers having sex with a large number of underage girls in the West African country 's northern rebel stronghold of Bouake . Toure said the allegations had come to light after the mission ran a campaign against sexual exploitation in which it asked local people to inform it about abuses . It then sent a team to carry out interviews and gather information . The Cote d'Ivoire mission numbers just over 9,000 uniformed personnel from more than 40 countries . Moroccans make up the bulk of the force in Bouake with some Bangladeshi police , Pakistani engineers and Ghanaian medical personnel . The peacekeepers , backed by troops from former colonial power France , are in the world 's top cocoa grower to support a peace process that was revived in March by an agreement between President Laurent Gbagbo and rebel leader Guillaume Soro . E-mail to a friend Copyright 2007 Reuters . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .	U.N. confines all 734 members of Moroccan battalion to barracks Some soldiers accused of having sex with underage girls in Cote d'Ivoire U.N. says anyone found guilty will be sent home
CNN  -- Sherwood Schwartz , the prolific television writer and producer best known as the creator of the iconic sitcoms "  Gilligan 's Island " and "  The Brady Bunch , " died Tuesday morning in Los Angeles . He was 94 . Schwartz 's wife of 70 years , Mildred , confirmed to CNN that Schwartz had died after being hospitalized for an infection the past 10 days . She and the couple 's daughter Hope Juber were with Schwartz when "  he died peacefully " at about 4 a.m.  7 a.m. ET  . "  He had a very good life , " Mildred Schwartz said . "  It 's just too bad it had to come to an end . " Schwartz got his break in TV as a writer for "  The Red Skelton Hour , " for which he got two Emmy Award nominations , winning one . But he first left his most indelible mark by creating and producing two ensemble sitcoms : "  Gilligan 's Island , " which aired for 98 episodes on CBS starting in 1964 , and "  The Brady Bunch , " which aired on ABC from 1969 to 1974 . Neither show was among the most popular of its era , but both went on to enjoy much wider audiences in syndication , and Schwartz capitalized on their enduring popularity by producing numerous "  reunion " specials , including "  Rescue From Gilligan 's Island "  1978  and "  A Very Brady Christmas "  1988  . Schwartz was awarded a star on Hollywood 's "  Walk of Fame " in 2008 , according to website IMDb . "  Sherwood was a wonderful writer and producer , but more importantly he was a wonderful husband , father , grandfather and friend , " said Florence Henderson , who starred as mom Carol on "  The Brady Bunch . " "  His sense of humor never failed him and I always looked so forward to hearing his stories . They were endless and made you laugh so hard that tears would be running down your cheeks . Most of these stories were about the mishaps in his own life . " Henderson said that ever since she met him , in 1969 , "  I do n't ever remember him losing his temper . Ultimately , he was a wonderful teacher in life and again , in death , he taught us how to leave with dignity and courage . " Along with his wife and daughter , Schwartz is survived by three children , eight grandchildren and four great-grandchildren . The family is planning a private memorial for the end of the week .	TV writer and producer Sherwood Schwartz , 94 , died early Tuesday Shows went on to enjoy wider fame through syndication , reunion specials Schwartz was awarded a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in 2008
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Building upon the success of the Green Week franchise , CNN International expands its environmental coverage this year with special Earth Day reports on April 22 , and plans additional specials in July and October and a series of comprehensive reports around the Copenhagen Climate Conference in December . On Earth Day , Wednesday April 22 , CNN International 's special coverage , "  Going Green , " will showcase the network 's extensive global resources with an array of reports and live coverage of Earth Day events around the world . From specific signature newscasts to business shows , the network will focus its attention on everything green and help make sense of what it means to be green today . In addition , CNN International will change the network 's signature red logo to green during the coverage . "  CNN International is committed to green coverage , " said Katherine Green , senior vice president of CNN International . "  It is a topic that resonates with our viewers and with our correspondents . We have reporters all over the world . They find stories no else can . This allows us to give our viewers a true global picture of the environmental issues and solutions . " The network 's business programs , ` World Business Today ' and ` Quest Means Business ' , will focus on the business of going green . From the CEO of an up-and-coming green company to a climate change skeptic , these programs will speak to a variety of people to offer viewers many perspectives on green topics . Throughout the day , CNN International will engage their international audiences asking them what they are doing to be green . iReport correspondent , Errol Barnett , will solicit iReports and ask viewers to describe what they have done to "  go green " in the past year . He 'll also share those iReports throughout the day in special segments across CNN International 's programs . On Saturday , April 25 at 1300 BST and Sunday , April 26 at 0100 and 1900 BST , a special programme , ` Your Green World ' , will focus on the current state of green initiatives around the planet . Correspondents from different parts of the world will report on how the current concern over the state of the environment touches the lives of global citizens . The special will explore many stories , including an initiative in Jakarta , Indonesia that promotes the planting of trees before a couple can get married , and a US recycling plant that tackles financial hurdles brought by the country 's financial downturn .	CNN International to broadcast series of reports on Earth Day , April 22 Additional specials are planned for July and October CNN plans in-depth reporting around Copenhagen Climate Conference
Fort Meade , Maryland  CNN  -- A military judge plans to announce Wednesday morning what sentence she 'll give Pfc. Bradley Manning , the U.S. Army intelligence analyst who stands convicted of what prosecutors believe was the biggest leak of classified materials in Army history . The judge , Army Col. Denise Lind , reconvened the sentencing phase of Manning 's court martial Tuesday morning , and noted the soldier has 1,293 days -- or 3 1/2 years -- of detention credit to consider . Manning 's defense attorney previously argued that his client deserves additional consideration for the harsh conditions he suffered during part of that detention . Lind 's deliberations officially began after court recessed Tuesday morning . Later Tuesday , she told both sides that she intends to announce a sentence at 10 a.m. ET Wednesday . Manning 's lawyer : He should not ` rot in jail ' Prosecutors have said Manning acted as a "  determined insider " in leaking classified information about the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan and should be locked up for at least 60 years . Manning 's lawyer contends he can be rehabilitated and should not "  rot in jail . " Manning faces up to 90 years behind bars . Lawyers for both sides wrapped up their sentencing arguments Monday . "  There may not be a soldier in the history of the Army who displayed such an extreme disregard " for his mission , Capt. Joe Morrow , the prosecutor , said Monday . Manning 's arrogance , Morrow said , meant that he "  felt he alone was knowledgeable and intelligent enough to determine what information was to be classified . " Judge explains verdict Morrow asked that Manning , 25 , serve a minimum sentence of six decades behind bars , saying his actions created grave risk , disrupted diplomatic missions and endangered lives . Defense attorney David Coombs did not ask for a specific sentence , but said that his client was an excellent candidate for rehabilitation and that he should not be left to "  rot in jail . " "  Perhaps his biggest crime was that he cared about the loss of life that he was seeing and could n't ignore it , " he said of Manning 's decision to turn over the explosive information to WikiLeaks . "  This is a young man capable of being redeemed , " Coombs said in final remarks . "  The defense requests , after the court considers all the facts , a sentence that allows him to have a life . " Lind convicted Manning of numerous counts at his trial in July , including espionage-related charges . He avoided a potential life sentence when Lind rejected charges that his actions aided the enemy . In addition to prison , prosecutors also want Manning to forfeit pay and benefits and pay a $ 100,000 fine . Officials indicated a single sentence would cover all of the guilty counts . Manning apologizes , tells court he must pay price	NEW : Judge tentatively plans to announce sentence Wednesday morning Prosecution calls Manning a "  determined insider " in largest leak of classified information Defense says Manning is an excellent case for rehabilitation He faces up to 90 years behind bars
CNN  -- Phil Mickelson did it the hard way . But the bottom line was that he came away victorious from the Scottish Open to end a 20-year individual drought in Europe . Mickelson beat South Africa 's Branden Grace in a playoff on the links course at Castle Stuart in the Scottish Highlands on Sunday for his first win in Europe since claiming a Challenge Tour event in Paris in 1993 . It was the perfect preparation for Mickelson ahead of the British Open that starts Thursday at Muirfield in Scotland . It must have also eased the pain of finishing second again at the U.S. Open last month . "  This is really cool , " Mickelson , in his ninth appearance at the Scottish Open , was quoted as saying by the European Tour 's website . "  It 's important to me , and it 's probably the biggest challenge of my career hitting the shots that are required here . "  To win here and to play well here , finally win on a links golf course , it really means a lot to me and it also builds my confidence heading into future Scottish and British Opens . " The highest ranked golfer in the field at No. 8 , Mickelson blew a chance to win the title in regulation when he erred on the 18th hole . Needing only a par five -- he did n't drop a shot at the 18th in the first three rounds -- Mickelson struck a bogey to complete his round at three-under 69 and was 17 under through four rounds , like Grace . But in the playoff at the same hole he recovered , edging Grace by hitting a birdie . "  I was so mad at myself for mentally losing my focus that I came out on that 18th  in the playoff  pretty focused to make a four , " said the American . "  I started coming here around 2000 or so and spent a lot of years here enjoying my time in Scotland and enjoying this competition . "  And to finally win , that feels great . " Mickelson and Grace were tied for second behind Sweden 's Henrik Stenson heading into the final round . Stenson 's two-shot lead evaporated when he fired a one-over 73 and he finished tied for second with Denmark 's JB Hansen .	Phil Mickelson wins the Scottish Open in a playoff over South African Branden Grace Mickelson wins his first individual event in Europe in 20 years Scandinavians JB Hansen and Henrik Stenson finish two shots behind Mickelson and Grace
CNN  -- An Iranian actress who was sentenced to a year in jail and 90 lashes for appearing in a film critical of the country 's government has been released , according to Amnesty International and the film 's producers . Actress Marzieh Vafamehr stared in the recently released "  My Tehran for Sale . " In the film , she appears in one scene without the head-covering Iranian women must wear , while in another she appears to drink alcohol , Amnesty International said . Vafamehr was released Monday night after an appeals court cut her sentence to three months and overturned the 90 lashes , the rights group said . Cyan Films , which produced "  My Tehran for Sale , " reported that the actress is now with her family . "  As filmmakers , we believe in freedom of speech and support all artists who are imprisoned and punished in Iran for expressing themselves through their art . We admire their courage and the contribution they make to sharing with the world their truth about life for Iranian people , " said Kate Croser and Julie Ryan , producers of the film . In August , the International Campaign for Human Rights in Iran said it had interviewed the actress 's husband , Iranian filmmaker Nasser Taghvai . "  It is a bitter tale why our artists should end up in prison for their profession ; this is so painful . An actor can not say I would do this in a film , or I would n't do that in a film .  If they did ,  nobody would give them work anymore , " the group 's website quoted Taghvai as saying . Rights groups have previously blasted Iran , slamming its record on the media and the arts . In particular , they say the government is cracking down on workers in the film industry . "  In recent months , an increasing number of filmmakers and actors have been targeted for persecution in Iran . While the release of Marzieh Vafamehr is a welcome development , it is deeply worrying that three filmmakers are still being held in Tehran 's Evin Prison , " said Amnesty International 's Deputy Director for Middle East and North Africa Hassiba Hadj Sahraoui . According to the rights group , those filmmakers are Mehran Zinatbakhsh , Mojtaba Mir Tahmasb and Katayoun Shahabi .	Actress Marzieh Vafamehr stars in the film "  My Tehran for Sale " An appeals court reportedly reduces her sentence Rights groups accuse the Iranian government of targeting film workers
Bekaa Valley , Lebanon  CNN  -- In my nine years as a UNICEF ambassador , I 've been to camps for people displaced by conflict . Though hardly luxurious , they usually have some kind of structure : a water source , latrines , even schools . In Lebanon , even the most basic services are hard to come by as the small country staggers from the flow of refugees from its larger neighbor . The places I saw had no toilets , no clean water sources , no places to shower and no areas for cooking . Cases of painful scabies , lice and fleas are on the rise . I met mothers and children who have witnessed unspeakable acts of violence , including the death of loved ones . Often arriving in Lebanon with no more than the clothes on their backs , moms are trying to hold their families together with no idea how they will feed , clothe or shelter their traumatized kids . Many of these refugees lived a middle-class life in Syria , where they had homes , jobs , electricity and plumbing . Visit UNICEF 's website to find out how you can help Now , their savings have dwindled and many of them are dependent on the generosity and hospitality of strangers . They are living in tents constructed from discarded objects such as burlap sacks and plastic sheets . They might rent land from a farmer or squat in an abandoned construction site . These new "  homes " leave them exposed to all sorts of dangers , respiratory infections and other diseases . And because there are no official camps , people are scattered , which makes identifying the informal settlement sites extremely challenging . We traveled to a cement factory , where some Syrian mothers were renting tiny rooms to house their entire families . I noticed one young girl who had dull , patchy skin . Her eyes sparkled and she was quick to smile , but her hair , eyebrows and lashes were sparse . When I asked about what happened , I was told that she became ill after playing in the factory 's toxic waste . Since January , the number of Syrian refugees in Lebanon has increased nearly six-fold . More than a million people are in urgent need of humanitarian aid . Considering Lebanon has a population of 4 million people , this is a crisis of epic scale that is putting enormous strain on local communities . According to UNICEF , there are more than 270,000 refugee children who are not in school in the country ; by the end of the year , the number could exceed 400,000 . Some of them have missed out on more than a year of learning . Syrian children can enroll in public schools in Lebanon as long as there is space , but many schools are already at capacity . In the United States , much of the discussion about Syria has been focused on politics . But for the kids I met , and millions more like them all across the region , politics is the farthest thing from their minds . Despite bearing no responsibility for the violence , children are paying the heaviest price for the conflict . They desperately need water , medical attention , sanitation , psychological support and the opportunity to receive an education , but there are simply not enough resources to alleviate suffering . In spite of the enormity of the crisis , funding for lifesaving aid is in short supply . UNICEF still needs $ 172 million this year to assist Syrian refugees across the region , which means programs to support these children are threatened . Clean water , schools , health care and nutrition are all at risk . I was overwhelmed by the deprivation and trauma the children we met have endured . But they rushed up to us with kisses and hugs , asking only for the chance to go to school . They deserve that chance . What 's at stake is an entire generation of children who are carrying the emotional and physical scars of war . Time is running out for them . They need our help to stay alive , to go to school and to be kids again . Frustration in Congress with aid to Syrian rebels	UNICEF Ambassador Lucy Liu visited Syrian refugees in Lebanon Each day thousands of Syrians flee into the country , half are children UNICEF needs $ 172 million to provide clean water , schools , health care and nutrition
CNN  Robert Durst appeared to be prepared for life on the lam when FBI agents arrested him in New Orleans . The millionaire heir , according to court documents , had more than $ 40,000 in cash with him -- and a neck-to-head latex mask to alter his appearance . The new details about Durst , who 's been charged with first-degree murder , emerged Wednesday in court documents supporting a search warrant for his Houston home . It 's the latest twist in a whirlwind week for Durst , the subject of HBO 's true-crime documentary "  The Jinx . " He 's gone from a man battling suspicions that he killed three people to a frail 71-year-old on suicide watch . Durst , whose real estate developer family is among New York 's wealthiest , has a net worth of about $ 100 million and had been withdrawing large sums of money from various bank accounts , including daily withdrawals of $ 9,000 over 35 days since October , the court documents said . He 's being held on drug and weapons charges in Louisiana as he awaits extradition to Los Angeles to face charges in the 2000 killing of his close friend . It 's not the first time he 's been accused of murder . He admitted to killing and dismembering his neighbor in a 2003 trial , but he was acquitted after arguing he acted in self-defense . And while he 's never been charged in his first wife 's 1982 disappearance , her family members say they believe she 's dead and that he 's the one to blame . FBI agents are also investigating whether Durst could be connected to other unsolved murder cases . The agency is putting out a call to local authorities to examine cold cases in locations near where Durst lived over the past five decades , a U.S. law enforcement official said . Unsolved cases in Vermont , upstate New York , the San Francisco Bay area and Southern California are among those getting a new look . Durst 's apparent plans to flee began to unravel on Saturday , after an FBI agent approached him from behind at a New Orleans hotel and said , "  Mr. Durst ? " Although Durst had checked into the hotel under the name "  Everette Ward " and carried a Texas ID card with that name , he turned around when the agent called him by name , according to court documents . In his hotel room , agents found more than $ 40,000 in cash , mostly in $ 100 bills packed into small envelopes , a loaded revolver , the rubber mask that covers the head and neck , his actual birth certificate and passport , and marijuana . On Tuesday , authorities made it clear they were n't done looking into Durst , even though he 's behind bars . At the Houston condominium building where Durst owns three units and lived for many years , authorities seized compact discs , bank statements , handwritten notes , credit cards and checks , stationery , a cell phone , boxes of court documents , photos and a trash bag of court transcripts . They also left with copies of books that detail the disappearance of his first wife and his legal troubles : "  Without a Trace " and paperback and hardcover copies of "  A Deadly Secret . " Journalist Matt Birkbeck , who wrote "  A Deadly Secret , " said he 'd heard Durst read his book , but did n't realize he still had two copies . "  When I first heard that , I was somewhat shocked , " Birkbeck told CNN , "  and a little disturbed . " The Los Angeles County district attorney filed a first-degree murder charge against Durst on Monday . If convicted , he could face the death penalty . Prosecutors accuse Durst of "  lying in wait " and killing Susan Berman , a crime writer and his longtime confidante , because she "  was a witness to a crime . " Berman was shot in the head in her Beverly Hills , California , home in December 2000 , shortly before investigators were set to speak with her about the disappearance of Durst 's first wife , Kathleen McCormack Durst , in 1982 . Durst has long maintained he had nothing to do with Berman 's death or his wife 's disappearance . He 's confined to a Louisiana prison 's mental health unit after being deemed a danger to himself . On Tuesday , an appeals court granted a request from the Orleans Parish Sheriff 's Office to move Durst to the Elayn Hunt Correctional Center 's mental health unit in St. Gabriel , about an hour 's drive from New Orleans . Lawyers for the sheriff 's office argued that the jail where Durst was being held until Tuesday night ca n't accommodate inmates with acute mental health conditions . The appeals court agreed . Durst 's lawyer Dick DeGuerin said he "  did not believe " his client was mentally ill , and that he should remain in Orleans Parish to give the legal team better access to him before a evidentiary hearing scheduled for Monday . DeGuerin has said it 's no coincidence authorities arrested Durst the day before the HBO documentary 's final episode aired . He said he was n't surprised about the search of his Texas condo , either . "  They 're acting like a bunch of Keystone Kops , particularly after being embarrassed by the TV program , " he said . "  And I 'll be even more surprised if they find anything of any evidentiary value whatsoever . " Authorities have been mum about what evidence led them to arrest Durst on Saturday , the day before the finale of "  The Jinx " aired . Court documents reveal some details about their case against him . Four forensic experts concluded a letter sent to police telling them to search for a cadaver in Berman 's home was likely written by Durst . For viewers of the HBO documentary , that might not come as a surprise . In "  The Jinx , " Berman 's stepson stumbles upon a signed letter from Durst to Berman 's home in Beverly Hills . The handwriting looks similar to the "  cadaver " letter that tipped off police to the killing , and both letters misspell the word as "  Beverley . " In the documentary , Durst denies he has anything to do with writing the "  cadaver " letter , and that he has anything to do with Berman 's death . Court documents mention another anonymous letter , sent from New York in January 2001 , to a Los Angeles police detective . It was titled "  Possible motive for Susan Berman murder " and stated that Berman suspected Durst of being involved in his wife 's disappearance . It also said Durst planned to visit Berman around the time of her death . In a 2003 murder trial , Durst admitted he 'd killed neighbor Morris Black in Galveston , Texas , and chopped up the body . He was acquitted after his attorneys argued he had acted in self-defense , though he later served nine months in prison on felony weapons charges stemming from that case . DeGuerin told reporters Monday that his client did n't kill Berman . "  He 's ready to end all the rumor and speculation and have a trial , " DeGuerin said . It 's not clear when a trial would take place . Durst waived his right to fight extradition to Los Angeles , but because prosecutors in New Orleans are pursuing charges against him , he remains jailed there . Investigators believe he planned to travel from New Orleans to Cuba , a law enforcement official told CNN . Investigators found a .38 - caliber Smith & Wesson revolver and about 147 grams  5.2 ounces  of marijuana in Durst 's hotel room in New Orleans , according to court documents . He was booked on charges of possession of a firearm by a convicted felon and possession of a firearm in the presence of a controlled dangerous substance . Court documents filed Tuesday say Durst will receive medications while imprisoned , "  including but not limited to hydrocodone as needed for pain . " CNN 's Evan Perez , Chandler Friedman , Jeremy Grisham , Dave Alsup , Holly Yan , Chris Welch , Shimon Prokupecz and Kevin Conlon contributed to this report .	The FBI is looking into unsolved murder cases in areas where Robert Durst has lived He 's charged with first-degree murder in the slaying of his longtime friend in 2000 Court documents reveal he had more than $ 40,000 in cash and a mask when agents arrested him
CNN  -- Two weeks ago , South Sudan was best known as the youngest African country , created with much international fanfare in 2011 . Today , it is possibly the next Rwanda . A flash-fire conflict threatening to escalate into full-blown civil war combines trademark elements of African tragedy -- resource wealth coveted by global powers , in this case oil , and longstanding political and ethnic divisions . Here 's a quick primer to get you up to speed on the escalating situation : 1  First things first . Tell me about South Sudan . South Sudan is a landlocked country of more than 11 million people in central Africa , bordering Sudan , Ethiopia , Kenya , Uganda , Democratic Republic of Congo and the Central African Republic . It gained independence from Sudan on July 9 , 2011 , making it the world 's newest nation after decades of ethnic and political conflict between the Sudanese government in Khartoum and opposition elements in the South . Two years later , South Sudan remains one of Africa 's most impoverished countries despite containing the majority of known Sudanese oil reserves . 2  Who is fighting whom ? The South Sudanese government and military , dominated by the Dinka ethnic group of President Salva Kiir , is fighting rebels allied with former Vice President Riek Machar of the Nuer ethnic group . At stake for now is control of oil-rich regions responsible for more than 95 % of the country 's economy , and perhaps leadership of the country . Mass killings and other violence in the past two weeks have caused tens of thousands of people to seek shelter under protection from U.N. forces in Juba , the capital , and some other cities . More U.N. peacekeepers from Africa and perhaps elsewhere may be coming soon , and 150 U.S. Marines are on standby in Djibouti to assist if needed in evacuating American government and aid workers from the country . 3  Is this something new ? Yes and no . While the sudden escalation of the conflict in recent days caught many by surprise , the causes were familiar . South Sudan 's independence two years ago followed decades of rebellion by various ethnic and political groups against the Khartoum government in Sudan . Kiir and Machar were longtime rivals who had an uneasy relationship atop the government , with Machar making clear his presidential ambitions . The valued oil resources and history of ethnic divisions amounted to a recipe for political mayhem , noted Jon Temin , an Africa specialist at the United States Institute of Peace . "  It did n't start about oil , " Temin told CNN on Tuesday , adding that the political rivalry at the top was "  no secret to anybody . " 4  What triggered the recent violence ? Kiir fired his Cabinet , including Machar , in July in a shuffle considered "  not uncommon " for such a fledgling African nation , Temin said . While the move caused concern , a relatively calm aftermath bolstered hopes of continued stability . However , that unraveled in mid-December with gunfire between security forces loyal to Kiir and Machar . It remains unclear who fired the first shot , according to Temin . Kiir accused forces backing Machar of launching a coup attempt , and retribution attacks erupted with top allies of Machar detained . Machar has denied any coup attempt occurred . "  It has been surprising in how quickly it spread , " Temin said . 5  Where do things stand ? The situation is both dire and uncertain . Consider this grim report Tuesday from Ravina Shamdasani of the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees , who said an official saw more than 30 bodies in two mass graves and that the global body was trying to verify the existence of others . "  It is very difficult , and there are reports that some bodies may have already been burned , " Shamdasani added . The United Nations said fighting had spread to five of South Sudan 's 10 states , and that it had credible reports civilians were being attacked and killed based on their ethnicity . Meanwhile , U.N. officials struggled to make accommodations for some 45,000 people crowding its compounds seeking shelter from the violence . Nearly as many people were seeking shelter elsewhere . The U.N. Security Council voted unanimously on Tuesday to increase the 6,800-strong U.N. force in South Sudan by another 5,500 troops to try to ensure the safety of the displaced , a role that peacekeepers failed to fulfill in the Rwanda genocide of 1994 that killed 800,000 people . "  Even with additional capabilities , we will not be able to protect every civilian in need in South Sudan , " U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon warned after the vote , adding that "  there is no military solution to this conflict . " On Monday , Ban said in a message to the people of South Sudan that "  the U.N. stood with you on your road to independence , " and that "  we will stay with you now . " 6  Where does the United States stand ? The United States was one of the strongest supporters of South Sudan 's independence for a few reasons . A democratic South Sudan could be a regional hedge against the Khartoum regime , which the United States lists as a sponsor of terrorism , and President Omar al-Bashir , who has been indicted on charges of war crimes , crimes against humanity and genocide . In addition , the possibility exists of future U.S. involvement in South Sudan 's oil industry . U.S. oil companies have no role now in South Sudan due to sanctions against Sudan , which still plays a major role in overall oil production . Secretary of State John Kerry has urged Kiir and Machar to enter peace talks , but there was no clear signal that the fighting would ease . Kerry also dispatched his special envoy to Sudan and South Sudan , Donald Booth , to the country . In a statement Monday , the U.S. military 's Africa Command said it was positioning 150 Marines in Djibouti in East Africa to be able to respond should conditions in South Sudan deteriorate even more . CNN Pentagon Correspondent Barbara Starr reported Tuesday that 50 of the Marines then proceeded to Entebbe , Uganda , to be even closer to South Sudan if needed . The decision grew out of last year 's experience in Benghazi , Libya , when no U.S. forces were close enough to respond quickly to the attack that killed U.S. Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other Americans . According to a senior administration official , 380 Americans and about another 300 third-country nationals have been evacuated . "  Based on registration , there are American citizens in other towns and areas throughout South Sudan , " the official said . "  We are trying to track down how many may still be there . " CNN 's Mike Pearson , Khushbu Shah , Jennifer Rizzo , Marie-Louise Gumuchian , Barbara Starr and Antonia Mortensen and journalist Mading Ngor in Juba , South Sudan , contributed to this report .	The world 's newest country descends into violence and chaos The United Nations scrambles to ease the carnage and protect civilians 150 Marines are positioned in Djibouti to help evacuate Americans The United States urges opposing leaders to talk instead of fight
CNN  -- The brazen escape of a notorious gangster in France may be due partly to a problem plaguing the prison that could n't hold him : overcrowding . There is a clear "  overpopulation problem in the Sequedin prison and this hinders the job of guarding prisoners , " a spokesman for the French Ministry of Justice told CNN on Sunday , commenting on the escape of Redoine Faid . Faid allegedly held five people , including four guards , at gunpoint at the detention center in the northern city of Lille on Saturday , officials said . He burst his way to freedom by allegedly detonating explosives that destroyed five doors , penitentiary union spokesman Etienne Dobrometz told CNN affiliate BFMTV . His whereabouts are unknown . French Justice Minister Christiane Taubira told reporters on Saturday that a European arrest warrant covering 26 countries had been issued and that Interpol had been called in . An Interpol spokesman told CNN no public notice had been issued on Faid . Interpol can also issue "  restricted " notices that are not public . The spokesman did not say whether one had been issued in this case . Police detained a brother of Faid for questioning only , according to a law enforcement source , who did not provide other details about that development . The source spoke on the condition of not being identified because the person is not permitted to discuss the matter publicly . The source also estimated that up to 150 French police are working on the case . Faid 's prison escape raises a number of questions : How did an inmate get guns and explosives ? How did he manage to use those to force his way out ? And , after all that , why is he still at large ? The four guards who Faid allegedly held hostage "  are safe and sound , " said Lille prosecutor Frederic Fevre . Still , officials from the prison guards ' union pressed Taubira to provide better safety measures inside prisons , including more thorough searches of those who enter , BFMTV reported . Built in 2005 , the Lille-Sequedin penitentiary is not old , but it 's not well designed to keep watch of prisoners , said Jimmy Delliste , a former associate director there . "  The construction ... makes it particularly difficult to manage detainees , who are particularly difficult to watch , " Delliste told BFMTV . Modern-day gangster Faid fashioned himself as a modern-day gangster . He thought big -- getting inspiration from the movies . He wore a hockey mask , like Robert DeNiro 's character in "  Heat , " and acted audaciously in attacking armored trucks among other targets . After more than a decade in prison , though , the Frenchman insisted he 'd changed . This promise did n't last long , according to French authorities . A year after his autobiography was published , Faid , who was free at the time , landed back behind bars in 2011 . One person not surprised by Faid 's breakout is his lawyer , Jean-Louis Pelletier . Pelletier had planned to meet his client soon in preparation for an upcoming trial tied to a May 2010 attack in Villiers-sur-Marne , east of Paris , that left a 26-year-old policewoman dead . "  He is remarkably intelligent , and he is using his intellect to serve his ambitions , " Pelletier told BFMTV . "  And Faid  can not stand being imprisoned anymore . " In his autobiography , "  Robber : From Suburbs to Organized Crime , " Faid chronicled his progression from a petty thief to one of France 's most notorious criminals , according to the book 's publisher , La Manufacture De Livres . In 1998 , after three years on the run during which he fled to Switzerland , Faid was caught . Sentenced to 20 years , he ended up spending more than a decade in high-security prisons around France . After being released , Faid put himself out there -- not only with his book , but also as the subject of numerous interviews . The high-adrenaline life of crime he described resembled that of another famous French gangster , Jacques Mesrine . The country 's most-wanted man in the 1970s , Mesrine made his name as a charismatic , press-courting criminal known for his daring bank heists and spectacular prison breaks . Mesrine 's story ended in 1979 , when he was gunned down by police on the streets of Paris .	French justice officials say there is a clear prison "  overpopulation problem " Redoine Faid was a wanted criminal in the '90s known for attacking armored trucks Faid held guards at gunpoint and used explosives to burst through a prison 's doors Law enforcement in France and elsewhere in Europe are now hunting for him
CNN  -- Omar Thornton , minutes after gunning down eight co-workers in Manchester , Connecticut , called state police and told them , "  I took it into my hands " because he worked at a "  racist place , " according to a recording of the call . Thornton , 34 , told police , "  I wish I could have got more of the people . " He also said , "  I 'm not going to kill anybody else . " The Hartford Distributors employee fatally shot himself Tuesday after the shooting spree that followed his resignation over theft allegations . The gripping recording of Thornton 's four-minute 911 call was released Thursday , the same day the company said he never filed a complaint alleging racial discrimination , as his girlfriend Kristi Hannah asserted . Thornton called police after 8 a.m. "  You probably want to know the reason why I shot this place up . This place is a racist place . They treat me bad over here . They treat all the other black people employees bad over here , too . So I took it into my hands ... I wish I could have got more of the people , " he said . Two dispatchers spent most of the call trying to get Thornton to tell where he was , to remain calm and surrender . Police also wanted information on guns he had . Thornton , who killed himself in an office , had a single handgun left by the time of the call . He said the Ruger "  was one of my favorites . " Thornton said he thought police were going to kill him . He declined to give his location in the warehouse . "  When they find me everything is going to be over , " he said . "  They treated me bad since I started here . A racist company , " Thornton said at one point . Toward the end of the call , Thornton said , "  Tell my people that I love them and I 've got to go now . " One of the dispatchers said , "  If you work with me we will get this to stop . " Police were closing in on the suspect by this point . The conversation ended with the dispatcher saying , "  OK , Omar ? Omar ? Omar ? OK . " Another dispatcher said , "  Still alive . " The president of Hartford Distributors said Thornton never filed a claim alleging racial discrimination . Ross Hollander , whose family owns the business , said there were no grievances filed with the company or Thornton 's union . "  I can state to you unequivocally no racism claim was ever alleged , " Hollander said at a news conference at which he pledged the company would cooperate with any investigations . Joanne Hannah , Kristi 's mother , said her daughter had watched a report on Thornton 's 911 call . "  She 's devastated , back to bawling again , " Joanne Hannah said . "  I ca n't even believe he did that . I guess you do n't really know people , its crazy . " Kristi Hannah told CNN Thornton first told her about racial harassment at work last summer . Kristi Hannah said her mother told Thornton to take pictures of the alleged harassment with his cell phone . He took two pictures in the men 's bathroom at work , she said . She described one as his name written on a cartoon , and the other as a drawing of a hangman with a noose around its neck . Connecticut state police have the phone . Hannah 's mother said Thornton heard a co-worker say he "  wanted that n **** r out of there . " She said Thornton told his girlfriend he had reported harassment to a company supervisor and a union representative , but nothing was done about it . Manchester police have said they have found no evidence of racial discrimination .	Omar Thornton called state police after the shootings Dispatchers tried to find information about his location Thornton said the workplace was a "  racist place " The company denies Thornton ever filed racial complaint
Alexandria , Virginia  CNN  -- The shooting death of a music teacher last week has investigators asking whether the crime is connected to two other unsolved killings in Alexandria , Virginia . Ruthanne Lodato , 59 , was shot to death when she answered a knock on her front door Thursday morning . Her elderly mother 's caretaker was wounded , but survived , police said . "  This is a very stable community of people who know one another , and crime of this sort is unfathomable , " neighbor Barry Mudd said . The crime scene is in a quiet residential neighborhood , just a mile from the home where Ronald Kirby , a prominent transportation official , was shot and killed in November . The 69-year-old man 's slaying is still unsolved . Detectives , including from the FBI and Alexandria Police Department , are looking for possible connections between the Ladato and Kirby killings , as well as to the unsolved shooting death of Nancy Dunning , the wife of a former sheriff , just two miles away in 2003 , police said . Although the crimes are spread over a decade , they share similarities . They happened within two miles of each other in the Washington suburb . All three victims were gunned down in their homes with no signs of a forced entry . "  You ca n't help but think that , but hopefully it 's not multiple people , " Alexandria Mayor William D. Euille said . Police released a sketch of a man they suspect might be Lodato 's killer , hoping to generate tips from the community . "  Do n't be afraid to call it in , because you just never know , " Euille said at a news conference . Remains ID 'd as missing Virginia police captain	Ruthanne Lodato was shot to death when she answered a knock on her front door Her home is a mile from where Ronald Kirby was shot to death in November Nancy Dunning 's 2003 unsolved shooting death happened just two miles away Police release a sketch of a man they suspect might be Lodato 's killer
A day after a video posted online showed him describing "  Two and a Half Men " as "  filth " and advising viewers to stop watching the sitcom , actor Angus T. Jones apologized to the show 's cast and crew Tuesday . "  I apologize if my remarks reflect me showing indifference to and disrespect of my colleagues and a lack of appreciation of the extraordinary opportunity of which I have been blessed , " Jones said in a statement released by his publicist . "  I never intended that . " The 19-year-old actor -- who plays Jake Harper , the CBS sitcom 's "  Half " man -- did n't detail what motivated him to make comments . "  I have been the subject of much discussion , speculation and commentary over the past 24 hours . While I can not address everything that has been said or right every misstatement or misunderstanding , there is one thing I want to make clear , " he wrote . "  Without qualification , I am grateful to and have the highest regard and respect for all of the wonderful people on Two and Half Men with whom I have worked and over the past ten years who have become an extension of my family . " It 's unclear how Jones ' comments could affect the show in the long run , but sources close to production told CNN that Jones will not appear in either of the two remaining episodes that the CBS sitcom will shoot before going on holiday break . The sources said both of the episodes were written well in advance of Jones ' video confession , which whipped around the Web on Monday . In the video , the actor , who 's been on the show since 2003 , repeatedly asks viewers not to watch the sitcom . ` Two and a Half Men ' actor 's criticism of show shines light on Seventh-day Adventists "  I 'm on ` Two and a Half Men , ' and I do n't want to be on it , " Jones said . "  You can not be a true God-fearing person and be on a television show like that . I know I ca n't . I 'm not OK with what I 'm learning , what the Bible says , and being on that television show . You go all or nothing . " According to a statement from the Seventh-day Adventist Church , Jones joined a church in the San Fernando Valley area in June , making him one of the 1.1 million North American members of the Protestant organization . However , the church said it 's not affiliated with the video clip that 's gone viral online and says the online show 's host is not a pastor of the Seventh-day Adventist Church . Church spokesman George Johnson said the church did not have additional information about Johnson 's comments but said the church was happy Jones has "  found a place in which he feels comfortable to worship and grow his faith . " Jones ' comments come nearly two years after Charlie Sheen was fired from the hit sitcom after a two-week public meltdown that included attacks on the show 's producer . On Tuesday , Sheen described Jones ' comments as a meltdown . "  It is radically clear to me that the show  2 1/2 Men  is cursed , " Sheen said in a statement released by his publicist . More celebrity news on CNN.com 's Marquee Blog	Angus T. Jones says he never intended to disrespect his colleagues Jones , 19 , says the sitcom 's crew and cast are an extension of his family Charlie Sheen : Jones ' "  meltdown " shows "  the show is cursed " In an online video , Jones calls the sitcom "  filth " and asks viewers not to watch it
CNN  -- New tests suggest how a contaminant in heparin -- a blood thinner -- may be connected to dozens of deaths , FDA officials said Monday . Jin Shaohong , a Chinese health official , says he doubts China is to blame for the heparin problem . The Food and Drug Administration has "  now established a mechanism by which we think this contaminant could cause these adverse events , " said Dr. Janet Woodcock , director of the FDA 's Center for Drug Evaluation and Research . She said contaminated shipments of the blood thinner have been traced from China to 10 countries , including the United States . "  Contamination of the heparin supply is a worldwide problem , " she said . Heparin containing oversulfated chondroitin sulfate -- a compound made from animal cartilage -- has been associated with hundreds of serious adverse symptoms , including allergic reactions that cause nausea , vomiting , shortness of breath and a severe drop in blood pressure . In addition , the FDA has tallied 81 deaths related to those symptoms in the United States , though no causal link has been determined . The severe reactions seem to be related to patients who were given high doses of the drug , Woodcock said . She said she would not detail the suspected problems with the contaminant in heparin until the information is published in scientific literature and other researchers have had a chance to weigh in on the matter . Contaminated heparin has been discovered in China , Australia , Canada , Denmark , France , Italy , Japan , the Netherlands , New Zealand , Germany and the United States . Germany and the United States are the only countries that have linked adverse events to the drug , but cases in other countries may have gone unnoticed , Woodcock said . Still , agency officials stressed Monday that they can not be sure the deaths are linked to the drug , which is made from pig intestines and is given to prevent clot formation . "  We are not able to rule out the fact that there could be other problems leading to these adverse events , " Woodcock said . Earlier Monday , Chinese officials said they were doubtful a contaminant in heparin was responsible for the bad reactions , according to The Associated Press . They said the contamination might have occurred in the United States during the manufacturing process or patients may have had conditions that caused the symptoms . Watch Dr. Sanjay Gupta explain the controversy over heparin " "  We are aware that our Chinese colleagues are skeptical that such a link has been established , " Woodcock said . "  We are hoping for further scientific dialogue with them in the next few weeks to present the data . " The raw ingredient for heparin sold by Baxter International and ordered recalled came from Scientific Protein Laboratories , a Wisconsin company that owns Changzhou SPL Co. Ltd. . The FDA posted on its Web site a warning letter to Changzhou SPL . The letter said the company has not instituted proper safeguards to ensure the raw materials are free of impurities . "  You fail to have adequate systems for evaluating the suppliers of heparin crude materials , and the crude materials themselves to ensure that these materials are acceptable for use , " the letter said . It also cited equipment used in the manufacture of heparin as "  unsuitable for intended use . " For example , it said , tanks used to make heparin "  were identified as clean , " but "  unidentified material was observed adhering to the inside surfaces . " Shipments of the company 's materials made at the plant will be refused admission into the United States until the matter is corrected , the letter said . "  We regret FDA 's decision to send a warning letter to Changzhou SPL , and we do not believe that the warning letter reflects Changzhou SPL 's actual state of compliance with current good manufacturing practices , " SPL said in a written statement . It added that it is "  committed to cooperating with FDA and will promptly provide a detailed response . " In a written statement , Baxter said its tests confirmed that the contaminant can cause drops in blood pressure , the most commonly reported adverse event . "  That means that the contaminant , which was introduced at the workshop of consolidator level , before it reached our API -LSB- active pharmaceutical ingredient -RSB- supplier and before it reached Baxter , is likely the cause of the increased adverse reactions to the heparin , " said Norbert Riedel , the company 's chief scientific officer . Because no method existed to test for the contaminant , the FDA last month developed one , and regulators are now confident current U.S. supplies of the drug are safe , Woodcock said . It remains unclear where the contamination occurred , but the contaminated products ' active pharmaceutical ingredient came from 12 Chinese makers of crude heparin "  across a broad area of China , " she said . The most persuasive evidence implicating the Chinese product , she said , is the fact that the increased number of deaths reported after heparin administration returned to baseline in March , after the FDA recall . Though Chinese officials have raised the possibility that clean and safe heparin may have also been linked to adverse events , Woodcock discounted that . "  We tested this lot and found contamination , " she said . "  In their testing , they did not find contamination , but we are fairly certain because of multiple labs doing the testing that this lot contains contaminants . " E-mail to a friend	FDA : Contaminated shipments of heparin traced from China FDA reports 81 U.S. deaths from symptoms possibly linked to contaminant No direct link has been established between contaminant and deaths , FDA says Chinese officials , U.S. importer defend suppliers
New York  CNN  -- Convicted Ponzi-schemer Bernard Madoff will not attend the funeral of his son , Mark , out of consideration for his daughter-in-law and grandchildren , attorney Ira Sorkin said . Mark Madoff 's body was discovered hanging from a ceiling pipe in his Manhattan apartment on Saturday , two years to the day after his father was arrested for swindling $ 50 billion from investors in the largest Ponzi scheme in U.S. history . The death of the younger Madoff was ruled a suicide by the New York medical examiner 's office after an autopsy on Sunday , spokeswoman Ellen Borakove said . "  He will be conducting a private service on his own where he 's presently incarcerated , " Sorkin said . Madoff , 71 , is at the Butner Federal Correction Complex , a medium-security prison in eastern North Carolina , where he is serving a 150-year prison sentence . Reports from several media outlets Monday said Madoff would not seek to attend his son 's funeral -- prison rules prohibit prisoners with more than two years left on their prison terms from having furloughs . Madoff bilked investors out of their money by masquerading as the head of a legitimate investment firm while using funds from new investors to send payments to his earlier investors , falsely portraying them as proceeds when they were actually stolen money , prosecutors said . Madoff 's criminal activities spawned a tidal wave of civil actions against Mark Madoff , his mother , siblings and hundreds of other defendants , accused of profiting off the Ponzi scheme by withdrawing more money from Madoff 's fund than they invested , money they presumably thought was investment income . A person familiar with the family says Mark Madoff has not been in touch with his extended family for the past two years . Irving Picard , the court-appointed trustee in charge of recovering and distributing Madoff 's assets , has filed a slew of lawsuits in U.S. Bankruptcy Court in Manhattan over the past week on behalf of some of Madoff 's victims . One filed on December 8 named Mark Madoff -- as well as his brother Andrew Madoff and uncle Peter Madoff -- as one of several defendants in a civil lawsuit .	NEW : "  He will be conducting a private service on his own , " lawyer says Mark Madoff 's death was ruled a suicide by the New York medical examiner 's office Mark Madoff 's body was found Saturday , two years after father 's arrest
CNN  Circumstantial evidence is in dire need of a public relations agency . Often described as weak and unconvincing , it is continually bashed by criminal defense attorneys as being synonymous with reasonable doubt . It enjoys none of the glamour of its attractive twin sisters DNA and scientifically based forensic evidence , who even get their own TV shows . In truth , though , circumstantial evidence can sometimes be compelling and highly reliable . When combined with a touch of supporting direct evidence it can be the strongest of all cases as it does not rely on frequently unreliable eyewitnesses . As prosecutors often say in their summations , circumstantial evidence has no motive to lie and no problem with its eyesight . In a Massachusetts ' courtroom , the murder trial of former New England Patriots tight end Aaron Hernandez in the death of Odin Lloyd may prove to be a textbook study of circumstantial evidence and its struggle to overcome reasonable doubt and celebrity status . Prosecutors are meticulously building a case using surveillance video and other evidence to link Hernandez to the killing . Surveillance video already publicly disclosed depicts a pre-homicide meeting between Hernandez and his friends Ernest Wallace and Carlos Ortiz , also charged in the case , at the Hernandez home in North Attleboro . Hernandez is seen walking around with a gun and then departing with his two pals in what appears to be a Nissan Altima . Later video shows Hernandez , Ortiz and Wallace making a fuel stop where driver Hernandez purchases what will later prove to be a very important pack of bubble gum . Prosecutors assert that a trail of text messages and more surveillance video , this time from a vantage point across the street from Lloyd 's apartment , show Lloyd entering the vehicle in response to a Hernandez invite . Later at a time consistent with the time necessary to travel from Lloyd 's apartment , a vehicle is seen entering a remote industrial park approximately a mile from the Hernandez home . Roughly three minutes after shots were heard by workers in the vicinity , the Hernandez Altima with no Lloyd in sight pulls into the Hernandez garage . A jury visit to the scene demonstrates the distance from the industrial park to the Hernandez home can be covered in three minutes . Three men exit the vehicle and the driver , Hernandez , pulls what prosecutors say is a gun from his waistband . The video is unclear , howls the defense ; it might be a cell phone . Lloyd 's body , riddled by .45 caliber bullets , is found in the industrial park . Prosecutors say they have more video showing Hernandez 's fiancée throwing out a trash bag under suspicious circumstances . They say she was ditching the murder weapon to help the father of her child . And for the coup de grace , the bubble gum reappears . A chewed piece of the gum is found in a rental car company trash container stuck to a .45 caliber shell casing consistent with the ammunition used to kill Lloyd . The defense asserts problems with how this evidence was recovered but the jury may believe that the gum and DNA link Hernandez to the murder weapon , which was not recovered . Prosecutors say DNA testing links the bubblegum bullet casing to Hernandez . Both the gum and casing were recovered by a rental car employee during a cleaning of the rental Nissan Altima allegedly used in the killing and then placed in the trash container . And by the way , the car had dirt on its tires and side panels consistent with the dirt in the industrial park . Under Massachusetts ' joint venture law , all those acting in concert to assist in a murder are guilty . No need to prove who was the triggerman -- or even a motive , which is conspicuously missing in the prosecution 's pile of evidence . Prosecutors promise even more evidence hinting that this is a slam dunk circumstantial case . But is any circumstantial murder case a "  slam dunk " case ? Here is what Massachusetts ' judges customarily tell the jury about circumstantial evidence at the end of a criminal case : "  You have direct evidence where a witness testifies directly about the fact that is to be proved , based on what he claims to have seen or heard or felt with his own senses , and the only question is whether you believe the witness . ... " In the case of circumstantial evidence , the jury is asked to draw "  reasonable inferences " from facts presented . The "  mailman analogy " is used in Massachusetts to demonstrate the concept : "  Your daughter might tell you one morning that she sees the mailman at your mailbox . That is direct evidence that the mailman has been to your house . On the other hand , she might tell you only that she sees mail in the mailbox . That is circumstantial evidence that the mailman has been there ; no one has seen him , but you can reasonably infer that he has been there since there is mail in the box . ... " New York and several other states use variations of the rain analogy , which goes as follows : "  Suppose ... the witness testified that it was clear as she walked to the subway , that she went into the subway and got on the train and that while she was on the train , she saw passengers come in at one station after another carrying wet umbrellas and wearing wet clothes and raincoats . That testimony constitutes direct evidence of what the witness observed . And because an inference that it was raining in the area would flow naturally , reasonably , and logically from that direct evidence , the witness ' testimony would constitute circumstantial evidence that it was raining in the area . " From New York model criminal jury instructions The judge , in a Massachusetts case , then will warn the jury to be careful : "  There are two things to keep in mind about circumstantial evidence : The first one is that you may draw inferences and conclusions only from facts that have been proved to you . The second rule is that any inferences or conclusions which you draw must be reasonable and natural , based on your common sense and experience of life . In a chain of circumstantial evidence , it is not required that every one of your inferences and conclusions be inevitable , but it is required that each of them be reasonable , that they all be consistent with one another , and that together they establish the defendant 's guilt beyond a reasonable doubt . If the Commonwealth 's case is based solely on circumstantial evidence , you may find the defendant guilty only if those circumstances are conclusive enough to leave you with a moral certainty , a clear and settled belief , that the defendant is guilty and that there is no other reasonable explanation of the facts as proven . The evidence must not only be consistent with the defendant 's guilt , it must be inconsistent with his  her  innocence . " It 's still early in the Hernandez trial , but with surveillance video , the evidence of dirt from the industrial park on the Hernandez car , the bullet-riddled body of Odin Lloyd , the alleged removal of the murder weapon from the Hernandez house in a trash bag by his already perjury-indicted fiancée , it appears that rain may be in the forecast when the trial concludes in the coming weeks . In the absence of some defense-produced sunshine , Hernandez may soon discover that the mailman also delivers to the MCI-Cedar Junction state prison at Walpole . Note : An earlier version of this article incorrectly described details of the bubble gum recovered at a rental car location and cited as evidence in the case .	Paul Callan : Prosecutors can often make compelling cases without direct evidence Surveillance video is key to the prosecution case against Aaron Hernandez , Callan says
Selma , Alabama  CNN  Crowds massed at a bridge in Selma , Alabama , Sunday to remember and reflect upon the sacrifices of another crowd that gathered at the same bridge half a century ago on a day that came to be known as "  Bloody Sunday . " Walkers marched across the Edmund Pettus Bridge in the afternoon to commemorate those freedom-marchers who were clubbed and tear-gassed by state troopers as they peacefully filed across on March 7 , 1965 . The crowd was massive . It was shoulder to shoulder near the bridge and several blocks away . There were so many people that walking is a bit misleading -- people just really moved inch by inch along the way . The protest decades ago against the denial of civil rights to Americans based solely on the color of their skin , and the television coverage of the bludgeoning dealt them , hastened the passage of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 . On Sunday at Selma 's Brown Chapel AME , a historically black church , leaders in the religious and political realm as well as community organizers gathered to hear speeches , sing hymns and remember what happened 50 years ago . U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder was in the audience . Rev. Jesse Jackson spoke , as did Rev. Al Sharpton . An important figure in the decades-long fight for civil rights , former Atlanta Mayor and U.N. Ambassador Andrew Young remembered the struggle in the 1960s but wanted everyone to keep pushing forward and thinking about achieving economic equality today . "  We 've got to focus on ourselves not as problems but as visionaries , " he said . "  We have come a long , long way , but I have enjoyed every bit of it , " Young remarked . Several people remarked at how much it meant that the day before , on Saturday , America 's first African-American President , Barack Obama , made a rousing speech on racial progress in a diverse country . He said that the struggle against discrimination continues today . Looking back , the "  Bloody Sunday " march was triggered when a law officer shot a black man dead the month before . But it was about more -- the right to vote for all Americans . About 600 people were going to march 50 miles to the state capital in Montgomery before they were forcibly stopped . Sunday 's festivities started with a breakfast and end late with a dance . A string of parades , receptions , reflections , films and discussions will fill the time in between . The commemoration marking 50 years since "  Bloody Sunday " continues on Monday . "  Our march is not yet finished . But we are getting closer , " Obama said Saturday , his words echoing into a crowd of thousands lined up in front of him . Obama emphasized that a day of commemoration is not enough to repay the debt paid by the marchers who were beaten 50 years ago as they demonstrated for voting rights . "  If Selma taught us anything , it 's that our work is never done , " the President said near Edmund Pettus Bridge . Read President Obama 's prepared remarks The President said that what civil rights marchers did years ago "  will reverberate through the ages . Not because the change they won was preordained ; not because their victory was complete ; but because they proved that nonviolent change is possible ; that love and hope can conquer hate . " He hailed the marchers as heroes . The President said that "  the Americans who crossed this bridge , they were not physically imposing , but they gave courage to millions . They held no elected office . But they led a nation . " The President called on Congress to restore the Voting Rights Act , first passed in 1965 . In 2013 , the U.S. Supreme Court overturned a key provision of the law that required certain states with a history of racial discrimination at the polls to "  pre-clear " any changes to the law with the federal government before implementing them . Efforts to revive key provisions of the act have stalled in Congress . 50 years later : Memories from ` Bloody Sunday ' nurse Many of the nation 's leaders , activists and celebrities were in Selma on Saturday attending various activities taking place in memory of the historic event . On Saturday , Rep. John Lewis -- one of the demonstrators bloodied by troopers 50 years ago -- and nearly 100 other members of Congress from both parties joined the President at the bridge in Selma -- a bridge that still bears the name of Pettus , a Confederate general who was also a Ku Klux Klan leader . "  We must use this moment to recommit ourselves to do all we can to finish this work . There 's still work to be done , " said Lewis , adding this is an opportunity to "  redeem the soul of America . " John Lewis 's memories of the march Reflecting a sense of change in the half century since "  Bloody Sunday , " and with Selma again in a national media spotlight , the mood in the crowd Saturday was of unity , and talks were focused on how to move America forward . But some current Selma residents worried that after the dignitaries leave their town -- with a population 82 % black and with more than 40 % of its people living below the national poverty level -- will fade from view except for its historical significance . Geraldine Martin , 59 , has lived in Selma all her life . She was 9 years old on "  Bloody Sunday " and with her mother had just welcomed a little sister , Belinda , to the world on that day . The two sisters grew up in Selma less than a decade apart . Opinion : Selma 's historic bridge deserves a better name Belinda left Selma after high school and now lives in Atlanta . Her view of Selma has changed over the years -- looking in from the outside . "  I do n't see how Selma will move forward without togetherness , " said Belinda . "  There is no diversity in Selma . People do n't live together . " CNN 's Moni Basu reported from Selma . CNN 's Slma Shelbayah wrote and reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Steve Almasy and Douglas Brinkley contributed to this report .	A large crowd walks the footsteps of those who marched 50 years ago They are crossing the Edmund Pettus Bridge , named for a former KKK leader President Obama called Saturday for renewal of Voting Rights Act
Vienna , Austria . 1990 . A man weeps by a grave . He lowers his head and murmurs a few quiet words . He sits awhile , glances intently at the writing on the headstone , he uses the palm of his hand to wipe away the dirt . His eyes glaze over with a look of hopelessness , almost pleading for something to happen . Nothing happens . The man rises , turns and leaves . That night he gets his answer -- the curse lives on . Despite being finalists on seven occasions in various major European finals -- in 1963 , 1965 , 1968 , 1983 , 1988 , 1990 and in 2013 -- each time Benfica have been unable to bury the famous curse . Bela Guttmann 's curse . A condemnation that even the prayers of his famous protege Eusebio could not lift that day in Vienna . "  Every year when Benfica plays in the Europe they try to get rid of the curse , " Portuguese journalist Jose Carlos Soares told CNN . "  Any time that Benfica play near Guttmann 's grave , somebody will take flowers . It has n't worked . " The way Benfica were beaten by Chelsea in Wednesday 's Europa League final in Amsterdam -- Branislav Ivanovic 's injury-time header securing the English side 's 2-1 win -- if you were fan of the Portuguese side you could have been forgiven for thinking some other powerful force was at work . Even in death , Guttmann is determined to have his own way -- much to the anguish of a club he left in anger after taking it to the peak of European football in the early 1960s . A charismatic and sometimes eccentric genius , Guttmann revolutionized football during a coaching career which spanned 25 jobs in 13 different countries before he passed away in 1981 , aged 82 . Holocaust Born into a Jewish family in Budapest in 1899 , Guttmann , like his parents , became a trained dance instructor before switching his focus to football . After becoming part of the MTK Hungaria side which won the league title in 1920 and 1921 , Guttmann left for Vienna following the rise of anti-Semitism under Miklos Horthy 's regime . It was here , among the Austrian intelligentsia , that he flourished , taking in the political and literary debates in Vienna 's coffee-house society . There he joined the exclusively Jewish football club Hakoah Wien , where he won the league title in 1925 as well as winning four caps for Hungary . After traveling on a tour to the U.S. with Hakoah , Guttmann decided to stay put in New York only to lose a considerable amount of money in the Wall Street crash . That forced the nomadic traveler to move on once again , first back to Vienna where he took on a coaching role with Hakoah before joining Dutch side SC Enschede . But Guttmann 's life , like those of so many other Jews , was turned on its head during the rise of Hitler in Europe and the Holocaust which killed six million people . "  Guttmann was hugely talented , " says leading football writer Jonathan Wilson , author of the book "  Outsider : A History of the Goalkeeper . " "  He was tactically very astute but also very awkward and difficult , " Wilson told CNN . "  He was very quick to take offense . "  The central theme with Guttmann is the war . We do n't know how he survived it , and the fact he skips over it in his book could mean one of two things . "  Did he feel guilty for surviving or did he compromise himself to stay alive ? "  Or , perhaps it was that the memories were just too painful to share and that the loss of so many of his loved ones meant he did n't speak about it . "  He was hugely successful but there was something tragic about him , which probably comes from that time . " Famine While family members , including a brother , perished in concentration camps , Guttmann escaped to Switzerland where he was held in internment . It was n't until the end of the war in 1945 that he returned to football , this time in Romania . It was here , in 1946 with club side Ciokanul , that he demanded to be paid in vegetables at a time when famine was a growing problem . While parsnips and carrots were gratefully received , Guttmann 's relationship with the board was never a particularly healthy one . When a club director began to interfere in team selection , Guttmann finally lost patience . His fiery temper and attitude of "  my way or the highway " earned him plenty of attention , especially from the media . Following spells with Padova and Triestina in Italy , Boca Juniors and Quilmes in Argentina and Apoel Nicosia in Cyprus , Guttmann hit the big time with AC Milan in 1953 . His team led the Serie A table after 19 games in his second season , only for another run-in with the board to curtail his tenure . "  I have been sacked , even though I am neither a criminal nor a homosexual , " he told a shocked press conference . "  Goodbye . " Nomadic career Years later , on his first day as the manager of Benfica , he fired 20 players before leading the club to the Portuguese title . "  He was an incredible man , " Wilson said . "  Did he become a parody of himself ? Did he do those kind of things because people expected it ? "  I do n't know . But it was clear that he never wanted to stay in one place for long , he was always moving . "  That could have been because of the war , but also because he was looking for the next pay check . " It was in Portugal , after a successful spell in South America , that Guttmann really secured his legacy , securing back-to-back European Cups with Benfica in 1961 and 1962 . It was the first time that any club other than Real Madrid had won the competition . During his time in Brazil with Sao Paulo between 1957 and 1958 , where he won the league title before moving to Porto , Guttmann introduced the 4-2-4 system which Brazil used at the 1958 World Cup . Inspiration It was a system that laid the groundwork for the great Brazil sides to establish themselves as masters of the beautiful game . Guttmann had taken some inspiration from the great Gustav Sebes , the man who coached the "  Magnificent Magyars " in the 1950s . Under Sebes , also of Jewish descent , Hungary became the first nation to defeat England on its home soil , winning 6-3 in 1953 before reaching the World Cup final the following year . From 1950 until the Hungarian Revolution in 1956 , the national team won 42 games , drew seven and lost just once -- in the World Cup final against West Germany . Sebes preferred a 3-2-1-4 formation which allowed Ferenc Puskas , the great Hungarian striker , to thrive alongside the precociously talented Nandor Hidekuti . That slowly changed to the 4-2-4 formation which would inspire Benfica to European and domestic glory . "  I never minded if the opposition scored , because I always thought we could score another , " Guttmann once said . His thirst for innovation and his psychology degree , which he earned in his younger days , helped him become a leading figure in man-management and a master tactician . At Benfica , it was the arrival of Eusebio which allowed Guttmann to play Mario Coluna in a deeper position and unleash one of the most attacking teams of the era . Benfica defeated Barcelona 3-2 in Berne in the 1961 European Cup final before coming from behind to beat then five-time winners Real Madrid 5-3 the following year . But where there was triumph , disaster was never far away . "  From the moment he arrived in Portugal , Bela Guttman 's relationship with Benfica was destined to be complex , " says Portuguese football expert Ben Shave . "  After the second European Cup victory , Guttman approached the recently-elected president Antonio Carlos Cabral Fezas Vital with what seemed an eminently reasonable request -- a pay rise . "  Vital chose to turn Guttman down , whereupon the Hungarian departed with what has become a well-worn parting shot : a simple declaration that Benfica would not win another European Cup . "  Guttman 's curse has proved painfully prophetic -- the Aguias have lost five European Cup finals in 1963 , 1965 , 1968 , 1988 , 1990 , the 1983 Uefa Cup final and now the Europa League final . " Mourinho comparison Remembered for his uncompromising attitude , his innovation on the field and his nomadic existence , Guttmann 's story gained further resonance following the emergence of Portuguese coach Jose Mourinho , a European champion with Porto in 2004 and Inter Milan in 2010 after beginning his career with a brief spell at Benfica . "  Guttman 's prickly personality and relentless pursuit of success have led to comparisons with Mourinho in some quarters , " Shave told CNN . "  What is certainly true is that both left Benfica in unfortunate fashion , and both departures became matters of considerable regret for the club . "  The results of Guttman 's ` curse ' have been well documented , whilst presidential candidate Manuel Vilarinho 's stated wish to replace Mourinho with club legend Toni following the 2000 elections led to ` the Special One ' taking his talents elsewhere . "  In a similar scenario to that which led to Guttman 's tenure coming to an end , Mourinho approached Vilarinho with a contract extension request shortly after his election  and a 3-0 win over Sporting  , which was denied . "  Vilarinho 's opponents have dined out on that mistake since . " As for the Benfica 's players the task of finally closing the book on Guttmann 's curse continues .	Bela Guttmann was a Hungarian Jew who survived the Holocaust He led Portuguese soccer team Benfica to European Cup glory in 1961 and 1962 After leaving Benfica , he left a "  curse " that the club would never win it again Guttmann coached in 13 different countries , before dying at the age of 82 in 1981
CNN  -- There 's hate . Then there 's trying to heap shame on your foe . On the eve of this weekend 's bevy of college football rivalry games , fans of the Alabama Crimson Tide gleefully registered their contempt for the Auburn Tigers at #ThingsILikeMoreThanAuburn . Like getting a root canal without a painkiller . Or standing on a fire ant mound while barefoot . The Auburn faithful , who are hosting this year 's Iron Bowl and have their own national championship dreams , had their say at #BamaHateWeek on Twitter : "  What has 2 teeth and is 100 yards long ? The front row at a Alabama home game . " Such is the stuff of rivalries , many of which go back to the closing decades of the 19th century . The 7-4 Michigan Wolverines and the undefeated Ohio State Buckeyes , which first clashed in 1897 , will meet up again Saturday . On Friday , Ohio Gov. John Kasich issued a "  Scarlet Letter Saturday " resolution , trying to bring shame to his state 's neighbor to the north . He encouraged all Ohioans to refrain from using the letter "  M. " The letter was scratched over throughout the declaration . Reaction on the Twittersphere was i  m   m  ediate , if not entirely supportive . "  Does that mean the  ir  head coach is Urban Eyer ? , " asked Patontheback17 , referring to the Buckeyes ' head coach . "  So stupid . " Among the other rivalries playing out Saturday are Florida-Florida State , Arizona-Arizona State , USC-UCLA and Clemson-South Carolina . The Oregon Ducks edged the Oregon State Beavers 36-35 on Friday night in their series dubbed the "  Civil War . " The Georgia Bulldogs travel to Atlanta to play Georgia Tech in the rivalry dubbed "  Clean , Old-Fashioned Hate . " Georgia Tech alum Jessica Keesee says the home tailgating experience for Yellow Jackets fans is more upscale outdoor luncheon than gigantic parking-lot party . Pennants , a tent , Georgia Tech logo camping chairs , a grill , tables covered with tablecloths and a classy spread of food are the staples of Keesee 's tailgate . Taking tailgating beyond BBQ and beer She could n't hold back a dig at her school 's rival , the University of Georgia . "  I would expect a trashy tailgate at a UGA game , " she said . Bulldog fans talked trash of their own . "  Who has a yellow jacket as a mascot ? Like what 's up with that ? " read one tweet on #WeRunThisState . Another Georgia fan wrote : "  My dad 's response on why we are n't going to the game tomorrow -- ' I do n't want nerd to rub off on me . " ' Of course , pranks can make for great stories passed on over the years . In 1958 , UCLA students tried to drop 500 pounds of manure on USC statue Tommy Trojan and students protecting him . The pigskin highjinks backfired when the helicopter rotor blades sucked much of the "  drop " back toward the perpetrators . That sure stunk . CNN 's Ann Hoevel contributed to this report .	This is the big weekend for classic college rivalries Ohio governor tries to bring scorn on Michigan Wolverines One game in Georgia is dubbed "  Clean , Old-Fashioned Hate "
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- In the suburbs of Afghanistan 's capital on the third floor of a modest apartment building live newlyweds Mushtaq and Haleema Changezi . They tied the knot in a traditional ceremony just four months ago , yet their families are wondering why they have n't started a family . "  This is supposed to be a new chapter in our lives -- we should be excited , " explained 27-year-old Haleema . "  But there is no future for us here in Afghanistan , so how can we possibly start a family ? " Haleema has a double masters degree in economics and accounting . She has applied for dozens of jobs in Kabul but ca n't get one interview . Her 30-year-old husband works for a production house in multimedia design -- his salary is just enough to support them . They are both Hazaras -- Persian-speaking ethnic Afghans who over the years have been persecuted and discriminated against . Escaping dangers of home The couple feels this is still the case and the reason why so many Hazaras have left their homeland for foreign shores . "  In our country there are NATO forces , the aid of foreign countries and yet we do n't feel we have a life or a future . What 's going to happen when the foreign forces leave in 2014 ? There is no future for us in Afghanistan , " she said . This is a familiar story , not just among the Hazara community but also across the Afghan community in general -- many are fearful of what will happen to their country once coalition forces leave in two years time . Australian vote keeps question mark over asylum seekers Despite assurances from ISAF -- the International Security Assistance Force -- that includes U.S. and NATO forces , there has been an increase in violence across the country . Analysts say the Taliban are no longer based only in their Helmand province heartland in the country 's south and along the eastern border with Pakistan . They are now spread out across all 34 provinces using suicide attacks and IEDs -- Improvised Explosive Devices -- to target coalition and Afghan forces , as well as innocent Afghan civilians . Which countries take in most refugees ? This resurgence has frightened many Afghanis , including Haji Ali Mohammad . He decided to send his two sons and nephew to Australia to escape the war-ravaged nation . "  They were going to Australia for work , to make a better life , a good and peaceful life , away from the Taliban . Our life is dangerous here -- we do n't feel secure , " he said . His sons , 19-year-old Akbar and 22-year-old Javid , joined their cousin , 20-year-old Hashim , on their 11,000-kilometer journey . Organized by people smugglers they flew to Dubai and then to Thailand where they picked up visas . From there , they caught a plane to Malaysia where the trio traveled by boat to Indonesia . The three eventually boarded a leaky wooden fishing vessel bound for Australia 's Christmas Island . "  The last time I spoke to them , they said we 're leaving tonight . The next time we call you we 'll be in our new home -- Australia , " said Mohammad . A few days later , he received a call . On the phone was another passenger from the fishing vessel . He said within a few hours of leaving shore the boat began to sink . Of the 18 men on board , only 10 survived . Among the dead were Mohammad 's sons and nephew . "  The people who survived , held onto broken pieces of ship until the rescue boats arrived . My boys knew how to swim but not in that much water for hours on end , " Mohammad said . The father of 11 children then broke down in tears . "  A bright day turned into a dark night . The anniversary of their deaths is approaching . I miss them constantly . " Thousands of Afghan asylum seekers attempt the long and treacherous journey to Australia every year . Frustrated with waiting for political asylum though the official channels , they pay smugglers up to US$ 20,000 per person -- and there 's no guarantee , just the promise of a brighter future . For Mushtaq and Haleema Changazi they are trying the legal route and for good reason . Haleema 's 28-year-old brother , Ishaq , set off earlier this year because he did n't want to wait any longer . "  The last time we spoke he was on the boat in Jakarta and he was saying that maybe in two to three hours , there would be no signal and this was his last call , " she said . "  After that there was no news from him and we have n't heard from him for the last 3 months . " With tears rolling down her face , Haleema says while her family pray they will hear from him soon , she knows there 's little hope . "  I hear the reports about the boats sinking . I know what 's happening . I know they 're all prepared to die for a better life in Australia -- including my brother . "	Mushtaq and Haleema Changezi are seeking to escape persecution in Afghanistan Many ordinary Afghans fear for the future of their country and the Taliban influence Thousands risk their lives making the hazardous journey to countries such as Australia Many pay smugglers up to US$ 20,000 per person to help them make the journey
London  CNN  -- Singer Charlotte Church on Monday blasted the News of the World tabloid for its decision to publish a lurid story about her father having an affair while her mother was getting treatment for mental illness . "  They knew how vulnerable she was and still printed a story like that , which is just horrific , " she said . The former child star also spoke of her anger at finding out her phone may have been hacked by a private investigator working for the Rupert Murdoch tabloid . The investigator , Glenn Mulcaire , had details of her phone and those of her parents , friends and former boyfriends , Church said police had told her . She was testifying before a wide-ranging British government-backed inquiry into press ethics and practices in the country . Sparked by the revelation that News of the World tabloid hacked into the voice mail of a murdered 13-year-old girl in search of stories , the Leveson Inquiry has been hearing from high-profile figures for more than a week . Church described how upset she was at the leak of the news of her daughter 's birth , the rifts it caused with her family and friends when she accused them of revealing the details , and her later guilt at realizing the source was probably hacking , not leaks from those close to her . And she said falsehoods published in the press were particularly damaging because readers believe there are rules to prevent that from happening , "  So if they see it in print , it must be true -- and that 's not the case . " Former Tony Blair spokesman Alastair Campbell is due to testify later this week , but a written copy of his opening statement appears to have leaked online . Paul Staines , who blogs as Guido Fawkes , posted what he said was a copy of Campbell 's testimony in which he speculates about the possibility that the Daily Mirror found out though phone hacking that Tony Blair 's wife was pregnant . "  I think it is at least possible that this is how the stories got out , " Campbell says in the statement published by Staines . Campbell said on Twitter Sunday he was "  genuinely shocked someone has seen fit to leak my statement to Leveson . " The Daily Mirror is not a Murdoch paper . Piers Morgan was editor of the paper at the time of Cherie Blair 's pregnancy , and he now hosts the show "  Piers Morgan Tonight " on CNN . Morgan , who has vigorously denied ordering phone hacking , is due to testify before the Leveson Inquiry at a later date yet to be determined . Celebrities who have already testified before the inquiry include "  Harry Potter " author J.K. Rowling and "  G.I. Joe " actress Sienna Miller , who both complained of being hounded by paparazzi . Actor Hugh Grant also appeared before the panel , and he implied that police leaked information to the tabloid press . He also accused the Mail on Sunday of hacking . Police investigating phone hacking by journalists say that about 5,800 people , including celebrities , crime victims , politicians and members of the royal family , were targets of the practice by journalists in search of stories . It involves illegally eavesdropping on voice mail by entering a PIN to access messages remotely .	NEW : People believe rules prevent falsehoods from being printed , Charlotte Church says Charlotte Church says a private investigator had her phone details Former Tony Blair spokesman Alastair Campbell is due to testify later this week Police say 5,800 people were targets of journalists looking for stories
CNN  -- Always outspoken . Always challenging the system . Always a champion for freedom . Anderson Cooper 's conversation with singer , actress and activist Madonna about her "  Art for Freedom " movement yielded not only a sense of the passion she has for it , but also revealed a few things about the woman who has both scandalized and intrigued the world with her refusal to be anyone other than herself . Here are five things we learned from Madonna : 1  This project is the most important thing she 's done besides raising her kids By providing people a vehicle in which to express their thoughts on freedom by sharing their photographs , videos , music or other media , Madonna feels an incredible sense of responsibility . And just as she does not take her role as a mother to her four children lightly , she also feels an incredible sense of responsibility for "  Art for Freedom . " "  This is a situation where I have put in I do n't know how many man hours , " she said . "  I 've poured my own money into it . Steven Klein -LSB- the photographer who is working jointly with her on it -RSB- has done the same . We 've done it for no financial gain ,  and  also not to promote any product in particular . The only reason we 're doing this is because we want to shed light on subjects that need to have light shed on  them  . " 2  She worries about humanity One of Madonna 's main concerns , she said , is "  that the world we are living in is collapsing to a certain extent , and that civilization as we know it is caving in on itself . " "  I think 95 % of that reason is that we are at a very low level of consciousness , and we do not know how to treat each other as human beings , " she said . 3  You are proving her point right now The singer has such a strong belief in the transformational power of creativity and art that she wants others to be able to have that voice . So those wishing to participate need only to click on the "  Art for Freedom " website because , as Madonna points out , the Internet is how the world now communicates . "  That 's how we reach one another , " she said . "  We watch things on Youtube , we listen to music on iTunes , and we connect to feelings , we connect to situations . We are inspired to change , we gain strength , we are horrified ... This is how people are reached through art , through creativity . " 4  Madonna doubts that some of the great artists would be able to make it in these times It goes without saying that the music icon is squarely against censorship and political correctness . After all , this is a woman who was slammed by the Vatican in 1989 for her "  Like a Prayer " music video with its imagery of the stigmata and burning crosses as well as her nude coffee table art book titled "  Sex . " But today 's artist must contend with issues such as being perceived as "  brands " and being judged for their personal lives - all of which she feels would probably have hampered the creativity of some of the legends like John Lennon and others . " -LSB- The late R&B singer -RSB- Marvin Gaye was an incredible artist , " Madonna said . "  But his personal life was pretty in question if you really put him under a microscope . I 'm not sure how far he would get in this day and age . " 5  She has very personal reasons for rallying for freedom and the disenfranchised Madonna has been a vocal advocate for gay rights , used her celebrity to bring attention to the issue of poverty in the African nation of Malawi through the charity Raising Malawi and paid tribute to Malala Yousufzai , a Pakistani girl shot and critically wounded by the Taliban because of her advocacy for girls ' education . She said she feels so strongly about fighting against oppression and conformity because she 's been there . "  I 'm not saying this to feel sorry for myself , but I was n't very popular , " Madonna said . "  It 's just in my nature that I wanted to challenge the system . " Watch Anderson Cooper 360 ° weeknights 8pm ET . For the latest from AC360 ° click here .	Madonna says her new project is one of the biggest things she 's ever done Her "  Art for Freedom " project is inviting the world to share their thoughts on the concept The singer has very personal reasons for reaching out
CNN  -- After a year of 10-to-14 hour workdays , the use of seven recording studios and just under $ 1 million in production costs , Fleetwood Mac 's "  Rumours " was released in 1977 -- and it has n't fallen out of rotation since . The classic disc was the No. 1 album on the charts for 31 weeks , with Rolling Stone naming "  Rumours " the 25th greatest album of all time . It is the 10th best-selling album ever with more than 40 million copies sold to date , and it features four top 10 singles . It won the 1977 best album Grammy and , 35 years later , remains the band 's most successful effort . Ken Caillat , author of the new book , "  Making Rumours : The Inside Story of the Classic Fleetwood Mac Album , " was the iconic album 's engineer/co-producer .  He 's also the father of Grammy-winning singer Colbie Caillat and produced her No. 1 album , "  Breakthrough . " "  Rumours , " Caillat said , is the "  perfect album because it had this really great combination of lyrics and ... well-thought-out musical components , " he told CNN . "  It 's the perfect ride for the perfect time . " But Fleetwood Mac 's story began in another decade on another continent . And as fate would have it , the only two members who were with the group from the start are its namesakes : Mick Fleetwood and John McVie . Fleetwood Mac was originally a blues-format group formed in England in 1967 by Fleetwood , McVie , Peter Green and Jeremy Spencer . In 1970 , Green left the group and McVie 's wife , keyboardist/vocalist Christine McVie , joined . Spencer left that same year , and the late guitarist Bob Welch joined . The group relocated to California in 1974 . Welch , who took his own life earlier this month , resigned in December 1974 and was replaced by guitarist/vocalist Lindsey Buckingham and vocalist Stevie Nicks . By the time Buckingham and Nicks joined , Fleetwood Mac had put out 10 albums but had yet to have a big hit in the U.S. . In the book , Caillat described "  Rumours , " Fleetwood Mac 's second album with Nicks and Buckingham , as "  a journey that a handful of people ... took during the mid-1970s . " It was "  made out of flaws in the human spirit , sometimes through agonizing determination , love , lust , and a force of will that made failure unthinkable . " Recording began on "  Rumours " on January 28 , 1976 , at the Record Plant in Sausalito , California . Twelve days earlier , Caillat had never even heard of the band , but that would soon change because 1975 's eponymous "  Fleetwood Mac " album  "  Rhiannon , " "  Say You Love Me "  was beginning to climb the charts . "  What 's ironic is that throughout the ` Rumours ' journey , Fleetwood Mac went from one end of the fame spectrum to the other , " Caillat noted . "  That day in Sausalito , when we walked into the studio to start recording , they were an established band , but you could hardly say they were rock stars . Before we even released ` Rumours , ' that had changed dramatically . " Although Nicks arguably became the best-known member of Fleetwood Mac , when they first started recording "  Rumours , " many involved with the project thought she was the band 's weakest link , Caillat said . "  She was somewhat of a sweet hippie chick , and she did n't have a lot of technical knowledge about music and instrumentation , " he said . "  Ultimately , her ethereal songwriting and vocals added a dimension ... that was every bit as essential as any other band member 's contributions . "  Incidentally , Nicks wrote the band 's only No. 1 hit , "  Dreams . " Caillat described Buckingham , who often clashed with band mates , as "  extraordinarily talented " as well as "  unpredictable , " "  brilliant but difficult . " However , Caillat said , "  with Lindsey 's contribution ... everyone in the world who 'd ever heard a song on the radio would eventually know who Fleetwood Mac was by the time ` Rumours ' had run its course . " In the book , Caillat described the unique way in which Buckingham taught himself guitar . He uses his fingernails instead of a pick , which is quite common , except instead of plucking strings upward individually , he can play more than one string at a time by stroking down -- and up -- with the backs of his nails , which allows him to play several notes at once . Buckingham honed this skill years before joining Fleetwood Mac when he was bedridden with mononucleosis for six months . At the time they were recording the album , all five band mates were going through painful breakups : The McVies were divorcing , Buckingham and Nicks ' long-term relationship was coming to a bitter end and Fleetwood 's wife was about to leave him for his best friend . It 's all personal drama that Caillat chronicles in his book . "  In retrospect , it 's a miracle that we were able to finish ` Rumours , ' " he said . "  But later , I came to understand that ` Rumours ' probably succeeded because it was brilliant group therapy . ... It 's horrible that if it had n't been for all of the relationship turmoil in the band , you would n't know this record any better than some of the previous Fleetwood Mac records . " Sadness was contagious in the studio , which Caillat said was besieged with arguments , drugs and alcohol . During the summer of ' 76 , the band took a break from recording "  Rumours " to go on tour to promote their "  Fleetwood Mac " album . It was the first time Buckingham and Nicks had played in front of a very large crowd , and the concert tour propelled the band to superstardom . Even though "  Fleetwood Mac " was released in July of 1975 , it finally hit No. 1 in September of 1976 . As soon as the album began to lose momentum , the record label wanted the band to have the first single off "  Rumours " -- "  Go Your Own Way " -- ready to go . Caillat recalled that it was John McVie who came up with the album 's title . "  John told us about a brainstorm he had recently had , " he said . "  With all the rumors flying around about this album , why do n't we call the album ` Rumours ' ? But let 's spell it the English way . " Another major step involved in creating what would become an iconic album was selecting song sequence , which was "  crucial because it can make or break the album 's success . " The idea was to make it compelling and tell a story through music . "  Back then , " Caillat said , "  running orders were important ; and because it was vinyl , you 'd put the needle down and listen to side one all the way through to side two , and it was just like going to Six Flags -- you 'd get lifted up on a high song and it 'd slow down a bit ; again , perfect ! And I can only take a little bit of credit for that , but I was really proud to be a part of that . " Caillat told CNN that he believes "  Rumours " still resonates to this day "  because it 's great music . It happened to be created out of a lot of pain and suffering and sincerity and it just so happens that every song is great , every lyric is great , and every song has something that seems to appeal to someone -- except me . " That 's right -- Caillat can no longer bear to listen to "  Rumours . " "  I see all the little pieces and I can visualize the arguments and I see the assembly of it all , " he said . "  I can see behind the curtain , so to speak . " However , part of the reason Caillat knew that the story of "  Rumours " needed to be told was because "  we experienced something extraordinary , something bigger than all of us . " In search of the perfect album : Readers weigh in	Fleetwood Mac 's "  Rumours " is one of the highest-selling albums of all time When recording began , Fleetwood Mac had yet to have a hit in the U.S. Album included songs such as "  Do n't Stop , " "  Go Your Own Way " and "  Gold Dust Woman " Members of Fleetwood Mac were all undergoing painful breakups during recording
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistan understands the need to move "  urgently and transparently " against extremists on its soil after last week 's terrorist attacks in India , U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice said after meetings with Pakistani leaders . Condoleezza Rice meets Pakistani Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani to discuss the Mumbai attacks . "  I found a Pakistani government that 's focused on the threat and understands its responsibility to respond to terrorism and extremism wherever it is found , " Rice told reporters Thursday after sessions with the country 's president and prime minister . After the talks , Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari pledged to assist in the investigation and move against "  any Pakistani elements found involved in the attack , " his office said . Rice landed in Islamabad in an effort to ease tensions between India and Pakistan following the terrorist attacks in India 's financial capital Mumbai . Indian authorities have said the gunmen who killed nearly 180 people came from Pakistan , but Pakistan has blamed "  non-state actors " for the attacks . Rice said the discussions focused on the attacks and what she called Pakistan 's obligation "  to deal with those who may use Pakistani territory , even if they are non-state actors . " "  There does need to be action , " she said . "  There needs to be action urgently and transparently . And it 's a message that has been well-received in Pakistan , because it 's Pakistan 's fight as well . " Pakistan is a U.S. ally in the battle against the Taliban and al Qaeda in Afghanistan -- a conflict that has spread into northwestern Pakistan . Rice 's visit to Islamabad came a day after Adm. Mike Mullen , the chairman of the U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff , met with Zardari and top military and intelligence officials in Islamabad . India has said a Pakistan-based Islamic militant group with ties to al Qaeda helped plot the Mumbai attacks and says the sole surviving attacker is a Pakistani national . The group , Lashkar-e-Tayyiba , is the same one New Delhi accused of carrying out a 2001 attack on its parliament that brought the South Asian nuclear powers to the brink of war . Watch claims attackers came from Pakistan " India has demanded Pakistan hand over a group of wanted terrorist suspects . Its foreign minister , Pranab Mukherjee , warned that India will consider all options "  to protect its territorial integrity " if Pakistan refuses . "  So far as the government of India is concerned , what action will be taken by government will depend on the response we have from Pakistan authorities , " Mukherjee said . Rice met with Mukherjee on Wednesday . While she said Pakistan needs to cooperate with the investigation into the Mumbai massacre , she warned India that "  any response needs to be judged by its effectiveness in prevention , and also by not creating other unintended consequences or difficulties . " U.S. Joint Chiefs Chairman Adm. Mike Mullen warned Thursday of the "  increasingly sophisticated threat of militant extremism in South Asia , " and urged India and Pakistan to collaborate against a common enemy . America 's top military officer is in New Delhi , for talks with senior Indian civilian and military leaders . According to a statement issued by Mullen 's Pentagon office , the admiral thanked Indian officials "  for their restraint and their desire to cooperate with Pakistani officials " and repeated an offer by U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice to help in the investigation of the Mumbai attacks which killed 179 people . In India , Mullen met with National Security Advisor M. K. Narayanan , Defense Minister A. K. Antony , and Naval Chief Adm. Sureesh Mehta .	Condoleezza Rice : Pakistan knows it has to act urgently U.S. secretary of state seeks to ease India-Pakistan tensions India has said attackers who killed scores in Mumbai came from Pakistan India says it will consider all options "  to protect its territorial integrity "
CNN  It 's one of the biggest sporting events on the planet and in a growing market for new fans , football 's global governing body has cut a media rights deal for the 2026 World Cup over a decade ahead of the tournament . FIFA extended its North American media rights agreements -- handing Fox the English language deal and NBCUniversal 's Telemundo the Spanish language rights -- for an event in which the 2026 host nation has still to be determined . "  These agreements guarantee wide distribution for FIFA tournaments across the U.S. and Canada , " said FIFA Director of TV Niclas Ericson in a statement . "  Together , we will be able to further promote football in North America and build on the impressive interest shown by audiences in these major territories during the 2014 FIFA World Cup . " Just days after the English Premier League sold domestic television rights for over $ 8 billion for the three seasons from 2016 , FIFA declined to detail what the latest North American deal was worth . Football 's world governing body also refused to comment when asked if it had received sealed bids from rival broadcasters . Neither ESPN nor NBC responded to a CNN email asking if they had bid for the English language rights . That raises the question as to whether Fox , which already had agreements in place for the 2018 and 2022 editions following a $ 425 million deal signed in 2011 , won the latest contract without any competition . The U.S. broadcaster has been outspoken over FIFA 's plans to move the 2022 World Cup to the Qatari winter because of fears over the intense heat during the Gulf state 's summer months . While a working party is expected to recommend suitable dates for the 2022 tournament on February 23 , a switch to winter would play havoc with the U.S. sporting schedule . "  You go into buying a World Cup and you believe it 's going to be in the same time frame it 's always been , " Fox Sports President Eric Shanks said last year . "  Clearly in America there 's much more competition for ratings points . " A move to winter would be bad news for Fox given it could clash with the NFL playoffs and potentially the 2022 Winter Olympics . Some media commentators have suggested Fox was awarded the latest deal on the proviso that it will not make a complaint when the 2022 tournament is shifted to the Qatari winter . Potentially the 2026 tournament could be held in North America given it will be 32 years since the World Cup was last held there . Yet the question remains why would n't FIFA want to benefit from a bidding war between Fox , ESPN and NBC and why sell the rights so early ? "  FIFA aims to distribute the highest quality coverage of its international tournaments to as wide an audience as possible , " said FIFA in a statement to CNN . "  FIFA constantly reviews and monitors global market conditions for sports media rights in order to make the best decision for each market . "  The agreement extensions announced on Thursday were the result of a detailed assessment of the market and discussions with the relevant broadcasters . " NBC , which retained Spanish-language rights through Telemundo , refused to comment on whether it had been invited to bid for the English version " We were offered the opportunity to extend our Spanish-language rights for another cycle ... and we were happy to be able to complete the transaction , " NBC Sports said in a statement . The 2014 World Cup final between Argentina and Germany was watched by an estimated 26.5 million in the U.S. which was up 7 % on the 2010 figures . "  These events are some of the world 's most important sports competitions , and it is our privilege to be entrusted with these rights in the United States , " Fox said in a statement .	Fox Sports wins rights to broadcast 2026 World Cup in USA FIFA refuses to comment that Fox faced no competition Fox previously against moving 2022 World Cup to Qatari winter World governing body refuses to disclose fee received
It was a boat owner 's obsession with perfection , making sure his "  baby " was stowed just right in his backyard , that led him to discover the surviving suspect in the Boston Marathon bombings . Contrary to police reports , David Henneberry said the discovery of blood had nothing to do with the inspection of his boat , the Slip Away II , he told CNN affiliate WCVB . During the inspection , he found a bloodied Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , 19 , hiding in the boat , he said . Henneberry said he had been obsessing over how two pads had fallen out of the shrink-wrap protecting his boat for the winter . He had put the pads under the shrink-wrap to prevent chafing , he told the station . It took two visits tending to the boat before he finally saw Tsarnaev and his trail of blood . "  It was really windy , so I did n't think twice about it , " he said of the dislodged pads . Neighbor photographs shootout with police He could n't address the problem until authorities lifted a "  shelter-in-place " order for residents of Watertown , Massachusetts , about 6 p.m. Friday . Then he went outside to get some air , he told the affiliate . "  I am just going to put the pads back . They were bugging me all day . So I went out in the yard and felt the freedom that everyone in Watertown was feeling . When I pulled the strap , it was a lot looser than it usually is . But again , the wind could have loosened things up , " he said . At this point , he did n't see blood on the exterior tarp , despite what police have said . "  No indication of anything . I know people say I saw blood on the boat , ` He saw blood on the boat . ' Not true , " he said . 5 key questions in Boston bombing "  I said ` OK , everything is fine . ' There are no visible signs of blood outside the boat . I went inside , " he said . But in a fit of obsession , he returned to the boat , climbed a ladder and inspected the Slip Away II again . "  I got three steps up the ladder and rolled the shrink-wrap . I did n't expect to see anything , but I saw blood on the floor of the boat . A good amount of blood , " he told the affiliate . "  And I said ` Wow , did I cut myself last time ? ' I thought . I was in the boat a couple of weeks ago . Then I just look over there , and there is more blood , " he continued . A look at Tamerlan Tsarnaev 's past The blood led to a revelation that would end a two-day manhunt for Tsarnaev . "  And I looked back and forth a couple of times and my eyes went to the engine block and there was a body , " he told the station . He did n't immediately connect the body to Tsarnaev . "  I think maybe  I knew  , but I did n't want to think that . It 's fast , " he said . He recounted how the person was hidden . "  I see him lying there just like you see on the film  from the State Police helicopter 's infrared camera  . He was just lying there by the engine block and the floor . I could n't see his face . I 'm glad I did n't see his face . I did n't see his face . He did n't move , " he told WCVB . Responding quickly , Henneberry did n't even remember climbing down the ladder and running to the phone to dial 911 . FBI takes heat over Boston bombing suspect "  I did n't waste any time . I did n't ask him if he wanted a cup of coffee . I was off that ladder . That is all I remember , " he told the affiliate . Police later escorted Henneberry and his wife to a neighbor 's home . Police then surrounded the Henneberry 's house . Tsarnaev eventually surrendered . "  I am lucky I am alive , " Henneberry said . "  These other people were killed . Sometimes , I just sit and say , ` Wow . ' " Many on social media want to buy him another boat . But Henneberry wants nothing of it . He calls himself an "  incidental hero . " "  It makes me feel wonderful that people that are thinking like that , but it is my boat . People lost lives and lost limbs . I 'd rather that  the money  go to the One Fund Boston . To buy me a new boat is a wonderful thing , I do n't want that , really . I would wish that they donate it to the One Fund Boston . They lost limbs . I lost a boat , " he told the affiliate . "  Slip Away is slipping away . But I say it did its job . It held a bad guy and is going away like a viking ship . "	David Henneberry was obsessed with how his boat was stowed in the backyard He noticed how protective pads fell to the ground Contrary to police accounts , it was n't blood that tipped him off to something amiss When he re-inspected his boat , he eventually found the suspect and his trail of blood
CNN  -- Texas Gov. Rick Perry 's suggestion that the United States may send troops to fight Mexican drug cartels riled officials and spurred debate from analysts on both sides of the border Monday . Mexico 's top representative in the United States rejected the idea , which the Republican presidential candidate mentioned at a New Hampshire campaign stop Saturday . Mexican Ambassador Arturo Sarukhan told reporters his country 's longstanding opposition to the presence of American forces had not changed . "  The matter of the participation or presence of U.S. troops on Mexican soil is not on the table , " Sarukhan said Monday . "  It is not a component that forms part of the innovative approaches that Mexico and the United States have been using to confront transnational organized crime . " Perry said Saturday that leaders from Mexico and the United States should meet after next year 's elections to address the deadly drug trade . "  It may require our military in Mexico working in concert with them to kill these drug cartels and to keep them off of our border , " he said . Analysts in the United States and Mexico said the controversial idea could have significant political consequences and security implications -- even as a political campaign proposal . "  It may be well-intentioned , but it has the potential of really undermining cooperation between the U.S. and Mexico , " said Eric L. Olson , who studies security relationships between the neighboring countries at the Mexico Institute of the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars in Washington . The United States admits its drug market plays a role in fueling violence in Mexico , and has pledged $ 1.4 billion in assistance through the so-called Merida Initiative , which includes programs to help train Mexican military , police and justice officials . "  If there 's a perception in Mexico that this is all designed somehow as a backdoor entry into Mexico by the U.S. , if there 's a perception that this is leading to the United States ' direct intervention into Mexico , it puts at risk all those cooperative efforts , " Olson said . George W. Grayson -- author of "  Mexico : Narco-Violence and a Failed State ? " -- described Perry 's proposal as "  absolute , unadulterated nonsense . " "  The first thing you 'd have to fight is the Mexican Army if you sent troops in there . It 's ludicrous , " he said . Even if they do n't gain traction , Perry 's comments will likely resonate in campaign rhetoric beyond the United States ' borders , as presidential campaigns in Mexico are also kicking into high gear , Grayson said . "  Typically this is a time of nationalism and breast-beating by candidates . ... The politicians are the ones who are going to walk all over it . They 're going to say , ` See , the gringos are coming after us , ' " he said . Several Mexican lawmakers -- who the country 's constitution says would need to approve any presence of U.S. soldiers -- expressed concern about Perry 's comments Monday . Institutional Revolutionary Party Sen. Maria de los Angeles Moreno said U.S. troops in Mexico would be a clear "  aggression . " "  We must make an effort to face our own challenge , the violence of the criminals and the organized crime groups , but with our own forces and always maintaining the control of our territory , " said Sen. Carlos Navarrete of the left-wing Democratic Revolution Party . But security analyst Pablo Monzalvo said when it comes to U.S. involvement , some Mexican officials are prone to double speak -- allowing U.S.-led measures to occur even as they speak out against them . Earlier this year Mexico 's foreign minister fielded questions from angry lawmakers who said U.S. surveillance of Mexican territory -- aimed at detecting criminal groups -- was illegal . "  There is interference ... and this has been said publicly . But I ask myself what has been accomplished by ceding a certain amount of authority , " Monzalvo said . Perry , who was first elected governor of Texas in 2002 , has faced criticism from opponents who have attacked his conservative bona fides on illegal immigration at a series of debates this fall . "  He 's trying to compensate and say , ` Yeah , I 'm really tough on Mexico , ' but I think he 's overcompensated , " said Grayson , who is also a professor of government at the College of William and Mary in Williamsburg , Virginia . This is n't the first time Perry has called for greater force fighting drug cartels . Last year he asked U.S. President Barack Obama to send 1,000 additional National Guard troops to the border . "  We must show the cartels that Washington will no longer tolerate their terrorizing and criminalizing the border region , " he wrote in a letter to the president . Troops crossing the border , however , is a different matter , Olson said . "  No Mexican wants the U.S. to send its military troops . ... They welcome cooperation and they welcome the U.S. accepting responsibility for its role , but they do n't welcome the notion of sending troops . That 's crossing a line , " he said . CNN 's Isabel Morales and Rachel Streitfeld contributed to this report .	The Texas governor says fighting the drug trade "  may require our military in Mexico " Mexico 's ambassador says the presence of U.S. troops "  is not on the table " The idea could have serious political and security consequences , analysts say Analyst : Sending troops could undermine cooperation between the neighboring countries
London  CNN  -- Passengers struggling to get away for the holiday season faced further frustration and delays Tuesday , as the EU 's top travel official slammed snow disruptions across the region as "  unacceptable . " Heavy snow caused severe disruption to train and plane schedules in a number of major cities days before Christmas , forcing thousands of people to sleep in terminals while they waited for information on their onward journey . "  I am extremely concerned about the level of disruption to travel across Europe caused by severe snow . It is unacceptable and should not happen again , " European Commission Vice President Siim Kallas said in a written statement . He took issue with airport infrastructure which he called the "  weak link " in the chain , and urged airports to "  get serious " about planning for severe weather conditions . Thousands of passengers endured another frustrating day at London 's Heathrow Airport Tuesday as airlines struggled to clear the backlog of passengers after two days of cancellations . Only one of the airport 's two runways was operating , following cancellations during the previous two days due to heavy snow . British Prime Minister David Cameron discussed the weather chaos with his cabinet "  extensively " Tuesday , according to his office . "  The people stuck here are having an incredibly difficult time , especially just a few days from Christmas , and everything must be done to either get them on holiday or get them home safely , " Cameron said at a news conference . Kylie Deegennars said she had been sleeping on the terminal floor since arriving at Heathrow late Saturday . "  We got told on that evening that if we waited until 6 a.m. the next morning we 'd get more information . We did not get a blanket or a bottle of water until 1:30 a.m. in the morning , " she said . Conditions had n't improved since then and Monday night she was still waiting for confirmation of a flight . "  We 're younger , we 've got resistance , but there are babies , there are elderly people , and they 're getting no extra treatment than anyone else . It 's disgusting , " she said . On Tuesday afternoon , British Airways announced that it was considering transporting passengers stranded at Heathrow by bus to other UK airports . Terminal five , it said , had been closed as staff worked to clear the backlog of people crowding the main concourse . London Heathrow is to remain open for the next 24 hours , British Airways said , adding that it was considering bringing planes back overnight to clear the load . Gatwick airport officials indicated Tuesday evening that operations were nearing normal . Nearly 700 flights were scheduled to arrive or depart the airport Tuesday carrying about 100,000 passengers , an airport spokeswoman said , and only 53 flights had been canceled . "  The airfield teams are continuing to work round the clock and we are in a strong position to get flights moving to as near normal operations later today , " Gatwick spokeswoman Andrea Hopkins said . The airport has requested additional snow-clearing equipment to be delivered from Switzerland in an effort to make operations fully functional . Colleagues Sharon and Cathy were trying to get back to Phoenix , Arizona , after suffering a two-day delay to their flights from Munich , Germany . They have been stranded at Heathrow airport since Monday . "  We really felt that we were flying into the eye of the storm and it did n't make much sense to do that , but here we are . We 've been told our best chance of getting out is on December 27 , " Sharon said . The colleagues say they are "  lucky " to be put up in a hotel by their company , and expressed sympathy for others stranded in the airport with little or no information , accommodation or money . "  It looks like a refugee camp . People have been staying there for days , " Sharon said . "  There were guards at the doors of Terminal One not allowing other people to come in . We were a little concerned about leaving the terminal that we might not be able to get back in . " The British government has come under fire for failing to heed warnings about the incoming inclement weather . Defending the government , UK Transport Secretary Philip Hammond said , "  Nobody foresaw the really extreme temperatures that we 've had . " He laid the blame for chaos at Heathrow Airport firmly at the door of airport operator BAA who he said made a "  bad call " on Saturday when the snow first started to present problems . "  This is as a result of extreme weather conditions and also to be frank of a bad call on Saturday by the airport operator who was , as it turned out , over-optimistic about their ability to leave the airport open , " he said . The government had offered military manpower to help clear runways which had been rejected , Hammond said . He added that the government was working with authorities to ensure the smooth supply of de-icing equipment and other materials to keep the airport operating . British transport expert David Quarmby , author of an independent audit on the resilience of England 's transport system , said that the country could not be expected to be able to cope as well as other cities that regularly experience heavy snowfall . "  We had a severe winter last winter and a bit of a winter the year before . But for eight years before that we hardly saw any snow at all , " he said . "  It 's very difficult to justify investing in the resources that you find in airports and rail systems and highways in countries elsewhere which always have winters that are as severe as the one that we 've got at the moment . " The travel disruption was not limited to airports . Long queues snaked around St. Pancras International railway station in London on Tuesday as Eurostar canceled 10 trains , or about 20 % of its normal service between London and Paris . "  Due to the continuing bad weather , speed restrictions are in place on our high speed lines , adding up to two hours to journey times . As a result we can not operate as many trains as planned , " said Eurostar spokeswoman Mary Walsh . Passengers ignored advice to turn up at the station one hour before departure . Some queued for as long as four hours in the London drizzle before stepping foot inside the terminal . During the wait , they were offered pizza , curry , coffee and tea , according to CNN 's Jim Boulden . Earlier , hundreds of passengers camped at Paris train stations , including Eurostar 's Paris terminal , Monday night while they waited news of the next train , French transport minister Nathalie Kosciusko-Morizet told French radio Tuesday . Around 3,000 passengers on cancelled flights slept on the floor at Paris ' Charles de Gaulle airport , while another 400 spent the night at Orly airport , she said . Pierre-Henri Gourgeon , CEO of Air France KLM said efforts had been made to find stranded passengers a hotel room . "  We found 4,000 , but we could n't find anymore , " Gourgeon told French radio . A message on the Paris airports website said air traffic was "  slowly resuming " after severe snow disruptions . Passengers were advised to check whether their flights had been cancelled before traveling to the airport . Heavy snowfall halted all plane travel at Frankfurt airport in Germany for a short time Tuesday , said Thomas Uber , an airport spokesman . By mid-morning in Europe , the number of canceled flights had risen to 464 , mostly due to backlogs and disruptions at other airports , an official said . About 50 flights had been canceled at Munich airport , also due to disruptions elsewhere . German Transport Minster Peter Ramsauer has asked German state authorities to allow night flights on a case-by-case basis to ease travel chaos at airports . Major German airports have restrictions on night flights usually from 11 p.m. to 6 a.m. and only allow night flights on a very limited basis or in cases of emergencies . On Tuesday afternoon Belgian authorities had started putting passengers whose flights had been diverted from Heathrow Airport to Brussels on coaches and boats to London . In a statement posted on its website , the airport advised passengers bound for Frankfurt on Lufthansa flights to make their way independently by train or car . European Commission Vice President Kallas said he would convene a meeting of European airport representatives in coming days to demand an explanation and assurances that they can handle future snow disruptions . "  We have seen in recent years that snow in Western Europe is not such an exceptional circumstance . Better preparedness , in line with what is done in Northern Europe is not an optional extra , it must be planned for and with the necessary investment , particularly on the side of the airports , " he said . The UK 's Met Office , the country 's weather forecasting agency , said it is not expecting further snow in London on Wednesday and that Heathrow and Gatwick airports "  should remain dry . " CNN 's Laura Perez Maestro , Fred Pleitgen , Phil Han and Jim Boulden contributed to this report	NEW : Gatwick operations nearing normal , spokeswoman says BA considering transporting passengers by bus from Heathrow to other airports UK Transport Secretary lays blame for Heathrow chaos on "  over-optimistic " operator Thousands of passengers await connections in European airports , rail stations
CNN  -- The FBI has rescued 168 children and arrested 281 pimps in a countrywide crackdown on child sex trafficking . The operation , which took place over the last week in more than 100 cities , involved nearly 400 law enforcement agencies , authorities said Monday . The message , said FBI Director James Comey , should be clear : "  Our children are not for sale . ... We will respond and crush these pimps who would crush these children . " Since 2008 , the FBI and its partners have rescued close to 3,600 children . The agency said investigations have led to 1,450 convictions and the seizure of more than $ 3 million in assets . "  These are not far-away kids in faraway lands . These are our kids , on our street corners , our truck stops , our motels , our casinos . These are America 's children , " Comey said . Speaking alongside the director , Leslie Caldwell , assistant attorney general for the Justice Department 's criminal division , stressed scores of more children remain victimized . She urged anyone with information about such abuse to contact authorities . "  Just one call , just one online report could mean all the difference for a child who now can only dream of a normal childhood and a life outside prostitution , " Caldwell said . FBI crackdown nabs pimps , rescues children FBI seeks victims of ` prolific ' international child predator	The operation took place over the last week in more than 100 cities , FBI says It involved nearly 400 law enforcement agencies FBI director : "  Our children are not for sale "
CNN  -- The first guests checked back into the Taj Mahal Palace and the Oberoi-Trident hotels Sunday , marking the reopening of the two luxury venues damaged by terrorist attacks in Mumbai last month . Guests arrive Sunday at the Taj Mahal Palace hotel in Mumbai . Along with new guests , the hotels ' five restaurants were booked with diners , representatives of the Taj Mahal said . "  Today has been an incredibly moving day . The Taj has been reopened , after a massive concerted effort , in dedication to all of those who lost their lives in the attacks on Mumbai , " said Ratan Tata , the chairman of the company that owns the the Taj Mahal Palace hotel . Representatives at the Oberoi-Trident marked the reopening of that hotel with a multi-religion prayer meeting . Watch as the Taj Mahal hotel reopens "  All the 550 guest rooms , including the executive floors , of the hotel are ready to receive guests , " a hotel spokesman said , adding the business was reopening with "  heightened security , " There were still portions of both hotels that could not reopened because of damage , including the Heritage wing of the Taj Mahal and the Oberoi wing of the Oberoi-Trident . The scene Sunday is a far cry from November 26 when the hotel and many other locations in Mumbai were paralyzed by a mass of coordinated attacks . Terrorists using bombs , gunfire and fire caused the deaths of more than 160 people over three days of sieges throughout the city that is India 's commercial capital . They took hostages at the Taj Mahal Palace and Tower and Oberoi-Trident hotels . The assaults also targeted a historic train station , a Jewish cultural center and other landmarks . CNN 's Harmeet Singh contributed to this report .	Mumbai 's Taj Mahal Palace Tower , Oberoi-Trident luxury hotels reopen Both were targeted by gunmen in last month 's attacks in which around 160 died Parts of both hotels still closed because of damage suffered during three-day sieges
CNN  -- Nikolay Davydenko produced a ruthless display to beat U.S. Open champion Juan Martin Del Potro in straight sets to win the ATP World Tour Finals in London on Sunday . Davydenko had dispatched world number one Roger Federer in the semifinals and re-produced the magic to see off the Argentine 6-3 6-4 in one hour and 23 minutes at the O2 Arena . The victory in the elite , eight-man end-of-season showpiece is the highlight of the 28-year-old Russian 's career , going one better than 2008 when he lost in the final to Novak Djokovic of Serbia . Davydenko , seeded sixth , had begun the week with a thrilling three-set loss to Djokovic in round-robin play , but proceeded to rack up four straight victories , culminating in his emphatic win over fifth-ranked Del Potro . It earned him $ 1.5 million and he was delighted to have captured the first major trophy of a career marked by consistency but mostly in a support role to the game 's very elite . "  For me it was amazing coming here number seven and winning the tournament . I surprised myself , " he said . Del Potro looked weary after his epic three-set semifinal win over Swede Robin Soderling the previous night . He dropped his service in the fourth ganme of the opening set and could claim only five points on his opponent 's service as the Russian eased to an early lead . The second set was tighter , with Del Potro having a break point in the sixth game . But at 4-4 Davydenko made his move on Del Potro 's service . Two blistering passing shots set up three break points and he claimed a 5-4 lead after a long rally . Serving for the title , he set up match point with an ace and took it when Del Potro could not return a fiece smash . It capped a week of surprises at the new venue with world number two Rafael Nadal crashing out with three straight sets defeats and home hope Andy Murray edged out of the round-robin by Federer and Del Potro by the slimmest of margins . Soderling , who only came into the tournament as a late reserve for the injured Andy Roddick , and Davydenko were the surprise qualifiers from the other group , with the latter going all the way after beating the Australian , French , U.S. Open and Wimbledon champions . Del Potro acknowledged he had been beaten by the better man on the day . "  Congratulations . You are a great champion , " he said . Now Davydenko will eye his first grand slam title at the Australian Open in January , which will be the next major tournament test for the leading players . Earlier , In the doubles final , American pair Bob and Mike Bryan beat Max Mirnyi and Andy Ram 7-6 6-3 to win their third ATP Finals title and claim the number one ranking in the world at the end of the season for the fifth time .	Nikolay Davydenko wins ATP World Tour Finals title in London Russian beats Juan Martin Del Potro of Argentina in straight sets Davydenko was beaten in last year 's final by Serbian Novak Djokovic Bryan brothers win doubles title to claim end of season top ranking
CNN  -- For decades , the attempts at health care reform have aimed to increase access . The United States is one of the few industrialized nations in the world that does not provide universal health care to its citizens . And repeatedly , those who oppose it have been forced to argue that access is n't the problem some make it out to be . Why ? The emergency department , they say . After all , it is a commonly held belief that no one can be denied care there . So -- in essence -- everyone can get free health care if they need it . We have a universal system after all . That , of course , is not true . It 's not even close . Let 's start with the idea that emergency rooms must provide you care . What 's important to remember is that you ca n't be refused emergency care . That 's because the Emergency Medical Treatment and Active Labor Act  EMTALA  requires that any hospital that takes Medicare or Medicaid must check you for emergent conditions and treat them if they exist . Since nearly every hospital in the country takes federal funds from one of these programs , nearly all hospitals are subject to EMTALA . But "  emergency medical condition " has a pretty narrow definition . It includes active labor for women and acute conditions that would cause death , serious bodily organ harm or serious bodily function impairment if they were not treated right away . If politicians are meaning to say that women have universal access to delivery care , then I suppose there 's an element of truth to that . But there 's no guarantee of prenatal care in the emergency department . If they are saying that we have universal access if we 're acutely having a heart attack , then I suppose there 's truth to that as well . But there 's no such access for lipid panels , stress tests or prescriptions for cholesterol medications that might help you avoid the heart attack in the first place . If you 're acutely obstructed by massively advanced colon cancer , it 's likely you can get emergency surgery to end the blockage . But your cancer is likely too far advanced to cure at that point . Moreover , you 're not going to get chemotherapy in the emergency department nor could you have gotten the colonoscopy that might have detected the cancer far earlier . You ca n't get preventive care in the emergency department . You ca n't get screened for a host of disorders . You ca n't get treatment for your depression there or really for any chronic mental disorders . You ca n't get help with your child 's autism , ADHD or developmental delay . And even if you could , it would n't be free . That 's the second and perhaps more misunderstood part of this emergency department misconception . The costs of treatment in the emergency room are not quickly dismissed or written off . You 'll get that emergent care , but you 'll also be charged for it . And hospitals are n't going to let that go easily . A recent article in the New York Times detailed how Accretive Health , a medical debt collector , is using aggressive tactics such as confronting patients in their hospital beds to collect the money owed for even emergent care . The article also describes how collection agencies have long been used to go after patients after they 've left the treatment facility . In some cases , patients were even confronted and stalled by debt collectors as they entered the emergency department on some later occasion so that the company could collect on old bills before more care was offered . An even more recent story covered by Kaiser Health News and NPR reported on a family of four sued by its local nonprofit hospital . The family earned about $ 25,000 a year -- below the poverty line -- but the parents did not qualify for Medicaid in Ohio . It seems that the hospital had sued almost 1,600 people for unpaid medical bills from 2009 to 2011 . Further , the piece reported , " -LSB- w -RSB- hile Ohio has a law that prevents foreclosures based on medical debt alone , it is legal for hospitals to garnish patient wages , attach bank accounts and get a lien on any future earnings , including from the sale of a house . " It might even be worse in North Carolina , where a group of nonprofit hospitals sued 40,000 patients from 2005 to 2010 . This is problematic because nonprofit hospitals are supposed to provide a certain level of charity care in exchange for their tax-exempt status . A recent review found that three hospitals in Illinois were providing a very small amount of care for free or at discounted rates . This has led to a number of facilities losing their nonprofit status and legislators to try to pass new laws requiring specify charity care minimums for nonprofit status . Before you get all riled up , I understand that hospitals need money to run . The American Hospital Association reports that hospitals lost upward of $ 40 billion in unpaid bills in 2010 alone . I 'm not suggesting care should be given out freely or that hospitals should be forced to operate at a loss . But let 's acknowledge that patients will be held accountable for the costs of their care , even in the emergency room . If they ca n't pay those bills , their credit can be ruined . Medical bills are a very significant cause of bankruptcy in this country . So it 's true that an emergency room wo n't let you die if you show up at the door , but short of that , you ca n't get care for a host of medical issues . And , while they will provide that lifesaving care to you even if you have no insurance and no money , they will send you a bill . And if you ca n't pay , it may cause you , and your family , financial ruin . That 's a far cry from universal health care , and nothing to brag about . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Aaron Carroll .	Aaron Carroll : Opponents of health reform say emergency rooms give health care to all Not true , he says . ERs ca n't refuse emergency care but not required to give other care He says other misconception is treatment costs easily written off ; in fact , billers will pursue Carroll : Yes , hospitals need money ; important to realize ER care no substitute for reforms
CNN  -- Seven states and two organizations have sued the Bush administration in an attempt to block a federal regulation that would further protect health care workers who refuse to perform abortions or other medical procedures because of religious or moral reasons . A rule protecting the rights of health care providers who refuse to participate in certain procedures is under fire . Connecticut Attorney General Richard Blumenthal filed a lawsuit Thursday on behalf of his state , California , Illinois , Massachusetts , New Jersey , Oregon and Rhode Island . Blumenthal said the regulation would put women 's health care at risk and would undercut state contraception laws . "  On its way out , the Bush administration has left a ticking legal time bomb set to explode literally the day of the inaugural and blow apart vital constitutional rights and women 's health care , " Blumenthal said in a statement . "  Women 's health may be endangered -- needlessly and unlawfully -- if this rule is allowed to stand . " He said the regulation "  intentionally shrouds " abortion in "  new and unnecessary ambiguity , " encouraging individuals to define it and to "  deny virtually all forms of contraceptions , even emergency contraception to rape victims . " The Planned Parenthood Federation of America and American Civil Liberties Union , which was acting on behalf of the National Family Planning & Reproductive Health Association , also filed separate suits Thursday . The Department of Health and Human Services said the regulation would allow the federal government to withhold federal funds for state and local governments , health plans and health care facilities that do not follow existing federal laws that ban discrimination against doctors and other health workers who refuse to participate in procedures such as sterilizations or abortions or to make referrals for such procedures . "  We have not had an opportunity to review the lawsuits and we will respond to the court on any pending litigation , " department spokeswoman Rebecca Ayers said in an e-mail . "  The department followed appropriate procedures to put the regulation in place and the regulation is fully supported by law . " The department promulgated the rule last month . "  Doctors and other health care providers should not be forced to choose between good professional standing and violating their conscience , " Health and Human Services Secretary Mike Leavitt said in a statement then . "  This rule protects the right of medical providers to care for their patients in accord with their conscience . " The department has said that it believes the public and health care providers are unaware of the federal anti-discrimination laws . "  Many health care providers routinely face pressure to change their medical practice -- often in direct opposition to their personal convictions , " said the department 's assistant secretary of health , Adm. Joxel Garcia , in a statement in December . "  During my practice as an OB-GYN , I witnessed this firsthand . Health care providers should n't have to check their consciences at the hospital door . Fortunately , Congress enacted several laws to that end , but too many are unaware these protections exist . "	Connecticut attorney general : Regulation would put women 's health care at risk Rule further protects health workers who refuse procedures on moral grounds Department of Health and Human Services promulgated the rule last month HHS : Rule protects workers ' right to care for patients in accord with their conscience
New York  CNN  -- Emergency crews on Wednesday rescued two window washers who were trapped on a hanging platform dangling perilously at the 68th floor of the 1,776-foot One World Trade Center building in lower Manhattan . Rescue workers used a diamond saw to tear through three layers of glass panes -- the thickest nearly two inches -- to pull the workers to safety about 2:15 p.m. , authorities said . The men were taken to Bellevue Hospital Center with mild hypothermia , police said . The workers had been tethered inside the apparatus , fire officials said . Additional personal safety cables were lowered from the roof of the 104-story building . "  I see two heads dangling over the scaffolding and one of the guys -- they just keep looking down , " Reginald Moye , who watched the incident unfold from the 24th floor of a nearby hotel , told CNN . "  They look like they 're maybe five feet in the middle of the scaffold , hanging . " A cable on one side of the hanging platform developed slack , leaving it suspended in a near-vertical position , authorities said . The cause was under investigation . The men were identified as Juan Lizama , 41 , of New Jersey , and Juan Lopez , 33 , of the Bronx , according to 32BJ of the Service Employees International Union , which represents about 600 window cleaners in New York City . Fire Commissioner Daniel Nigro said emergency personnel from the NYPD , the New York Fire Department and Port Authority police practiced a rescue from such a rig 10 days ago . "  They were more than ready to operate here , " he told reporters . "  The result : two men are going to go home tonight . " But it was n't easy . "  In this case , the glass is three layers thick and , of course , they 're 68 stories up , " Nigro said . "  It does present a little more of a challenge . " Television images showed the rig dangling precipitously at a sharp angle . A Twitter photo from the fire department showed the rig as seen from inside the tower , with New York Harbor and the Statue of Liberty in the distance . Officials said emergency workers communicated with the window washers via a portable radio lowered by rope from the roof . The men worked for a company called Upgrade , according to Erica Dumas , a spokeswoman for the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey . "  They were going up , washing the windows , and I was amazed at the view , " Moye said . "  Wow . Such a dangerous job . So , suddenly , I did n't see it collapse , but once I looked over and said , something is wrong , it was dangling . " Officials at Tractel , the company that designed , built and installed the window-washing rig , had no comment . Tractel also designed the scaffolding that collapsed at the Hearst Tower in Manhattan in June 2013 , according to aerial and CNN footage of both scenes . In the 2013 incident , two workers were rescued more than 550 feet above the streets of midtown Manhattan after their scaffolding buckled near the top of the tower , fire officials said . The workers , who spent 90 minutes dangling near the top of the building , suffered no injuries . Firefighters cut through a double-paned window on the 45th floor and brought the workers in through the newly created hole . At 1,776 feet tall , the One World Trade Center building surpassed Chicago 's 1,451-foot Willis Tower as the nation 's tallest building . The new building officially opened November 3 , when the first tenant , publishing company Conde Nast , moved in . Many of the floors remain unoccupied . It is the tallest building in the Western Hemisphere , with a 408-foot spire atop the 1,368 foot tower . Its predecessor , the Twin Towers , were destroyed 13 years ago when al Qaeda terrorists flew two hijacked passenger jets into the buildings , killing 2,753 people on September 11 , 2001 . Asked if emotions surrounded the rescue , fire department Lt. Billy Ryan said : "  It 's business . The task at hand is what you worry about . You separate yourself from that . This is business . " CNN 's Steve Kastenbaum , Laura Ly , Lorenzo Ferigno , Renee Wunderlich , Leigh Remizowski and Kevin Conlon contributed to this report .	Two window washers rescued from window-washing rig high above Manhattan Hanging platform collapsed at One World Trade Center with the workers on it The tower is the country 's tallest building at 1,776 feet
CNN  -- American drivers across the country are rejoicing at falling gasoline prices , but the world 's oil producers are understandably less thrilled at the drop in revenues . That discontent could devolve into something more serious : instability , and even unrest . And that , in turn , would drive prices back up , leaving no one feeling happy . This is a hard cycle to break . Ultimately , there 's only one way out , and that 's to depend less on oil , for both producers and consumers . In the meantime , the U.S. economy will just adjust to lower prices , even if that adjustment is painful for some companies and their investors . That may be true almost nowhere else in the world . A number of oil-producing countries may have trouble paying their bills if oil prices stay below a certain level . Expert opinion generally puts that level between $ 80 and $ 100 per barrel , but given how much money goes missing in most oil-producing countries , it 's hard to be sure about that breaking point . No one really knows the price elasticity of corruption . In countries that are already experiencing unrest -- and unrest often goes hand in hand with oil wealth -- any shortfall could spell disaster . Some producers are more vulnerable than others . Norway , for example , will be fine . The country has a fairly diverse economy , a well-run national oil company that plays by the rules , and a democratic government . Saudi Arabia , like Norway , has a large sovereign wealth fund , which the country is actively using now to weather price volatility . There may even be a silver lining for the U.S. in the case of some countries . For Russia and Iran , already feeling the bite of international sanctions , the domestic pressure that comes with low prices may prompt their leaders to be more accommodating in international negotiations . At least for now . It 's the countries that are already in deep trouble , such as Iraq and Libya , that are truly at risk . Oil income has been propping up embattled central governments , but with less money to ensure political and popular support , and the ongoing assaults , these governments could fall . But there are other less obvious , but no less consequential , producers at risk . Consider Nigeria , an important global supplier with the 26th largest GDP in the world . Nigeria should have everything going for it , but instead , the country ranks 153rd out of 187 countries in the United Nation 's human development index , rating low in everything from life expectancy to education . The nation 's highly corrupt energy sector is partly to blame . 2015 is an election year for Nigeria , and if the unpopular President , Goodluck Jonathan , lacks the patronage dollars to spread around and wo n't step aside , expect problems . Venezuela is not much better off . Still an important trade partner for the U.S. , the country 's oil production is in steady decline , even though Venezuela has the largest petroleum reserves in the world . The Chavez era was tough on Venezuela 's once-respected national oil company , featuring political purges and a devastating strike . If the increasingly decrepit energy sector can no longer bankroll social programs , that will roil an already unsettled population . Energy subsidies to other Caribbean nations may well be the first thing to go , and U.S. refiners will feel the bite , too . One of the top energy trading partners for the U.S. , Mexico , has seen its production drop by almost a quarter in the last decade . Mexico 's largest field , Cantarell , has long been in decline , and the national oil company lacks the technical expertise to drill new deepwater sites . The Pena Nieto government is currently shepherding through reforms that could change that picture , but lower prices could be a complication , given that 30-40 % of government revenues come from oil . All of this instability is bad news for U.S. national security -- but also for the American consumer . This is the cruel full circle of the global oil market : unrest provoked by low oil prices in these countries can run prices back up . The United States is still a net importer of petroleum , and even if that should change -- which is possible -- the United States will remain tied to the global oil market . Their crises will be our crises . So , while it 's nice to get the break at the gas pump and the economic benefits of an energy boom at home , the national security price of oil remains high . In the near term , the United States should be doing everything it can to diversify global energy suppliers , including allowing exports of U.S. crude oil . In the long term , the only way out is a sustained , long-term investment in the alternatives to petroleum . This is a critical but not a quick fix , given the scale of global oil consumption and the technological challenges involved . It would help to be strategic and consistent in these investments : innovation in the transportation sector is especially important , for example , given its near-total dependence on oil . Of course , if the U. S. succeeds in energy innovation , that will in itself be destabilizing for other oil-producing countries . Ultimately , the only way out is for them is to diversify their economies and promote good governance and rule of law for their energy sector . That is something they have to do for themselves , but the U.S. should do everything it can to press , persuade , and support such reforms as a matter of national security , no matter how much oil we produce at home . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Oil prices have dropped sharply around the world , easing gasoline costs for U.S. drivers Sharon Burke : Be careful what you wish for ; lower prices can have a downside She says they could foster instability in nations like Iraq and Libya that are dependent on oil Burke : Some oil-producing countries could have trouble paying bills if price stays below $ 80
Sanya , China  CNN  -- A leadership summit of five emerging economic powers took a decidedly political turn on Thursday , going beyond customary economic issues with a joint declaration against Western-led airstrikes in Libya and urging a peaceful solution to the conflict . "  We share the principle that the use of force should be avoided , " the heads of state of Brazil , Russia , India , China and South Africa declared in the Sanya Declaration , which was issued at the conclusion of the annual BRICS Summit in this southern China resort city . Earlier this year , Brazil , Russia , India and China abstained from voting on a United Nations Security Council resolution that authorized a no-fly zone over Libya . By contrast , South Africa had voted in favor of the resolution . This is the third annual BRICS Summit , which adopted a new acronym after South Africa joined Brazil , Russia , India and China for the first time . Chinese President Hu Jintao chaired the one-day meeting , which was also attended by South African President Jacob Zuma , Russian President Dmitry Medvedev , Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff , Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and a host of cabinet-level representatives . This year , the BRICS countries angled for greater collective influence in political affairs . Hu , China 's president , called for cooperation to increase the influence of emerging economies in international institutions such as the United Nations and the World Bank . In the joint declaration , the five countries specifically called for reform and diversification of the UN Security Council by adding more emerging economies so "  it can deal with today 's global challenges more successfully . " "  We underscore our support for multilateralism and the UN system but also agree on the need for the UN , including the UN Security Council , to make it more representative and effective , " said South African President Jacob Zuma . Indian Minister of Commerce Anand Sharma agreed . "  This platform as such can make a significant and defining contribution to the global architecture as the world is seeing a major shift , " Sharma told CNN . The BRICS countries also agreed to use their own currencies in place of the U.S. dollar when issuing credit or grants to one another . The declaration , which called for a broad-based international reserve currency system , asserted that such a move would provide more stability and certainty for emerging economies . While the summit focused on major areas of agreement between the five countries , it was apparent that the meeting purposefully steered clear of controversial topics that still plague this diverse group of nations . Controversial issues directly related to trade , including currency valuation , were pointedly avoided on Thursday . "  As of now , there has been no debate on this issue , " Yu Ping , Vice Chairman of the China Council for the Promotion of International Trade , told CNN on Thursday . Brazil , which has been sharply critical of the way China values its currency , avoided direct comment . "  Brazil has to do what Brazil has to do , " said Luciano Coutinho , President of the Brazilian National Development Bank . "  We can not expect others to take care of our problems . " Together , the BRICS countries account for 40 % of the world 's population , and their combined economic output neared one-fifth of global GDP in 2010 . The BRICS countries are expected to pass the G-7 's output by 2035 , according to official statistics published by the summit . Next year 's BRICS Summit will be hosted in India .	Leaders of Brazil , Russia , India , China and South Africa meet in Chinese resort city The five nations also call for more representation on the UN Security Council Controversial topics such as currency valuation are pointedly avoided South Africa makes its first appearance at the BRICS Summit
CNN  -- Dressed in a white cowboy hat and shirt in the merciless sun , 63-year-old Juan Leana Malpica proudly pulls a branch down in his lime grove and cups a fruit . His limes , he says , set themselves apart by their juiciness . He has been growing the fruit for the last 12 years and has never experienced a time of such upheaval . Officially , lime prices are in a spiral of hyperinflation , the national average jumping at a monthly average of around 50 % this year . Leana Malpica says he is receiving an even wider margin for his produce in the state of Morelos . He pinpoints a variety of factors in Mexico for the soaring prices . "  There 's the devastation caused by a citrus disease , " he says . "  Then there is climate change . With the arrival of winter there has been a cold snap in nearby states . And what I feel is most devastating are the price speculators . " Another factor is the continuing violence in the state of Michoacan , a top lime producer . Vigilante groups there are battling drug cartels , with the federal government caught in the middle . Many growers ca n't -- or wo n't -- put trucks on the road . Those hardest hit are inevitably working class Mexicans , who rely on the staple for drinks , garnishes and ingredients for most dishes . "  I normally buy two kilos , " one shopper at a market in Mexico City tells me . "  But now I buy a half and only use them for absolute essentials . " Mexico is the world 's largest lime producer and export markets have also felt the brunt of rising costs . Some U.S. airlines have announced they are restricting the service of limes on flights and Mexican restaurants are absorbing greater costs . U.S.-based Rosa Mexicano is a high-end chain with 19 locations around the world . They buy more than one million limes a year . "  I can tell you this time last year we were paying approximately $ 36 a case , " says manager Jay Holmes . "  The first delivery this morning was $ 110 a case . We 've not passed that onto the guest and do n't plan to . " So while you may not be paying more for your margarita right now , profits are being squeezed . If lime prices stay the same , Rosa Mexicano estimates it will have to pay an additional $ 650,000 this year . For Mexican producers like Juan Leana Malpica who have not been hit by shortages , all this represents a big payday . He plans to use the profits to expand , upgrading his fertilizer and irrigation systems . The Mexican government , too , is trying to boost supply . Although the scale of the lime crisis is unique this year , the early months traditionally see a shortfall . "  We have just generated a technology in Morelos which will launch in September , " says Agriculture Ministry official Rafael Ambriz Cervantes . "  We will trim the branches of lime trees and immediately apply nitrogen to induce flowering . And this flowering in the month of October will produce limes in February , March and April . " Consumers and businesses will have to wait until 2015 to see how effective the program is . The hope is that the brand of a key Mexican crop has not been tarnished . WATCH MORE : Why it 's time to buy in the emerging markets	Limes are in a spiral of hyperinflation , with prices doubling every month this year Those hardest hit are working class Mexicans , who rely on limes for their dishes Profits are being squeezed and the pain may soon be felt beyond Mexico
JOHANNESBURG , South Africa  CNN  -- White students at a South African university tricked black residence hall workers into eating stew containing urine , prompting a march Wednesday in which five people were arrested , university officials said . Students protest against a racist video on the campus of Free State University in Bloemfontein , South Africa . The white students made a video of the incident , which they staged in reaction to the university 's efforts to integrate its residences , according to a statement from the University of the Free State . The protesters on Wednesday included black and white students who later marched to the residence where the video was made and demanded that it be shut down , witnesses said . The video surfaced on Tuesday but was made in September , the university said . In the video , white male students at Reitz Residence are seen encouraging at least three black female housekeepers to participate in what the students call the "  Reitz Fear Factor , " an apparent reference to the television show in which contestants eat live worms or compete in other feats . Watch excerpts of video that sparked outrage " In one scene from the video , a student mixes what looks like a beef stew in a plastic bowl and adds garlic and other items . Then he tells the camera he will add the "  special ingredient . " The student then urinates into the mixture , which he later stirs up and puts in a microwave . Other students can be heard laughing on the tape . The next scene shows a different student urging at least three housekeepers to drink cups full of the stew , saying , "  This is our dorm 's ` Fear Factor . ' We want to see who has the best ` Fear Factor . ' " On the video , the student does not tell the women that there is urine in the mixture . The women , on their knees , spit the stew into buckets after tasting it . Some appeared to vomit , but the women also laughed during the incident as the student urged them on . Next , the women struggle to run in what appears to be a race . The video is put in slow-motion as the theme from "  Chariots of Fire " plays . Finally , one of the students awards a large bottle of whiskey to one of the women , telling her she has won the "  Fear Factor . " At the end of the video , a message appears on the screen in Afrikaans saying , "  That , at the end of the day , is what we think of integration . " University officials and human rights groups in South Africa denounced the video . "  The executive management of the -LSB- university -RSB- condemns this video in the strongest possible terms as a gross violation of the human dignity of the workers involved , " said UFS Rector Frederick Fourie in a statement posted on the university 's Web site . "  We have immediately started with a most urgent investigation into this matter , " he added . Later Wednesday , Fourie met with the employees seen in the video and apologized to them , a statement from the university said . Counseling is being provided for the workers , it added . The students involved in the video have been identified and will be suspended , Fourie said , and charges against the men will be filed with the South African Police Service . Two of the students in the video are still enrolled at the university but had been barred from the campus in Bloemfontein , according to the university . Two others completed their studies last year . The students seen in the video have not made any public comment since the video surfaced . "  I am deeply saddened that students apparently see nothing wrong in producing such an offensive and degrading video . I have publicly said several times that the UFS is not a place for racism , " the rector 's statement said . "  The fact that it is openly linked to the integration process in UFS residences is also most disturbing , " Fourie said . A spokeswoman in Free State province for the Democratic Alliance -- an opposition party which says it puts equal rights for all South Africans at the center of its policies -- called the video "  shocking and inhumane . " "  It looked like they were willing -LSB- participants -RSB- but they did n't know what purpose the video served . ... It was quite humiliating at the end to see the quite senior ladies on their knees eating the meat , " said spokeswoman Liana Van Wyk , the South African Press Association reported . Helen Zille , the Democratic Alliance 's leader , Wednesday asked the South African Human Rights Commission to conduct an investigation into racial tensions at the university . "  The abhorrent footage of students abusing university workers is a fundamental infringement on the victims ' constitutional right to have their dignity respected and protected , " Zille said in a statement posted on the group 's Web site . "  This incident is symptomatic of racial tensions that have been simmering at the campus for some time over the issue of hostel -LSB- residence -RSB- integration , " she said . Fourie acknowledged in his statement that "  the university is going through a difficult time with its efforts to racially integrate its residences and to create a new residence culture based on diversity , respect , human dignity and human rights . " He added , "  These kinds of actions make it all the more important that we succeed with establishing such a new institutional culture on the campus . I appeal to all staff and students to remain calm and to act in the best interests of the university . " The university , a research center , is one of South Africa 's oldest ; founded in 1904 . It has more than 25,000 students , according to its Web site , and uses a parallel-medium instruction in English and Afrikaans for its full range of undergraduate and graduate programs . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Kim Norgaard contributed to this report .	Video made of incident surfaces , brings campus protest Video made to protest residence hall integration , university says White males urinated into stew , served it to black workers Video makers told workers they were playing "  Fear Factor "
CNN  There are two paths to practicing medicine in America . There 's the traditional , time-tested way , where new doctors graduate from medical school and then pass a series of national exams while training for years as resident physicians . Then there 's the approach being forged in Florida and Arizona : getting elected to a state legislature . Lawmakers in those states are too often donning the white coats to orchestrate medical practice . In 2011 , Florida enacted the Firearm Owners ' Privacy Act , which threatens prosecution and loss of licensure for any physicians who dare ask their patients about gun ownership and gun safety . Guns are a scientifically uncontested health risk . Asking about them is standard practice in pediatrics and psychiatry . I treat brain injuries , and it 's part of my job to talk with patients about things that might be unsafe for them , like driving . And handling weapons . Some of those I treat suffered their injuries by bullets , typically fired by family members or themselves . Does anyone really believe I should n't talk about gun safety in these cases ? It 's a good thing I do n't practice in Florida . Florida 's gun censorship law was dragged into court soon after the governor signed it , and while a three-judge appeals panel upheld the law last summer , doctors can still ask about guns while the full 11th Circuit Court of Appeals decides whether it will take up the case , a decision that could come down any day , the president of the Florida chapter of the American Academy of Pediatrics , Dr. Tommy Schechtman , told me . He is a plaintiff in the case . In Arizona , another assault on physician free speech is scheduled to go into effect this summer . Bill 1318 goes a step beyond silencing doctors . It requires them to lie . The bill was originally a hum-drum attempt to block health plans from covering abortion services , a common state and federal strategy . But legislators slid in a last-minute provision mandating that physicians who prescribe the abortion pill RU-486 tell patients the pill is reversible . That 's the opinion of a particular San Diego doctor who says this can be done through risky , large doses of progesterone . But the doctor has n't proven his case , and his regimen is not recommended by the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists or the Food and Drug Administration . Any doctor is certainly within his or her rights to review the limited information available about the San Diego regimen and decide whether to discuss it with patients , but actually requiring physicians to make claims most believe to be untrue and unsafe means the legislators are overstepping their bounds and interfering with the patient-doctor relationship . I can not imagine anyone attempting to put words into the mouth of a lawyer privately consulting with a client . Why are physicians putting up with a professional assault the American Bar Association would never permit ? Dr. Ilana Addis , chairwoman of the Arizona chapter of the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists , told me the amendment was added shortly before she was scheduled to testify about the bill before the Arizona House . While Planned Parenthood and the ACLU joined her organization in criticizing the provision , the bill passed both chambers and was recently signed by the governor . There 's a common relationship shared by these laws , beyond turning doctors into government spokespeople . These laws capitalize on controversial issues to divide and conquer . Physicians do n't all share the same opinions on abortion and guns any more than they all vote Republican or Democrat . This is part of the reason the key state physicians ' associations are n't taking the lead in battling these laws . The battle is left to the specialties most affected . In Florida , that 's the state 's chapter of the American Academy of Pediatrics , since pediatricians are most likely to ask about guns in the home . In Arizona , it 's the state chapter of the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists carrying the torch for physician free speech . The Florida Medical Association did n't provide me with details about whether it has a lobbying effort against the gun law , and the Arizona Medical Association told me in a statement that "  ArMA 's policy is to take no position on abortion . " Representing physicians as a whole , the state medical associations have the most political clout in statehouses . The Massachusetts Medical Society  MSS  tried to utilize that power recently when it decided to dedicate "  Doctor 's Day " to the issue of physician free speech , highlighting the threat posed by Florida 's gun law in particular . Members are concerned about the precedent being set . Arkansas enacted a law similar to Arizona just days later . The American Medical Association can do more . It did file a friend-of-the-court brief as part of the Florida legal challenge , but at this writing has n't weighed in on Arizona . The AMA did n't sign on to a statement released last week by the Coalition to Protect the Patient-Provider Relationship that hits hard on the new abortion laws as an affront to good medical care . Its huge lobbying operations are tied up in Washington , while states are the main battleground over the integrity of medical practice . Now that the AMA has won the age-old "  doc fix " battle , ending automatic Medicare payment cuts to doctors , perhaps it will consider assigning some of its $ 18 million lobbying team to stand in for lackluster state affiliates who 've abdicated their responsibility to vigorously defend the medical profession . We have a Surgeon General now , Vivek Murthy , and he is on a national listening tour while he prepares to announce his areas of policy focus on April 22 , Jonathan Beeton , a Health and Human Services spokesman told me . I hope Murthy will see beyond the bluster of abortion and gun politics and zero in on a key issue affecting public health -- free and unfettered communication between patients and doctors .	Ford Vox : Florida law keeps doctors from talking gun safety with patients ; Arizona law forces doctors to promote disputed abortion claim He says doctor organizations are failing to defend medical profession against politically motivated interference by clueless lawmakers
CNN  -- Harmon Parker is using his masonry skills to save lives . Since 1997 , he has built 45 footbridges over Kenya 's perilous rivers , protecting people from flash floods and predatory animals . The bridges also connect isolated communities with valuable resources . Below are Parker 's thoughts on being named a Top 10 CNN Hero . CNN : Where were you when you got the call that you 'd been selected as a Top 10 CNN Hero ? Parker : I was in a grass-roof banda in West Pokot , where I 'd been working on a new bridge project . I was staring at a bat hanging from the ceiling and listening to a rat run around on the floor , trying to fall asleep . It was at that moment , 10:18 p.m. , when my cell phone rang . It 's very interesting because I normally do not have cell phone reception in this area . ... I thought it might be my wife , so I answered the phone . I was surprised to hear a man 's voice . He introduced himself and said he wanted to share some news with me , so I said , "  Fire away . " He then told me he was happy to say that the CNN Blue Ribbon Panel had selected me to be one of the Top 10 CNN Heroes for 2010 . To say I was excited does n't begin to describe my first reaction . My heart was pumping hard from the adrenaline rush , and I found myself repeating , "  You have to be kidding , you have to be kidding ! " So there I was , alone , in the middle of the African bush , and a very nice gentleman from New York is telling me that Bridging the Gap 's story was going to be aired on the CNN Heroes tribute in -LSB- Los Angeles , California -RSB- on Thanksgiving evening . Sleep eluded me for the rest of the night , but who needs sleep when you 've just been told that you 're a Top 10 CNN Hero ? To be honest , I 'm still processing it all . I keep thinking , "  Harmon , this is CNN for heaven 's sake ; you know , Anderson Cooper , Ted Turner and all the others . " It 's unbelievable . Sorry for the cliché , but I am incredibly humbled and honored by this recognition . I have only seen one CNN Heroes tribute show , and I was very moved by the amazing people who were being honored . To think I will soon join this prestigious family of Heroes is beyond my wildest dreams . CNN : What will this recognition mean to Bridging the Gap ? Parker : This recognition will be a venue to tell the story of the millions of marginalized people around the world who suffer greatly due to the dangers that rivers pose . It 's for them . I hope this story will inspire other people and organizations to start bridge-building programs like I have done . I also hope this will increase our financial resources so that Bridging the Gap can hire more staff and be even more effective . CNN : What do you want people to know most about your work ? Parker : I want people to know that my work is saving lives by providing safe access over perilous rivers . Our simple bridges are incredibly effective and helping poor communities in so many ways . Bridges are vital for health , education and commerce . Bridges are beautiful ! I am writing from a bridge site in West Pokot where four people , sadly , drowned earlier this year . I wish all of you could see this setting , hear the sounds of rural Africa and meet this very happy community that I 'm serving . The scenery is breathtaking . I can see children mirrored in my computer screen standing behind my chair as I type under the shade of an Acacia tree -- children who will no longer have to worry about drowning in the river they paradoxically depend on as a source of life . When I arrived at the bridge site four days ago , I was surprised to be welcomed by more than 300 people , dressed in their bright traditional attire , singing and dancing as though it was the bridge-opening ceremony . This is another first for me ! In all the years I 've been building bridges , I have never been received with such enthusiasm that stems from grateful hearts . The 42-meter bridge that the community and I are building together will link schools , medical clinics , churches and a market center . I was told by an mzee  old man  that more than 150 people have drowned at this crossing since 1965 . My typical motivational speeches to work hard were not necessary in light of this community 's history and the memories of loved ones lost . I ca n't describe how much this simple bridge means to these people . It 's their Golden Gate .	Harmon Parker is transforming Kenyan communities by building footbridges over perilous rivers Many people in rural Kenya still fall victim to flash floods and predatory animals Parker on his current bridge project : "  This is their Golden Gate "
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A young man carrying what turned out to be a hairbrush died Monday night in a hail of bullets fired by New York police . Khiel Coppin 's brother Joel Coppin spoke briefly with reporters saying , "  We want justice . " Authorities were responding to a 9-1-1 call his mother made about a "  family dispute with a gun , " police said . In the background of the call , played at a news conference Tuesday , 18-year-old Khiel Coppin can be heard saying , "  I 've got a gun , I 've got a gun , " New York Police Department Deputy Commissioner Paul Browne told CNN . The teen put an object under his shirt and told his mother around the time she phoned 9-1-1 that he was going to say he had a gun , said New York Police Commissioner Raymond Kelly . The teen told her , " ` I 'm prepared to die , ' " Kelly told reporters . When authorities arrived at the Bedford-Stuyvesant apartment , the teenager had something stuffed under his shirt and several times showed a knife to police . "  Shoot me , kill me , " he shouted , according to Kelly . "  Come get me . I have a gun . Let 's do this . " Coppin ignored repeated commands to stop and get on the ground . Witnesses said the teen appeared to be holding an object underneath his shirt and pointed it at the officers . Coppin continued to approach officers , as they ordered him to stop , said Kelly . Twenty shots were fired ; Coppin was struck eight times , Kelly said . "  This was a terrible tragedy for Khiel 's family , no doubt about it , " said Kelly . But the commissioner stressed that officers reasonably believed they were about to receive fire . Kelly said the teen 's mother reported he had not taken his anti-depressant and anti-psychotic medication . Police have not recovered a gun and do not believe that Coppin was armed , Kelly said . A reporter asked Kelly if it 's possible the young man was goading police to shoot him , a phenomenon known commonly in law enforcement circles as suicide-by-cop . "  That 's certainly a possibility , " said Kelly . "  The boy did n't have no gun , he had a brush on him , " said Andre Wildman , a neighbor who told CNN that he saw the shooting . Listen to mother 's 911 call " Another neighbor , Wayne Holder , said police should be required to see a weapon before opening fire on a suspect . "  At least see a gun before you start to discharge it , " Holder said . Police "  do n't even have to see it , -LSB- if -RSB- they think you got one , you 're going to get shot . " Coppin was taken to a hospital where he was declared dead . An autopsy is scheduled for Tuesday , the medical examiner 's office said . The Rev. Al Sharpton 's National Action Network is expected to hold a news conference on Tuesday about the shooting . Police said they were investigating whether Coppin had a history of mental illness and whether his mother had tried to have him hospitalized earlier Monday . The shooting came a year after unarmed groom Sean Bell , 23 , was killed hours before his wedding in a shooting involving New York police . In 1999 , unarmed African immigrant Amadou Diallo , 22 , died when police in the Bronx shot him 19 times . Bystander Dyshawn Gibson described Monday 's shooting to CNN affiliate WABC-TV . "  He dropped the brush , " Gibson said . "  He put his hands up . Police just started firing . " Coppin was seen pacing around the apartment prior to the shooting , according to an initial police statement issued Monday night . "  He began screaming from the window at his mother and the police , " the police statement said . "  At some point , the male climbed out of the window and began crossing the sidewalk toward the police . " That 's when police began firing , a police spokesman said . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Jennifer Rizzo , Janine Brady and Alina Cho contributed to this report . Copyright 2007 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	Official : Unarmed teen hid object under shirt , shouted , "  Kill me . " New York Police Commissioner : Police feared being fired upon Police confirm Khiel Coppin , 18 , was carrying hairbrush under shirt Police say he ignored orders to halt ; cops fired 20 shots , killing the teen
The House on Wednesday approved President Obama 's request to arm and train Syrian rebels in the fight against ISIS . With significant opposition to the proposal in both parties , the vote was 273 -156 . More than one third of the House -- 71 Republicans and 85 Democrats -- voted no . Many Republicans argue the strategy is n't tough enough to defeat ISIS ; many Democrats worry the plan could drag the United States into another long military engagement . The proposal would authorize the Pentagon to provide assistance to "  appropriately vetted " members of the Syrian opposition and require the administration to give Congress a detailed plan for helping the rebels before that assistance could begin . The Senate will vote Thursday on the proposal . Dempsey : U.S. ground troops to fight ISIS , if necessary House Republican leaders scheduled an extended debate that stretched over two days . Most measures are only discussed for one hour with only a handful of people participating . But since so many House members were elected after Congress weighed in on Iraq , close to 100 Democrats and Republicans came to the House floor to explain what amounted to their first vote on an international conflict . It was a debate that highlighted unusual alliances . Conservative Republicans who want more aggressive military action joined progressive anti-war Democrats worried about another U.S. intervention and opposed the measure . But backing the plan were hawkish GOP members and Democrats who argued the proposal to send Syrian groups into the fight against ISIS would send a message to international partners to join the effort . The vote came as an amendment to a spending bill to keep the government funded through mid-December . It was a vote to grant the new authority to President Barack Obama , but did n't include any new money . The administration has adequate resources for its current airstrike campaign and the program to assist the rebels in an existing fund covering overseas operations . The measure would let the Pentagon transfer money from that account as needed . Notably , some war veterans on both sides of the aisle argued forcefully against giving the new authority to the President . Democratic Rep. Tulsi Gabbard of Hawaii , who fought in Iraq , said the goals of the President 's plans to arm Syrians were "  unrealistic " and pointing to Iraq and Libya , said sharply , "  clearly our leaders have not learned their lessons . " California GOP Rep. Duncan Hunter , who fought as a Marine in both Iraq and Afghanistan , said that while he did support arming Syrian rebels last year , the sectarian violence has worsened and now he has "  no confidence we are arming the right people . " But another veteran , Rep. Adam Kinzinger , R-Illinois , who flew missions over Iraq , warned that not giving this authority would send a worrisome signal to U.S. allies in the region that are battling the terror group . Others argued this was a time to unite behind the President to show the international community that the United States was moving against terrorism . The third-ranking House Republican , Rep. Steve Scalise , warned "  the threat of ISIS is real and growing and it 's not just limited to the Middle East . " The Louisiana congressman said while Congress was giving this authority to the administration , "  there 's got to be a give and take , " and said the provisions added by the GOP would give the legislative body oversight over the new operation with the Syrian moderates . Congress is expected to debate a broader war authorization after the midterm elections .	House approves funding to arm and train anti-ISIS forces in Syria Vote count showed significant opposition to the measure from both parties War veterans on both sides of the aisle argued against the proposal Senate votes Thursday
CNN  -- A group of passengers who were aboard a March 27 JetBlue flight out of JFK Airport that was diverted because of erratic behavior by its pilot have filed suit against the airline and pilot . The lawsuit , obtained by CNN , was filed Wednesday in New York State Supreme Court in Queens . It lists 10 plaintiffs and accuses JetBlue of being grossly negligent for allowing Capt. Clayton Osbon to fly , claiming the airline knew or should have known that he was unfit to fly an aircraft at the time of the flight . The lawsuit alleges that Osbon caused significant distress to the passengers , specifically by yelling obscenities and things such as "  Say your prayers , " "  We 're all going down , " "  I 'm going to show you Iraq and Iran right now " and "  There 's a bomb on board . " JetBlue Airlines does not offer comment on pending legal matters . Sharon Jones , spokesperson for the airline , did say that JetBlue was aware of the claim that was filed , but has not reviewed the complaint . On April 4 , Osbon was ordered by U.S. District Judge Mary Lou Robinson to undergo a psychiatric evaluation . He is scheduled to attend a mental competency hearing Friday morning at the U.S. District Court in Amarillo , Texas , where the flight was eventually diverted . According to court documents filed April 18 by his attorney , Dean Roper , Osbon plans on using an insanity defense . Roper did not immediately return a call for comment . The co-pilot of the flight became concerned about Osbon 's bizarre behavior early in the trip from New York to Las Vegas , according to an FBI affidavit issued shortly after the flight . As the Airbus A320 was climbing out of New York 's John F. Kennedy International Airport , Osbon talked about his church and needing to "  focus , " the affidavit says . He then told the co-pilot to take the controls and to work the radio , and began talking about religion , making statements that were incoherent , it says . The concerned co-pilot suggested they invite an off-duty JetBlue captain into the cockpit . Instead , Osbon "  abruptly left the cockpit to go to the forward lavatory , " the affidavit says . The co-pilot used the opportunity to get the off-duty captain into the cockpit and change the combination to the door lock . When Osbon tried to enter his code into the cockpit door , the co-pilot announced over the public address system an order to restrain Osbon . Several passengers wrestled Osbon to the floor and restrained him . The lawsuit filed Wednesday does not specify the amount of damages the plaintiffs seek . CNN 's Aaron Cooper contributed to this report	Capt. Clayton Osbon was subdued by passengers 10 passengers have sued , saying JetBlue should have known there was a problem he lawsuit alleges that Osbon caused significant distress to the passengers
Seeking a middle ground between calls for tough military action and none at all , President Barack Obama said Thursday he was sending up to 300 military advisers to Iraq to help the embattled government hold off a lightning advance from the north by Sunni militants . Obama told White House reporters the goal was to prevent a civil war in Iraq that could destabilize the region , and also prevent creation of a terrorist safe haven in northern Iraq and neighboring Syria from which U.S. enemies could plan and launch attacks against American interests . At the same time , Obama sought to allay fears of a military escalation that could relaunch the eight-year war he halted by withdrawing U.S. troops in 2011 . "  We have had advisers in Iraq through our embassy and we are prepared to send a small number of additional American military advisers -- up to 300 -- to assess how we can best train , advise and support Iraqi security forces going forward , " the President said . "  American forces will not be returning to combat in Iraq but we will help Iraqis as they take the fight to terrorists who threaten the Iraqi people , the region and American interests as well , " he added . Obama also said his strategy meant that "  going forward , we will be prepared to take targeted and precise military action if and when we determine that the situation on the ground requires it . " Possible airstrikes The language signaled possible airstrikes against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria  ISIS  fighters who have swept toward Baghdad in recent weeks . Senior administration officials told reporters after Obama 's statement that the United States will be sending the advisers to multiple joint command locations in Baghdad and elsewhere in Iraq . Several initial teams of about a dozen special forces members from units in the region would begin arriving in Iraq soon , said one of the officials on a White House phone conference conducted on condition of anonymity . Earlier , several U.S. officials told CNN that the Pentagon proposed sending Green Berets , Army Rangers and Navy SEALs to Iraq as military advisers and to collect intelligence . The term military adviser evokes memories of the Vietnam War , when the U.S. government used that label for initial American forces sent over in what ended up as a long and costly engagement . U.S. officials acknowledged the American military advisers would likely face danger based on their location . Boots on the ground CNN military analyst Rick Francona said the decision amounts to U.S "  boots on the ground " in Iraq , no matter how the administration characterizes it . "  This is the first step . This is how you get drawn into these situations , " said Francona , adding that the mission must be clearly defined to avoid greater military involvement . In response to questions from reporters after his statement , Obama rejected criticism that bringing home troops from Iraq three years ago contributed to the current crisis , saying it was Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki who rejected a residual force agreement over the need for a core requirement that would immunize U . S. troops from local prosecution . Obama also made clear that he blamed al-Maliki for worsening Iraq 's deep sectarian divide by failing to include Sunni and Kurdish interests in his policies . He called on a new Iraqi government recently elected to adopt more inclusive policies , and said he was sending Secretary of State John Kerry to the region to promote such an approach . U.S. sources say Kerry is expected to travel to Iraq soon . "  Unless there is a coming together and elimination of the mistrust and addressing of the sense of isolation of different segments of Iraqi society -- unless people are brought together in order to try to bring the country together it 's going to be -- there is no single military solution , " Kerry told reporters on Thursday . New government On the White House call , a senior administration official said a main goal of the moves announced by Obama was to allow the constitutional process of setting up a new Iraqi government to occur within the legally required time frame . The freshly elected Parliament will choose a new prime minister and president , and the Obama administration has signaled the need for a different approach than the sectarian polices of al-Maliki . To conservative hawks in Congress , Obama 's moves did n't go far enough . "  We are deeply concerned that the President continues to make political change in Iraq the prerequisite for greater U.S. military and other actions that could begin reversing the momentum of ISIS and improving the security situation in the country , " said a statement by Republican Sens. John McCain of Arizona and Lindsey Graham of South Carolina , two leading critics of what they consider to be the President 's soft foreign policy . U.S. officials familiar with the Pentagon plan , who spoke to CNN on condition of not being identified , said the teams of military advisers would be placed around Iraq in the headquarters of Iraqi military brigades and tasked with gathering intelligence on ISIS forces , such as their location , numbers and weaponry . Such information could provide needed intelligence if Obama decides to proceed with airstrikes on ISIS fighters , as requested by Iraq . Baghdad tense as military seeks to halt ISIS militants ' advance Airstrikes an option For days , military sources have said ISIS fighters are dispersed and mixed in with local populations , making them difficult to target precisely with airstrikes . Francona noted that the U.S. special forces would be "  in a great position to call in any air strikes " if Obama decided to use that option , too . On Wednesday , the President met with congressional leaders and later with Kerry on the Iraq crisis , which has prompted GOP criticism of U.S. foreign policy in the hyper - partisan environment of an election year in Washington . According to a White House statement , Obama went over efforts to "  strengthen the capacity of Iraq 's security forces to confront the threat " from ISIS fighters , "  including options for increased security assistance . " Earlier , spokesman Jay Carney spelled out one limit to any help , saying : "  The President has n't ruled out anything except sending U.S. combat troops into Iraq . " Congressional authorization While the White House statement emphasized Obama would continue to consult with Congress , Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky said the President "  basically just briefed us on the situation in Iraq and indicated he did n't feel he had any need for authority from us for the steps that he might take . " House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi of California agreed with McConnell 's assessment , adding she believed congressional authorization for military force in Iraq back in 2001 and 2003 still applied . A few hours earlier , Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel and Joint Chiefs Chairman Gen. Martin Dempsey said they were working out details on possible U.S. steps that could include airstrikes on ISIS fighters . The two leaders agreed with senators on a budget subcommittee that the Iraq crisis amounted to a threat to U.S. interests in the region and , down the road , a possible threat to the homeland if northern Iraq and neighboring Syria become a safe haven for al Qaeda-affiliated Islamists . Kerry : U.S. would communicate with Iran , not work with it , against ISIS Washington politics Obama has advocated less unilateral U.S. intervention abroad than his predecessor , GOP President George W. Bush , who led America into wars in Iraq and Afghanistan following the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks . Republicans hoping to win control of the Senate and maintain their House majority in the November election have sought to depict Obama 's foreign policy as weak and ineffective . They claim that a U.S. failure to intervene more forcefully on behalf of Syrian opposition forces created an opening for the Sunni militant movement now marching toward Baghdad . House Speaker John Boehner , who attended the White House meeting with Obama a day earlier , told reporters on Thursday that the Iraq crisis amounted to a broader foreign policy failure by the administration . "  When you look it is not just Iraq , " the Ohio Republican said . "  It is Libya , it 's Egypt , it 's Syria . The spread of terrorism has increased exponentially under this President 's leadership . " Administration officials blame Iraq 's crisis on the failure of Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki to govern more inclusively over a nation with major sectarian divisions , especially between the Sunni-dominated north and Shia-dominated south . Democratic Sen. Dianne Feinstein of California , the head of the Senate Intelligence Committee , said al-Maliki needs to be convinced that his retirement would be in his country 's best interest . "  I think that most of us that have followed this are really convinced that the Maliki government , candidly , has got to go if you want any reconciliation , " she said this week . Other Democrats grudgingly supported Obama 's announcement . "  To help Iraqis contain the current violence and protect our national security interests , I support President Obama 's decision to deploy a very limited number of advisers to Iraq for a non-combat training mission , " said a statement Thursday by Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid of Nevada . He said that "  any U.S. role in Iraq must remain sharply limited in scope , " arguing that government funds should be for rebuilding infrastructure at home instead of more war in Iraq . Opinion : Cheney 's amazing chutzpah on Iraq Transcript : Obama 's remarks on U.S. response to Iraq crisis Current fighting pushes Iraqi refugee population past 1 million	Conservative hawks says Obama did n't go far enough President Obama outlines steps to bolster Iraq against ISIS fighters CNN military analyst : "  It is boots on the ground " U.S. forces will advise Iraq 's military , collect intelligence
CNN  -- Far too many leaders do too much . Does this include you ? If you ca n't take a two-week vacation without your cell phone , your laptop and your tablet , it probably does . Do n't get me wrong -- this is not unusual . Instead , it 's natural : our ancestors -- the ones who survived and gave us the chance to be here -- were probably more active than their sometimes less fortunate colleagues were . Their activity was essential in the prehistoric era because it helped them overcome their inherent vulnerability and increase their chances at self-preservation . Add to this the fact that people get promoted into leadership positions because they 've done good work -- and we all tend to repeat any action that gets rewarded -- and it 's no wonder that leaders naturally do too much . See also : Switching off from the 24-7 work ethic Unfortunately , this creates a serious problem : active leaders who are constantly involved in every aspect of their work come across as micro-managers . They do n't think of themselves this way .  Ask yourself how many leaders willingly acknowledge that they are micro-managers !  But leaders ' opinions of themselves as leaders are much less important than their team members ' opinions , and proactive leaders inevitably step on their team members ' toes . How can a leader get around these natural tendencies ? Do Nothing ! Or , at a minimum , do less : this will let your team members do more . As an experienced teacher at Kellogg , I have the opportunity to meet thousands of leaders every year in my executive courses . When I ask them whether they have gotten to the point of doing nothing , only about 1 % raise their hands , with a big smile on their faces . See also : Focus on your results , not your hours At the same time , everyone else in the class looks at them with envy . When I ask them how they have achieved this wonderful ideal , they always say the same thing : "  I have a great team . " This begs an important question : Did they have a great team first , which allowed them to do nothing , or did they do nothing first and a great team emerged ? We do n't have enough hard data to answer this question , but is n't it intriguing to think that the latter , rather than the former , might be true ? Here are a couple more rhetorical questions : Do n't we know that a leader 's most important role is to lead and that team members should contribute ? And that it 's a leader 's competitive advantage to facilitate and orchestrate rather than doing anything substantive themselves ? See also : Why we pick bad leaders Although the answers to these questions seem obvious , too many leaders have a hard time taking the steps to implement them . Here are a couple ways that you can move toward doing nothing and , in the process , be more effective : First , identify the breadth and range of your team members ' skills so that you can let them do what they do well . Second , do what you can to facilitate their performance . Think of it this way : what would your life be like if all of your team members lived up to their maximum potential ? If you now have a very rosy image in mind , why not define your job as facilitating their performance ? They will do better and your life will improve ! Third , trust your people more . If there are good people on your team , i.e. , trustworthy people who have skills , why not trust them to do what they can do well ? People thrive on trust . As every professional I 've ever asked has said , when a leader trusts them more than they expected , they step up to show the leader that they were worthy of her trust . Thus , if you work with professional people , i.e. , individuals who want to do a good job , trust them more -- odds are extremely good that they will step up and exert even more effort than they have before . Fourth , think of yourself as a mini-CEO . You are the leader of your team ; you are probably their most important contact in the firm . When you think of yourself as a mini-CEO , you should follow the first rule for a CEO : Walk the floor . Translated , this means being in touch with your team members and asking them how they are doing and how you can help make their jobs easier . They wo n't ask for a multi-million dollar piece of equipment and they 'll appreciate the personal attention . Not only that , if you provide them with resources that they can use to do their jobs better , they will be motivated to do even more -- and an appreciative light will shine on you . See also : Want be a leader ? Act like one The moral of this story is simple : People love to be trusted ; they dislike micro managers ; leaders are naturally programmed to be pro-active , and this can get in the way of effective performance . The conclusion : give yourself a break ; trust your team members more ; and realize that you can actually achieve more by doing less yourself . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of J. Keith Murnighan .	Murnighan : Leaders involved in every aspect of their work come across as micro managers He says it 's a leader 's competitive advantage to "  facilitate and orchestrate " Leaders must trust their teams to do what they can do well , Murnighan argues
CNN  -- American striker Clint Dempsey says the U.S. team has drawn confidence from impressive performances against Brazil , Spain and England but says Friday 's World Cup clash with Slovenia is a match his side can not afford to lose . Dempsey struck the lucky shot which slipped through England goalkeeper Robert Green 's hands to earn a 1-1 draw for the U.S. in its opening game of the World Cup last Saturday in South Africa . But the Americans played well to avoid defeat against one of the World Cup 's most highly fancied teams and Dempsey said the experience of reaching last year 's Confederations Cup final had given the American players the confidence to compete with the competition 's best sides . The U.S. team beat European champions Spain 2-0 in the semifinals of that tournament and led Brazil by two goals in the final before going down 3-2 to a late winner . "  Before the game  against England  , we knew that if we played our best , we would get a result out of the game and we did that at the Confederations Cup playing against the top teams , " Dempsey told CNN . Midfielder Michael Bradley also said the U.S. team had become "  battle hardened . " "  We 've had three or four years of playing against the best teams in the world . We 've gotten to the point where when we 've stepped onto the field against a team like England , there 's a sense of we 've been here before , " Bradley told CNN . "  We know what the game is going to be like and we know what we need to do to be successful . That mentality is going to take us where we want to go . " With the top two in the group advancing to the knockout stages , the U.S. and England are favorites to progress ahead of Slovenia and Algeria . But with Slovenia beating Algeria in their opening game , Dempsey said the U.S. could not afford to slip up against a team representing the smallest country to qualify for the finals . "  If we lose this game , potentially we 'll be out of the tournament , so we have to go out there and make sure that , yeah , we do take chances going forward but calculated risks , " said Dempsey . "  You ca n't just say ` everybody go because we 've got to post a win ' and be countered and get scored on . " Bradley , the son of U.S. coach Bob Bradley , said the American players would treat Slovenia with the same respect they showed England . "  The term favorites or underdogs ... these words , you guys use them but they 're not words that we use , " Bradley said . "  We had a lot of respect for England , we knew it was going to be a difficult game , and I can tell you we have a lot of respect for Slovenia and we know that will be a difficult game too . "	Michael Bradley says U.S. team is battle hardened after Confederations Cup U.S. earned 1-1 draw with England in opening World Cup match Clint Dempsey says U.S. ca n't afford to lose Friday 's game with Slovenia Dempsey : "  If we lose this game , potentially we 'll be out of the tournament "
CNN  -- The Scottish Highlands and Speyside region . The back roads of Kentucky and Tennessee . Suntory 's Yamazaki Distillery and Hakushu "  forest distillery . " For seekers of premium malts , these are some of the touchstones of whiskey travel . Now a new whiskey region is laying claim to world-class status . And at some distilleries , the youth movement is right out front and center . At age 26 , Jane Overeem has been tasting whiskey since she was 18 , primarily as a producer . She and her father , Casey Overeem , distill some of the world 's finest single malt whiskey in the garage of their suburban home in Hobart , capital of the Australian island state of Tasmania . In the terms of whiskey bragging rights , the Overeems have already hit the distiller 's sweet spot above 94 out of 100 -- the score needed to reach "  liquid gold " status in the ranking system used by international critic Jim Murray in his annual Whisky Bible . Tasmania has a solid share of the world 's single malt whiskeys that carry the "  liquid gold " tag -- a testament to the island 's pristine water , richly flavored brewing barley , highland peat and a favorable climate . Success on the global stage for names such as Overeem , Lark , Nant , Sullivans Cove and Hellyers Road has prompted a trickle of whiskey aficionados to drop into Tasmanian distilleries to taste the product and discuss firsthand with the makers their distinctive characteristics . And where single malt was once the preserve of the over-55 male , these days the buyers of $ 150-a-bottle premium whiskey are just as likely to be young and female . "  When I first started going to whiskey shows eight years ago , usually I was the only female , " says Overeem . "  Now it 's more like 50-50 men and women . " The world 's most southerly distillery Visitor interest has given rise to a nascent Tasmanian Whisky Trail  with a website that launched just this week  that runs from Burnie on the north coast of the island , through the picturesque central highlands to the lush valleys around Hobart . At the end of the trail visitors find the world 's most southerly distillery , William McHenry 's operation at Mount Arthur , on the fringe of the Tasman National Park . At 43 degrees south , there 's only the vast Southern Ocean between McHenry and the Antarctic . Some of these distilleries -- notably Hellyers Road at Burnie , Nant at Bothwell and Lark in the popular Hobart waterfront precinct -- have well established visitor centers and tasting bars . For the others , it 's best to make an appointment . Belgrove Distillery near Kempton is a one-man operation where sheep farmer , sand sculptor and occasional distiller Peter Bignell makes Australia 's only rye whiskey at the rate of one 100-liter barrel a month . "  I may be the greenest distiller in the world , " says Bignell . That 's not a reference to a lack of experience , but to the size of his carbon footprint . His rye is grown , malted , fermented , distilled , barreled and bottled on the property . There 's no transportation cost , no wasted heat to dry the malt and minimal water usage . This sort of boutique operation is a world away from the blended whiskeys that cater to the mass market , where brands such as Johnnie Walker , Jack Daniel 's , Jameson , Suntory and McDowell 's No. 1 Reserve dominate respectively for Scotch , American , Irish , Japanese and Indian whiskey . As Tasmania 's whiskey godfather Bill Lark describes it , making a single malt is a mixture of science , art and passion . The big oily barley he uses in his Lark Distillers Selection gives it a spicy , aromatic flavor that earned it the title of Australia 's best single malt whiskey in 2009 from the Malt Whisky Society of Australia . Growing global demand Sullivans Cove Distillery , based at Cambridge on the outskirts of Hobart , has won its share of awards and praise , including a 96.5 score from the revered Whisky Bible . But with output of just 20,000 liters a year , chief distiller Patrick Maguire says it 's difficult to meet domestic demand , let alone the numerous inquiries he gets from China and India . "  The right attitude for us is quality , " he says . "  We 're growing , but we 'll never be a giant distillery . " In the central highlands , where Nant Distillery operates Australia 's only water-powered mill to grist its barley , owner Keith Batt aims to make Nant a global brand through a network of whiskey bars . "  We have five whiskey bars now -- two in Brisbane , one each in Sydney , Melbourne and Hobart , and we 'll open a new one in London soon , " he says . "  My goal in five years is to have 70 bars around the world in cities like New York . "  We scored a gold medal and two silvers in Hong Kong in 2013 , so the China market is very attractive for us . " Batt says the highest rating Jim Murray has ever given is a 97.5 . "  We got a 95.5 for a three-year-old Nant . Our challenge is to find a 98 among our barrels , " he says . At Hellyers Road Distillery overlooking Bass Strait , Mark Littler runs Australia 's biggest whiskey distillery as a spinoff from the Betta Dairy Company . "  These are exciting times for us , " he says . "  In a blind tasting at Whisky Live in Paris a few months ago , we were named best New World single malt whiskey . " Hellyers Road hosts 25,000 visitors a year -- as part of the distillery tour , visitors can choose to fill and wax-seal their own bottle . At the other end of Tasmania , William McHenry 's X factor is the spring water that bubbles up from Mount Arthur . "  I came here for the pure water , to cool the spirit , " he says . "  It 's a very small operation , so I have to aim high . " Top Tasmanian whiskey distilleries Hellyers Road Distillery , 153 Old Surrey Road , Burnie ; +61 03 6433 0439 Nant Distillery , 254 Nant Lane , Bothwell ; +61 03 6259 5790 Belgrove Distillery , 3121 Midland Highway , Kempton ; +61 04 0914 4560 Redlands Estate , 759 Glenora Road , Plenty ; +61 03 6261 5728 Lark Distillery , 14 Davey St. , Hobart ; +61 03 6231 9088 Overeem Old Hobart Distillery , 37 Brightwater Road , Blackmans Bay ; +61 04 1839 9077 Sullivans Cove Tasmania Distillery , 1/14 Lamb Place , Cambridge ; +61 03 6248 5399 William McHenry & Sons Distillery , 229 Radnor Road , Port Arthur ; +61 03 6250 2533 Tasmanian Whisky Trail Geoff Hiscock is a former Asia business editor for CNN.com and is the author of "  Earth Wars : The Battle for Global Resources . " He lives near Sydney , Australia .	The Tasmanian Whisky Trail runs to the world 's most southerly distillery at Mount Arthur Belgrove Distillery 's Peter Bignell makes Australia 's only rye whiskey Demographics are changing . Buyers of $ 150 premium single malt whisky are just as likely to be young and female
Hundreds of thousands of protesters took to the streets of Paris on Sunday decrying the French president 's plan to legalize same-sex marriage and adoptions . They converged near the Eiffel Tower , chanting and waving flags , posters and balloons . "  I do not personally agree with gay marriage as I am a Christian and believe what the Bible says about marriage being between one woman and one man for a life time , " said CNN iReporter Oluwasegun Olowu-Davies , who shot video of the march with his phone . "  If your lifestyle does n't allow you to conceive , there is a reason , " he said . Extending the right to marry and adopt to same-sex couples was one of President Francois Hollande 's electoral pledges in campaigning last year . After his win , the Cabinet approved a draft bill that is expected to go before the National Assembly and Senate soon . It is likely to be voted on in February or March . If passed , it would mark the biggest step forward for French gay rights advocates in more than a decade . The plan faces stiff opposition from the Roman Catholic Church and social conservatives . Cardinal Andre Vingt-Trois , the archbishop of Paris , voiced his opposition at a meeting of French bishops in Lourdes last year . Same-sex marriage around the world Opening up marriage to same-sex couples "  would be a transformation of marriage that would affect everyone , " he said . At the same time , failing to recognize gender difference within marriage and the family would be a "  deceit " that would rock the foundations of society and lead to discrimination between children , he said . Other religious groups in France , including Muslims , Jews and Buddhists , have also expressed their concern over the draft bill , and more than 100 lawmakers are against the legislation , according to CNN affiliate BFMTV . Hundreds of mayors around the country have also voiced their opposition , which has won wide backing from gay rights advocates . The French gay , lesbian and transgender rights group Inter-LGBT said the law , if passed , "  would be a major advance for our country in terms of equality of rights . " Lawmakers have a "  unique opportunity " to put an end to outdated discrimination , the group said in a statement . "  The law must allow all couples to unite themselves as they wish and must protect all families , without discrimination on the grounds of sexual orientation or gender identity , " it said . A law legalizing civil unions was introduced in 1999 in France under a previous Socialist government . Known in France as the PACS  pacte civil de solidarite  , the civil union agreement can be entered into by gay or straight couples and confers many but not all of the rights of marriage .	A proposed bill would give same-sex couples new marriage and adoption rights French President Francois Hollande pledged new legislation while campaigning His plan faces stiff opposition from the Roman Catholic Church and social conservatives
SouthernLiving.com  -- We went on 19 tours -- that 's a lot of Charleston -- and then worked up this list of the five best ways to explore historic downtown . Palmetto Carriage Works Who it 's for : First-time visitors who want a 101 overview of downtown Charleston -- or anyone looking for a refresher course . Why we picked it : After we tried every carriage company in town , Palmetto stood out for its guides ' wit and historic accuracy . Southern Living tip : Palmetto offers free downtown parking . Take advantage of it : Arrive early and wander around the Market . Palmetto Carriage Works : carriagetour.com or 843 723-8145 ; $ 21 Your guide to Charleston hotels Culinary Tours of Charleston Who it 's for : Food Network addicts who dream of going behind-the-scenes and want to sample the dishes on Iron Chef . Why we picked it : The 2 1/2 - hour overview of Lowcountry dining combines tastings and chats with some of the city 's top chefs . Southern Living tip : The Chef 's Kitchen Tour is given Friday mornings . Plan it as a weekend kick-off -- it may inspire a reservation . Culinary Tours of Charleston : culinarytoursofcharleston.com or 843 722-8687 ; $ 42 Southern Living : "  Do n't - Miss " Charleston restaurants Tommy Dew 's Walking History Tour Who it 's for : History buffs who prefer edu-tainment over lectures . Get some exercise and make your history professor proud . Why we picked it : Tommy 's uniquely Southern view : "  It 's called the War Between the States ; there was nothing civil about it . " Southern Living tip : If you ca n't join Tommy live  the tour regularly sells out  , download his "  Charleston City Slicker " iPhone app . Tommy Dew 's Walking History Tour : onthemarkettours.com or 843 853-8687 ; $ 20 Southern Living : 1-minute escape -- Charleston Gullah Tours with Alphonso Brown Who it 's for : Anyone who 's interested in the African American perspective and a snapshot view of the Gullah culture . Why we picked it : Because Alphonso grew up in the Gullah community , he provides an invaluable insider 's perspective . Southern Living tip : Have cash ready to purchase samples of ironwork by the late renowned Gullah blacksmith Philip Simmons . Gullah Tours with Alphonso Brown : gullahtours.com or 843 763-7551 ; $ 18 Southern Living : Backroads guide to Carolina Lowcountry Chai Y' all Tours with Janice Kahn Who it 's for : Those who do n't know a shiksa from a yenta . Or those who want an immersion in local Jewish heritage . Why we picked it : Janice offers visits to such sites as Beth Elohim , the oldest synagogue in continuous use in the country . Southern Living tip : Talk to Janice beforehand about your specific interests . Her shtick is all about tailoring stops to your whims . Chai Y' all Tours with Janice Kahn : 843 556-0664 ; call for prices  two-person minimum Get the best of the South delivered - recipes , decorating ideas and travel tips . Sign up for our weekly newsletter . Copyright 2011 Southern Living magazine . All rights reserved .	Explore historic downtown Charleston by taking a city tour Palmetto Carriage Works offers a nice overview for first-timers Chai Y' all and Gullah Tours offer two very different cultural immersion experiences
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Afghanistan 's reputation as the world 's leading narcotics supplier is well-known , but in a squalid ruin in Kabul , the country hides a darker secret -- a huge home grown drug addiction problem now on the brink of fueling an HIV/AIDS epidemic . Junkies smoking heroin can get high for $ 4 . Here junkies lie in their own filth , wasted limbs poking out of blood-spattered clothing as they blank out the abject misery of their surroundings . In one room , a veritable narcotics bazaar offers pills and drug paraphernalia -- with hits retailing at less than $ 4 . One user claims he has been an addict for 22 years , although it is difficult to talk to any of the dazed and ragged occupants of the drug rooms . The atmosphere is edgy and -- as thick clouds of burning opium fill the air -- dizzyingly toxic . The Kabul den is just the tip of the iceberg in a country awash with narcotics . The government estimates the number of addicts in Afghanistan could be as many as five percent of its 25 million people . Watch Nic Robertson 's report from the ` house of hopelessness ' " And though nascent efforts are being made to tackle the problem , chronic funding shortfalls have prompted the United Nations to warn that drug use will escalate , potentially driving an HIV/AIDS crisis as junkies move from smoking to high risk needle-sharing . Afghanistan has always been a major narcotics supplier -- responsible for 95 percent of the world 's heroin -- although this was scaled back under the rule of the Taliban , which outlawed poppy cultivation and imposed strict penalties for drug users . Since 2001 , when the extremist regime was ousted by a U.S.-led invasion that installed President Hamid Karzai , production has doubled . And for many in the country still mired in poverty and conflict , these cheap drugs offer a tempting escape . The last United Nations survey of Afghanistan 's drug problem four years ago estimated the country 's addicts to number about 200,000 . According to Afghan Counter Narcotics Minister Khodaidad , the figure is now far greater . "  More than 1.2 million people in Afghanistan are addicts . It 's a very huge number and every year it increases , " he told CNN . Khodaidad says the Afghan government is largely powerless to control the production of opium while Taliban extremists , who now control and draw funding from drug crops , control cultivation areas despite major international military efforts to push them back . "  We did very little due to weakness of governors , due to insurgents , due to pressure of terrorism in the area , " he added . "  We do n't have sufficient law enforcement agencies -- the police , the border security force , and other special forces to control this area -- so it will take time . " But , says Jean-Luc Lemahieu , head of the UN 's Office on Drugs and Crime  UNODC  in Kabul , time is something Afghanistan does not have . As intravenous drug use takes hold , raising the prospect of needle sharing , he says HIV/AIDS will follow quickly . "  The little data we have at the moment are very alarming , " he told CNN . "  They tell us that we should not wait longer and if not , this country will be saddled with another burden it just can not afford . "  I think it is already happening today . We have seen , now , a few HIV/AIDS cases . Hopefully we can contain the problem , although it is unlikely given the problems with the health structures . " The U.N. has begun a program to detox users willing to get off drugs in Afghanistan . A renovated warehouse in Kabul offers hope to 100 addicts in the biggest facility of its kind in the country . Watch Robertson go inside the detox clinic " In the center 's clean , bare rooms , shaven-headed junkies tremble under blankets as they go through the agonizing cold turkey of weaning their ravaged bodies off drug dependency . Therapy sessions also help motivate them to kick their deadly habit . "  Here we deal with the problem from a humanitarian perspective , not from an addiction perspective , to save lives , " says Jehan Zeb Khan , UNODC program manager . But says Khan , with what little funding there is now dwindling fast , the salvation offered to these lucky few may be short lived -- they will be forced back out on the streets , where more opium dens will flourish , bringing yet more misery for Afghanistan .	Government officials say 1.2 million Afghans are now addicted to drugs United Nations says growing drug use could lead to HIV/AIDS crisis Efforts to combat drug use suffering from chronic lack of funds
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- A young boy dressed in women 's clothing , his face caked in make-up , dances the night away for a crowd of men . The bells on his feet chime away , mimicking the entertainment and sexual appeal of female dancers . But there is no mistaking his pubescent body and face as he concentrates , focusing on every step in order to please his master and his master 's guests . This all played out in a video that CNN obtained from a person involved in the parties . The boy is but one youth among many throughout the country forced into an age-old underground tradition known as "  bacha bazi , " or "  boy play , " in which young boys are taken from their families , made to dance and used as sex slaves by powerful men . The number of boys involved is unknown -- the practice has been going on for centuries , in a country where such practices are overshadowed by conflict and war . "  It 's pretty much unappreciated by -LSB- the -RSB- society , unaccepted and illegal , " said Mohammad Musa Mahmodi of the Afghan Independent Human Rights Commission , one of the few organizations in the country working to end "  bacha bazi . " Islamic scholars have denounced "  bacha bazi " as immoral but the practice continues in Afghanistan , where the government is in the throes of an increasingly bloody battle with insurgent Taliban militants and is also working to recover from decades of conflict . The abuse stays on the backburner of issues in Afghanistan . People are aware of it , but they do n't really talk about it . Almost everyone in the country is coping with some level of injustice , and they are just trying to survive . It is widely known among the population that , most of the time it is commanders , high-ranking officials and their friends who partake in the abuse of the boys . "  It continues because of the culture of impunity and lack of legal provision against this practice , " Mahmodi explained . Farhad ,19 , and Jamel , 20 , are two grown dancers who were forced into "  bacha bazi " about five years ago . Farhad was 13 when his older neighbor tricked him into coming to his home . He was made to watch a sex tape and then raped . After the brutal assault , he was taken to another location where he was locked up and used as a sex slave for five months . "  I got used to him , " Farhad said , trying to explain why he stayed with his neighbor after the traumatizing experience . "  He would sometimes take me to parties , and sometimes other places . I was with him all the time , " he said . In Afghan society the victims of rape and assault -- both male and female -- are often persecuted and punished rather than the perpetrator . The shame forces boys like Farhad to continue in leading such lifestyles , even when they have the chance to break away . Jamel , Farhad 's friend and dance partner , is now married but he was the "  bacha bereesh " -- or "  boy without a beard " -- of a powerful warlord who has since left the country . He said the only reason he continues to dance is to provide for his younger brothers and sisters . "  I make them study , dress them , feed them . Any money I make I spend on my family . I do n't want them to be like this , be like me , " he said , brushing his shoulder length hair away from his eyes , framing his thin oval face . Farhad and Jamel say their families know what is going on now but are powerless to stop it -- in fact they need the money and income they make . Both Jamel and Farhad look and act more like women than men , a trait that can be deadly in Afghanistan 's male-dominated society . Even the police ca n't be counted on for protection . Farhad said that he was taken from a party by four police officers one night and almost gang raped at the station Before their commander walked in and stopped the assault . But then , "  He said if I wanted to be set free I should give him my money and my mobile , " Farhad said . "  I had no real choice , so I gave him my money and mobile . " The boys said they are continuously threatened , beaten and raped by men who attend the parties they dance at ; parties fueled by alcohol and drugs . "  The nights we go out , we are scared , " said , Jamel , who is the more talkative of the pair and the one who more resembles a woman . "  We always think about how we will be able to get out without someone attacking us . " Despite the dangers , they continue to dance , making $ 30 for the night -- a night that usually ends in assault -- because they say it is the only thing they know and their only way to make money . There are no opportunities in Afghanistan for people like them . And once branded as men who danced as women , there is no turning back . "  We are not happy with this line of work , " Jamel said . "  We say that it would be better if God could just kill us rather than living like this . "	Young boys in Afghanistan are used as sex slaves through "  bacha bazi " or "  boy play " Human rights group : Problem is not appreciated or accepted by society Issue has very little profile in a country torn apart by war and conflict One teen was 13 when his neighbor made him watch a sex tape , then raped him
CNN  -- When Eman al-Obeidy approached journalists last week at Tripoli 's Rixos Hotel , she did more than accuse Moammar Gadhafi 's men of rape . She also became the face of the anti-Gadhafi movement . Since the highly publicized incident , which ended with a hysterical al-Obeidy being whisked away by government minders , the 29-year-old lawyer from Tobruk has been celebrated as a symbol of Libyan defiance . "  Many Libyans I know online on social media are holding up Eman al-Obeidy as a hero , " said Mona Eltahawy , an Egyptian-born journalist who writes columns on Arab and Muslim issues . "  And many people across the region -- Egyptians , Syrians --  are  demanding to know where she is and fearing for her life . " A day after al-Obeidy was taken into custody , a spokesman for the Libyan government said she had been released . He also said her report -- that she was kidnapped and gang-raped by 15 of Gadhafi 's men -- would be investigated . But nobody close to al-Obeidy , including her family , has heard from her since her reported release . Even if she is soon confirmed to be safe and sound , one could say the damage has already been done to Gadhafi 's regime . Al-Obeidy 's capture and detention added fuel to the Libyan opposition by garnering global sympathy for its cause . Facebook pages and Twitter feeds from around the world have continually paid tribute to al-Obeidy and made her a rallying cry for revolution . "  Everyone can see the expression , almost in real time , of the face of this woman being yanked by Gadhafi 's security and alleging rape , which is very powerful , " said Jamal Dajani , vice president of Middle East and North Africa for the Internews Network . "  And they can relate to how brave she was to ... put her story forward . " Al-Obeidy might be the latest symbol of Arab unrest , but she is far from the first . Iconic figures have also emerged in other countries : -- In Egypt , Wael Ghonim helped mobilize Egypt 's youth and force out President Hosni Mubarak , who had led the country since 1981 . Ghonim , a 30-year-old Google executive , played a key role in organizing the anti-government protests in January . He was detained for 10 days by the government , but when he was released he became even more vocal , sitting down for media interviews and addressing thousands of demonstrators at Cairo 's Tahrir Square . -- Before Ghonim in Egypt , there was fruit vendor Mohammed Bouazizi in Tunisia . Bouazizi , 26 , kick-started the entire Arab upheaval after he lit himself on fire , protesting his humiliating treatment at the hands of the local government . Less than two weeks after his death , Tunisian President Zine el Abedine Ben Ali had resigned in the wake of massive public protests . "  Everyone tells me when I go there , ` If there were no Muhammed Bouazizi , none of this would have happened , ' " Dajani said . -- And even before the recent wave of unrest , there were the 2009 protests of the Iranian election . Neda Agha-Soltan , 26 , became the rallying point of the protesters ' struggle when she was fatally shot during the government 's crackdown . Her death was captured on video and aired worldwide . "  When we look back , we tend to associate specific causes and struggles with individuals and particular moments , " said Nader Hashemi , an assistant professor at the Josef Korbel School of International Studies at the University of Denver . "  In the case of Egypt , for example , Wael Ghomin represents ... the core of the Egyptian democratic revolution that toppled Mubarak . When we think of him , details are not required . His name tells the story of an entire people and political cause . " The importance of having a ` face ' The mass media and new technologies have played a tremendous role in creating these icons , Dajani said , and their influence can not be overstated . "  If this would have happened 20 years ago , when we did not have satellite TV , when we did not have Facebook , when we did not have Twitter -- when we were dependent on the government-controlled media to report on the story -- then Mohammed Bouazizi would have died in vain and hardly anyone would have heard about him , " he said . Dajani said that when he first started working in journalism , there were fewer than 100 satellite television stations in the Arab world . "  Now there are 750 , " he said . "  Three years ago , there were 400 . So the governments ... they 've lost control -LSB- of the message -RSB- pretty much all over the Middle East . " The exception to that might be in countries that heavily restrict foreign media , such as Iran and Syria . The death of Neda Agha-Soltan was n't caught on television cameras -- it was captured by a cell phone . And despite the impact of her death in inspiring protest , the Iranian government was eventually able to quell the dissent . Nick Roberts , an assistant professor of history at the University of the South in Sewanee , Tennessee , said "  having someone as a face of a revolution is nothing new . " He pointed to historic figures such as Maximilien Robespierre in France , Vladimir Lenin in Russia and Che Guevara in Cuba . "  But the importance of having an immediate face for the revolution seems to be increasing in an age of 24-7 internet and television media coverage , " he said . It also helps mobilize the public quickly and efficiently , Hashemi said . "  Successful revolutions require some form of mass mobilization to challenge established power , " he said . "  These stories and individuals can inspire millions of people to sacrifice themselves and to take the necessary risks that are needed to push forward a political cause . "  Authoritarian regimes remain in power due to fear and political apathy . If this can be overcome , change becomes possible . " The power of one story can not be underestimated , said John Robertson , a professor of Middle Eastern history at Central Michigan University . He experienced it himself when he was a student protesting the Vietnam War . "  I remember that one of the things that got us even more loudly into the streets was what we really saw as the martyrdom for Kent State students who were shot down in 1970 , " Robertson said . "  I remember so many of us walking around just infuriated and determined to work even harder to oppose  President  Nixon . ... In our minds ,  these protesters  became sort of symbols for us of the need to be willing , if need be , to sacrifice yourself for a greater cause . " Robertson has been paying close attention to the "  Arab spring , " discussing the latest developments on his blog and analyzing the politics in play . With civil unrest festering in countries such as Bahrain , Syria and Yemen , he expects more new faces to come to the forefront . "  It 's going to be a very , very different era about to open up , " he said . "  And there may be , as part of that , new heroes who are going to be emerging . "  People need heroes , and people often seize upon very unlikely heroes like Mohammed Bouazizi . You never know who it 's going to be next . "	Alleged rape victim Eman al-Obeidy has become the public face of Libyan defiance The revolution movements in Egypt , Tunisia and Iran have also had their own iconic figures Experts say that all it takes is one powerful story to mobilize the public and inspire change The growth of satellite TV and the internet has had a major role in creating recent icons
CNN  -- At least six people were dead and one critically injured Sunday after a midair crash between two medical helicopters near a hospital in Arizona , authorities said . Rescue workers sift through wreckage from two medical helicopters that collided midair Sunday afternoon . The collision , at Flagstaff Medical Center in Flagstaff , Arizona , set fire to a 10-acre area , according to fire officials , and another two rescue workers were injured by a secondary explosion after the crash . The helicopters collided at roughly 3:45 p.m. local time , according to the Federal Aviation Administration . "  As you can imagine , we 've got lots of heaps of metal to go through , " said Capt. Mark Johnson of the Flagstaff Fire Department . "  It 's just difficult right now . " He said a landing pad on the roof of the hospital is used by medical helicopters . Federal Aviation Authority officials originally had reported at least seven deaths and three critical injuries , but they revised those numbers after investigators spent more time on the scene . Flagstaff Police Department Sgt. Tom Boughner said the two rescue workers were not immediately believed to be seriously injured . He said the helicopters crashed into a wooded area near a neighborhood and that no one on the ground was believed to have been injured or killed in the crash . He said the fire had been contained by Sunday evening . FAA spokesman Ian Gregor said at least one of those killed in the collision was a patient . He said three of those killed , including the patient , were aboard a Bell 407 helicopter operated by Air Methods Corporation , an air medical service provider . The other helicopter , operated by Classic Helicopter Service of Utah , also was a Bell 407 . The other four victims , including the one critically injured , were on that helicopter . Both helicopters were headed to the hospital at the time of the crash , Gregor said . FAA safety inspectors from Phoenix , Arizona , were en route to the scene Sunday , and additional inspectors from Washington were expected to arrive Monday morning . The National Transportation Safety Board will lead a probe into the crash , Gregor said .	NEW : Six killed includes one patient ; one critically injured Collision sets fire to 10-acre area near Arizona 's Flagstaff Medical Center "  We 've got lots of heaps of metal to go through , " fire captain says
Detained American Alan Gross told his wife and daughter something they were n't expecting during a recent visit in Cuba : Goodbye . "  Our daughter , Nina , was unprepared to see how gaunt and physically frail her father has become . And his decision to say goodbye to us was wrenching , " Judy Gross said in a statement released Monday . The former U.S. Agency for International Development subcontractor , who 's been imprisoned for nearly five years , is refusing to see visitors from the U.S. Interests Section in Havana , the statement said . "  Alan has withdrawn , and he told me that his life in prison is not a life worth living , " said Scott Gilbert , Gross 's attorney . Gross , 65 , is serving a 15-year sentence for bringing satellite communications equipment to Cuba as part of his work as a subcontractor for the U.S. Agency for International Development . He was convicted in March 2011 . U.S. officials said Gross was merely trying to help Cubans bypass the island 's stringent restrictions on Internet access . But Cuban authorities say Gross was part of a plot to create "  a Cuban spring " and destabilize the island 's single-party communist government . A letter to U.S. President Barack Obama from 300 rabbis across the United States Monday called for the U.S. government to negotiate his release , describing the situation as "  increasingly urgent . " "  Alan went to Cuba on behalf of our government . His immediate release from prison in Cuba and return to the U.S. must be a priority for our nation , " the letter says . "  Indeed , we believe this is a moral imperative . " Asked Monday about reports that Gross had refused to meet with the new head of the U.S. mission in Havana , State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said she could n't provide details due to privacy restrictions . "  Absent written authorization , there 's really not more information I can share about those specific reports , " she said . U.S. officials have repeatedly pushed for Gross 's freedom , she told reporters . "  We keep his case at the forefront of discussions with the Cuban government , make clear the importance the United States places on his welfare , and we engage also with a range of our foreign counterparts at the highest levels and urge them to advocate for his release , " she said . "  So we urgently reiterate our call for the Cuban government to release him immediately . " Last month Judy Gross told CNN that her husband had reached his breaking point . In April , Gross went on a hunger strike to protest the lack of progress between the United States and Cuba over his case . Gross finally heeded his mother Evelyn 's request to end the protest . Last month , Evelyn Gross died from cancer . Cuban officials denied his request to attend her funeral . "  Alan 's emotional deterioration has been severe , " Gilbert said Monday , "  and his mother 's lingering and painful death has only accelerated this . " After Bergdahl , will U.S. and Cuba make swap involving Alan Gross ? Other detained Americans	State Department : "  We urgently reiterate our call ... to release him " "  His decision to say goodbye to us was wrenching , " Judy Gross says Attorney : Alan Gross "  has withdrawn , " says life in prison not worth living Rabbis to Obama : Negotiating his release is a "  moral imperative "
NEW YORK  CNN  -- I like it when I 'm right , especially about naked men . Especially about naked cowboys . A federal judge 's opinion includes side-by-side photos of the key players in The Naked Cowboy case . When I wrote in April that the lawsuit filed by Robert Burck "  may be the end of the era of the "  naked " cowboy and predicted he would be able to afford some "  very nice duds , " my fellow lawyers laughed at me . One close friend -- let 's call him Larry -- said as he snickered , "  I read your article . You ca n't be serious . You really think that the Naked Cowboy is going to cash in ? Well , I predict he is going to get thrown out of court . If he does n't , maybe I will start walking around my office in my tighty whities . " Last week , U.S. District Court Judge Denny Chin did n't throw the cowboy from his steed . In fact , in a lengthy decision , Judge Chin ruled against the makers of M&M s , rejecting Mars , Inc. 's attempt to dismiss the Cowboy 's lawsuit . And it seems that Judge Chin has a sense of humor . On the first page of his decision , the judge pasted photos of the litigating parties side by side and wrote , "  This is the case of The Naked Cowboy versus The Blue M&M . " And what a case it is . Burck sued Mars in April for $ 6 million in federal court in New York . The central allegation : trademark infringement under the Lanham Act , arising from a video billboard for M&M s. Most people , and maybe Mars , thought the Cowboy was just a kooky street entertainer dressed in his underwear . However , I 've spoken to Mr. Cowboy , I mean , Mr. Burke , and he did n't seem kooky to me at all . In fact , he seemed kinda smart . Even Judge Chin recognized that The Naked Cowboy is no ordinary street entertainer . Although he performs in New York City 's Times Square in little more than underwear and a smile , he has registered trademarks to "  The Naked Cowboy " name and likeness . And he does n't just sing in Times Square . He has a Web site http://www.nakedcowboy.com/ with his modeling photos and has a link to nakedcowboy.tv . You can download his music on iTunes . You can buy his tighty whities from his online store for $ 15 . He even has a podcast . Judge Chin observed that "  Burck has appeared as The Naked Cowboy in various television shows , movies , and video games . He has also licensed his name and likeness to companies for endorsements and advertisements . He even appeared in a Chevrolet commercial that aired during Super Bowl XLI . Judge Chin then explained that "  beginning in April 2007 , Mars began running an animated cartoon advertisement on two oversized video billboards in Times Square , featuring a blue M&M dressed "  exactly like The Naked Cowboy , " wearing only a white cowboy hat , cowboy boots , and underpants , and carrying a guitar . " And get this -- the video "  played on a continuous loop every few minutes over a nine-month period . " Mars tried to defend itself by arguing that the Blue M&M was just a parody of the Cowboy and was protected under the First Amendment . Although imitation is supposed to be the sincerest form of flattery , Judge Chin did n't agree with M&M 's parody argument . Rather , Judge Chin thought it was a question for a jury to decide and wrote that the complaint "  plausibly argues that consumers would believe that the M&M Cowboy characters were promoting a product rather than merely parodying The Naked Cowboy , and that viewers would believe that The Naked Cowboy had endorsed M&M s. " Then Judge Chin ordered the lawyers to appear in his courtroom for a pretrial conference on July 11 at noon . High Noon . That Judge Chin makes me laugh . Round One to the Cowboy . Larry , maybe you should start walking around the office in your tighty whities .	Federal judge rejects M&M s maker 's parody defense He notes that The Naked Cowboy , aka Robert Burck , registered his trademark Burck is suing Mars Inc. , the maker of M&M s , for copyright infringement Case involves guitar-slinging blue M&M in cowboy hat , white underpants
CareerBuilder.com  -- While there certainly have been positive indicators for employment in 2011 -- The National Association of Colleges and Employers says employers plan to hire 13.5 percent more new college graduates in 2011 than in 2010 , and the Federal Reserve predicts that in 2011 , the unemployment rate may drop below 9 percent for the first time since April of 2009 -- the job market will continue to be competitive this year . But pursuing certain occupations will surely provide job seekers with a more fortunate and fruitful return than others . If you 're looking for a new job this year , consider honing your skills and applying to a job in one of these 10 occupations , all of which are expected to experience growth this year , and pay more than the national average salary of $ 43,460 . 1 . Accountant Not only is accounting projected to experience large growth through 2018 , but accounting is consistently among the bachelor 's degree most desired by employers , and is the No. 1 bachelor 's degree employers will be looking for in 2011 , according to NACE . Salary : $ 59,229 * 2 . Web developer As the world becomes more dependent on technology , we also become more dependent on those who create it . According to The Conference Board , at the end of 2010 , the number of advertised vacancies for computer and mathematical science professionals were at their highest since April 2008 . Salary : $ 87,553 CareerBuilder.com : Keep your eyes on solar companies 3 . Occupational therapist Occupational therapists help patients regain mental and physical function lost to such causes as arthritis , stroke , cancer or dementia , and will become more in demand as baby boomers age and create a larger elderly population . Salary : $ 69,428 4 . Sales manager Since good salespeople directly contribute to a company 's bottom line , they will be a crucial part of the corporate rebuilding process in the next year . The key role salespeople have in keeping business booming also makes the job more stable in uncertain times . Salary : $ 111,472 5 . Computer software engineer According to the BLS , employment for computer software engineers is expected to grow 32 percent between 2008 and 2018 . Salary : $ 96,712 CareerBuilder.com : Get the most from a fall-back job 6 . Truck driver In 2008 , truck drivers held more than 3.2 million jobs , making the profession one of the largest in the country . The demand for goods and the need to ship them is not slowing down , either . Nearly 292,000 jobs will be created by 2018 , according to the BLS . Salary : $ 45,095 7 . Registered nurse As the overall population grows , so will our need for nurses that can provide quality care . Additionally , large numbers of nurses are expected to retire in the coming decade , leaving plenty of room for those entering the profession . Salary : $ 72,271 8 . Dental hygienist The profession is considered one of the fastest growing by the BLS . It 's expected to grow by nearly 63,000 jobs through 2018 , a 36 percent increase over 2008 . Salary : $ 75,164 CareerBuilder.com : 7 things you should never say in an interview 9 . Financial adviser The recession has wreaked havoc on personal finances . From those who lost equity in their homes or investment properties , to others who wiped out savings accounts or tapped into retirement funds , Americans will be looking to get their finances back on track this year . As baby boomers begin to retire , the need for financial advisers will only increase . Salary : $ 76,688 10 . Physical therapist assistant According to the BLS , physical therapist assistants held nearly twice as many jobs in 2008 than physical therapists , and the profession is supposed to grow much faster than average through 2018 . Because training is relatively minimal  only an associate 's degree is usually required  and pay is good , it 's a great option for those looking for a career change . Salary : $ 48,250 * All salary information provided by CBSalary.com . & copy CareerBuilder.com 2011 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority .	Pursuing certain occupations will provide job seekers with a better return than others Accounting is the No. 1 bachelor 's degree employers will be looking for in 2011 Physical therapist assistant is a great option for those looking for a career change
CNN  -- Gas prices dropped nearly 33 cents in the past two weeks , dipping below $ 2 for the first time since March 2005 , a national survey said Sunday . This station in Rio Vista , California , had gas prices below $ 2 on November 19 . The average price of self-serve , unleaded gasoline on Friday in the United States was $ 1.97 , said Trilby Lundberg , publisher of the Lundberg Survey . The last time the price was below $ 2 was on March 4 , 2005 , she said . The all-time high average was $ 4.11 , set on July 11 , according to Lundberg , and prices have been dropping ever since . "  The rate of decline has slowed somewhat , but it is still dramatic at 33 cents in two weeks , " she said . Diesel prices averaged $ 2.93 on Friday , slumping under $ 3 for the first time since September 2007 , she said . Lundberg attributed the price reductions to a drop in crude oil prices and demand , and also because of low refining margins . Watch thrilled customers enjoy cheaper gas " "  Crude oil remains -LSB- the -RSB- main driver , " for the decline , she said , noting that crude oil futures settled on Friday below $ 50 . Demand is always low in November , she said , but the weakening economy is reducing it further . However , Lundberg said that if crude oil prices do not fall further , "  then the end of this -LSB- gasoline -RSB- price crash is either here or near . " The Lundberg Survey is based on responses from more than 5,000 service stations nationwide . On Friday , drivers in St. Louis , Missouri , paid the least at the pump -- $ 1.61 -- while drivers in Honolulu , Hawaii , and Anchorage , Alaska , paid the most , at $ 2.81 . Here are average prices in other cities : • Detroit , Michigan -- $ 1.76 • Houston , Texas -- $ 1.78 • Atlanta , Georgia -- $ 1.88 • Boston , Massachusetts -- $ 2.01 • Chicago , Illinois -- $ 2.10 • Washington -- $ 2.19 • Los Angeles , California -- $ 2.22	Average price in U.S. is below $ 2 for first time since March 2005 , survey says All-time high average -- $ 4.11 -- was set four months ago Average price dropped 33 cents in the past two weeks Survey : Diesel prices are under $ 3 for the first time since September 2007
Shanghai  CNN  -- Like many companies in China , Fu Shou Yuan uses celebrities to attract clients . Except , in this case , they 're dead . That 's because they 're in the funeral business . "  We have 700 celebrities here -- military martyrs , politicians , opera stars , and actors , " explains Jason Wu , the manager of the company 's flagship cemetery -- an immaculately manicured parkland setting on the outskirts of Shanghai -- as he shows me around in a stretch golf cart . He says this star-power is attracting ordinary clients and their families looking for an extra special resting place for their loved ones . Hot offering After 20 years in the business , Fu Shou Yuan , which operates six cemeteries across China , went public in Hong Kong in December . It was one of the hottest offerings of the quarter , with respected institutional U.S. investors like The Carlyle Group buying in early . Why the hype ? Put plainly , China is n't getting any younger . That 's bad news for most of the world 's economy . The lasting effects of the one child policy and natural demographic trends as China gets richer have shaved as much as 3 % off of China 's growth rates , according to a recent study by Citigroup economists . But with more than 180 million people over the age of 60 , Fu Shou Yuan gains were others ' losses . "  We ca n't refer to it as a death boom , " says managing director Wang Jisheng . "  The fact is , at the end of this trend , elderly people will die . But when they leave the world , they have a wish to be remembered , and that leaves us to provide them a good service . " Bespoke service To deliver that service , Fu Shou Yuan appears to be employing a classic strategy of vertical integration . If you ca n't make it over to pay your respects , no problem . A grave attendant will put flowers out for you -- for a fee . You need a statue of grandpa ? They have in-house sculptors kneading away at clay busts for casting . "  One client wanted changes made for three years until it was perfect , " Wang says . There is even a restaurant on site if you want a banquet while paying your respects -- specializing in Shanghai 's famed lion 's head meatballs . "  When you buy a plot , it is just the first step , " says Wu , walking among the perfectly manicured lawns and polished headstones . "  People even come here to get wedding pictures taken . " Taboo Chinese couples cavorting around a cemetery in their wedding duds was unthinkable a few years ago , but times are changing . While death is still taboo among older generations , Wang says it 's becoming less of an issue as China opens up and more people migrate to urban areas . So they focus on clients from top-tier cities . "  The cities are transforming and during the process of urbanization , there is a great demand for a quality burial service to serve the needs of city dwellers , " he explains . But to target city clients , Fu Shou Yuan faces severe cost challenges . Land costs near Shanghai alone have risen to such eye-watering levels that even a tiny patch of land for a grave can cost tens of thousands of dollars . The space issue has also gotten so bad that the Shanghai government has increased subsidy rates to try persuade people to bury relatives at sea . So , from traditional south-facing tombs in neat rows , Fu Shou Yuan now puts grave-stones in semi-circles to maximize space . There is also a multistorey mausoleum in the grounds housing a variety of themed rooms where families can place their urn alongside items such as chocolate , photos and even cell phones -- items their relatives may need in the afterlife . These rooms are accessed via a hotel-style key card . We drive up to a grassy hill with a white statue of iconic pop star Teresa Teng . The late singer 's most famous songs play in a loop from the memorial . It 's one of their major draws . "  They secured clothing from her family and shipped it from Taiwan to bury here , " a worker tells us . "  To change people 's traditions is very , very difficult , " says Wu . "  But it 's not impossible . "	Fu Shou Yuan operates six cemeteries across China The company attracts business by marketing its celebrity "  clientele " It went public in Hong Kong in December , one of the hottest offerings of the quarter It is benefiting from fact China has more than 180 million people over the age of 60
Washington  CNN  -- The suicide bomber who killed seven CIA officials and a Jordanian military officer last week in Afghanistan was a Jordanian double-agent , a former U.S. intelligence official told CNN Monday . The bomber was a source who came to the base camp in Khost near the Pakistan border for a meeting on December 30 , a senior U.S. official also confirmed . The man had been used by both countries ' intelligence services in the past , and had provided information about high-value targets , the senior U.S. official said . "  Yes , it was a joint U.S.-Jordanian source who had provided over the period of his cooperation a lot of very detailed good information that was of high interest at the most senior levels of the U.S government , " the former U.S. intelligence official said . The security breach occurred because the bomber was met off-base by U.S. intelligence officials who failed to search him before they put him in a car and drove him onto Forward Operating Base Chapman , the former intelligence official said . Both the Jordanian and U.S. intelligence services believed the man was loyal , according to the former intelligence official . "  Clearly there is a lot of soul searching " at CIA headquarters in Virginia , according to the former intelligence official . The bomber was identified as Human Khalil Abu-Mulal al Balawi , from the Jordanian town of Zarqa , also home to the late Abu Musab al Zarqawi , the one-time leader of Al Qaeda in Iraq , the former intelligence official said . Both the Jordanian and U.S. intelligence agencies apparently believed al Balawi had been rehabilitated from extremist views and were using him to hunt Ayman al Zawahiri , the second-ranking al Qaeda official to Osama bin Laden , the former intelligence official said . Jordanian intelligence services have long covertly cooperated with the United States , specifically in the hunt for al Zawahiri and bin Laden , because of the ability of Jordanian agents to blend into the al Qaeda organization , noted the former intelligence official . Also killed in last week 's attack in Afghanistan was Jordanian Army Captain Sharif Ali bin Zeid , a cousin of King Abdullah of Jordan . The Jordanian government has not publicly commented on the specific circumstances of bin Zeid 's death , but U.S. sources confirmed bin Zeid was present and was the Jordanian operative working closely with al Balawi . The CIA refused to comment Monday , saying the matter was under investigation . The bodies of the seven CIA employees were flown to Dover Air Force Base in Delaware to a private ceremony attended by CIA Director Leon Panetta , other agency and national security officials , and friends and family . A Jordanian official who did not want to be identified said bin Zeid "  was killed on Wednesday in the line of duty as he was taking part in a humanitarian mission carried out by the Jordan Armed Forces in Afghanistan . " The Jordanian official added : "  Jordan 's position in the war on terror is clear ; we are fully committed to fighting al Qaeda , which is a threat to Jordan as it is a threat to the United States . We are also committed to continuing our cooperation with the United States and the international community in the fight against terror and in defeating al Qaeda . " In a posting on its Web site last week , the Taliban in Afghanistan claimed the bomber was an Afghan National Army soldier . On Sunday , however , Pakistani Taliban chief Hakimullah Mehsud said in an e-mail that "  we claim the responsibility for the attack on the CIA in Afghanistan . " "  The suicide bomber was a Jordanian national . This will be admitted by the CIA and the Jordanian government " the message said . The attack occurred at a forward operating base , which a U.S. intelligence official acknowledged was a crucial CIA post and a "  hub of activity . " The main purpose of CIA forward operating bases in Afghanistan , officials have noted , is to recruit informants and to plan and coordinate covert operations , including drone surveillance and targeting . The attack was "  a huge blow , symbolically and tactically , " because it eliminated such a large number of CIA officers , who can require years to become ingrained in the region , said Reva Bhalla , director of analysis for STRATFOR -- an international intelligence company . In addition , the attack showed the ability of the Taliban to penetrate perhaps the most difficult of targets -- a CIA base , she said . Former CIA official Robert Richer called it "  the greatest loss of life for the Central Intelligence Agency since the Beirut Embassy bombing " in 1983 , which killed eight agents . An American intelligence official vowed last week that the United States would avenge the attack . Two of those killed were contractors with private security firm Xe , formerly known as Blackwater , a former intelligence official told CNN . The CIA considers contractors to be officers . On Sunday , a local administration official and an intelligence official told CNN that two guided missiles struck a compound in the Pakistani village of Musaki in North Waziristan suspected of being a gathering place for local and foreign militants . The attack killed Sadiq Noor , a teacher ; his 9-year-old son ; and three people from outside the country , according to the sources , who said the missiles were believed to have been fired by an unmanned drone . There was no immediate U.S. confirmation of the missile attack .	U.S. official : Man had been used by U.S. , Jordan for intelligence services Source says man had given "  very detailed good information that was of high interest " Former official : Bomber was met off-base by U.S. officials who failed to search him Man killed seven CIA officials and a Jordanian military officer last week in Afghanistan
CNN  -- It was the longest game in Premier League history , and Saturday 's unconvincing victory must have lasted an eternity for Manchester City manager Roberto Mancini and the disgruntled fans of the big-spending English club . Last season the Italian was a hero as he guided City to a first league title in 44 years , but with a second successive early Champions League exit imminent following Wednesday 's defeat at Ajax , his future does not seem so certain . Criticized for tactics that his players apparently could not understand , Mancini made more changes for the match at home to Swansea -- but a lackluster first half ended to the sound of booing from the stands . Carlos Tevez , last season 's enfant terrible after going AWOL following his feud with Mancini , came to the manager 's rescue after being pulled back to a deeper striking role . The Argentine netted the only goal of the game , his first since September 1 , with an opportunist effort from distance in the 61st minute that sparked the first of two lengthy delays as goalkeeper Michel Vorm collapsed with a groin injury that has ruled the Dutchman out for up to six weeks . City then had an anxious wait as defender Micah Richards -- who publicly questioned Mancini after the Ajax game -- was stretchered off with a knee injury , needing an oxygen mask . With almost 13 minutes of time added on , the game beat the previous record set when Arsenal drew with Liverpool in 2011 . The win moved City up to second place , a point behind Chelsea -- who take on third-placed Manchester United on Sunday . "  Our performance in the first half was so-so because I think we were so tired , but in the second half we played better , we had a lot of chances to score , " Mancini told reporters . "  In this moment , when you are in a difficult moment , after a defeat in the Champions League , it is important we start to win quickly . "  We played three days ago and Swansea played very well . They were fresh , so it was important to take these three points . "  We now have one week when we can recover and I hope we can recover a couple of  injured  players for the next game and we can work . " Arsenal also rebounded from midweek European defeat as midfielder Mikel Arteta scored a late winner against bottom club Queens Park Rangers , who had Stephane Mbia sent off . The match marked the return of young England international midfielder Jack Wilshere after a 17-month injury absence , and the 20-year-old lasted more than an hour as he helped the London side bounce back from losses to Schalke and Norwich last weekend . Arteta 's 84th-minute goal , on the rebound after his initial header hit the bar , came soon after Mbia was red-carded for kicking out at Thomas Vermaelen . "  I am very happy with the result because we lost two big games in our head , and the confidence was a bit jaded , " manager Arsene Wenger said after seeing his team move up to fourth place "  We were serious , we moved the ball quite well and we needed to be patient . It was important not to make a mistake , and wait for our chance and take it . " Fulham moved up to sixth after conceding a last-minute equalizer in the 3-3 draw at Reading , who remained in the bottom three . Former Manchester United striker Dimitar Berbatov put the London team 3-2 up in the 88th minute , but Hal Robson-Kanu snatched his winless team 's fourth draw from eight matches . Wigan moved away from the relegation zone with a 2-1 win at home to midtable West Ham , while Sunderland and Stoke played out a stalemate and Norwich drew 1-1 with fellow strugglers Aston Villa , who had Joe Bennett sent off with 40 minutes to play .	Carlos Tevez scores only goal as Manchester City struggle to 1-0 win over Swansea Match is longest in Premier League history after almost 13 extra minutes added on Lengthy delays caused as both teams lose a player due to injury Arsenal also bounce back from European defeat , moving up to fourth place with win
CNN  -- A 4-year-old Ohio girl who vanished more than three weeks ago was found alive and in good condition , halfway across the country in Southern California , authorities said . Haylee Donathan was found with her mother and her mother 's boyfriend , fugitive sex offender Robbi Potter . Haylee Donathan , her mother , Candace Watson , and Robbi Potter were discovered after hiding for the past week at The Morning Star Ranch , a retreat in Valley Center , near San Diego , said Peter Elliott , United States Marshal for the Northern District of Ohio . Potter is a registered sex offender , officials said . He was being sought by the U.S. Marshal 's Service . Late Tuesday , Haylee was in the custody of a children 's protective services agency in the San Diego County area , Elliott said . She was doing well but may have chicken pox , he added . "  We understand she is healthy and happy and I believe , waiting to come back to her grandmother here , " he said . Watch authorities announce their find " The journey west took them more than 2,000 miles from Mansfield , the north-Central Ohio city where the girl and her mother live . "  I am very happy that my granddaughter 's coming home , " said Mary Watson , Haylee 's grandmother . "  And I just want to thank all of you from the bottom of my heart . " Watson , 24 , and Potter , 27 , were arrested without incident and held by the San Diego County Sheriff 's Department . When asked their reaction , Elliott said , "  I believe a little shocked that we were able to find them . " Potter and Watson were still using the same vehicle , a 1980s blue Chevrolet pickup truck they drove from Ohio , Elliott said . Watson 's hair was a bit darker and Potter also changed his appearance slightly . Authorities had feared Haylee was endangered . Potter , a sex offender , had escaped a halfway house on May 28 , the day the girl and her mother fell out of sight . Countless tips came in while they were missing but one in particular led to the breakthrough on Tuesday , Elliott said without elaborating . But a tip from members of the ranch could have led to the raid and arrest , a ranch member told CNN . Kevin Carlin , a member of the ranch in the neighborhood of Valley Center , told CNN in a telephone interview that ranch members became suspicious when a former ranch guest saw billboards urging help in finding Haylee and the two adults . Elliott also praised intense national news coverage from programs such as HLN 's "  Nancy Grace " and "  Issues with Jane Velez-Mitchell , " as well as local media and Clear Channel , which put up missing child billboards across the country . When she is returned to Ohio , Haylee will be placed in the custody of her grandmother , Elliott said . The U.S. Marshals Northern Ohio Violent Fugitive Task Force had offered a $ 10,000 reward for information leading to the arrest of 27-year-old Potter . Potter was wanted on a state warrant for parole violation and a federal warrant for probation violation . He is a convicted tier three sex offender , according to the U.S. Marshals Service , a unit of the Justice Department . While on the run , Potter and Watson were reportedly seen on surveillance video on May 31 at a Wal-Mart Store in Marion , Ohio , 40 miles from Mansfield . Haylee was not on that video . Adding to concerns , Watson 's roommate , Samantha Covert , said last week in an interview on "  Nancy Grace " that she saw the little girl in bed with her mother and Potter the morning they disappeared . Covert said Watson carried a basket of clothing , pillows and blankets . Watson will likely face state charges , including harboring a fugitive , according to Elliott . In addition to other charges , he said Potter may be prosecuted under the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act , a federal sex offender registration and self-reporting law that carries a multiyear felony sentence if violated . On its Web site , the Morning Star Ranch describes itself as "  a community of growers of organic , pesticide-free avocados , grapefruit , persimmons , nuts and other produce . " Elliot said he believed it is a rehabilitation facility and also called it a Christian retreat .	Ohio girl found alive near San Diego , California , authorities say Tip led authorities to raid communal farm Haylee Donathan was with mother , boyfriend who 's a fugitive sex offender Haylee , mother were last seen May 28
CNET  -- Craigslist 's managers have complied with the wishes of most of the state attorneys general who demanded they rid the site of prostitution ads . Craigslist says it has removed prostitution ads , but some issues remain . The Web 's dominate classifieds publication replaced its controversial "  erotic " section with a new "  adult " category . And where Craigslist once relied on readers to flag dodgy advertisements , the company 's employees now review every ad submitted to the adult area before they appear online . Yet , the site has been unable to block every solicitation for sex . Catherine , a self-described sex worker from San Francisco , confirmed for CNET that she successfully posted an ad for her services to the adult section late last week . She wished to remain anonymous , so neither the ad 's photo nor text can be included in this story . Regardless , it is n't hard to find questionable ads in Craigslist 's new adult section . The most noticeable difference between Craigslist 's erotic and adult categories is the photos . In the adult section , the photos are less provocative . Less skin is showing . When it comes to the text , however , the two sections are very similar . Both are packed with ads for massage services . Ads in both areas include descriptions of the masseuse 's breast size  "  I 'm a natural C cup "  and they are often photographed dressed in their underwear . Even if most of these services are legitimate , and only a few are veiled offers of sex in the new adult area , plenty of others make little if any pretense about what they offer . These ads typically include words such as "  busty , " or "  fantasy girl " in their descriptions . Often , they feature photos of a woman or man dressed provocatively in their underwear or bathing suit . Some include hourly rates . Clearly , Craigslist faces a significant challenge as it tries to purge prostitution from its Web pages . While it can ban nude photos and overt offers of sex , how can anyone expect the site to outlaw ads featuring photos of bikini-clad women offering phone numbers ? One can find racier images in department store ads . The Internet has made it easier for merchants of all kinds to conduct commerce and reach wider audiences . Should anyone be surprised that the sex trade has benefited from this as well . If Craigslist were to disappear tomorrow , does anyone really expect that would curb prostitution ? A review of some competing online classifieds shows that while Craigslist has been a popular destination for sex workers , it is by no means the only one . For example , Backpages.com is an online classified publication and Craigslist competitor . The content it produces can also be found on the Web sites of some entertainment and alternative publications in major metropolitan areas , such as New York 's Village Voice or San Francisco 's SFWeekly . Craigslist is G-rated compared with the photos found in Backpages ' adult section . Ads included nude photos while others showed people engaged in sexual intercourse . A common ad would show a bare chested woman asking men to call her at a phone number . In the area of Backpages that services Charleston , S.C. , one ad found on Tuesday by CNET featured a photo of a bare-chested woman apparently engaged in masturbation . It must be noted that there was nothing as graphic on Craigslist . This is relevant because Henry McMaster , South Carolina 's attorney general , last week threatened Craigslist with a criminal investigation . McMaster has n't made any similar threats -- at least none that has been publicized -- against Backpages . Managers at Backpages did not respond to an interview request . In November , Craigslist and 40 state attorneys general , including McMaster , signed an agreement that called for the site to add more safeguards . The classifieds publication followed through and one of the new changes was a new requirement that anyone posting to the erotic section must provide a credit card . All the parties hoped that criminals would be unwilling to provide identification and this would be deterrent . "  Many of the classified and communication services on the Craigslist site provide the public with a valuable service , " McMaster wrote to Craigslist CEO Jim Buckmaster on May 5 . "  However , it appears that the management ... has knowingly allowed the site to be used for illegal and unlawful activity after warnings from law enforcement officials and after an agreement with forty state attorneys general . " Since then , Craigslist did away with the erotic section and agreed to review every ad before it appeared , but McMaster was dissatisfied . He posted a note on his site that said the "  Craigslist South Carolina site continues to display advertisements for prostitution and graphic pornographic material . This content was not removed as we requested . We have no alternative but to move forward with criminal investigation and potential prosecution . " This is at best an empty threat , says Matt Zimmerman , a senior staff attorney for the Electronic Frontier Foundation . The Communication Decency Act protects Web sites like Craigslist from being held criminally liable for the actions of its users , Zimmerman said , who added that Craigslist has no legal obligation to even review ads before they go online . Had Zimmerman had his way , Craigslist would have never agreed to do the monitoring . Craig Newmark , Craigslist 's founder , had earlier gone on national TV and said that Craigslist would not do away with the erotic section . The company 's reversal may have led McMaster to believe he could shame Craigslist managers into doing more than what the law required . "  It made life more difficult for Craigslist I think , " Zimmerman said . "  But I was much more disappointed with  McMaster  than Craigslist , " Zimmerman said . "  His threats were bogus to begin with and he was wrong to threaten  Craigslist 's managers  with jail when the law is very clearly on their side . " © 2009 CBS Interactive Inc. . All rights reserved . CNET , CNET.com and the CNET logo are registered trademarks of CBS Interactive Inc. . Used by permission .	Craigslist has banned sex ads , but some still remain , author says A San Francisco sex worker says she still sells sex through the site On Tuesday , an ad on the site shows bare-chested woman Source : law protects Craigslist from being held liable for users ' actions
CNN  -- Mid-April marks the anniversaries of several horrendous attacks in recent U.S. history : -- April 19 , 1993 : the FBI 's siege of the Waco compound leaves 76 dead . -- April 19 , 1995 : the bombing of a federal building in Oklahoma City kills 168 people . -- April 20 , 1999 : A mass shooting at Columbine High School leaves 15 dead . -- April 16 , 2007 : The Virginia Tech massacre kills 33 . The Oklahoma City bombing was timed to coincide with the Waco anniversary . And it 's unclear whether the Columbine shooters timed that attack to mark Adolf Hitler 's birthday or possibly Waco . Is there something about this time of the year that makes these types of attacks more prevalent ? For an answer , CNN spoke with Robert Blaskiewicz , a professor at the Georgia Institute of Technology in Atlanta . He teaches a course examining conspiracy theories and runs a blog , called Skeptical Humanities . CNN : Is there any evidence or are there any theories that suggest attackers are more likely to strike around this time of the year ? Robert Blaskiewicz : I have seen nothing to suggest that anything about April itself makes people violent . That said , the reason why we see certain types of political violence in mid - to late April is because of a few unhappy coincidences : that Waco happened to fall on the anniversary of the Battles of Lexington and Concord , the first battles in a war against a tyrannical oppressor . For many people who labor under the idea that the federal government is a tyrannical foreign oppressor like the British monarchy , Waco symbolizes a war of a government against its people . -LSB- Timothy -RSB- McVeigh chose to bomb the Murrah Building -LSB- in Oklahoma City -RSB- on the anniversary of Waco because of that symbolic importance  indeed , the forged drivers license he rented the truck with had the date of issuance as 19 April 1993 , the date of the Branch Davidian fire  . If you want to squint , you might also lump in the opening of the Civil War to this part of the year , but the timing of that was chronologically tied to events following Lincoln 's election , not the Revolution . Regarding the Virginia Tech shootings , my first impression is sheerest coincidence . Now , by raising this question , I think that you illustrate an important principle behind the conspiratorial mindset  something that actually undergirds even normal psychology  , and that is seeing patterns in unrelated events . Seeing a cluster of completely unrelated events fires up the conspiracy theorist 's mind . I have recently seen speculation about four different television personalities who recently have displayed incoherent speech during taping  including a news reporter and Judge Judy  . Conspiracy theorists made the leap that they were all related and that there was probably some mind-control weapon being used . Go figure . CNN : How strong are the beliefs/outrage surrounding the Waco disaster , nearly 20 years after the siege ? Blaskiewicz : I do n't have a sense of the strength of the feelings about Waco specifically ; however , after Oklahoma City , the numbers of militia groups dropped . Following the election of -LSB- Barack -RSB- Obama , however , there was a steep rise in the number of hate groups , which has been ably tracked by the Southern Poverty Law Center and the Political Research Associates . Interestingly , last year on the 19th of April , gun advocates had a rally in Washington  a sort of "  bring your guns to the Capitol day "  to rally behind the Second Amendment , even though the Second Amendment has not really been on the Obama administration 's radar at all . For a while , it was difficult to even buy ammunition , since terrified gun owners started stockpiling it . Nonetheless , in the mythology that has grown up around Waco and Oklahoma City among self-identified patriots , the 19th has become a sort of high holiday for those who think that they live under the thumb of a tyranny . CNN : What do you think is behind the need to see patterns in unrelated events , such as several attacks that happened all around the same time ? In other words , what purpose do conspiracy theories serve ? Blaskiewicz : There are several possible answers , and I 'm not sure any one answer is better than any other answer . People are extremely social critters , and part of what makes that possible is the ability to perceive others as deliberately acting in the world , in other words to detect agency . It 's extremely useful in building respectful communities . Sometimes that faculty does n't turn off when it should , and you associate "  agency " with events and ideas that are unrelated . When a responsible agent is not easily discernible , that sense that something is still deliberate endures , and you are left wondering , "  Well , who caused it , then ? " You fill in the blanks . Conspiracy theories are a contemporary mythology , not unlike the Greek gods . Everything that happens has a reason , and the gods affect the course of human events through direct intervention . The ill-defined "  they , " whether referring to the U.N. , CIA , international bankers , Jews or interdimensional shapeshifting reptilian space aliens living in the hollowed-out artificial moon  yeah , it 's a real one  , really seem to me to be a secular version of religious mythology . On the other side , when you are already convinced that agents are working to manipulate world events , people tend to seek out information that reinforces what they already believe . It 's a tendency called confirmation bias , and it is a sort of perceptual filter for what you accept as evidence . Even the apparent clustering of events , in itself , can serve as evidence for someone who is looking for things to confirm their worldview , and allows the conspiracy theorist to discount reams of information that directly refute that belief . Each human brain comes equipped with a whole series of generally useful shortcuts to help us make sense of the immense amount of information that we have to process everyday . Conspiracy theories , I suspect , are simply an interesting  occasionally dangerous  byproduct of those mental shortcuts .	Several U.S. tragedies happened in mid-April , including Waco and Oklahoma City While some are related , Robert Blaskiewicz says others are just a coincidence Blaskiewicz teaches course on conspiracy theories at Georgia Institute of Technology He says conspiracy theories are "  a contemporary mythology , not unlike the Greek gods "
CNN  -- The year was 2002 , and group of young editors was trying to decide how risky it would be to put the United States soccer team on the June cover of ESPN Magazine . It was a tough call for a magazine that had gotten off to a spectacular start serving up a strictly meat-and-potatoes diet of NFL , with a side of baseball  Homerun Derby Only , please .  or NBA mixed in . But seriously , Landon Donovan , Demarcus Beasley , Clint Mathis ? They were the backbone of Team USA in 2002 and the guys we wanted on the cover . Sure , they are all household names now -- at least for sports fans -- but back then we wondered : "  How many real sports fans even know these guys ? " You see , 12 years ago , talking anything but NFL or baseball with diehard sports fans in the U.S. would get you laughed out of the room . Soccer  never futbol  was considered a fringe sport -- a game mostly played and left behind in grade school . And certainly putting a soccer team on the cover of a national sports magazine was bound to flop on the newsstands . But we went with it anyway , thinking it would be fun to change things up a little bit -- give our readers a surprise . Oh , how times have changed . Unless you have been locked in a dark closet this week , you know : America is in the grips of futbol fever . How can we tell ? Back in 2002 , the Men 's World Cup match between the United States and South Korea was seen in an average of 1.36 million television homes -- the most-watched soccer telecast ever on ESPN2 at the time -- based on a 1.62 rating , according to Nielsen Media Research Data . This year , an average of 18.2 million Americans tuned in to ESPN to watch the World Cup game between the U.S. and Portugal , according to Nielsen numbers released by the network . That game also broke a record for the most-viewed U.S. match on Univision Deportes , with 6.5 million viewers . And NFL ? Step aside : The U.S.-Portugal match posted the kind of numbers typically reserved for "  Monday Night Football . " Those MNF games averaged 13.6 million viewers last year , according to Nielsen numbers provided by ESPN . Who 's driving this soccer obsession ? The younger generations , encouraged by a few 40-something Gen-X parents . I 'm no soccer mom , but given a choice , I 'd much rather see my kid pick soccer than just about any other sport . It 's safer , cheaper , and more diverse . And it 's a true team sport . No one player is bigger than the team . Everyone plays and everyone has a chance to help the team win . But how did this new love affair with the game happen ? How did the Sports Nation allow futbol to come onto our turf and take over ? They 've even stolen our name . Vince Howley , watching the U.S.-Germany game at a beachside bar in Costa Rica Thursday , thinks he knows : "  Look , 40 years ago when I was growing up , we never even heard of Futbol in Boston . But then my family moved to California . There , all my sons played soccer . "  They were bored with baseball . Kids today want excitement . Baseball was slow . You needed a ton of equipment and a big field . But soccer was exciting . I started coaching and my family loved it . The game became our lives . " But not so fast Uncle Vince . Is soccer really ready to surpass the NFL as America ' favorite sport ? His younger nephew , Patrick Howley , thinks differently . Howley , who is a physical education teacher at James Hubert Blake High in Silver Springs , Maryland , agrees soccer has become the go-to sport for most young kids in America . He thinks it 's the perfect sport for young people because it teaches the fundamentals of every sport : offense , defense , and spatial movements . But at least for now , football -- not futbol -- remains king . "  American Football will tough to overcome but I do know that soccer will continue to grow , " says Howley , who has played and coached club soccer . "  All my students love the game and follow it on an international level . It 's really neat to see . " This diehard sports fan is sold . I love futbol . It 's fast , furious and fun . And it 's a game that both boys and girls can excel at and enjoy . And as I travel the world this summer and walk into the local sports bar to watch the World Cup games , you can be sure that I am the loudest , proudest American in the house . Go USA !	In 2002 Roxanne Jones struggled over whether to put soccer on cover of ESPN magazine Jones : Fast forward to 2014 's World Cup frenzy and it seems U.S. finally gets ` futbol ' Why ? American parents like it : It 's safer , cheaper , diverse , and a true team sport , she says Jones : American football wo n't be soon overcome , but soccer likely to keep growing
CNN  A grand jury has indicted the man accused of killing three Muslim students in Chapel Hill , North Carolina . Craig Hicks , 46 , was indicted on three counts of first-degree murder , according to the Durham County Clerk 's office . He was also charged with discharging a firearm into an occupied dwelling . Police said "  an ongoing neighbor dispute over parking " might have been a factor in last week 's shootings but also said they were n't dismissing the possibility of a hate crime . On what is believed to be Hicks ' Facebook page , numerous posts rail against religion . The victims ' family members have called on authorities to investigate the slayings as a hate crime . The FBI is looking into that possibility . Hicks is expected to make his first appearance after the grand jury indictment in Superior Court the first week of March . When is a crime a ` hate crime ' ?	Clerk 's office : Craig Hicks has been indicted on three counts of first-degree murder He also is charged with discharging a firearm into an occupied dwelling
ANCHORAGE , Alaska  CNN  -- He 's the man Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin affectionately calls her "  first dude . " Todd Palin , who grew up in Alaska , is a former oilfield worker and world-record holding snowmobile racer . Todd Palin was introduced to the nation at the Republican National Convention as a blue-collar oil worker , a laid-back father of five and a world-record-holding snowmobile racer . Todd and Sarah met in high school at a basketball game and eloped in 1988 , six years after graduation . Todd grew up in Alaska and is part Eskimo . He 's an avid outdoorsman and champion of the Iron Dog snowmobile race . He 's worked in Alaska 's oil industry and as a fisherman . But in recent times , he 's had another role . Some call him the "  Shadow Governor . " In government circles and among the family 's acquaintances , Todd Palin is known as his wife 's greatest adviser and most loyal protector . One family friend said , "  Todd is incredibly supportive and is willing to do whatever it takes to help Sarah . " Todd may appear quiet , almost shy , but he 's made quite an impression on his wife 's running mate , Sen. John McCain . On the campaign trail this month in Lancaster , Pennsylvania , McCain said , "  He 's not afraid of Washington , D.C. ! He can take them on ! " Alaskans interviewed by CNN say Todd Palin has plenty of influence . He 's not on the state payroll , but lawmakers say he is a central figure in his wife 's policy agenda . Stephen Branchflower is one man who certainly thinks so . Branchflower was hired by the Alaska Legislature to investigate Governor Palin 's firing of the state 's top cop - Walt Monegan - and whether the Palins pressured him to fire the governor 's former brother-in-law , trooper Mike Wooten . Sarah Palin has said Wooten repeatedly threatened her family amid a bitter divorce from her sister . She claims that he even threatened to kill her father , an accusation that Wooten denies . Branchflower wants to subpoena Todd Palin because the governor 's husband "  has spoken to numerous government employees . ... He 's such a central figure to the events . " Sarah Palin has denied exerting any pressure to have anyone fired . Todd Palin has n't spoken publicly about the case , but his wife 's attorney said Thursday Mr Palin would not comply with the subpoena request . The McCain campaign said the Legislative Council was no longer carrying out "  a legitimate investigation because it has been subjected to complete partisanship and does not operate with the authority that it had at the time of its initial authorization . " How much power does Todd Palin have in Alaska politics ? " CNN has seen thousands of e-mails released this year from the governor 's office that show that Todd Palin was copied on hundreds of them . The topics of the e-mails ranged from public criticism of Sarah Palin to her meetings with corporate leaders . Andrew Halcro , who ran as an independent against Sarah Palin for governor in 2006 and is a critic of the Palins , wants to know why Todd Palin was being copied on state correspondence . Halcro wrote a blog post about Todd Palin called "  Shadow Governor " and says , "  Todd plays the role as kind of the fixer . " Even Halcro found himself the subject of e-mails that Todd Palin was copied on . He wants to know why . "  This whole process , and the whole string of e-mails , to me really raise some red flags , " Halcro said . But campaign spokeswoman Meg Stapleton explained , "  There is spousal privilege in that the governor is asking him to print them off or take care of business . " Alaska lawmakers say Todd Palin is a fixture at the state Legislature . So much so , some say they 've joked about getting buttons that read , "  What would Todd do ? " One of those lawmakers is Lyda Green , a Republican and state Senate president who is not friends with the Palins . "  I had a meeting I requested with the governor . ... I was particularly surprised that Todd was there . I had never seen a spouse stay in the room through the meeting . " The campaign said , "  Todd 's role has not been inappropriate . " The campaign also confirms that Todd Palin has taken two trips with state commissioners to survey Alaskan mines and one to survey part of the proposed route for a natural gas pipeline , his wife 's top goal . The state paid for those trips , according to the campaign , because they were considered "  state business " since Todd Palin is trying to expand Alaska 's work force . Now he 's spending plenty of time out of state -- at his wife 's side -- as she criss-crosses the country . A far cry from juggling the cooking and carpooling for their five children .	Todd Palin grew up in Alaska , is part Eskimo and a champion snowmobile racer He met Sarah Palin during high school and eloped in 1998 ; They have five children Palin , his wife 's closest adviser , was copied on hundreds of state e-mails Campaign claims spousal privilege , says "  role has not been inappropriate "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Some Democrats appear to be wavering on a highly contentious House resolution labeling Turkey 's treatment of Armenians in World War I as genocide . A KC-135 tanker lands at Incirlik Air Base in southern Turkey in 2003 . Turkey , a longtime U.S. ally and NATO partner , was incensed by the resolution calling the killing of Armenians by Ottoman Turks genocide and threatened to block access to Incirlik Air Base after the resolution passed a House committee vote . The base , in southern Turkey near Syria , is a major resupply center for U.S. operations in Iraq and elsewhere in the Mideast and Asia . The Pentagon is preparing to set up new supply routes for troops in Iraq if Turkey cuts off U.S. access to the strategically important Incirlik , military officials said Tuesday . Ankara acknowledges the killings of Armenians during World War I but vehemently objects to the "  genocide " label . The House Foreign Affairs Committee last week adopted the nonbinding resolution . House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said she would bring the measure to a vote of the full House sometime next month . But the Bush administration urged Congress to drop the issue , and some leading Democrats urged Pelosi not to bring it to the floor . Majority Leader Steny Hoyer signaled Tuesday that the vote might be put off . "  I said I thought we would bring this up prior to us leaving here , " said Hoyer of Maryland . "  I have not changed on that , although I would be less than candid to say that there are a number of people who are revisiting their own positions . We will have to determine where everybody is . " Democratic Rep. Ike Skelton , the chairman of the House Armed Services Committee , announced his opposition to the resolution last week . And Democratic Reps. Alcee Hastings of Florida and John Tanner of Tennessee , both members of the U.S. House delegation to NATO , urged Pelosi to reconsider in a letter released Tuesday . "  More than half of the cargo flown into Iraq and Afghanistan comes through Incirlik Air Base , and this base would be a key component of any plans for redeployment of our troops in the future , " they wrote . Lt. Gen. Carter Ham , the director of operations for the Joint Chiefs of Staff , said Pentagon planners are looking at "  a broad range of options " to keep food , fuel and ammunition flowing to U.S. troops in Iraq if Turkey blocks Incirlik . "  We 're confident that we 'll find ways to do that , " Ham told reporters at the Pentagon . "  There 's likely to be some increased cost and some other implications for that , and obviously we 'd prefer to maintain the access that we have . " Defense Secretary Robert Gates echoed lawmakers ' concerns last week . "  About 70 percent of all air cargo going into Iraq goes through Turkey . ... About a third of the fuel that they consume goes through Turkey or comes from Turkey , " Gates said . He also said that 95 percent of the Mine-Resistant Ambush-Protective vehicles , or MRAPs , being deployed in Iraq are flown through Turkey . The vehicles are built to withstand roadside bombs . See Incirlik 's key location " The U.S. military issued a "  warning order " a few days ago to ensure that alternative air crews , planes , fuel and routes are lined up if Turkey stops or restricts U.S. access to Incirlik , a source said . Jordan and Kuwait are among the alternatives the United States is considering . Some fear pursuit of the resolution would also embolden the Turks to attack Kurdish rebels in northern Iraq which could further complicate Iraqi stability , U.S. officials said . Incirlik offers 10,000 - and 9,000-foot runways and 57 hardened aircraft shelters , according Globalsecurity.org , a source of background information about military issues . Globalsecurity said Incirlik has become a hub for cargo shipments to Iraq , taking over for Rhein-Main Air Base in Germany because it is closer to Iraq , reducing the strain on troops and aircraft . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Barbara Starr and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	NEW : Majority Leader says a number of Dems are "  revisiting their own positions " Turkey is upset about World War I "  genocide " resolution in Congress House resolution calls killing of Armenians "  genocide " Incirlik Air Base is key point for U.S. military supply of Iraq mission
CNN  -- With news that Sony Pictures is buying the movie rights to an upcoming biography of Apple co-founder Steve Jobs , speculation has jumped to who could play the late tech mastermind . Quoting anonymous sources , the New York Times and other media outlets were reporting that Sony is in final talks and will pay $ 1 million for the rights to the book , which traces Jobs ' story from college dropout to CEO of the world 's leading tech company . Simon & Schuster announced last week that , based on the surge of interest in Jobs following his death last week , it would move the release date of the authorized biography , "  Steve Jobs " by Walter Isaacson , from November 21 to October 24 . Capturing the iconoclastic Jobs on the written page is not easy . But finding the right actor to bring him to life onscreen might be an even bigger challenge . "  When you 're casting somebody to play someone that is familiar to audiences , you 're never going to get somebody that is going to look exactly like them , " said Tammara Billik , casting director at Billik/Wood Casting in Sherman Oaks , California . "  So you have to get at the sort of internal essence of the person . You have to get their energy . " Think Ben Kingsley as Gandhi , or more recently , Jamie Foxx as Ray Charles . With a Jobs biopic , there 's the added difficulty of finding someone who can play him both as a young man starting Apple Computer in his parents ' garage with partner Steve Wozniak , and as the 50ish CEO who captivated audiences three decades later with high-profile launches of the iPhone and iPad . And then there 's the dramatic weight loss Jobs saw in his final years as he battled pancreatic cancer . The first name that came to Billik 's mind was an actor that could capture Jobs in his later years : Stanley Tucci . "  I think physically there 's a resemblance , " she said of the veteran character actor from "  The Devil Wears Prada " and other films . "  And I think Stanley always plays very bright , articulate men . I think that really speaks to who Steve Jobs was . " Going younger , she mentions another , perhaps less-likely choice : "  Saturday Night Live 's " Andy Samberg . "  He does n't really look like him , but he does n't really look like anybody he plays and he pulls it off , " she said of the actor who has mimicked another tech titan , Facebook 's Mark Zuckerberg , on "  SNL . " In a quick brainstorming session , Billik threw out a list of other possibilities : Josh Stamberg from "  Drop Dead Diva . " "  Heroes " alum Adrian Pasdar . Matthew Modine . Christian Bale . Jason Schwartzman . Bob Saget .  Yes , Bob Saget . We think that one was a joke  . "  You could kind of go down the list and find a lot of people who probably could do it , " Billik said . "  Nobody is going to be exactly him . But it 's got to be somebody who 's right -- who 's got an intensity to them . " Jobs has already been portrayed on screen once -- by "  ER 's " Noah Wyle in a 1999 made-for-TV movie , "  Pirates of Silicon Valley . " Of course , to cast Jobs ' life story today you 'd also need another actor to play the shorter , stouter Wozniak . Some first-instinct suggestions : Jack Black , Zach Galifianakis or Philip Seymour Hoffman . In the gallery above , we 've collected 10 actors who could bring something interesting to the role . Does one of them work for you ? Did we leave out an obvious choice ? Let us know in the comments .	Sony Pictures is buying the movie rights to an upcoming Steve Jobs biography A biopic of the Apple CEO would have to capture him in his younger and later days Casting director : No one will look just like Jobs , so the key is capturing his essence Here are 10 actors we think would bring something interesting to the role
CNN  -- The score was tied . The game was in overtime . The mood , electric . Number 35 came charging up to the net and hit a last-moment winning layup for his undefeated Fennville High School Blackhawks to end the regular season Thursday night with a perfect 20 wins . The other players hoisted their star , 16-year-old Wes Leonard , on their shoulders . The screaming crowd charged the court to hug him . It was the biggest moment in memory for the tiny Michigan town of Fennville . And then it all turned to black . Silence fell under the harsh glare of the florescent lights . Leonard lay still on the court , pale in his school colors . His family and coaches surrounded him . He was n't breathing , his friend Arista Sauceda recalled . His heart had stopped cold . After attempts to revive the varsity player in the gym , an ambulance transported him to nearby Holland Hospital . Doctors worked on him for an hour and 20 minutes . They could not save him . By 10:40 at night , when Leonard should have been out celebrating with his classmates , he was dead . An autopsy Friday determined that Leonard died of cardiac arrest due to an enlarged heart , said a statement from Dr. David A. Start , the Ottawa County chief medical examiner . As news of Leonard 's death spread , a small community on the banks of Lake Michigan convulsed in shock . A moment of enormous school pride was reduced to irrelevance , a moment of joy turned into the opposite . A Facebook memorial page -- R.I.P. Wes Leonard -- created Friday , quickly filled with thoughts and prayers . "  Blackhawk Down , " the page said . Sauceda described Leonard as an affable guy , popular for his smile and jokes . He excelled in athletics , scoring 1,000 career basketball points and playing quarterback for the school 's football team . She said Leonard 's family moved to Fennville when he was in middle school . His mother , Jocelyn Leonard , teaches music and is the drama director at Fennville , and Sauceda said the family had helped bring the school community together . Jocelyn Leonard had canceled Thursday night 's performance of "  How To Succeed In Business Without Really Trying " because she wanted to watch her son play in the game , reported CNN affiliate WOOD . It was a make-up game to compensate for blizzard-canceled events last month . Everyone had so looked forward to Thursday 's game -- not only was it the last of an undefeated regular season , but it pitted Fennville against Bridgman , a school that beat them by just one point last year . It was revenge , as Sauceda put it . Fennville was down 14 points but came back to tie the game at 53 . Leonard scored his team 's last four points for the 57-55 victory . Sauceda had screamed her lungs out during the game . She was running toward Leonard to hug him when he went down . Tim Breed , a spokesman for Holland Hospital and a 1977 Fennville graduate , was also in the gym . He does n't normally attend games , but thought he could not miss his alma mater 's perfect season closer . When Leonard collapsed , the crowds were asked to leave the gym . Breed was on his way home when he was paged by a local newspaper reporter . He rushed to the hospital to find medical teams trying to resuscitate Leonard . Shortly after that , a text message appeared on Sauceda 's phone from a friend at the hospital . Sauceda was about to go to sleep . Instead , she was jolted awake , the shock so severe she was n't even able to immediately cry . In the morning , she stayed home from school . And wrote on Facebook : "  Wes , you were taken from our lives too soon ... you were the most amazing friend , I will never forget you , and how you have changed us all , I am so thankful to have been apart of your life . Please watch over us , and cheer us on as our boys win state ! RIP # 35 WES LEONARD . "	Wes Leonard was a star athlete and a popular student He scored the winning points to lift Fennville High School to a perfect season He collapsed on the court after the game A small Michigan town is in shock
CNN  -- Tom Cruise expounds on his beliefs in Scientology in a 2004 video that made its way onto the Internet this week . Tom Cruise appears with his wife , Katie Holmes , at a movie premiere earlier this month . "  I think it 's a privilege to call yourself a Scientologist , and it 's something you have to earn , " Cruise says at the beginning of the video . Cruise says he 's "  driven ... by the opportunity to really help , for the first time , change people 's lives . I 'm absolutely , uncompromisingly dedicated to that . " The video was shown at a 2004 Scientology ceremony honoring Cruise for his humanitarian work . Church of Scientology officials said it can be viewed at any of its churches , but it created a stir this week when what the church calls a pirated and edited version appeared on YouTube . The video has since been taken off YouTube , but an interview portion remained available on the celebrity Web site gawker.com on Thursday . Watch snippets of Cruise video " "  The Cruise Indoctrination Video Scientology Tried To Suppress " is the title of gawker.com 's presentation . "  You have to watch this video , " the site says . "  It shows Tom Cruise , with all the wide-eyed fervor that he brings to the promotion of a movie , making the argument for Scientology , " which it calls "  the bizarre 20th-century religion . Watch "  Showbiz Tonight " discussion of Cruise video " Cruise talks over a repetitive guitar-riff soundtrack , and appears to be answering questions , though an interviewer is not seen or heard . A second part of the video , made available to CNN by the publisher of a new unauthorized biography of Cruise , shows Cruise accepting Scientology 's Freedom Medal of Valor award and exchanging military-like salutes with Scientology chairman David Miscavige to audience applause . The publisher denies leaking other parts of the video to the Web . In the video by the publisher , Cruise also salutes a portrait of L. Ron Hubbard , cited on the church 's Web site as the founder of "  the only major religion founded in the 20th century . " Hubbard 's biography cites his accomplishments as everything from mariner and horticulturalist to author and humanitarian . In the video , Cruise puts emphasis on the latter role . A Scientologist "  has the ability to create new realities and improve conditions , " Cruise says . On its Web site , the Church of Scientology highlights its humanitarian work , from anti-drug campaigns in places from Minnesota to Taiwan to teacher training in India . The Web site defines Scientology as "  the study of truth . " Cruise embraces that in the video . "  If you 're a Scientologist , ... you see things the way they are , " Cruise says . He also says he finds peace in the religion . "  The more you know as a Scientologist , you do n't become overwhelmed by it , " according to Cruise . The unauthorized biography of Cruise is by author Andrew Morton . A Cruise spokesperson and the Church of Scientology have disputed the book , saying Morton did not seek their comment . "  Accuracy and truth were not on Morton 's agenda , " according to a church statement . Morton denies that and says Cruise , who he calls "  a towering figure on the international scene , " and his faith are worthy of scrutiny . "  Tom Cruise has done remarkable work for his faith over the past few years , " Morton said . "  If it was n't for him the Church of Scientology would be a shadow of what it is today . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Brad Lendon , David Mattingly and Don Lemon contributed to this report .	Scientology membership a privilege that 's earned , Cruise says 2004 video part of ceremony honoring Cruise for humanitarian work Scientology defined as "  study of the truth "
CNN  -- From fighting common colds to cancer , Chinese herbal medicines have long been touted for their healing properties . But this week , environmental group Greenpeace says it found many herbs purchased from Chinese and Hong Kong retail stores contain alarming levels of harmful pesticides . One herb , a sample of San Qi flower purchased from popular chain Beijing Tong Ren Tang , contained over 500 times the EU safety limit of a restricted pesticide . Another herb contained over 100 times that limit , according to the report . Beijing Tong Ren Tang did not return calls for comment . Of the 65 herbs sampled by Greenpeace , 51 contained pesticides with 26 having chemicals classified as "  extremely or highly hazardous " by the World Health Organization , it said . "  These herbs are of doubtful quality and not safe to consume , " said Jing Wang , a Greenpeace project leader . The pesticides pose significant risks for consumers and farmers , Greenpeace said . "  We found some old , obsolete pesticides , with highly hazardous chemicals . Even a tiny dose can result in acute toxicity or sickness , " said Wang . "  Other pesticides can affect our immune system or hormones , and some may have an impact on children 's brain development . " This is not the first time China has experienced a pesticide-related food scandal . In 2010 , batches of cowpeas in Hainan province tested positive for a highly toxic pesticide , according to state media . Last month , an investigation by China Central Television  CCTV  found that farmers in Shandong province were using "  three to six times " the recommended level of pesticides on ginger crops . According to Greenpeace , China uses more pesticides than any other country in the world . Wang said the Chinese government has "  no regulation or guidance " regarding the use of pesticides with herbal crops . "  We want government agencies to strengthen the control , monitoring , and guidance of pesticide use , " she said . "  The Hong Kong government has more standards than the mainland , but it 's still not enough , " she added . Dr. Stephanie Ma , an expert on pesticides at the University of Hong Kong , said that Hong Kong generally has "  adequate safeguards " to protect consumers from pesticides in food . "  All pesticides are fully assessed by the regulatory authorities for safe use before registration , " she said . A Hong Kong law scheduled to take effect in August 2014 will set further limits on pesticide residues in food . Ma said pesticide levels that exceed standards set by the European Union "  do not automatically indicate imminent health risk to consumers . " Conclusions about risks can not be drawn without taking into account consumers ' "  level of intake and consumption frequency , " she added . In a statement , the Hong Kong Department of Health said , "  The Department of Health  DH  is concerned about the findings released by Greenpeace . DH is requesting Greenpeace to provide us with the full report for detail study . In particular , there is lack of information on the testing methods , testing standards and the testing laboratory which are needed to conduct an appropriate risk assessment . " "  The DH has also in place a market surveillance system to obtain Chinese herbal medicine samples to test the levels of pesticide residues and heavy metals , " it added . "  So far no abnormal results have been detected from the decocted Chinese medicine samples . " The Chinese Ministry of Health did not respond to requests for comment . Meanwhile , Ma offered a simple piece of advice : "  In general , the level of pesticide residues in a crop commodity will be reduced substantially following washing and processing : boiling in particular . "	Greenpeace : Of 65 herbs tested , 26 contained "  highly hazardous " pesticides Greenpeace : One herb contained over 500 times European safe limit of pesticide NEW : Hong Kong Department of Health says it is "  concerned about the findings " Scientist says pesticides do not necessarily pose risk ; boiling herbs can help
CNN  -- The former lead investigator in the JonBenet Ramsey case says that newly released documents may spark renewed interest , but they have little effect on the cold case investigation . Previously sealed court documents released Friday show that a Colorado grand jury voted in 1999 to indict the parents of the slain 6-year-old JonBenet on charges of child abuse resulting in death and being accessories to a crime . Court papers : Grand jury in 1999 sought to indict JonBenet Ramsey 's parents The district attorney decided that year , however , not to file charges against John and Patricia Ramsey , saying there was insufficient evidence . In 2008 , a new district attorney said new DNA evidence cleared the parents and their son in the death . The case has never been solved , and the released documents have put the killing back in the spotlight . But attention does not necessarily translate into leads in the case , former lead investigator A. James Kolar told CNN . "  It is unlikely unless there is a confession , or somebody else comes forward that has information that has been shared with them , " he said . Read the documents Kolar wrote a book about JonBenet 's killing and said he does not believe that there was an intruder at the Ramsey house that night , implying that the Ramsey family -- the late Patricia Ramsey , her husband John and their son Burke -- know more than they have told . What exactly was it that kept the district attorney from pursuing the charges ? "  That 's a very complicated question . I think there are a lot of things that could be considered missing from the D.A. 's perspective to be able to bring them to a threshold of prosecuting beyond a reasonable doubt , " Kolar said . Still , the documents released Friday are an important part of the history of the case . A Colorado court ordered the release of the previously sealed court documents about the unsolved 1996 death of the girl who won child beauty pageants and whose murder shocked the nation . The pages were sealed in 1999 , after the grand jury in the case dispersed without charges being filed .	New documents in the JonBenet Ramsey case were released Friday A former lead investigator says they are important to the history of the case But the renewed attention does not mean new leads , he says
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Central London fell silent save for the tolling of Big Ben as the United Kingdom honored the dead of wars past and present on Remembrance Sunday . Queen Elizabeth II then laid a wreath at the Cenotaph , the war memorial on Whitehall near Parliament , after a military band played the "  Last Post . " Other members of the royal family , including her husband , Prince Philip , and grandchildren Princes Harry and William , followed suit under steel-gray skies as Britain marked a tradition going back to the end of World War I. Harry was representing his father Prince Charles , the heir to the throne , who is in Canada . Hours before the ceremony began , the Ministry of Defence announced the 200th British soldier had been killed in hostile action in Afghanistan . The soldier , from the 2nd Battalion , The Rifles , was killed in an explosion in Helmand province , the main British area of operations , in southern Afghanistan . That was then followed by the news that another soldier from 4th Battalion , The Rifles , died from injuries sustained in an explosion that happened in the same region near Sangin . Both soldier 's families have been informed , the Ministry of Defence said . An American soldier was also killed in an insurgent attack in western Afghanistan , the International Security Assistance Force said in a statement . The event was not related to an ongoing search for two U.S. Army paratroopers , who went missing Wednesday near Afghanistan 's border with Turkmenistan , ISAF said . The service member 's name was not released . British troops also marked Remembrance Sunday in Afghanistan . The country honors war dead each year on the Sunday closest to November 11 , the day World War I ended in 1918 . The memorials this year come as many Britons question the country 's military mission in Afghanistan . The UK has about 9,000 troops there , the second-largest contingent after the United States . Prime Minister Gordon Brown attempted to shore up support for the eight-year-old mission Friday . "  Our mission must not fail , " Brown said . "  It is not easy , the choices are not simple , there is no strategy that is without danger and risk , but that is the responsibility of leadership of government and of our armed forces -- to do what is necessary , however difficult , to keep the British people safe . "  We can not , must not , and will not walk away , " Brown said . Sunday marked the first Remembrance Sunday since the death of the last two British World War I veterans living in the U.K. , Harry Patch and Henry Allingham . Patch , 111 , and Allingham , 113 , died within a week of each other in July . Brown and other political leaders laid wreaths after the royal family at the Cenotaph , a memorial designed by the eminent early 20th-century architect Edward Lutyens . Diplomats from countries that used to be part of the British Empire followed , as did uniformed and civilian leaders of the British military . Rows of uniformed veterans stood on Whitehall for the service , wearing red paper poppies in their lapels . The Royal British Legion sells the paper poppies every year to raise money for veterans ' causes . They are ubiquitous across the country in the weeks leading up to Remembrance Sunday . The ceremony lasted about 20 minutes from the moment of silence at 11 a.m.  6 a.m. ET  through the singing of "  God Save the Queen " after a short service led by the Bishop of London , Richard Chartres . After the royal family left the memorial , military veterans and members of the public also walked past the Cenotaph .	Queen Elizabeth II and Royal family lay wreaths at the Cenotaph , the war memorial near Parliament in London Britain honors its war dead each year on the Sunday closest to November 11 , the day World War I ended in 1918 Hours before the ceremony began , the 200th British soldier was been killed in hostile action in Afghanistan That was followed by the news that a U.S. soldier and another British soldier died in separate incidents
The government of the small Mediterranean island of Malta recently announced proposals to start selling citizenship of its nation to foreigners for $ 650,000  about $ 888,000  . But faced with rising criticism both in Malta and other European Union countries , the Maltese government has temporarily halted the law 's implementation and will review its requirements . The European Parliament is to hold a debate on the scheme on 15 January 2014 . "  The citizenship scheme as adopted by the Maltese Parliament in recent weeks seems to be a clear abuse of EU citizenship and Schengen rules , said European People 's Party chairman Joseph Daul . "  Even if the Maltese give in to reason , and drop this scheme , it remains important that the European Parliament debates this issue . " But Malta continues to defend the program , which is said to target affluent individuals in order to boost Malta 's economy , but insists : "  It 's not an over-the-counter sale of citizenships , said Kurt Farrugia , head of Communications for the Maltese government . "  Applicants have to go through a thorough due diligence screening process , he told CNN . "  We are still discussing the details and regulations and there might be amendments made , for example to the fee of $ 650,000 , " Farrugia said . The unique program , would give holders of this Maltese passport a tremendous amount of liberty . Unlike other similar programs in the European Union , applicants for program are not obliged to live in Malta before being granted a passport . Instead , if the application is successful and the applicant is wealthy enough to spare the large sum , he or she will get a Maltese passport -- and therefore EU citizenship -- immediately . So , the applicant could theoretically live in any of the other 27 member states of the European Union . Malta joined the EU in 2004 ; it is a member of the Schengen borderless travel area , and has a visa waiver agreement with the United States -- all perks that would come with Maltese citizenship for foreigners . Maltese citizenship already allows a holder to travel to 163 countries across the globe without a visa . Malta 's Prime Minister Joseph Muscat has predicted that the scheme will bring in more than $ 41 million  $ 30 million  annually , and help ease the country 's deficit , while also attracting "  high value " people who could potentially invest in the island . Henley & Partners , an international firm specializing in international immigration and citizenship law , will administer the initiative . "  Of course Malta is trying to raise capital with the program , but it is also opening its doors to a very beneficial segment of the world population , said Eric Major , the company 's CEO . "  Many people conduct businesses abroad , but they are restricted by the passports they hold to do international travel , " he added . The change of plan means people can register their interest in the scheme with Henley & Partners , but can not officially apply until the Maltese government reveals its planned amendments . Once the law goes into effect , applicants will have to go through a 4-tier due diligence process . After filling out the application documents , the application is reviewed on online databases , this is followed by a background check and a risk assessment which examines the applicant 's nationality , job sector and where he or she conducts business . Lastly the information is verified against government databases , including CIA , FBI and UK police files . Previous criminal convictions , misstating or fabricating information or issues with the applicant 's source of wealth could all lead to an application being refused . In the best case scenario , Henley & Partners expects the whole process , from filing an application to getting a passport , to take about four to six months . "  Malta is taking many thorough steps in the vetting process , " said Major . Major says he expected between 200 and 300 people a year to be willing to stump up the estimated $ 1.2 million  $ 850,000  cost of applying , once processing fees and other expenses are taken into account . Whether anything can be done to stop the program 's implementation , still remains to be seen . The European Union said it could not interfere with citizenship decisions made by individual EU countries . "  Member states have full sovereignty to decide how and to whom they grant their nationality , " said Tove Ernst , press officer for the European Commission . "  The European Court of Justice has on several occasions confirmed the principle of international law , that it is for each member state to lay down the conditions for the acquisition of its nationality , " he said . Simon Busuttil , leader of Malta 's opposition Nationalist Party , called the program 's passage a "  black day for democracy . " Some critics also claim that the program favors the super-rich and provides a fast-track entry into the European Union , while foreigners with no financial means are excluded from the program . Neil Falzon , director of the aditus foundation , a Malta-based human rights NGO , said : "  Many people who desperately need to come to the EU simply can not do it and the boat tragedies out at sea are witness to this , " he said . "  We have men , women and children fleeing wars and persecution who are unable to obtain legal entry to the EU simply because no embassy will grant them an entry visa . " Several European Union countries offer residence permits that include free movement within the Schengen area , in exchange for high fees and the requirement to invest in the country , like Britain 's Tier 1 investor scheme for non-EU citizens with # 1 million  $ 1.6 million  or more of private funds available for investment in the UK . In contrast to other existing immigration programs , the Maltese version is an expedited citizenship program . "  The program is aimed at cash-rich but time-poor people . There is a growing breed of individuals who do n't have the time to be in one country for more than four months , Major said , praising Malta 's PM as "  a visionary who sees the benefits of globalization . " Read more : Europe 's golden visas lure rich Chinese Read more : Mediterranean becoming immigrants ' ` cemetery ' Read more : How illegal immigrants get into the EU	Malta planning scheme to offer citizenship for $ 650,000 to wealthy foreigners Maltese PM predicts scheme will bring in more than $ 30M annually Applicants have to go through 4-tier due diligence vetting process Rising criticism leads Malta to review and possibly amend plan
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge arrived in New York City on Sunday as they begin a busy three-day visit to the United States . A crowd gathered outside the hotel where William and Kate are staying hours before the royal couple arrived . Police were on hand to keep the crowds a safe distance away . Many of those who gathered said they were more interested in catching a glimpse of Kate , who is pregnant with her second child . The couple 's toddler , Prince George , did not make the trip . William and Kate have a private dinner for donors to their foundation on Sunday night . On Monday their itinerary includes everything from a children 's craft group in Harlem , a conservation reception with Hillary and Chelsea Clinton , to an NBA game where they 're likely to rub shoulders with Beyoncé and husband Jay Z. William will split for a while Monday for a trip to Washington , where he will meet with President Barack Obama in the Oval Office . On Tuesday , their plans include a moment of reflection at the September 11 memorial and a glittering charity dinner at the Metropolitan Museum of Modern Art . The White House said William 's visit underscored "  the special relationship " between the United States and the United Kingdom .	William and Kate , the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge , arrive in New York They are on a three-day visit to New York and Washington William will meet with President Barack Obama
CNN  -- It happened again Sunday . A woman leaped from the third level of the Oakland Coliseum at a Raiders football game . She survived the 40 - to 50-foot drop when a Marine vet who happened to be leaving the stadium used his body as a shield as she landed . But others have not been so fortunate . Every few months this year have brought reports of a fan falling -- sometimes fatally -- at arenas across the country . There have been several incidents this year alone . • On November 24 , the day of the woman 's fall , a 48-year-old man suffered severe head injuries after falling down steps at the M&T Bank Stadium in Baltimore at the Ravens game against the New York Jets . • On November 17 , a Buffalo Bills fan fell as he tried to slide down the rail of the upper deck of Ralph Wilson Stadium , dropping about 30 feet . He injured himself and a fan he landed on . • On October 24 , a woman fell about 20 feet from the stands at Floyd Stadium at a game at Middle Tennessee State University . • On August 12 , a man fell about 85 feet from the upper level of Atlanta 's Turner Field . The death was ruled a suicide . The reasons So , why are these incidents happening ? There 's not a one-size-fits-all answer . In May 2011 , a man trying to slide down a railing at Coors Field at a Colorado Rockies game fell and died . An autopsy later found marijuana in his system , as well as a blood-alcohol level more than twice the legal limit for driving . Some are just tragic accidents . In July of the same year , a father fell to his death trying to catch a ball thrown toward him by Texas Rangers outfielder Josh Hamilton . The man lost his footing and fell over the rail at the Rangers Ballpark in Arlington , as his young son looked on . The death prompted the Texas Rangers to say the team would raise the railings . It followed an incident a year earlier at the same stadium . In July 2010 , a fan fell 30 feet while trying to catch a foul ball . He fractured his skull but survived . ` We 're just more aware of it ' Is there an uptick in falls in stadiums ? "  It 's hard to say , " said Alana Penza , director of the Institute for the Study of Sports Incidents at the National Center for Spectator Sports Safety and Security at the University of Southern Mississippi in Hattiesburg . "  From what we 've found , it appears it has gone up , " she said , citing her work going back a decade that is based largely on news accounts . She found three such incidents in 2003 and five or six per year since 2010 . But , she added , the previous lower numbers could simply reflect underreporting . "  They 're not going up , " said David Weeks , co-author of "  Death at the Ballpark "  McFarland , 2009  and head of public services at the library at Winthrop University in Rock Hill , South Carolina . "  They 've been pretty common since the early ' 70 's , back when the super stadiums started being built . " Fan falls to his death at San Francisco 's Candlestick Park Since 1969 , he said , 23 people have died in incidents at Major League Baseball games , with "  only a couple " of suicides . In the "  vast majority " of the incidents , alcohol was involved , he said in a telephone interview . Pittsburgh 's Three Rivers Stadium and New York 's Shea Stadium each had three such deaths , he said . A lot of the fatalities were n't falls from upper-level stands to lower-level stands , but were instead falls from stairwell railings , escalator railings and failed attempts to jump from one stairwell to another , he said . For a sport whose preoccupation with numbers can seem obsessive , numbers about deaths and injuries at stadiums are surprisingly tough to come by . A Major League Baseball spokesman said much of the league 's information is anecdotal . "  We do n't have tallies or numbers going back historically , but we always follow up with clubs after such incidents , " MLB spokesman Mike Teevan said in a telephone interview . "  We keep records on things that have happened in recent years , but no totals . " But he predicted that could change , now that the league 's security department has new leadership . Weeks said he and his co-author , Robert Gorman , based their work on accounts in newspapers , which often ignored fan deaths caused by heart attack or stroke . And some of the newspaper accounts glossed over the details . "  A lot of times , they do n't identify the person who was killed , " said Gorman , who is head of reference at the Winthrop University library . "  But nowadays , with the Internet and YouTube and that sort of stuff , this stuff gets spread around like crazy . I think we 're just more aware of it . " Mammoth falls from mammoth stadiums The size of the newer stadiums appears to have played a role in many of the deaths . "  They build those mammoth ones , and there 's a lot more distance to fall , " Gorman said in a telephone interview . The authors ' research , which extended to other venues as well , tallied more than 800 game-related fatalities of players , other personnel and spectators from 1862 through 2007 . A second edition of their book will list hundreds more , Gorman said in a telephone interview . Some deaths at sporting events had nothing to do with falls , but were the result of colossally bad luck . Accounts posted on the authors ' website detail such incidents , one of which occurred on July 31 , 1949 , at a game in Baker , Florida . As play was beginning before a crowd of about 300 , lightning struck the chicken-wire backstop and raced around the infield . "  There was a loud crack like a big whip , and a brilliant line of fire ran down the third-base line , " left fielder Gordon Walter testified , according to Gorman . "  Then came this awful thunder , and when I could see again , I noticed all our infielders lying on the ground , and people started running all over the field , shouting and screaming . " The third baseman , second baseman and the shortstop died ; about 50 others in the stands were shocked and/or burned . At least 30 players , including one minor leaguer , have died from lightning strikes , according to the authors . Do n't sharpen your pencil Fans know that baseball is all about timing , which could n't have been worse for one fan at an amateur game on October 25 , 1902 , in Morristown , Ohio : "  Stanton Walker , 20 , was seated between Frank Hyde , who was scoring the game , and Leroy Wilson , another fan . During the course of the game , Hyde asked Wilson for a knife so he could sharpen his pencil . Wilson opened the blade of his penknife and handed it to Walker to pass along to Hyde . Just as Walker took the knife , a foul ball struck him on the hand and drove the blade into his chest over his heart . Walker bled to death within moments . " Gorman said he initially thought the account was apocryphal but was convinced that it was real when he found it described in the local newspaper . Teams have been protected from legal liability for more than a century by the doctrine known as the assumption-of-risk rule , which holds that the dangers to spectators are widely known and that fans assume any risk , according to Gorman . He said that without the digitization of local newspapers in recent years , he and Weeks would not have been able to complete their project . Gorman said he is a big fan of the game but wo n't sit on field level along the third or first base sides when he takes his grandchildren with him . "  It 's called the danger zone , " he said , citing those who sell netting . All deaths are not equal , he said . "  When a player is killed , they call it a day ; when it 's a fan , they do n't stop the game . " CNN librarian Julie In contributed to this report .	"  I think we 're just more aware of it , " says David Weeks , author of "  Death at the Ballpark " Players ' deaths stop games ; fans ' deaths do n't , co-author Robert Gorman says Is there an uptick in such incidents ? Or are we just paying more attention ? Every few months this year have brought reports of a fan falling
SRINAGAR , Indian-administered Kashmir  CNN  -- The chief minister of Indian-administered Kashmir tendered his resignation Tuesday after he was accused of being involved in a 2006 sex scandal , his adviser said . Omar Abdullah denies any link to a prostitution ring , saying he has stepped down to clear his name . Omar Abdullah , 38 , delivered his resignation to the state governor after opposition member Muzaffar Hussain Beigh accused Omar of a connection to the prostitution scandal during a session of the state legislative assembly . Muzaffar served as the deputy chief minister in the previous government , when several top pro-India officials were arrested on charges they misused their authority to force girls and women into a prostitution ring in Kashmir . Omar denied being involved in the scandal , but said he could not "  continue in the office following the allegation " and would not serve again until he is cleared of the charges . "  This is not an ordinary allegation , but a highly serious one . I can not continue in office until I am cleared , " Omar said in the state assembly . He then drove to Raj Bhawan , the official residence of New Delhi-appointed governor N. N. Vohra , to deliver his resignation , according to Devender Rana , Omar 's political adviser . The governor is consulting constitutional and legal experts before deciding on the resignation . The chief minister refused to talk to journalists outside the governor 's residence . The Times of India newspaper Tuesday quoted highly placed sources in India 's Central Bureau of Investigation as saying that Omar 's name never came up in the prostitution probe . Omar came into office in January following elections in late 2008 that saw the highest voter turnout in the region in nearly 20 years , since the eruption of a secessionist insurgency . Voters went to the polls in large numbers , despite a separatist call for a boycott of the voting . Most recently , the chief minister has been working to defuse tensions that are still running high following the arrest of four police officers in the probe of the alleged rape and murder of two young Muslim women in May . Two people have died and many have been injured in more than 300 violent clashes between Muslim protesters and Indian security forces stemming from the case . The arrests included the former police chief of south Kashmir 's Shopian district and three of his subordinates , who are accused of "  destruction of evidence " and "  dereliction of duty " in connection with the deaths , which occurred in the town of Shopian . Kashmir has been in the throes of a bloody secessionist campaign for nearly two decades in which , according to official figures , 43,000 people have been killed . Various rights groups and non-governmental organizations here , however , dispute the official statistics -- claiming that the number killed during the last two decades is twice the official figure .	Chief minister of Indian-administered Kashmir tenders his resignation Omar Abdullah accused of being involved in a 2006 sex scandal He denies allegation he was involved in a prostitution ring
CNN  -- Waving and cheering like survivors of some kind of disaster , 200 guests of a Hong Kong business hotel who were confined for a week due to a swine flu scare left the building Friday . The guests and hotel employees were kept in the Metropark Hotel for a week . Businessmen , families and tourists marched out of the Metropark Hotel in the Wanchai bar district at 8:30 p.m.  8:30 a.m. ET  Friday when the quarantine was lifted . None of them had the H1N1 virus , as swine flu is technically called , but health authorities imposed the lockdown May 1 after another hotel guest from Mexico was diagnosed with the disease . Dragging luggage and carrying purses and backpacks , they were applauded and cheered by hotel workers and local officials , who formed what looked like a receiving line to send them off . "  I am very happy ! " one man shouted as he left . Watch more about the guests ' release " Throngs of photographers and reporters stood behind metal barricades to capture images of their departure . The worst part of their confinement ? "  The food . And no wine ! " said a French woman . Several of the departing guests were headed to the airport but , surprisingly , the majority took up the government 's offer of free accommodation at two other hotels so they could see the city they never got to visit . The quarantine was imposed more than a week ago after the 25-year-old guest from Mexico tested positive for swine flu . Hong Kong health officials -- unwilling to see a repeat of the SARS epidemic in 2004 that killed nearly 300 people -- placed the hotel on lockdown . Images from a British hotel guest " Coincidentally the Mexican patient was released from the Princess Margaret Hospital Friday , nearly an hour after the guests who had been quarantined at the hotel , a hospital spokesman said . Deputy Director of Home Affairs Adeline Wong said in a statement that after a final medical check , hotel guests would be given medical certificates allowing them to travel . But the hotel is not open for business as usual after their departure . The building will be closed for intense cleaning and disinfecting , according to Hong Kong Secretary for Food and Health Dr. York Chow . About 100 hotel staff members were also confined to the premises due to the quarantine . During that time , many guests stayed cocooned in their tiny rooms , flipping through channels on the television or staying connected with their work colleagues via Internet chats . They all had to take a 10-day dose of anti-viral medication . None tested positive for the virus . With no pool to lounge by and just one restaurant to pick from , guests milled about in the lobby to pick up food or get their temperatures taken once a day . "  We go down to the lobby for food and then back to the room to eat your food , " Leslie Carr , a British man , said Thursday . Outside , bars and clubs lay only a short walk away . But police in face masks guarded the doors , barring exit , as packs of reporters and camera crews peered through the hotel 's glass windows . CNN 's Pauline Chiou and Saeed Ahmed contributed to this report .	200 guests of Hong Kong hotel freed after being confined a week due to swine flu Hong Kong health officials were unwilling to see a repeat of SARS Hotel to remained closed for intensive cleaning and disinfecting , official says
Washington  CNN  -- In another public embarrassment for the Air Force 's nuclear missile program , two crew members were disciplined earlier this year for leaving silo blast doors open while they were on duty in an underground facility housing nuclear missiles . The incidents , first reported by the Associated Press , were confirmed Wednesday by the Air Force . Under Air Force regulations , a two-man missile launch crew is required to keep the underground blast door shut when one crew member is asleep during the 24-hour shift . In April a crew member was found "  derelict in his duties in that he left the blast door open in order to receive a food delivery from the onsite chef " while the other crew member was on an authorized sleep break , Air Force spokesman Lt. Col. John Sheets said in a statement . The crew member who was found "  derelict " received a punishment of forfeiting $ 2,246 in pay for each of two months . The other crew member admitted to similar misconduct "  on a few occasions " and received a letter of admonishment . The April incident occurred at Minot Air Force Base in North Dakota In May , at Malmstrom Air Force Base in Montana , a maintenance team was allowed into an underground launch control center while one crew member was sleeping , in violation of rules . In this case , the commander of the crew , when questioned about the incident , told the deputy to lie about being asleep , which she initially did , according to officials . The incident was investigated , and both crew members were disciplined . The commander is forfeiting $ 3,045 in pay for each of two months and facing a discharge board . The silo blast doors are at the bottom of a shaft that leads to the launch control center . The heavy-duty blast doors are meant to protect the launch control center in event of a nuclear blast . That center controls up to 10 missile silos . Air Force officials insist security was not compromised in these incidents because there are multiple layers of security above ground that would keep unauthorized personnel from gaining access to a launch control center . The centers are generally 40 feet to 100 feet underground , and the two-man crew controls as many as 10 missile silos . There also are multiple layers of security surrounding nuclear launch codes . But the disclosures come on the heels of the firing of the two-star general in charge of the Air Force 's three nuclear wings . Earlier this month , Maj. Gen. Michael Carey was "  relieved " of command "  due to a loss of trust and confidence in his leadership and judgment , " the Air Force said at the time . Carey 's removal had to do with reports of alleged misbehavior on a business trip . In August , one of the Air Force 's nuclear wings failed a safety and security inspection and a separate wing did poorly in an inspection earlier in the year , which resulted in 17 military personnel being decertified from their jobs . They have since undergone retraining and are back at work .	Two disciplined for leaving silo blast doors open Air Force says security was not compromised Disclosure follows firing of two-star general
CNN  -- We have long moved on from the idea of African design being simply Africa centered . In the past couple of years it has made it onto catwalks in Paris , New York , Milan and beyond . And of course , as with any competitive market , there will always be new talent changing the game . In African fashion today , names like Lanre Da-Silva Ajayi , Thula Sindi , Deola Segoe , Ozwald Boateng and more are praised in the hallways of fashion houses . And now there is a new breed of designers who have caught the attention of fashion enthusiasts in Africa and abroad . So here are seven emerging African designers to watch out for this year . Shakara Couture Ewemade Erhabor-Emokpae has had a long obsession with the vintage glamor of the 1920s and 50s . Her design label -- Shakara Couture -- has encompassed the aesthetics , ambiance and essence of the present couture era and added an African flair . Officially launched in 2012 , the design label had its first major debut at the Music Meets Runway 2012 event where African designers clamoured together to unveil their late 2012 collections . Her collection was filled with long luxurious dresses with lace detail , creative fascinators , wide brim hats and satin gloves . Recently , she released a few photos from her 2013 collection titled "  There is No Such Thing As Too Much Glamor . " The campaign photos showcased a young housewife carrying about her daily chores dressed to the nines . Read this : Africa Fashion Week hits London catwalks Kaela Kay When I first encountered the Kaela Kay design label I was immediately struck with its big and loud prints and funky designs . Created by Ghanaian designer Catherine Addai the label thrives on its passion to transform bold and extravagant prints into feminine , sexy and modern clothes for the modern woman . Addai has created the Kaela Kay woman to stand out . The Kaela Kay woman is a refined socialite who walks with her shoulders back and her head held high . Apart from her label 's aesthetics , which always have a professional outlook , another reason why the Kaela Kay brand caught my attention was because of its take on prints . It moves to re-interpret print combinations while still keeping its African foundations . Kitschai When the 2013 collection "  Unicorns and Bullet Wounds " from Kitschai was released , fashion enthusiasts were engulfed by a wave of curiosity . The design label introduced an edgy and risquÃ © collection that was n't typical of Nigerian designers and has not been seen elsewhere in this year 's batch of collections . Created by London-based Nigerian Andrea Ushedo , she incorporated her punk/retro personality into the designs , making them just dark and edgy enough . With such an impressive debut , one can only wait in anticipation for what the label will bring out next . Love April Whenever I think of the Ghanaian Love April design label , I think of sultry and feminine designs with a hint of African detail . Nina Barkers-Woode launched the Love April brand in 2011 . She started it as a label offering ready-to-wear clothes for women , as well as leather goods and accessories . Read this : Glorious fashion in the desert According to her interview with Shadders Africa : "  It embodies today 's woman with the marriage between sophistication and sexiness which allows her to step into the world , wherever that might be , feeling and looking confident . " She last showcased her 2012/2013 collection at Ghana Fashion Week 2012 , where it received a lot of praise . Milq & Honey Dark earthy tones , gold panel details and a twist to every piece are the three qualities that come to mind every time I look at a collection piece from Milq & Honey . Owned by Gabriella and Kelly Davids , the South African label speaks to the confident woman who is sexy and edgy , yet glamorous and classy . Their clothes are inspired by energetic colors , animals and the natural patterns and shapes of the Earth . At the Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Cape Town 2013 they debuted their 2013 collection , which was a mix of light and dark . They started off with a dark ensemble of typical Milq & Honey garments and then went off into a birth of colors in neon and summer-appropriate casual wear . Ernest Mahomane With the experience gathered from being trained by Gavin Rajarh , Ernest Mahomane 's eponymous label could easily pass off as one that has been in the business for years . The label opened the Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Cape Town 2013 with an amazing combination of white and red dresses with gathered tulle , fitted bustiers and enhanced shoulder cuts that were as daring and serene as its Spring/Summer 2013/14 collection . The clothes have a smooth and classy appearance that is n't overdone and is true to the Ernest Mahomane ethos of transcendent beauty . Read this : Taking African colors to America 's Deep South Fenix Couture This Nigerian-Canadian design label reminds me a lot of the Jewel By Lisa label . Its well-tailored designs and understanding for the female form are both professional and appealing . The brand was created by Josephyn Akioyamen , who started her journey into fashion while living in Lagos , Nigeria . She was constantly surrounded by intricate colors and prints and , of course , African culture . Fenix Couture is a combination of timeless elegance and modern luxury brought to life by stimulating textiles and precision tailoring . With its 2013 Ihotu Collection , the label introduced itself to the world as one not just to watch , but a label that is so transformational that it would last for years to come . Creating a fashion label begins with the birth of passion , after which the dream is filled with enthusiasm and drive . I have only listed seven African designers that are certain to do great things this year and in the years to come , but there are many others that , just like these , are taking the African fashion industry to new heights . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jennifer Obiuwevbi .	BellaNaija.com writer Jennifer Obiuwevbi charts the change in African fashion design Designs from the continent have diversified in shape and style over the years African fashion houses now pioneer international catwalk trends , she says
New Orleans  CNN  -- In a small gun range 20 minutes outside New Orleans , a steady stream of gun enthusiasts fill the air with the scent of gunpowder and the sharp bang of shots . Many of the customers -- a range of ex-military men , off-duty law enforcement officers and a sprinkling of women learning how to handle a firearm for self-protection -- said they have grown up around guns and are leery of interference by the federal government on gun rights . "  Just like drug use is illegal but people still get their hands on drugs -- so , the bad guys are still going to have guns , " said Meredith Timberlake , who came from a family of Marines . "  Well , I 'm going to have a gun too . " Sen. Mary Landrieu  D-Louisiana  is well aware of those concerns . The veteran Democrat will face her states ' voters in a 2014 election , and despite her three terms in the Senate , Landrieu 's seat is widely considered vulnerable . CNN Poll : Importance of guns soars , as do gun owner concerns She has already drawn a Republican challenger , who has worked to tie Landrieu to the policies of President Barack Obama and charged she does not represent the views of many in this deeply red Southern state . Landrieu , in an interview with CNN during a small business event in Boston , emphasized her independence from Washington . Despite the president 's aggressive support for expanding background checks for gun purchasers , Landrieu said she has not decided whether she 'll support a Senate bill on the matter . Background checks on gun sales : How do they work ? When asked about recent polls finding 90 % of Americans support universal background checks , Landrieu said : "  I do n't know what the number is in Louisiana . " "  I 'm not the president of the United States , I 'm the senator from Louisiana , " Landrieu said . "  So I really will follow what the people in my state want me to do on that issue . " Landrieu said she would n't weigh in on background checks "  until I see the bills and then I 'll decide how I 'm going to vote . But there 's no question about my support for the Second Amendment . " CNN Poll : Background checks popular , worrisome Months after the massacre of elementary school students in Newtown , Connecticut , there is intense pressure for Congress to address gun violence . A third-party group , New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg 's Mayors Against Illegal Guns , has rolled out an ad in Louisiana urging Landrieu to support new gun legislation . The group has also directed spots at other lawmakers on the fence about reforms , including several other Democrats up for re-election in 2014 . And there are some signs that a bill like one announced by a bipartisan group of senators Wednesday on background checks may be more palatable to voters . A Quinnipiac poll released in early April found 91 % of voters across the country support universal background checks . "  I think we should be doing that anyway . I think that 's part of our responsibility , " said Keith Moody , a former Marine who works in law enforcement and supports expanding the background check system . "  I think responsible gun owners would agree that 's a reasonable request that our government or local law enforcement put on us . When you start going past that is when I think people get nervous about it or have strong feelings one way or the other , " Moody said . Before the play date , the gun talk As the Senate prepares to consider gun legislation as early as Thursday , Landrieu will have to cast a vote . "  If there is a lot of support and we can get background checks done and not infringe on the right of people to own guns or to pass them down to their children or grandchildren , we 'll figure out a way to do that , " Landrieu said . "  I do know that people in Louisiana want the right to own a gun and feel that it 's , you know , part of our culture and history , and we 're not going to infringe upon that right . "	Sen. Mary Landrieu is a conservative Democrat representing the red state of Louisiana "  I really will follow what the people in my state want me to do " on gun control , she said This despite national polls that show 90 % support background checks
ISIS is planning to mint its own currency in gold , silver and copper , the group said Thursday . Its aim is to stay away from the "  tyrant 's financial system , " ISIS said in a statement . It said it would issue another statement to explain the new currency 's exchange rate , and where it can be found . The currency will include seven coins : two gold , three silver and two copper . The move is "  purely dedicated to God " and will remove Muslims from the "  global economic system that is based on satanic usury , " ISIS said . The terror group , which calls itself the Islamic State , has seized large swaths of territory in Iraq and Syria . It seeks to establish an Islamic caliphate in the region . "  Unlike its predecessor al Qaeda , which raised money principally from external sources ... ISIS is principally , primarily self-funded , " Jimmy Gurule , a former U.S. Treasury undersecretary , told CNN 's "  The Lead with Jake Tapper " on Thursday . How ISIS makes its millions He said its funding comes from oil , ransom payments , taxes and the sale of stolen artifacts . "  This is the wealthiest terrorist organization that the world has ever known , and so with that kind of money it 's hard to understand -- what 's the potential ? What could they do with that ? " Gurule said . He added : "  The difficulty , of course , with that kind of money is you ca n't just put that money in shoe boxes and place it under your mattress . It has to enter into the financial system at some point in time . So I think the Treasury needs to be focusing on banks -- banks in Qatar for example , and in Kuwait -- that may be the recipients and handling money for ISIS . " Everything to know about the rise of ISIS	An expert describes ISIS as the world 's wealthiest terrorist organization The currency will include seven coins : two gold , three silver and two copper , according to ISIS The group says its aim is to stay away from the "  tyrant 's financial system " ISIS has seized large swaths of territory in Iraq and Syria
CNN  -- A journalist who has criticized NBC 's coverage of the London Olympics has been suspended from Twitter after using the site to publish a network executive 's private e-mail address and urge followers to message him . Guy Adams , the Los Angeles correspondent for London 's Independent newspaper , said he was tossed from the site Sunday after a series of posts , beginning Friday , that were critical of NBC 's decision to delay airing the Games ' Opening Ceremony and other events . "  The man responsible for NBC pretending the Olympics have n't started yet is Gary Zenkel , " read one post from Friday referring to the network , which has exclusive broadcast rights to the London Olympics in the United States . "  Tell him what u think ! " That post then listed Zenkel 's e-mail address . Adams did n't notice any repercussions until he checked his account Sunday , he said . "  When I logged on , I was presented with a message saying it had been ` suspended , ' " Adams wrote in a post for the Independent . "  If I had any questions , I was asked to click on a link and fill in an online form . " -LSB- Monday -RSB- morning , I heard back from Twitter . In what was apparently an automated e-mail , I was told that : ` Your Twitter account has been suspended for posting an individual 's private information such as private e-mail address . ' It then contained a copy of my tweet regarding Mr. Zenkel . " Twitter spokeswoman Rachael Horowitz said the company does n't "  comment on individual users for privacy reasons . " Twitter 's terms of use forbid posting other people 's personal information . The site says it does n't monitor tweets but investigates if a user complains that they 've been affected . NBC Sports has confirmed that it complained about the post . "  We filed a complaint with Twitter because a user tweeted the personal information of one of our executives , " the company said in a written statement . "  According to Twitter , this is a violation of their privacy policy . Twitter alone levies discipline . " Opinion : Is it really #NBCfail ? Twitter does say that posting information that 's already been published online does n't violate its terms . Some people critical of the move say that should have saved Adams , because a Web search for Zenkel 's e-mail address will turn it up . As Mashable 's Chris Taylor writes , however , it 's not easily found , and it is featured most prominently on an anti-NBC petition . Twitter and NBC Universal have a partnership during the Olympics through which the social media service is collecting tweets from athletes and fans and displaying them all on one page . Adams has used Twitter and his articles to fire withering criticism at NBC over how it has handled Olympic coverage . In tweets that have since been deleted , he accused NBC of "  disgusting money grabbing " and called the company "  utter , utter bastards . " Live or later : What 's your ideal Olympics coverage ? Many users have taken to Twitter to speak against his suspension , saying it appears linked to his critiques . "  The Guy Adams Twitter ban illustrates three tendencies of hegemonic power ; 1  hates criticism , 2  takes itself seriously 3  no sense of fun , " posted Scottish novelist Irvine Welsh , the author of "  Trainspotting . " Others , though , noted that the posting of Zenkel 's e-mail makes it a somewhat murkier question . "  If criticizing NBC over how it 's handled the Olympic coverage were cause for suspension Twitter would pretty much be empty right about now , " wrote tech industry analyst Michael Gartenberg .	Critic of NBC 's Olympic coverage is suspended from Twitter Guy Adams of London 's Independent tweeted an NBC executive 's e-mail address NBC complained and Twitter says that 's against its rules Adams had criticized NBC 's decision to not air events live
People using Google to search for information about their medical problems may soon get another source of information : a real-time chat with a doctor . The search giant has confirmed to tech blog Engadget that it is testing a system that would offer video chats with doctors to people whose search terms involve medical symptoms . Google told the site that the company is paying for the feature while it 's in the testing phase . But it 's likely that it would be a paid feature if it is rolled out to the public at large . Google did not immediately reply to a message seeking comment for this story . Doctors are famously frustrated by patients who search for symptoms online . While there are quality sites out there , such open-ended searches can convince people they 're sicker than they really are , and more dubious sites can offer sketchy advice about how to treat the symptoms . For patients , a paid , online visit with a doctor could still be cheaper , and more convenient than an actual visit . In an image on photo site Imgur , a screen capture presumably from someone testing the feature shows a video link with the words "  Talk to a doctor now . " The feature 's information box reads , "  Based on your search query , we think you are trying to understand a medical condition . Here you can find health care providers who you can visit with over video chat . All visit costs are covered by Google during this limited trial . "	Google testing doctor video-chat feature The feature would be available when people search medical terms It 's free during testing , but would presumably cost if made public
CNN  -- In week five of the upcoming NFL season , the Super Bowl champion Seattle Seahawks will play a nameless opponent . At least that 's what it will look like in the sports pages of the hometown Seattle Times newspaper because that 's when the Seahawks travel to Washington to play a team whose name has become a political football . "  It 's time to ban the use of "  Redskins , " " wrote sports editor Don Shelton , who called the nickname "  absurd , offensive and outdated . " "  The most controversial name in sports wo n't appear again in The Seattle Times ' print edition or on the seattletimes.com home pages as long as I am sports editor , " Don Shelton announced in a Thursday column . Seattle 's only major daily print newspaper joins a growing list of others -- such as the Kansas City Star and San Francisco Chronicle -- that have chosen to do the same . Others outlets such as Slate , New Republic and Mother Jones have banned the word too , though those publications are n't exactly known for the breadth of their football coverage . A couple of hours to the south in Portland , the Pacific Northwest 's other major daily -- the Oregonian -- banned the word outright in the early '90s . Back then , the Seattle Times was limiting its use to one mention per article and leaving it out of headlines and photo captions , according to Shelton . "  The decision felt progressive at the time , " he said . "  B  ut now we need to go further . " The usage of Native American imagery in sports has been a long-simmering controversy . The Redskins have increasingly become the primary focus of a campaign of sensitivity that has thus far failed to sway professional sports teams . In fact , some of the very same papers that have banned "  the R-word " have done no such thing when it comes to the Native American-inspired Atlanta Braves , Kansas City Chiefs and Cleveland Indians . Is banning "  Redskins " then a double standard ? No , says Shelton . "  Some argue that if you ban Redskins , you have to ban all other Native American mascots . I do n't agree , " he wrote . "  Other Native American nicknames  do n't generate the same visceral reaction . " The collegiate level has been less reluctant to heed mounting calls for change . In 2005 , the NCAA sought to end the controversy surrounding Native American mascots once and for all by ordering nearly 20 schools whose nicknames and mascots they deemed "  abusive in terms of race , ethnicity or national origin " to either get Native American permission to use their name and likeness , or to come up with new monikers . Opinion : Is end near for Redskins ? It 's about time Patent office cancels Redskins trademarks Reclaiming the Native American voice	Seattle Times becomes latest paper to stop using the name " Redskins " Sports editor : "  The most controversial name in sports wo n't appear again " in print or online editions Kansas City Star , San Francisco Chronicle , The Oregonian do n't use the word either
Kathmandu , Nepal  CNN  -- A 73-year-old Japanese woman on Saturday became the oldest woman to climb Mount Everest breaking her own 10-year-old record . Tamae Watanabe reached the top of the 8,848-meter  29,028 feet  peak at 7 a.m , according to Ang Tshering , of the China Tibet Mountaineering Association . Watanabe climbed Everest from the nothern slope in Tibet-China and started on her final part of her climb at 8:30 p.m. Friday leaving the 8,300-meter staging area with three sherpas . The final push to the summit was made at night because it becomes very windy after mid-morning . In 2002 , at the age of 63 , she reached the summit from the southern slope in Nepal . Everest lies on the border of Nepal and Tibet-China . The oldest person to climb Everest is Nepali national Min Bahadur Sherchan who achieved the feat at the age of 76 in 2008 . The youngest person is American teenager Jordan Romero from California who reached the summit in 2010 when he was 13 . In 2011 , an 82-year-old man died on the mountain while trying to set the record of being the oldest person to reach the summit . So far about 4,000 people have climbed Everest .	Tamae Watanabe also climbed the mountain in 2002 when she was 63 The oldest person to climb the Everest was 76 The youngest person was a 13-year-old American
CNN  -- Iran 's parliament on Thursday approved the Cabinet nominations of a suspected terrorist and the first woman minister in the Islamic republic 's 30-year history . Iran 's first woman minister Marzieh-Vahid Dastjerdi . She will head the health ministry . Lawmakers approved the nomination of Ahmad Vahidi for its defense minister post . He is a former leader of the Iranian Revolutionary Guard and one of six former and current Iranian officials sought by Interpol for the bombing of a Buenos Aires Jewish center 15 years ago . Of those Cabinet choices approved by parliament , Vahidi won the highest number of votes . Argentina 's Foreign Ministry has deplored the nomination of Vahidi , who is accused of working with Lebanon 's Hezbollah militants in carrying out the 1994 attack . Marzieh-Vahid Dastjerdi was approved as the nation 's health minister . She is the first female minister since the Islamic republic was founded . Iranian lawmakers gave their votes of confidence to 18 of the 21 nominees proposed by President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad -- who entered a second term of office after a disputed presidential election . Two of those who failed to get the required majority votes enabling them to start work officially were female nominees : Sousan Keshavarz for the education ministry and Fatemeh Ajorlou for welfare and social security . Hundreds of thousands of Iranians took to the streets for more than two weeks to protest the June 12 election results , calling them fraudulent after Ahmadinejad was declared the overwhelming winner . More than 1,000 people were arrested in a government crackdown , and Iran said at least 30 people were killed in post-election violence .	Islamic Republic appoints its first ever woman minister Marzieh-Vahid Dastjerdi Lawmakers also approve nomination of Ahmad Vahidi for its defense minister post Vahidi , a former leader of the Iranian Revolutionary Guard is a suspected terrorist
CNN  -- Rory McIlroy says he is desperate to get back on track in Abu Dhabi after a disappointing first round of the new season . Fresh from signing his new bumper multi-year deal with Nike , McIlroy struggled to adapt to his new clubs and hit two double bogeys on his way to a three-over-par 75 . Playing alongside stablemate Tiger Woods , who finished level for the day , McIlroy failed to impress on his return to the course where he came second behind Robert Rock last year . Nike unveils Rory McIlroy : Tiger 's heir apparent But the World No. 1 says he will improve when he steps out for his second round Friday . "  Yeah , a bit of rust for sure , " he told reporters , after being asked why he started so poorly . "  Not playing any competitive golf for eight weeks . I guess when you 're going out with new stuff , you 're always going to be a little bit anxious about hitting it close like you 've done on the range and today that was n't quite the case . Hopefully I can do that tomorrow . "  I was really happy with the way the ball is in the wind . I was really happy with the irons and the wedge play . "  I was n't very comfortable off the tee , but just because I did n't feel like I was swinging it that well . " How player power tipped Ryder Cup captaincy McIlroy 's European Ryder Cup teammate Justin Rose leads the way on five-under-par alongside Irish Open champion Jamie Donaldson . Rose shot a bogey-free round of 67 but is expecting both Woods and McIlroy to threaten as the competition progresses . "  It 's the first round of the year . There are a lot of factors involved , certainly a lot of factors for Rory involved this week , " he said . Tiger-Rory ` bromance ' : Can sports rivals really be friends ? "  That 's not his normal preparation with what he has had to obviously encounter the last couple of weeks , I 'm sure . "  Tiger shot level and that 's well within the golf tournament . So for me there 's really no surprises there . " Defending champion Rock finished on 76 , while Ernie Els , playing alongside Rock and Rose , had a 71 , the same as Martin Kaymer .	Rory McIlroy endured a difficult first day in Abu Dhabi following round of three-over-par World No. 1 used his Nike clubs for first time since signing bumper pay deal Tiger Woods finishes level for the day after carding a 72 Justin Rose and Jamie Donaldson lead the way on five-under after first round
NEW YORK  CNN  -- As his presidency nears its end , a reflective President Bush suggested Tuesday that he regrets some of his more blunt statements on the war on terrorism over the last eight years and said he wishes he had not spoken in front of a "  Mission Accomplished " banner only a month after U.S. troops in Iraq were deployed . President Bush says his wife told him that as president , he should watch his words carefully . "  I regret saying some things I should n't have said , " Bush told CNN 's Heidi Collins when asked to reflect on his regrets over his two terms as president . "  Like ` dead or alive ' and ` bring 'em on . ' My wife reminded me that , hey , as president of the United States , be careful what you say . " The interview , aboard the USS Intrepid in New York , came after the president addressed a Veterans Day ceremony . Shortly after the attacks of September 11 , the president said of al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden : "  I want justice . There 's an old poster out West that said , ` Wanted , dead or alive . ' " Watch President Bush talk about his regrets " Bush was also criticized in 2003 for his answer addressing insurgents in Iraq . "  There are some who feel like that the conditions are such that they can attack us there . My answer is , bring 'em on , " he said then . On Tuesday , the president also referenced the moment aboard the USS Abraham Lincoln on May 1 , 2003 , during which he declared an end to major combat operations in Iraq . "  They had a sign that said ` Mission Accomplished . ' It was a sign aimed at the sailors on the ship , but it conveyed a broader knowledge . To some it said , well , Bush thinks the war in Iraq is over , when I did n't think that . But nonetheless , it conveyed the wrong message . " The president , whose legacy is sure to be hotly debated for decades , said there also is much he is proud of . "  I am proud to be the commander in chief of people who are so selfless and so courageous that they would volunteer to serve our country in a time of war , " he said . "  I 'm proud when I see people feed the hungry . I 'm proud when I 'm in Africa and see volunteers helping those citizens dying of HIV/AIDS . " In the wide-ranging interview , the president also discussed his Monday meeting with President-elect Barack Obama and said he consulted former President Clinton before his meeting with the future commander in chief . "  I remember the conversation I had with my predecessor Bill Clinton , " Bush said . "  As a matter of fact , -LSB- I -RSB- called him yesterday and said , ` Bill , I 'm getting ready to meet with the new president , and I remember how gracious you were to me . I hope I can be as gracious to President-elect Obama as you were to me . ' " Bush described the atmosphere in his Oval Office meeting with Obama as relaxed and said he offered the future president advice on the transition process . Bush also said Obama was specifically interested in how his two young daughters would adjust to life in the White House . "  It was interesting to watch him go upstairs , " Bush said . "  He wanted to see where his little girls were going to sleep . Clearly , this guy is going to bring a sense of family to the White House , and I hope Laura and I did the same thing . But I believe he will , and I know his girls are on his mind and he wants to make sure that first and foremost , he is a good dad . And I think that 's going to be an important part of his presidency . " Bush said he plans to return to Texas after he leaves office January 20 and "  may write a book " but otherwise has few plans . "  No doubt I 'm heading straight home . I miss Texas ; I love Texas ; I 've got a lot of friends in Texas . "  I 'll probably get back and take a deep breath , " he said . Bush said he has begun to think about an outline for the book . "  I want people to know what it was like to make some of the decisions I had to make , " he said . "  In other words , what was the moment like ? And I 've had one of those presidencies where I 've had to make some tough calls , and I want people to know the truth about what it was like sitting in the Oval Office . " Bush expressed regret that Republican presidential nominee John McCain did not win the presidency but called the election of Obama "  good for our country . " "  The election of Barack Obama is an historic moment for our country . There are a lot of people in America who did not believe they would ever see this day . It is good for our country that people have hope in the system and feel vested in the future and President-elect Obama has a great opportunity , " Bush said . "  I really do wish him all the best . I am just as American as he is American , and it is good for our country that the president succeeds . "	In CNN interview , president reflects on his term "  Mission Accomplished " banner , "  dead or alive " comment among his regrets He says meeting with Obama was relaxed , Obama will bring sense of family Bush says Texas , book in his post-presidential future
CNN  -- Shaquille O'Neal filed a motion Thursday to dismiss a lawsuit in which a former worker accuses the NBA star of hacking into his personal accounts and attempting to frame him for using child porn . Shawn Darling , who was O'Neal 's personal computer consultant from 2008 to 2009 , said the NBA center acted in retaliation because Darling had proof that O'Neal cheated on his wife with several women . But O'Neal 's lawyer claims in the motion that Darling illegally obtained the supposedly incriminating e-mails , text messages and voice mails to support his "  baseless " lawsuit in an effort to "  extort " O'Neal and sully his name . "  Darling reveals his true intent and methodology in using the stolen material , " O'Neal 's Miami-based lawyer , Benjamine Reid , writes in the motion . "  The Complaint 's rambling , unsupported allegations , through which Darling alleges that he possesses substantial knowledge that would harm the Defendant both in a separate and unrelated lawsuit , as well as in the public eye at large , render Darling 's nefarious motive clear . " The 13-page response , filed Thursday in Miami-Dade Circuit Court , also argues that Darling 's claims of privacy invasion , racketeering and intentional infliction of emotional distress are unsupported by any legal theory . "  Even if everything he was saying were true , we believe there is no basis in the law to bring the case , " Reid told CNN Thursday . "  But in this case , none of it 's true . " The salacious 15-page complaint describes O'Neal 's alleged dealings with three women and his ex-wife , whom he was divorcing at the time . Darling claims he was drawn into O'Neal 's tangled affairs as a computer consultant , eventually acquiring enough information to make him a liability that O'Neal then sought to have arrested , according to the lawsuit , which was filed in August and reported Wednesday for the first time on RadarOnline.com . Reid said the lawsuit came about after O'Neal refused to pay Darling $ 12 million in return for copies of physical and electronic files that Darling , a convicted felon , stole from O'Neal while he was working for him . Darling 's lawyer , however , said the e-mails , texts and pictures in his possession came from accounts in Darling 's name that O'Neal asked him to set up for him to use to contact his various mistresses . When O'Neal realized the damning nature of the evidence Darling had , he began working with associates and contacts in law enforcement to have Darling arrested for possessing child porn on his computer , Darling 's attorney , Menachem Mayberg said . Darling filed the lawsuit out of a real fear that O'Neal would act on his alleged plans , the lawyer said . "  I do n't need anyone to take my client 's word for it . I have the evidence : Text messages from Shaq , e-mails complaining about how my client is going to ruin him , " Mayberg said Wednesday . "  Anyone who says the evidence is not there , he 'll eat those words . " O'Neal , who this summer signed with the Boston Celtics , employed Darling while O'Neal lived primarily in Miami . During that time , Darling performed various odd jobs that gave him access to O'Neal 's e-mail and cell phone accounts , the complaint states . Darling 's lawyer claims he was hired as an independent contractor for the specific purpose of helping him retrace all the e-mails and texts he 'd sent to Alexis Miller , a woman who claimed to have a relationship with O'Neal , and who 'd accused him of harassment . "  In the end , my client could n't get AOL to give him all the information from -LSB- O'Neal 's -RSB- account without getting lawyers involved , " Mayberg said . "  After that , Shaq used my client and his personal property to send text messages and e-mails to contact his mistresses . " The lawsuit contains allegations that O'Neal used law enforcement contacts to obtain information about Alexis Miller , and that he hacked into a phone belonging to Vanessa Lopez , erasing messages and changing her password . The lawsuit also accuses O'Neal and an associate of throwing his computer into a lake after Darling performed a " ` Defense Department ' type wipe " of the computer . Darling also claims that O'Neal believes he has pictures of him with Dominica Westling . As a result , the lawsuit alleges , O'Neal has attempted to "  control " Darling 's actions through threats of violence and attempts to frame him for possession of child pornography and to have him arrested using O'Neal 's extensive law enforcement contacts . "  O'Neal knows that Darling not only has knowledge of his bad acts that might be used against him in litigation , but O'Neal also knows that Darling has evidence that shows he cheated on his former wife -LSB- Shaunie O'Neal -RSB- with many more people than just Vanessa Lopez , " the lawsuit states . "  Darling is in apprehension and fears for his safety , " the lawsuit says . O'Neal 's lawyer issued a statement after the lawsuit was reported on Wednesday that described Darling as an ex-con who has served time in a federal prison in Wisconsin for misusing Social Security numbers , and said Darling failed to disclose the prison record to O'Neal . An online inmate search of the Federal Bureau of Prisons showed that a man named Shawn Darling was released on March 22 , 2002 . Darling 's lawyer acknowledged his criminal history . "  But that does n't make him liar , " he said . O'Neal 's lawyer , however , said the case would come down to credibility of the parties involved . Reid said Darling used his position to copy O'Neal 's e-mails and communications . Over the past 12 months and through three separate lawyers , he has demanded $ 12 million for their return , Reid said . When O'Neal refused to cooperate with Darling , he filed the lawsuit , Reid said . The complaint seeks unspecified damages and a jury trial . "  It does n't take much to file a suit and unfortunately , this seems pretty common in our society . People target celebrities , " he said .	NEW : Shaquille O'Neal files motion to dismiss privacy invasion lawsuit Former computer consultant says he has proof of O'Neal 's affairs Shawn Darling says the NBA star tried to have him arrested , stole his personal data Lawyer says Darling copied O'Neal 's e-mails , demanded money in exchange for them
CNN  -- Saint Augustine is thought to have claimed that patience is the companion of wisdom . Increase your store of both virtues by following this advice from a truck driver , a world traveler and others who know a thing or two about serenity-threatening situations . Stop imagining the ideal I often grow impatient when I want to be in control of a situation . To avoid getting antsy when I am writing and ca n't find specific words for my thoughts , I try to practice self-compassion . I tell myself that I 'm not going to quit even if I become frustrated . I 'll say out loud , "  You 're not perfect , but that 's OK . Writing can be a messy process , and it 's not ideal , but you can handle it . " Real Simple : How to make positive changes in your life Talking to yourself may feel awkward and goofy , but it quells that feeling of impatience . And it certainly beats foraging for carbs , which I 'm also apt to do when I 'm agitated and have writer 's block . -- BrenÃ © Brown Brown is a research professor at the University of Houston Graduate College of Social Work and the author of the best-selling book "  Daring Greatly . " She has given one of the top 10 most-viewed talks on TED.com . Experience different cultures When you travel the world , you find out that many cultures are n't as punctual and perfectionistic as ours , and encountering those perspectives can mellow you . To work on your patience closer to home , try visiting an area populated by people of a different culture  such as a city 's Chinatown  or take part in a festival held by an immigrant community . Real Simple : What to say in awkward social situations I recently visited a Vietnamese farmers ' market in New Orleans . I was annoyed that it was open only between 6 a.m. and 8 a.m. and I wanted to know why . The answer ? I learned that often in cultures dependent on fishing , much of the work is done before daybreak . It was good to remind myself that simply because people do something differently does n't mean that they 're wrong . -- Seth Kugel Kugel writes the Frugal Traveler column for The New York Times . He lives in New York City and SÃ # o Paulo , Brazil . . Find a distraction Being out on the road for weeks on end can certainly test your patience . My wife and I -- we drive as a team -- have to deal with other drivers and the annoyances of traffic jams , and it 's natural to be anxious in these moments . We overcome that feeling by giving each other something else to think about . Real Simple : 5 mistakes everyone should make For example , my wife tells jokes and catches me up on the latest Facebook posts from friends . Or I 'll talk to my dogs  they also travel with us  , since they provide emotional support without offering any opinions . Those quick moments of distraction recharge me , and I can again focus on the road without being irritated . -- Wade Briggs Briggs , based in Boise , Idaho , is a commercial truck driver for Mayflower , a nationwide full-service moving company . He has been driving a truck for 18 years . Chew your food slowly People who consume food more slowly -- and ignore those "  I 'm hungry " urges -- eat less overall than those who devour their meals . Research has found that impatient people are more likely to be overweight , possibly because of their inability to delay gratification at the dinner table . Real Simple : 5 great things about growing old This practice can help you in other areas of life as well : By eating slowly , you can train yourself to be less impulsive and more patient in general . -- Charles Courtemanche Courtemanche is an assistant professor of economics at Georgia State University in Atlanta . He has studied the relationship between obesity and patience . Laugh at yourself I 'm a newspaper columnist and my husband is a politician , so both of us must be willing to converse with strangers when we 're eating out or shopping for groceries . In the rare moments when people are obnoxious  like the time a woman told me that I needed to get Botox  , I can get impatient . But instead of being rude to the person , I formulate an internal joke , usually at my own expense . Real Simple : 5 ways to win people over Knowing that I can laugh with a friend later on about , say , my deep wrinkles , calms any irritation . -- Connie Schultz Schultz is a Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist and the author of " ... and His Lovely Wife , " which chronicles her experience as the wife of U.S. Sen. Sherrod Brown of Ohio . She lives in Cleveland . Get a FREE TRIAL issue of Real Simple - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2011 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Writer BrenÃ © Brown squelches her impatience by talking to herself A travel writers suggests experiencing a new , different culture Try something small like chewing food slowly , an economics professor suggests
CNN  -- While the visiting national news media focuses on the latest utterances of Republican presidential hopefuls in advance of the January 3 caucuses , many Iowans have found a bone to pick with a journalism professor -- from the University of Iowa , no less -- who wrote : "  Whether a schizophrenic , economically depressed , and some say , culturally challenged state like Iowa should host the first grassroots referendum to determine who will be the next president is n't at issue . ... In a perfect world , no way would Iowa ever be considered representative of America , or even a small part of it . Iowa 's not representative of much . " Iowans are wondering what they did to incur the wrath of Stephen G. Bloom , who for 20 years has taught journalism at the state 's flagship university and shared his observations in an article for The Atlantic magazine titled "  Observations from 20 Years of Iowa Life . " It may be a good thing that Bloom , a native of New Jersey , has been away teaching this semester at the University of Michigan because in trying to explain "  in both a real and metaphysical way , what Iowa is , " he has drawn the ire of Iowans literally from all corners of the state -- from Sibley and Keokuk  whose mayor has invited him to visit and explain the "  a depressed , crime-infested slum town " remark  to Decorah to Shenandoah . In the interest of full disclosure , many of my childhood vacations  including winter  were spent visiting my mother 's parents in Iowa . I graduated from a college in Iowa , and my first full-time job in journalism was at a newspaper in Iowa , so I admit to a certain fondness for the state . And every four years , as the political spotlight shines on Iowa , I share with colleagues whatever helpful insights I can muster . Blitzer 's blog : Turbulence in Iowa The state is not one large cornfield , but driving along Interstate 80 , it can appear that way for long stretches . Visit northeast Iowa along the Mississippi River for proof that the state is not flat . Iowa 's farms not only help feed the United States , but also much of the world , connecting this piece of "  flyover country " to a global view . Still , economists report that agriculture only accounts for roughly one in five jobs in the state . Iowans may be older  the average age continues to increase  , whiter and more rural than the United States in general , but its Latino population is increasing and more of its residents are moving to urban areas . Iowa boasts being among the most literate states in the union  though some years ago state officials abandoned a plan to make "  Iowa : A State of Minds " its license plate slogan  . Politically , over the years Iowans have elected some of the most liberal and some of the most conservative members of Congress . Critics cite numerous examples of a snide tone in Bloom 's writing . Consider his assessment of employment prospects in rural Iowa : "  Those who stay in rural Iowa are often the elderly waiting to die , those too timid  or lacking in educated  to peer around the bend for better opportunities , an assortment of waste-toids and meth addicts with pale skin and rotted teeth , or those who quixotically believe , like Little Orphan Annie , that the sun 'll come out tomorrow . " What makes Iowa 's GOP caucuses unique And while they wait for that sun to come out , Bloom suggests , these Iowans spend their days stepping in manure from barnyard animals and stuffing their gullets with meat loaf , pork chops and Jell-O molds before heading out to a tractor pull or church . Bloom makes nary a mention of the distinguished academics at the state 's universities and colleges , its art museums and orchestras nor even the obvious upgrades to the capital city of Des Moines during the past 20 years . Where he says that "  Iowa is a throwback to yesteryear and , at the same time , a cautionary tale of what lies around the corner , " critics find many of Bloom 's observations to be throwbacks to an Iowa that no longer exists . Many also say there are factual inaccuracies in the article . Sally Mason , president of the University of Iowa , which employs Bloom , objected . "  I disagree strongly with and was offended by Professor Bloom 's portrayal of Iowa and Iowans . Please know that he does not speak for the University of Iowa . As president of the university , I have the opportunity to travel far and wide across this great state frequently , and the Iowa I see is one of strong , hard-working and creative people . In this cynical world that can harden even the greatest optimist , the citizens of Iowa continue to believe , " Mason responded to The Atlantic . "  What defines Iowans are their deeds and actions and not some caricature . When I travel the state , what I see is a land that is rich not only because of its soil but because of how its people are grounded . Iowans are pragmatic and balanced , and they live within their means . This lifestyle , while not glitzy , is humble and true and can weather the most difficult of times , " Mason said . Sports editor Pete Temple of the Monticello Express newspaper agreed with some parts of Bloom 's article , but suggested that "  rather than having some good-natured fun with the quirks and traditions that make rural Iowa life so unique , Bloom 's tone is condescending , apparently designed to mock rural Iowa in front of the rest of the nation . " Bloom , he wrote , "  fails to mention one of rural Iowa 's greatest qualities , which is its ability to rise up and come together for someone in need . You have farmers completing a harvest for a neighbor , fund-raisers for families of ill or injured residents , and citizens filling sandbags to ward against an impending flood . Rural Iowans do these things willingly , immediately , and without question . If that 's not representative of our nation as a whole , that 's a shame . " Dean Klinkenberg , who writes about life along the Mississippi River , offered this scathing assessment : "  Bloom wrote a poorly reasoned article plagued by factual errors and loaded with big-city stereotypes of country folk . His essay was , ultimately , a lazy piece of incendiary rubbish , which I guess is what passes for journalism today . " Bloom shared some of his "  fan mail " with media commentator Jim Romanesko , including this excerpt : "  First I want to apologize for Iowans who may have threatened you . I am a dental student here at the university and grew up in a small Iowa town my whole life  Palo  before coming here . I agree that we have our problems as Iowans but one thing we are is fiercely loyal . Your article is true  for the most part  about rural Iowans but anyone from here , esp us city folk , are going to be upset by that stereotype . " Bloom defended his work in a letter to the Press-Citizen newspaper in Iowa City . "  Perhaps my article gave some Iowans a moment to refocus their attention elsewhere -- from some of the real issues confronting the state -- Walmart taking over the retail-trade sector , empty storefronts , water pollution among the worst in the nation , factories shutting down , the state 's brain drain , undocumented workers taking minimum-wage jobs in the state 's under-regulated slaughterhouses , not to mention the tragedy that anyone can see walking into the state 's casinos . "  I 'm a proud journalist . I still believe in the adage , ` Comfort the afflicted , and afflict the comfortable . ' Today , much of the state is afflicted by a ravaged economy . Iowa 's population growth has flat-lined . But I guess it 's just more comforting to some Iowans to condemn me for pointing out these issues and others . " I 'll give the last word to Lydia Waddington , a native Southerner who was editor of recently closed Iowa Independent . Of her adopted home state , Waddington wrote , also in The Atlantic , "  It 's a way of life trying desperately to sustain itself and justify its own existence . It is battling against national stereotypes that no longer apply while facing newer and much more lethal challenges . "  It 's picturesque scenes of idyllic farms and country roads glimpsed through a car window . It 's everyone believing they know who and what you are before they go fishing with you and the shirt comes off . As Professor Bloom admits in his own writings , he never took up fishing . Bless his heart . "	Iowa professor questions state 's first-in-the-nation role in presidential campaigns Stephen G. Bloom : "  No way would Iowa ever be considered representative of America " His criticisms draw stinging rebuttals from outraged readers who say he misses the point University president retorts : "  Iowans are pragmatic and balanced "
London  CNN  -- Alex Salmond , Scotland 's First Minister , is fond of saying that when the United Nations was first formed in 1945 , it had just 50 members . Today , he adds , that figure has risen to almost 200 . It 's a nice line , although in reality the emergence of a new nation remains relatively rare . But there does seem to be a pattern emerging , in Europe and beyond . In Spain  Catalonia  and Belgium  Flanders  , as well as the United Kingdom  Scotland  , secessionist movements appear to be on the rise . All three have existed for decades , yet they seem particularly lively in the second decade of the 21st century . Thus Salmond , who this weekend addresses delegates at the Scottish National Party 's annual conference in the Scottish city of Perth , likes to talk of Scotland 's "  home rule journey " being part of a bigger international trend . His point is clear : "  independence , " far from being dangerous or unusual , is a natural state of affairs . Professor Robert Young , an expert in secession , says all three countries have a history of regional -- or devolved -- government  relatively recently in the case of the UK  . "  I was considering the old question , " he says , "  about whether regional government structures aid or inhibit secessionist movements . "  It seems to me that they aid them , other things being equal . The secessionist party will come to power , sooner or later , because governments become unpopular . If they then govern well , this serves as a further mobilizing mechanism . " Only recently a secessionist movement , the nationalist party Convergència i Unió first took office in Catalonia in 1980 , while in Scotland the SNP formed a minority government in 2007 -- becoming a majority four years later . In Flanders the Nieuw-Vlaamse Alliantie , which wants gradual secession from Belgium , recently swept the board in municipal elections . This week British Prime Minister David Cameron traveled to Edinburgh to sign an agreement on the terms for a Scottish independence referendum due in October 2014 . In Catalonia , meanwhile , opinion polls suggest a majority favor secession , while snap elections on 25 November are expected to return a regional parliament dominated by pro-independence parties . Secessionist movements in Spain , Belgium and the UK hinge upon a heady mix of national identity , history and economics . Catalonia and Flanders believe that they contribute more to national coffers than they get out . Scottish Nationalists make similar claims -- vis-à-vis North Sea oil -- although the Westminster government refutes that as too simplistic . Anecdotal evidence suggests Basque and Catalan nationalists are watching events in Scotland closely . Iñigo Gurruchaga , a London-based correspondent for the Basque newspaper El Correo , says Spanish politicians and commentators are particularly struck by the willingness of the UK Government to facilitate a referendum on Scottish secession . "  For Basques and Catalans who defend their right to decide their own constitutional arrangements it is seen as proof of a British ` democratic maturity ' that is missing in Spain , " he says . "  It is very doubtful that an agreement similar to the one announced in Edinburgh on Monday would be reached in Spain over the next two years . " "  Once the Scottish referendum is held and the result is known , " adds Gurruchaga , "  it would likely have again a substantial effect on attitudes in Spain . " Young believes relations go even deeper than keeping abreast of news developments . "  Sovereigntist movements , " he says , "  keep in close touch and learn from and encourage each other . " Indeed , in Young 's home country of Canada , the Parti Québécois  PQ  , which recently formed a minority government in the French-speaking province , has not ruled out another referendum on secession  there were others in 1980 and 1995  . The PQ also maintains links with the SNP . Visiting Paris this week , Quebec premier Pauline Marois said Scotland 's quest for independence "  inspires us . " And on a trip to London last month , the veteran Catalan nationalist Jordi Pujol praised Salmond while warning that Scotland might opt for independence if the UK Government did not devolve more power . The SNP leader has clearly studied Pujol 's style closely , echoing the Catalan 's "  gradualist " approach to acquiring more powers short of full independence . But while the world 's nationalist leaders might monitor each other 's progress , support for secession in Quebec , Scotland and Flanders remains a minority view ; only in Catalonia does it appear to total more than 50 % . That could , of course , change , particularly as austerity bites around the world ; nationalist movements , like political parties , rise and fall in popularity . Some parts of the world might even be heading in the opposite direction . On November 6 -- the same day as the U.S. presidential elections -- Puerto Ricans will vote in a plebiscite on the Commonwealth 's constitutional status , choosing between U.S. statehood , independence or "  free association . " The governor , Luis Fortuno , supports statehood as the best option for Puerto Rico , currently a U.S. territory , although opinion polls are inconclusive . Even so , the United Nations would do well to at least clear some desk space in preparation for its 194th member .	Secessionist movements appear to be on the rise in Scotland , Spain and Belgium New deal this week could lead to Scotland 's independence from UK Popular support for full independence across these regions is mixed Secessionist movements hinge upon heady mix of national identity , history and economics
CNN  -- Somalia 's hard-line Islamic group Al-Shabab seized control of Jowhar , the president 's hometown , after a battle with pro-government forces Sunday . An Islamist fighter mans a position in the streets of Mogadishu , Somalia , on Saturday . Jowhar is a major town 55 miles  88 kilometers  southeast of Mogadishu , the capital . "  All businesses are closed and residents are already fleeing while Al-Shabab are roaming the streets , " a local journalist said . The town had been under the control of forces backing the transitional government , which is scrambling to cope with deadly advances from Al-Shabab in Mogadishu . Al-Shabab was once the armed wing of the Islamic Courts Union , which took over most of southern Somalia in the second half of 2006 . The United States says the group is affiliated with the al Qaeda terrorist network , and the U.S. backed an Ethiopian invasion that drove the ICU from power in 2006 . After seizing control of Jowhar on Sunday , the rebels started conducting "  search operations in the police station and the provincial headquarters of the town , " the journalist added . The clashes extended into the suburbs of the town , where sporadic fighting was going on between the rebels and government forces , said the journalist , who requested anonymity for safety reasons . The town 's seizure comes amid escalating tension between Somalia 's transitional government and the Al-Shabab militia , which has waged days-long attacks in the capital . In the latest round of violence , one person was killed and 15 others wounded when mortars slammed into a police academy in Mogadishu on Sunday . Clashes between the rebels and the government in Mogadishu have left at least 103 people dead and 420 wounded , Somali officials said Friday . The east African nation has not had an effective government since 1991 . Last week , a spokesman for the rebel group said that it had successfully recruited more fighters . "  It is not only Somali jihadists that are fighting in Mogadishu against the government , " said Sheikh Hassan Ya ` qub , a spokesman for Al-Shabab . "  There are also foreign Muslim jihadist brothers who are fighting side by side with us . " The new round of fighting stems from an interpretation of sharia , or Islamic law , the spokesman said . Somalia 's new president , Sheikh Sharif Ahmed , recently approved implementing sharia , but the rebel group wants the country to institute a stricter form . Meanwhile , a powerful Islamist warlord defected to the government Saturday after he disagreed with rebel Islamist groups on the war against the transitional government . The warlord , Sheikh Yusuf Mohamud Siad Indha Ade , was the military commander of Hassan Dahir Aweys , who is suspected by the United States of being a terrorist .	Group Al-Shabab is affiliated with al Qaeda , according to the U.S. Clashes between rebels and government killed 103 , wounded 420 , officials say Al-Shabab recently said it has been successful at recruiting more members
