A Cleveland police officer shot 12-year-old Tamir Rice about two seconds after the officer and a partner pulled up in a car to investigate reports that someone was brandishing a gun at a park , surveillance video that police released Wednesday shows . Tamir , who had what police said is an air gun that looked like a real firearm , died Sunday , a day after he was shot outside a recreation center . Police also released two audio recordings Wednesday -- a 911 call preceding the shooting and a tape of a dispatcher asking officers to go to the park . The shooting happened after a person called 911 to report that a black male -- "  probably a juvenile " -- was pointing "  a pistol " at people outside the recreation center . Twice the caller said the gun might be fake . The dispatcher radioed to officers about a black male who was "  pointing a gun at people , " but did not mention that caller 's belief that he could be a minor and that the gun might not be a real firearm , one of the released recordings shows . Police previously said it was n't clear if the responding officers received the information about the suspect 's age or the gun possibly being fake . Authorities are investigating the shooting , and the two officers -- identified Wednesday by police as Timothy Loehmann , 26 , and Frank Garmback , 46 -- are on leave from their jobs . Loehmann joined the department in March , Tomba said . Deputy Police Chief Ed Tomba stressed that his department released the video at the request of Tamir 's relatives , who had seen it privately with authorities ' permission . "  We are honoring the wishes of the family , " Tomba said . " ... This is an obvious tragic event . " In a written statement obtained by CNN affiliate WEWS , the family thanked the police for making the video public . "  It is our belief that this situation could have been avoided and that Tamir should still be here with us , " the family said . "  We ask for the community to remain calm . Please protest peacefully and responsibly . Your prayers , kind words and condolences have meant so much to us . Video shows officer shoot Tamir The video shows Tamir walking along a sidewalk and eventually sitting on a picnic table bench under a gazebo Saturday afternoon , sometimes pointing what appears to be a handgun . Eventually , Tamir emerges from the bench and walks to the edge of the gazebo . A police car drives up to the gazebo , leaving the road and rolling over snowy grass to do so . One of the officers -- the one in the passenger seat -- told Tamir three times to "  show your hands , " Tomba told reporters . "  The officer 's  door was open as they pulled up , " Tomba said . "  He yelled three times as they pulled up . " The eight-minute surveillance video has no audio . Police have said Tamir reached into his waistband and pulled out the weapon . The video shows Loehmann , the passenger-side officer , exiting the car , and Tamir falls down , apparently shot . Between 1.5 to two seconds elapsed from the time the car pulled up to the moment Tamir was shot , Tomba said . At that point , only the passenger-side officer was out of the car , the video shows . One of the officers , radioing to dispatch , reported that a "  black male , maybe 20 , " was down , according to the released radio traffic between the officers and dispatchers . The driver was Garmback , a six-year veteran of the force , according to Tomba . Chief Calvin Williams said that four minutes after Tamir was shot a detective and FBI agent were on the scene . The FBI agent began first aid and paramedics arrived three minutes later . Investigators determined that Tamir 's weapon was an air gun , and that an orange tip that is meant to indicate that it 's not a real firearm had been removed , police said .	Police : Boy , 12 , had pointed weapon in Cleveland park , but it turned out to be air gun Officers went to park after getting 911 call Video shows boy was shot 2 seconds after police car pulled up Police : Officer told boy three times to show hands before the shooting
CNN  -- Illegal immigrants can qualify to pay cheaper in-state tuition rates at California public universities , the state 's Supreme Court ruled Monday . The California Supreme Court 's unanimous decision reversed a ruling by the state Court of Appeals and allowed the state 's higher education institutions to continue their policy of allowing certain unlawful immigrants to pay in-state rates . The lower court had ruled that such immigrants , even if they lived and studied in California , should be treated as "  nonresidents " when it came to how much they paid to go to these schools . The Supreme Court decision addressed federal laws , which appeared to restrict some education-related benefits for illegal immigrants , and state laws , which appeared to authorize such people to receive in-state rates if they qualified . A California state law , which took effect in January 2002 , said those "  without lawful immigration status " -- if they qualify on other grounds -- can get in-state tuition rates if they have "  filed an application to legalize his or her immigration status . " But the plaintiffs in the case pointed to a federal law that stated illegal immigrants can not qualify "  for any postsecondary education benefit "  in this case , lower tuition rates  if other U.S. citizens did n't get the same benefit . In its decision , the California Supreme Court found that federal law did not trump state law in this case . U.S. citizens from outside California , it pointed out , could receive in-state tuition as long as they attended high school in California for three or more years and either graduated from a high school or got their GED in California . The court further stated that illegal immigrants should be treated like anyone from outside California , calling it significant that not all illegal immigrants would qualify for in-state tuition rates , just those who met the criteria . "  We conclude the exemption -LSB- from paying full , nonresident tuition rates -RSB- is not based on residence in California , " the California Supreme Court decision said . "  Rather , it is based on other criteria . " The decision applies to 112 community colleges , 33 universities and two independent postgraduate schools in California 's public postsecondary education system . Christine Helwick , general counsel for the California State University system that represents 23 schools that educate almost 433,000 students statewide , applauded the decision . " -LSB- The ruling -RSB- appropriately expands access and educational opportunities to all legitimate California high school graduates , " Helwick said in a statement . " -LSB- California 's public university system -RSB- continues to advocate that racially and ethnically inclusive college universities better prepare students for the diverse workplace of the future . "	NEW : California 's public universities say decision "  appropriately expands access " The state 's Supreme Court rules illegal immigrants can qualify for in-state tuition The unanimous decision reverses a ruling restricting access to in-state benefits Unlawful immigrants who attended high school in California for three years qualify
Seffner , Florida  CNN  -- Authorities in Florida gave up the search Saturday for a man presumed dead after a sinkhole opened beneath the bedroom of his family 's suburban Tampa home , swallowing him up . The effort to recover the body of Jeff Bush had resumed earlier in the day after authorities stopped operations overnight , saying the hole was still expanding and the house could collapse at any time . "  We just have not been able to locate Mr. Bush and so for that reason the rescue effort is being discontinued , " Mike Merrill , county administrator for Hillsborough County , told reporters Saturday evening . "  At this point , it 's really not possible to recover the body . " Merrill said the next phase in the effort would be demolition of the family 's home , which is scheduled to begin Sunday and could take a couple of days . He stressed that workers were dealing with a "  very unusual sinkhole " -- deep , wide and extremely unstable . "  We 've done everything we believe that we can . We wish we could have done more , " Merrill said . The sinkhole was between 50 and 60 feet deep , he said . The terror for the Bush family began Thursday night , as everybody in the blue , one-story , 1970s-era home in Seffner was going to bed . There was a deafening noise . "  I ran toward my brother 's bedroom because I heard my brother scream , " Jeremy Bush , Jeff Bush 's brother , told CNN 's "  AC360 . " Sinkholes common , costly , sometimes deadly "  Everything was gone . My brother 's bed , my brother 's dresser , my brother 's TV . My brother was gone . " Bush frantically tried to rescue his brother , by standing in the hole and digging at the rubble with a shovel until police arrived and pulled him out , saying the floor was still collapsing . "  I could n't get him out . I tried so hard . I tried everything I could , " he said through tears . "  I could swear I heard him calling out . " The terror of those moments can be heard in a recording of the 911 call in the moments after the sinkhole opened up . "  The house just fell through , " a female voice says on the recording released Friday by the Hillsborough County Sheriff 's Office . The woman asks for an ambulance and the police . "  The bedroom floor just collapsed , and my brother-in-law is in there . He 's underneath the house , " she says . Jeremy Bush and four other people , including a 2-year-old child , were uninjured . After officials called off the search for his brother Saturday , Jeremy Bush spoke to Bay News 9 . "  It 's very hard . It 's not just I lost my brother . They 're so many memories in this house , " he told the CNN affiliate . "  I do n't know what we 're going to do . " Nearby homes were evacuated Friday as a precaution . The sinkhole compromised a house next door to the Bush home , fire department spokesman Ronnie Rivera said . That home was n't damaged as of Saturday morning , but the family that lives there was given up to 30 minutes to remove some belongings before abandoning the premises , he said . Merrill said residents on either side of the Bush home were allowed to go into their houses a short time to retrieve what they could . Sinkholes are common in the state , according to the Florida Department of Environmental Protection . The state lies on bedrock made of limestone or other carbonate rock that can be eaten away by acidic groundwater , forming voids that collapse when the rock can no longer support the weight of what 's above it . Hillsborough County , on Florida 's west coast , is part of an area known as "  sinkhole alley " that accounts for two-thirds of the sinkhole-related insurance claims in the state , according to a Florida state Senate Insurance and Banking Committee report . John Zarrella reported from Seffner , Florida and Dana Ford reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter , Jake Carpenter , Brian Carberry , Elwyn Lopez , Nick Valencia and Tina Burnside contributed to this report .	NEW : Demolition work is set to begin Sunday , could take a couple of days NEW : Sinkhole now believed to be up to 60 feet deep Jeff Bush is presumed dead after a sinkhole opened beneath his room "  We 've done everything we believe that we can , " says an official
Arlington , Texas  CNN  -- A deep freeze across the South appears to have dampened the pre-Super Bowl fun for fans gathering in the Lone Star State . Salt spreaders and plows rumbled through Arlington , where sub-freezing temperatures hung in the air amid a mix of debilitating sleet and snow that canceled hundreds of flights Friday , raising questions about whether the Super Bowl host was ready for the rash of inclement weather . Arlington Mayor Robert Cluck gave the most direct response to critical out-of-towners who showed up days ahead of Sunday 's big game , calling their chilly assessment a Super Bowl-size case of sour grapes . "  They 're probably jealous , " Cluck said . "  Everybody is going to be able get in and out easily . So I do n't pay any attention to that . " But former Super Bowl MVP Kurt Warner called the city "  unprepared " to handle the nation 's biggest sporting event in the wintry weather . "  When you drive around here right now , there 's nothing going on , " Warner said . "  It 's like the city is dead , which you do n't expect Super Bowl week . " NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell was a bit more diplomatic , saying the city faced "  a few challenges that we did n't expect , weather-wise . " The big game will be played in Cowboys Stadium -- a domed arena with a retractable roof . Ice and snow slid off the stadium roof Friday and caused injuries to workers below , authorities said . Gusty winds on the south side of the stadium sent ice falling up to 50-60 feet from the stadium , striking contract employees , according to fire department officials . One man was struck in the head by ice and was in stable condition at John Peter Smith Hospital in Fort Worth , said Lt. Pedro Arevalo of the Arlington Fire Department . Five other men and women had minor injuries , he said . All stadium entrances have been closed except for an adjacent truck tunnel , which workers and visitors will exit through as a precaution , said NFL spokesman Brian McCarthy . "  The ice should be melted off tomorrow , " Arevalo told CNN Friday night , describing the hard freeze as extremely unusual . While Dallas Fort Worth Airport was open , although with reduced traffic , neighboring Love Field Airport in Dallas was closed until Friday afternoon , officials said . Flights later resumed . In Dallas , icy roads forced schools and some government offices to close earlier this week , said mayoral spokesman Frank Librio , who appeared undeterred by the weather . "  We have been planning for this for a whole year , " Librio said of Sunday 's match-up between the Green Bay Packers and the Pittsburgh Steelers . "  We 'll be ready . " Both teams and their fans are cold weather clubs , accustomed to the frozen tundra of Lambeau Field in Green Bay , Wisconsin , and Heinz Field in Pittsburgh . Forecasters say the sub-freezing temperatures are likely to be gone by game day , when a high of 44 degrees is expected . While the weather outside wo n't exactly be balmy , the day might be remembered fondly three years from now . The New Meadowlands Stadium , co-owned by the New York Giants and the Jets , won the bid to host Super Bowl XLVIII in East Rutherford , New Jersey . Fans may then be forced to don winter gloves underneath their giant foam fingers while inside the open-air stadium in what could be the first true cold-weather Super Bowl . The big game has always been played in either domed stadiums or traditionally warm-weather states . The 1967 "  Ice-Bowl , " in which Green Bay eked out a 21-17 win over the Dallas Cowboys in the 35th National Football League championship game , was played amid teeth-chattering temperatures at Lambeau Field . The Packers then traveled to the warmer climate of Miami to defeat the Oakland Raiders 33-14 in Super Bowl II . Sunday 's game , Super Bowl XLV , is scheduled to begin at 6:30 p.m ET . CNN 's Ed Lavandera and Phil Gast contributed to this report .	Ice and snow sliding off Cowboys stadium cause several injuries Former Super Bowl MVP Kurt Warner calls the city "  unprepared " Arlington Mayor Robert Cluck says , "  Everybody is going to be able get in and out easily " Hundreds of flights are canceled in Dallas because of the weather
Washington  CNN  -- The Military Religious Freedom Foundation is fighting fire with new Qurans . The group , which is dedicated to protecting U.S. troops from religious intolerance in the military , is promising to buy one new Quran and donate it to the Afghan National Army for each Quran burned by a Florida minister this weekend . Mikey Weinstein said more than 100 of the active duty troops that he represents have called him wanting to do something about the threat by Pastor Terry Jones to burn at least 200 Qurans on the anniversary of the September 11th terrorist attacks . Weinstein told CNN his group will buy new Qurans and send to them Gen. David Patraeus , the commander of U.S. troops in Afghanistan , so the general can give them to the Afghan National Army . The troops who support Weinstein 's move want to be able to tell Afghan elders who are concerned about Quran burning that there is a group in the United States that feels differently .	Active duty troops asked that something be done Qurans would be given to Afghan troops
CNN  -- In light of the botched Christmas Day airliner bombing aboard Northwest Airlines Flight 253 en route from Amsterdam to Detroit , the Transportation Security Administration has announced new enhanced "  guidelines " requiring airline passengers traveling from  and through  14 different countries to undergo especially rigorous security screening before being able to fly into the United States . Under these new TSA guidelines , security screeners will conduct "  full pat-down body checks " and extensive carry-on luggage checks for all passengers traveling from a country which the U.S. considers to be a "  security risk . " These 14 countries are : Afghanistan , Algeria , Cuba , Iraq , Iran , Lebanon , Libya , Nigeria , Pakistan , Saudi Arabia , Somalia , Sudan , Syria and Yemen . Additionally , passengers traveling from any other foreign country may also be checked at ` random ' as well . These new rules mean that "  every individual flying into the U.S. from anywhere in the world traveling from or through nations that are state sponsors of terrorism or other countries of interest will be required to go through enhanced screening , " the TSA said . On its face , this clear use of ethnic , racial and religious profiling will not achieve greater security in the long term for our country . In fact , by targeting only certain passengers for additional screening , "  blind spots " can be easily identified and duplicitously exploited by violent extremists wishing our country harm . Defenders of the new rules might say they 're only profiling people coming from certain countries , but the fact that 13 of the 14 are Muslim countries makes clear the religious nature of the profiling . This new policy deeply undermines the Obama administration 's stated commitment to civil rights , equality before the law , and a much-needed effort to rebuild U.S.-Muslim world relations since the disastrous presidency of George W. Bush . Under international law , countries including the United States that use race , color , ethnicity , religion or nationality as a proxy for criminal suspicion are in violation of international standards against racial discrimination and multiple treaties to which the U.S. is a party . These include the U.N. Convention for the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination  CERD  and the International Convention on Civil and Political Rights  ICCPR  . The clear alternative is for law enforcement agencies to focus on actual criminal behavior rather than solely on characteristics such as race , religion , ethnicity , or nationality . Senior international security experts have suggested , for example , that such an approach would have increased the chances that suspected shoe-bomber Richard Reid would have been stopped before he successfully boarded an airplane he intended to attack in December 2001 . Among the red flags were that Reid bought a one-way ticket with cash and had no checked luggage . For years , the concept of "  racial profiling " has reportedly undermined important terrorist investigations here in the United States . Most notably , these examples include the April 1995 Oklahoma City bombing in which the two white male domestic terrorists , Timothy McVeigh and Terry Nichols , were able to flee while officers operated on the theory that the act had been committed by "  Arab terrorists " for the first 48 hours of the investigation . Similarly , during the October 2002 Washington-area sniper investigation , the African-American man and boy ultimately accused of the crime reportedly were able to pass through multiple road blocks with the alleged murder weapon in their possession , in part , because police ` profilers ' theorized the crime had been committed by a white male acting alone . According to a report last summer by the American Civil Liberties Union and the Rights Working Group to the U.N. Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination : "  Both Democratic and Republican administrations -LSB- in the United States -RSB- have acknowledged that racial profiling is unconstitutional , socially corrupting and counter-productive , yet this unjustifiable practice remains a stain on American democracy and an affront to the promise of racial equality . " In fact , not only do such "  racial profiling " practices waste limited resources , they simply make us less safe . For example , the arrests of John Walker Lindh  a white , middle-class man better known as the ` American Taliban '  and Richard Reid  a British citizen of West Indian and European ancestry now serving a life sentence at the Supermax prison in Colorado  confirm that effective law enforcement techniques must rely solely on criminal behavior and not race , religion or nationality in order to ensure our citizens ' security . As the San Diego Union-Tribune said in an editorial : "  The minute U.S. officials put out the word that they 're not scrutinizing people with blond hair and blue eyes is the minute that al Qaeda starts recruiting people with blond hair and blue eyes . Would looking for Arab-Americans have turned up a passenger that resembled "  American Taliban " fighter John Walker Lindh ? Would applying extra scrutiny to people with foreign-sounding names have kept would-be shoe bomber Richard Reid off a plane ? " Of course not . Even conservative Republicans like former House Speaker Newt Gingrich have argued that behavioral  and not racial/ethnic  profiling is the best way to prevent terrorist attacks on our country . "  We need to have the knowledge to be able to profile based on behavior , " Mr. Gingrich recently said on ABC 's "  Good Morning America " while discussing the recent Christmas Day foiled bombing . "  Not racial profiling or ethnic profiling , but profiling based on behavior and then , frankly , discriminating based on behavior , " he continued during the same interview . As our national debate on the phenomenon of "  racial profiling " emerges once again , let 's remember these words of the Chairman of the House Judiciary Committee , Congressman John Conyers of Michigan : "  If Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. were alive today ... he would tell us we must not allow the horrific acts of terror that our nation has endured to slowly and subversively destroy the foundation of our democracy . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Arsalan Iftikhar	New TSA rules amount to ethnic and religious profiling , says Arsalan Iftikhar He says profiling will create blind spots terrorists can exploit Iftikhar says scrutinizing behavior is the best way to detect terrorist plots Policy deeply undermines Obama administration 's commitment to civil rights , he says
Kennedy Space Center , Florida  CNN  -- The space shuttle Atlantis lifted off Friday afternoon on its final planned mission . The shuttle blasted off under bright sunny skies at 2:20 p.m. . The six astronauts on board plan to deliver an integrated cargo carrier and a Russian-built mini-research module to the international space station . They also plan to bring a "  set of batteries for the station 's truss and dish antenna , along with other replacement parts , " NASA says . In addition to the mission that got under way Friday afternoon , NASA has plans for two space shuttle missions before the program ends . This Just In : The  maybe  final flight of Atlantis Atlantis has flown more than 115 million miles in almost 25 years , NASA says . It was the first orbiter to dock with the Russian space station , Mir . "  Atlantis has a history of being the shuttle that did the most international things , " said Emily Nelson , lead space station flight director for the mission . "  It 's the orbiter that the Russians have known best , because it 's one that came to their space station most often , and it 's one that we used to deliver a module for them in the past . " Atlantis also carried into orbit the Magellan spacecraft , which went on to map 98 percent of the planet Venus . It also sent the Galileo spacecraft on its way to collect data about Jupiter and its moons for eight years .	Space shuttle Atlantis lifts off Friday afternoon Two-week mission will take crew to the international space station Mission is one of the final three for the shuttle program
CNN  -- Taylor Farms Pacific , Inc. , a California-based food supplier for six retail chain stores , has announced the recall of grape tomatoes produced by a grower who said the vegetables might be contaminated with salmonella . The recall applies to 29 brand-packaged salads sold at Albertson 's , Raley 's , Sam 's Club , Savemart , Signature Cafe and Wal-Mart , the company said in a statement Monday . The affected products have expiration dates ranging from April 27 to May 9 , according to the news release . The recall applies to 13 states including Arizona , California , Colorado , Idaho , Montana , Nebraska , New Mexico , Nevada , Oregon , South Dakota , Utah , Washington and Wyoming , according to a spreadsheet attached to the news release . Salmonella is a form of bacteria found in food that can cause serious illness and even death if ingested . Taylor Farms has urged consumers not to eat these products and to return them to where they were purchased for full refunds . Taylor Farms said customers with questions should call the company at 209-835-6300 or contact the U.S. Food and Drug Administration or the U.S. Department of Agriculture .	Recall affects 29 types of packaged salads sold at six retail stores The six are Albertson 's , Raley 's , Sam 's Club , Savemart , Signature Cafe and Wal-Mart The recall applies to products sold in 13 western U.S. states
CNN  -- In these difficult economic times , it seems almost obscene that 60 men will be battling for a share of $ 15 million this weekend . But the fact that they can , especially somewhere as hard-hit by the financial downturn as Dubai , is testament to the glowing health of golf 's European Tour . The Dubai World Championship , the climax to the money-spinning Race to Dubai , is the last tournament before the tour begins its 40th year of existence . It has grown from an entirely Europe-based circuit of 20 events to an almost worldwide phenomenon which also takes many of the sport 's top players to Africa , the Middle East and Asia . In 1972 the total prize pool was the equivalent of $ 350,000  $ 470,000  but it has mushroomed to more than $ 132 million  $ 178 million  spread across 52 tournaments and 29 destinations -- driving exposure levels with its ever-growing television unit . Tiger holds no terror for golf 's new stars "  I think the whole principle of having your own players playing on your own golf courses televised by your own television companies has remained the coherent goal , " chief executive George O'Grady told CNN from the emirate . "  We 've moved the tour from a good promotional outfit into a solid operating business , and we can dictate or lead the way the game should be rather than always responding to the wishes of our sponsors . "  We listen to our commercial sponsors , obviously , and the TV companies , but we decide the direction we want the sport to go in . " A new world order When the Dubai event and rebranding for the tour 's traditional Order of Merit money list was announced in late 2007 , it was trumpeted as the biggest prize in golf -- worth $ 10 million plus the same in bonuses . It was soon downsized to a $ 7.5 million tournament and that amount again in extras due to Dubai 's well-documented debt problems , and the initial five-year agreement -- which was reduced to three -- is about to end . O'Grady told CNN he was confident a new deal to keep the event in the emirate will be announced before Sunday 's winner is crowned . "  We 're looking at a way to keep it in Dubai if we possibly can , " the 62-year-old said . "  It 's a perfect geographical location to finish our calendar year . " The Race to Dubai rebranding has helped the European Tour become a bona fide rival to its U.S. PGA counterpart , which has a $ 10 million jackpot of its own in the FedEx Cup series and still pulls in the most sponsorship . "  When we were the Volvo Tour with the Volvo Order of Merit , we united Europe on the European stage . This unites the European Tour on the global stage , and we finish in a place that is readily accessible from most of the countries we visit , " O'Grady said . European success story Whether world No. 1 Luke Donald makes history by becoming the first player to win the European and U.S. money lists in one season , or Rory McIlroy overhauls his fellow British star , 2011 has been another bumper year for European golf . Three of the season 's four major titles were won by tour members , while Donald won one of the four World Golf Championship events and also tied for second , and Germany 's Martin Kaymer triumphed at another . O'Grady is happy with the progress made since he took over in 2005 , having helped launch the tour 's commercial arm in 1984 and developed the television broadcasting side . Rights for the PGA Tour are fought over by three U.S. TV stations , but the European Tour 's market is a lot more widespread . Top tips from one of golf 's best coaches "  We really grew it enormously when satellite channels began concentrating on sports , Sky specifically in the UK . Before that we had to own production ourselves otherwise we were always at the mercy of the BBC or TV in Spain , and it 's a very difficult sport to televise , " he said . "  Now our company televises more hours of tournament golf than anybody else in the world , and also at a lot of different times -- you 've got to provide a service for 24-hour golf channels in Spain and France , then Korean television is very demanding and you 've got India . It 's an absolutely key part of our operation . " Alongside the main circuit , the second-tier Challenge Tour has almost $ 5 million in prize money while the Senior Tour offers more than $ 9 million . O'Grady said what was once considered the main challenge -- of producing future stars to maintain the sport 's profile -- has already been addressed . "  The current success of the European Tour is really a pat on the back for everyone involved in golf in Europe , from the amateur clubs to the coaches to people who devote their time to bringing new people into the game . There 's no shortage of people wanting to become professionals , " he said . Olympic ambitions And while growth has come from spreading to all corners of the globe , there is still a big focus on concentrating on the traditional heartlands of Britain , Spain and France -- which will host the prestigious Ryder Cup teams event in 2018 . Eastern Europe is still a largely untapped market , and the return of golf to the list of Olympic sports from 2016 could spark further expansion . "  It has given it a higher profile in developing markets where the Olympic ideal remains so strong , " O'Grady said . "  There 's a huge number of new golf courses now in China since it became an Olympic sport , and the same with South America . " Unrest in the Middle East did lead to Bahrain losing the Volvo Golf Champions event , which will be held in South Africa next year , but O'Grady believes that golf has a big role to play in such countries . "  Golf is such a force for good and opens the doors in countries you go to , where it becomes more accessible to the local population . There 's increasing accessibility . It ca n't all be done overnight , so you 've got to make inroads . " O'Grady 's goals Players past and present serve on the tour 's board and tournament committee , and O'Grady believes he has the support to continue in his role for the next few years at least . His wife suffers from multiple sclerosis and needs 24-hour care after suffering a brain haemorrhage two years ago , so the father of two has to balance his time spent away on golf business . "  I 've had a lot to do with golf going to the Olympics , and I 'd quite like to be around when it first happens . And I 'd quite like to see the next Ryder Cup on Continental soil , " he said . "  That will probably see me through . If you 're doing what you enjoy and you 're making a difference and the players are very happy with me ... if the players have had enough then I 'd be off tomorrow . "  Talking to them here , to a man they all seemed remarkably positive and onside -- and you 'd think they would be for the kind of money they 're playing for ! "	European Tour season ends this weekend with the big-money Race to Dubai finale Chief executive George O'Grady hopeful a new deal will extend Dubai 's involvement The European Tour has grown into a worldwide circuit since its birth in 1972 O'Grady is looking forward to golf 's long-awaited return to the Olympics in 2016
Exploring China can rattle even veteran travelers . And understandably so . It 's a huge country with enough languages and dialects to leave even many native Chinese flummoxed at the thought of communicating away from home . But traveling away from the big cities is n't scary , and it 's not unmanageable . Traveling for the past few years from my home base in Shanghai , I 've picked up a lot of tips -- both from my own experiences and from others -- that make life on the road in China a little bit easier and a lot more rewarding . Here are 20 of them to get you started . 1 . Score extra beds the easy way Chinese hotels are n't too fussy when it comes to matching the number of beds to the number of people , particularly when the extra bodies are children . For families , this can save a lot of cash . Rather than needing two rooms , a family of four can get cozy in a twin room , where both beds are the same size as a regular double bed . 2 . Follow proper currency protocol Do n't insult a Shanghai taxi driver by burdening him with small bills , such as 1 yuan or 5 jiao notes . He likes the jingle of coins . Conversely , in northern and western China , expect market vendors to reject coins outright . They only like paper money no matter how small the denomination . 3 . Use the best language app for travelers Pleco is the best Chinese language app for travelers . The basic dictionary app is free . It costs US$ 14.95 to buy the optical character recognition function  compatible with the iPhone 4 or 5 camera  . Point the iPhone at a Chinese menu and get an instant translation . 4 . Customize your gifts Have fine items made by hand and to order -- a neon sign of your name , pair of riding boots , set of sheets , oak cabinet , silk quilt or cashmere coat . China is the land of possibilities . If you can dream it , someone can make it . The Shandong Juancheng Neon-Plasma Tech company make customized neon signs in one week and will ship anywhere . www.chinaneonsign.en.alibaba.com 5 . Use the best guides to offbeat China China Little T  r  ips is a series of guides for those who want to get off the well-worn tourist path in China , but do n't have the inside knowledge or the language skills to do so . These guides to Inner Mongolia , Gansu and soon Sichuan and Qinghai contain detailed itineraries , maps and language cards specific for each stage of the trip . Inner Mongolia Guide RMB 78  US$ 12.50  , ebook RMB 45  US$ 7  , www.chinalittletrips.com 6 . Order rice the right way Rice is rarely served during a meal in Chinese restaurants , being seen as a cheap way to fill up at the end if needed . Anyone wanting rice with his or her meal should make it clear to the waiter by saying : mifan  rice  mashang  straight away  . 7 . Toilet paper reminder Toilet tissue is rarely found in public restrooms in China . Carry your own supplies . 8 . Sidestep difficult breakfasts Outside of large cities and internationally branded hotels , Chinese hotel breakfasts cater exclusively to the local market . This is no issue for anyone fond of congee and pickles , but can be an unimaginable hurdle for children or picky eaters . Bring a box of their favorite cereal and a few small cartons of milk and everyone starts the day happy . Most hotels do n't mind . 9 . Do n't worry -- it 's safe China is nowhere near as terrifying as many guidebooks would have you believe . Yes , the traffic is chaotic and the air could be better -- much better -- but China is one of the safest countries in the world for female travelers , solo travelers and families . 10 . Give -- and get -- instant gratification Those traveling in rural China often wish to give a small gift to locals they meet , but are unsure of what might be considered appropriate . A portrait delivered instantly on a Polaroid camera is a much-appreciated , on-the-spot gift . Fujifilm Instax Mini 7 Polaroid camera retails for around RMB 400  US$ 62  from large electronics retailers . 11 . Trespass with confidence Accustomed to the idea of private property , international travelers are often reluctant to stray from worn footpaths into lanes and hutongs for fear of intruding . But that 's not how the Chinese see things . All of these outdoor areas are public spaces , and lanes and alleys hold some of the most captivating scenes in China 's big cities . 12 . Do n't be fooled by loud voices Chinese people like to converse very loudly and passionately at times , and it can be easy to mistake this for an argument . Listening in to a heated discussion in Shanghai between a taxi driver and a Chinese friend I thought they were about to come to blows . "  No , " they told me . "  We were just talking together about how devastating the Sichuan earthquake was . " 13 . Need help ? Find a high school student The array of Mandarin dialects and variations across China can make communication difficult even for native Mandarin speakers . But help is always at hand : those under 25 years old are most likely to speak both standard Mandarin and English . Students who have studied English in books for years , but have had little contact with native English speakers , may more readily understand written questions . 14 . Make a hometown connection Learn the name of your country 's most famous landmark for beaming instant recognition from taxi drivers , waiters and the man on the street . Tip : Eiffel Tower is "  ai fei'er tie ta , " Statue of Liberty is "  zi you nu shen xiang " and Great Barrier Reef is "  da bao jiao . " 15 . Get a backstreet breakfast In order to get some local color on business trips that will otherwise be spent inside taxis and boardrooms , "  take to the backstreets behind your hotel for an early breakfast of dumplings or noodles and watch the area wake up while you eat , " suggests Australian business traveler Matthew Tobin . 16 . Enhance wellness Want to unblock your qi ? Hit up a Traditional Chinese Medicine  TCM  clinic . Illness is n't an essential requirement -- TCM doctors believe preventing disease is just as important as treating it . "  TCM is ingrained in Chinese culture , " says Canadian Leslie Bottrell , who is trained in both Western and Traditional Chinese Medicine . "  It permeates everyday life and so empowers individuals to be responsible for their wellness by promoting disease prevention . " Consultations are available at Longhua Hospital in Shanghai , one of the country 's top TCM Hospitals . LongHua Hospital , affiliated with Shanghai University of Traditional Chinese Medicine , 725 Wanping Nan Lu , Xuhui District , Shanghai ; +86 21 6438 5700 ; open daily 8-11 :30 a.m. , 1-5 p.m. 17 . Find art in unusual places Some boutique hotels provide interesting art experiences , like the Opposite House Hotel in the Sanlitun area of Beijing . "  Their permanent art collection is second to none , " says Hong Kong-based art consultant Alison Pickett . "  And they have a fantastic rotating exhibition venue in the lobby which showcases really challenging and interesting installations , many of which you would n't get to see in any of the galleries . " The Red Gate Gallery in Beijing holds open studio exhibitions . Visitors can see how resident international artists work , live and create in Beijing . The Opposite House , The Village Building 1 , 11 Sanlitun Lu , near Dongzhimenwai Da Jie , Village 1 ; nightly rate from about RMB 2,500  US$ 400  ; +86 10 6417 6688 ; www.theoppositehouse.com Red Gate Gallery , 1/F and 4/F , Dongbianmen Watchtower , Dongcheng District , Beijing 4 ; +86 10 6525 1005 ; open daily 9 a.m.-5 p.m. 18 . Take the kids along ... without regret Taking small but manageable risks when traveling in China with children can reap big rewards . Three Mountain  San Shan  Island northwest of Shanghai is an ideal spot to venture away from the big city for the weekend with the family . "  Our family took a weekend trip by train and boat to San Shan Dao , where we had an extraordinary China experience staying in small local guest houses and exploring the island , " says Lynette MacDonald , editor in chief of Shanghai Family magazine and frequent traveler with children . San Shan Dao , near Suzhou , Jiangsu Province 19 . Get a tea education Shanghai 's Laoximen Tea Plaza houses a variety of specialty tea shops . "  On the second floor , at Qing Quan Tea  shop 218  , I can sit for hours testing white or red teas and listening to owner David Li talking about health benefits , differences in soil or climate conditions or quality differences , " says China-based food writer and tea lover Anna-Lena Bjarneberg . Laoximen Tea Plaza , 1121 Fuxing Dong Lu , Huangpu District , Shanghai ; +86 21 5386 5555 ; open daily 9 a.m.-9 p.m. 20 . Take better pictures The best gear investments to make before coming to China are an excellent camera bag and polarizing filter , according to professional photographer and frequent China traveler Roger D'Souza . "  China is very dusty and hard on photo gear , so a good bag that 's well sealed but also accessible is essential . " The Australian photographer also suggests using a polarizing filter to cut through China 's frequent smog . "  If there is any blue in the sky this will make it appear more vibrant , " he says . Got your own China travel tips ? Share them in the comments box below .	China is an unquestionably fabulous tourist destination , but can rattle even veteran travelers The language barrier is a big problem unless you have a good language app China is a safe place but you should be aware of its notorious air pollution If you want to take great pictures in China , an excellent camera bag and polarizing filter are necessary
CNN  -- Imagine you are welded to the sofa at home about to watch a third match in a row . You have been drinking throughout the day , but reach for another can of cold beer and fill your glass . But the vessel you are drinking from says that your alcohol intake has exceeded safe levels and urges you to reconsider . Rather than a desperate government intervention , this is the concept of the Vessyl ` smart cup ' -- a groundbreaking addition to the field of consumer health technologies , which has launched for pre-orders . The sleek 13-ounce design is fitted with a sensor that analyzes the molecular content of drinks in real time , and then displays selected nutritional information such as sugar or alcohol content on the side of the cup . In a live demonstration for CNN , inventor and CEO of parent company Mark One , Justin Lee used the Vessyl to identify a range of beverages . The cup -- synced to his iPhone -- took only a few seconds to recognize a specific brand of smoothie , and was able to discern an exact flavor of Frappuccino . Moments later , sugar and calorie content flash up . Users can adapt the device to their personal needs , says Lee . "  We want this to be a product for what matters to you . People who want to lose weight will care most about the calories . I work out so I 'm more interested in protein . People can also be mindful of caffeine consumption -- to be sharp but not jittery . " The device can be set to multiple "  lenses " to meet a variety of needs , from weight loss to improved sleep . It tracks cumulative consumption so that users can observe and improve their patterns . Lee hopes that Vessyl will be used in conjunction with existing health technologies that record personal details such as heart rate and body mass index to optimize consumption choices . The mobile app includes a feature for a tailored hydration program based on such personal details . There is a medical imperative behind the Vessyl . "  Sugar-sweetened beverages are the number one source of calories " , reported a recent survey from the US Center for Disease Control . Soft drinks are increasingly identified by health organizations as a leading cause of obesity , with major efforts to restrict their consumption and improve public understanding of the high sugar levels . Other products are beginning to offer forms of molecular analysis for our food , but Smith believes that usability will prove a trump card . "  We wanted this to be as easy as possible for consumers , we were completely focused on making the interaction simple . The data has to be clear and actionable . " Certainly , one need not be a technology guru to make use of the Vessyl , the ease of which owes much to the collaboration with award-winning designer Yves Behar , creator of the Jawbone . The only action required of the user is to tilt the cup and read the numbers displayed on the side of the cup . The only maintenance required is "  quick rinse " between drinks , and charging is delivered via a wireless coaster . The size and shape is conventional with a "  flick-to-open " spill-proof lid . The Vessyl has heavyweight support , with leading innovators at Google and Apple among its admirers . "  People will at first be blown away , and then they are going to expect everything else in the world to be able to see its contents and materials the same way " , says Mike Beltzner , head of mobile at Pinterest . While some may still prefer not to know the gory details of everything they consume , innovations like the Vessyl are making it harder than ever to live in ignorance . Read more from Make , Create , Innovate : ` Hacked ' instruments unleashed Incredible new tech inspired by biology Wearables in the workplace	` Vessyl ' has a sensor that analyzes the molecular content of drinks in real time It then displays selected nutritional information such as alcohol content on the side The device can be set to meet a variety of needs , from weight loss to improved sleep
CNN  -- Michael Dunn will stand trial for the shooting of Jordan Davis -- again . When a Jacksonville jury failed to reach a verdict on the first-degree murder charge last February , they gave Florida State Attorney Angela Corey the opportunity for a do-over , and she 's taking it . Jury selection for the retrial begins September 22 . It was Angela Corey 's prosecutors that I faced as a defense lawyer during the George Zimmerman trial last year -- a case with social themes echoed by the Dunn trial . While the first jury hung on the murder charge involving Davis ' death , they did hand down a guilty verdict on three counts of attempted second-degree murder in the firing of shots at Davis ' companions . The minimum mandatory sentence will be 60 years , which , for a 47-year-old man , is a life sentence . So if Michael Dunn , who had complained about the volume of music coming from Davis ' SUV , is already sentenced to life in prison , why bother with another trial ? Because it 's the prosecutor 's prerogative . We 've charged prosecutors with the authority to look at cases and to prosecute those they believe can result in a conviction , based upon the facts and the applicable law . We expect prosecutors to move forward with all viable cases , not just the ones they like . In that sense , if Angela Corey feels her case is strong enough to get a conviction , pursuing the case is not just her right ; it 's her obligation . To a prosecutor , a hung jury could be a signal that a case is still winnable , or that , having put on their best case , they could n't convince a jury of the defendant 's guilt beyond a reasonable doubt . If the prosecutors have taken the time to polish and focus their witnesses ' testimony , or reframe opening and closing arguments , or adjust the presentation of evidence  and they will certainly do all of these things  , then they may get a different result . Perhaps the real message the hung jury sent was "  try harder . " Angela Corey , as an elected official , may have other motivations for moving forward with a retrial . The Dunn case unquestionably has social and political overtones as it is one of several recent cases where a young , unarmed black man has been killed . For many , the Dunn case raises civil rights issues -- and some feel a decisive verdict in this case will have broader implications . Retrial : Did Michael Dunn kill Jordan Davis out of fear ? Or loud music ? And if Corey is politically motivated in retrying the Dunn case , it will not be the first time , in my view . Corey 's decision to waive a grand jury and charge George Zimmerman with second-degree murder during an election year was politically expedient -- especially by a politician who wanted to placate her black constituents . But she promised a conviction she could never deliver . A victory in the Dunn case would give Corey a chance to rehabilitate her image with constituents who actively call for her resignation -- especially in light of allegations that she disproportionately overcharges African American defendants  notably her aggressive handling of the Cristian Fernandez and Marissa Alexander cases  . An acquittal would also have impact . But the jury -- if it 's a fair and impartial jury -- wo n't concern themselves with the politics of the case . They 'll be asked to render a verdict based upon only the evidence presented in court , and they 'll be asked to set aside other factors , such as the broader social considerations . They will have one job : to determine whether the state proves , beyond a reasonable doubt , that Michael Dunn did not have reasonable fear of imminent great bodily harm when he fired the shots that took Jordan Davis ' life . Essentially , the trial will be asking the jury to peer into Michael Dunn 's heart and determine if they see hatred or if they see fear . Hatred yields a conviction ; fear justifies an acquittal . I do n't know what they 'll find , but here 's what I hope : I hope Michael Dunn gets a fair trial . I hope there is an impartial jury . If there is a conviction , I hope Jordan Davis ' family can find some closure . If there is an acquittal , I hope it is not interpreted as a blow to civil rights . No matter what the verdict , I know it will rekindle a national conversation about race , guns , and self-defense -- a conversation that started with the Zimmerman case and rages on in the wake of the Michael Brown shooting in Ferguson , Missouri . My fear is that we place so much significance on a particular case that we base all our hopes on a certain outcome . Not getting the desired result then causes a natural recoil away from speaking about the underlying , more significant issues of the undeniable racial divide that still exists like a virus in our country . My hope is that , regardless of the verdict in Dunn , and regardless of the result in Ferguson , we can find a way to augment a constructive conversation about the true nature of America 's racial divide , a conversation that gives us the courage and understanding to do something about it together . Fault does not rest solely on one side of the divide or the other ; rather , it is a national problem , and will only be resolved if we face it , and conquer it , as a nation .	Michael Dunn is being retried on murder charges after conviction on attempted murder Mark O'Mara says prosecutors have the leeway to seek retrial after a hung jury He says he hopes that the trial will be fair and that it not become a political football O'Mara : Whatever happens , America needs to have a serious conversation about race
CNN  -- It 's like a chair that is n't there , but magically appears whenever you need it . It 's called the Chairless Chair and you wear it on your legs like an exoskeleton : when it 's not activated , you can walk normally or even run . And then , at the touch of a button , it locks into place and you can sit down on it . Like a chair that is now there . "  The idea came from wanting to sit anywhere and everywhere , and from working in a UK packaging factory when I was 17 , " says Keith Gunura , the 29-year old CEO and co-founder of noonee , the Zurich-based startup behind the device , "  standing for hours on end causes a lot of distress to lower limbs , but most workers get very few breaks and chairs are rarely provided , because they take up too much space . So I thought that the best idea was to strap an unobtrusive chair directly to myself . " The device never touches the ground , which makes it easier to wear : a belt secures it to the hips and it has straps that wrap around the thighs . A variable damper engages and supports the bodyweight , which is directed towards the heels of the shoes . These are specially designed and part of the mechanism , but an alternate version works with any footwear and touches the ground only when in a stationary position . The user just moves into the desired pose and then powers the device , which currently runs for about 24 hours on a single 6V battery . "  In addition to resting your leg muscles , it also provides optimal posture , " adds noonee CTO and co-founder Bryan Anastisiades "  it keeps your back straight and can reduce the occurrence of bad postures for both healthy workers and those recovering from muscle related injuries . " Sammy Margo , a chartered physiotherapist , told CNN : "  As physiotherapists we actively encourage people to move throughout the day . This device looks like a great compromise in that it allows the wearer to move as well as sit intermittently . I would n't encourage its use for long term sitting , however it is suitable for people who need to vary their tasks . " The Chairless Chair is attracting interest and production line trials are set to start in Germany with BMW in September and with Audi later this year . While sitting down all day is so detrimental to health that it will shorten life expectancy , standing up in order to work is also a source of problems . Physical strain , repetitive movements and poor posture can lead to conditions called Musculoskeletal disorders  MSDs  , which are now one of the leading causes of lost workday injury and illness . In 2011 , MSDs accounted for 33 percent of all worker injuries and illnesses in the U.S. with over 378,000 cases , according to data from the United States Department of Labor . In Europe , over 40 million workers are affected by MSDs attributable to their job , according to a study entitled Fit For Work Europe and conducted across 23 European countries . The Chairless Chair represents an innovative approach to this problem , which is currently addressed mostly through ergonomics of the workplace . Although unique , it shares some similarities with the Swiss Milking Stool , a monopod used by farmers to milk cows , which dates back to the early 19th Century . It had straps that secured it to the wearer and required some practice to be used due to the single source of support . It was phased out by the rise of the milking parlor . An aluminium and carbon fibre frame keeps the overall weight of the Chairless Chair at just two kilograms , so it does n't burden the wearer with too much excess weight and only marginally impairs movement . And in the future , it could be fitted with smart motors able to infer the user 's intentions and offer the ideal posture without even the need to press a button . This could open up additional daily life applications , says Gunura : "  Imagine if you had one of these while you were riding on a crowded train : it would make for a much more comfortable commute . But we 're also thinking about people behind the counter in retail , farmers picking fruit and even surgeons in the operating room . A chair would be impractical , but the Chairless Chair would fit in nicely . " Read more from Make , Create , Innovate : British inventor claims world 's first flying bicycle Spider lessons : How to mend your body with silk The artificial leaf that could power the world	The Chairless Chair is an exoskeleton that locks into place when you sit down It allows the user to rest their leg muscles and can improve posture , according to the Zurich startup behind the device BMW and Audi are set to conduct production line trials this year
New York  CNN  -- A U.S.-born Muslim cleric and his son are exploring the possibility of legal action after they said they were prevented from traveling aboard an American Airlines flight from New York to Charlotte , North Carolina , their attorney says . Al Amin Abdul Latif and his son , Abu Bakar , were heading on Friday to an annual conference on Islamophobia . They are the second pair of imams barred , at least initially , from traveling to the conference that day . Also Friday , Imams Masudur Rahman and Mohamed Zaghloul -- both clad in Islamic attire -- were told to leave the aircraft as it was taxiing toward the runway . All four are represented by attorney Mo Idlibi , who said that none of them had done anything out of the ordinary , nor were they praying or chanting . Idlibi said the elder Abdul Latif and his son have reached out to American Airlines for "  accountability of the embarrassment and humiliation " that they said they endured . "  Imams have rights , " said Idlibi . "  They know they have rights . And they will hold these entities accountable if that 's what it comes to . " He added that the incident was unlawful and is "  unequivocally a civil rights issue . " American Airlines responded in a written statement , saying "  there was no ill intent on the part of any of our employees involved in this . " "  It was a situation that just got very complicated very quickly . Because we do n't discuss security matters , you may wish to talk with TSA . " A spokeswoman for the Transportation Security Administration said "  this passenger  Al Amin Abdul Latif  was properly screened by TSA and cleared to fly . " "  TSA did not deny the passenger boarding , " said spokeswoman Kristin Lee . According to the pair 's attorney , the younger Abdul Latif was initially permitted to board the plane . But his father was instructed to meet with a gate agent to book a separate flight . Shortly thereafter , federal agents then boarded the American Airlines plane and removed the younger Abdul Latif as well . Neither man was given an explanation , their attorney says . The younger Abdul Latif was permitted on the following day to fly to Charlotte . His father , however , was again denied and was compelled to drive instead . According to an American Airlines statement , an airline has the legal authority to refuse transport to an individual it deems unsafe , but airlines can not by law refuse transport based solely on a person 's race , color , national origin , religion , ethnicity or sex . "  Ultimately , the airline must be able to establish that the pilot 's determination to refuse to transport an individual was not arbitrary or capricious in order for the airline to fulfill its obligations under the statute , " said American Airlines spokesman Ed Martelle . The incident has sparked controversy . "  That kind of hype and hysteria reflect what 's worst about our country , " said Zead Ramadan , board president of the Council on American Islamic Relations-New York . Ramadan points to last week 's killing of al Qaeda terrorist leader Osama bin Laden as a reason for what he calls "  an uptick " in racial profiling against Muslims . "  There has been a spike , " Ramadan said . "  Even in grade schools , we 've seen more bullying . " The news comes as New Yorkers and others around the country tune in to media coverage of heightened security measures in the wake of bin Laden 's death .	A U.S.-born Muslim cleric and his son are exploring the possibility of legal action They say they were prevented from traveling aboard an American Airlines flight They were heading to an annual conference on Islamophobia They are the second pair of imams to be barred from flying that day
CNN  -- The first nine months of this year has seen more pirate attacks than all of last year . And more than half of those attacks were carried out by suspected Somali pirates , an international maritime watchdog group said Wednesday . The increase in attacks has forced many countries to patrol pirate hotspots such as the Gulf of Aden . "  The increased activity in Somalia is the major reason for the spike , " said Cyrus Mody , manager of the International Maritime Bureau , which monitors shipping crimes . From January 1 until September 30 , pirates worldwide mounted 306 attacks , compared with 293 in all of 2008 , the Bureau said . Of the incidents this year , Somali pirates accounted for 54 percent : they launched 168 attacks . Most of them took place off the east coast of Somalia and in the Gulf of Aden , a major shipping route between Yemen and Somalia . They successfully hijacked 32 vessels and took 533 hostages . Eight others were wounded , four more killed and one is missing , the Bureau said . Somali pirates are still holding four ships for ransom with 80 crew members as hostages . Somalia 's transitional government , which has a tenuous grip on power , has been unable to stop the pirates -- many of whom are based in the port cities . This has prompted Europe and other Western countries to step up maritime patrols . "  In the Gulf of Aden , the number of attacks have gone up . But because of the presence of naval vessels , the success rate of the pirates have decreased , " Mody said . "  The navies are responding very very effectively . " Today 's pirates are a far cry from the eye-patched , peg-legged swashbucklers of Hollywood . They don night-vision goggles , carry rocket launchers and navigate with global positioning devices . Many pirates are trained fighters ; others are young thugs enlisted for the job . Experts say they often sail out to sea in a mother ship and wait for a target . When they find one , the pirates board smaller boats and move in , typically with five to seven armed hijackers per boat . Two recent trends have led to a rise in piracy : access and opportunity . As global commerce picks up , more and more of the world 's fuels , minerals and other crucial commodities travel by ship . Ninety-five percent of America 's foreign trade , for instance , moves by water , according to the U.S. Maritime Administration . That cargo is an easy target for robbers in countries that lack the resources to secure their shorelines , such as Somalia . Those who have tracked pirate activity say it started in Somalia in the 1980s , when the pirates claimed they were aiming to stop the rampant illegal fishing and dumping that continues to this day off the Somali coast . Piracy accelerated after the fall of the Somali government in the early 1990s and began to flourish after shipping companies started paying ransoms . Those payments started out being in the tens of thousands of dollars and have since climbed into the millions . With the ransoms they collect , pirates can earn up to $ 40,000 a year , analysts say . That 's a fortune for someone from an impoverished country . Some analysts say companies are simply making the problem worse by paying the piracies . "  Yes , the ransoms have probably caused the piracy to become a bit more rampant . But at the same time , from the owner 's point of view , there is no other way currently to secure the safe release of the vessel along with the crew and the cargo , " Mody said . "  It 's basically a cycle . " Other trouble spots this year were waters off Nigeria , with 20 attacks ; Malaysia with 14 ; and Bangladesh with 12 .	Somali pirates accounted for 54 percent of all attacks this year Most of them took place off east coast of Somalia and in Gulf of Aden Somali pirates are still holding four ships for ransom Other trouble spots were waters off Nigeria , Malaysia and Bangladesh
CNN  -- On the eve of his Wimbledon title defense , Rafael Nadal claimed it will be "  impossible to repeat " his triple grand slam success of last year . Nadal opens on Centre Court Monday against American Michael Russell and comes to the All England Club off the back of a sixth French Open triumph earlier this month . But the 25-year-old Spaniard told gathered reporters Sunday that his chances of adding the Wimbledon and U.S. Open titles to his haul were remote . "  Last year was in my opinion very impossible to repeat -- three grand slams in a row , " Nadal said . "  I am very happy about what 's going on this season . But I do n't think I will repeat what I did last year for sure . " Rafael Nadal : Anatomy of a champion Victory at Wimbledon will give Nadal his 11th grand slam title and close on the record 16 of arch-rival and third seed Roger Federer , but again the world No. 1 tried to downplay expectations . "  I am not close to the 16 of Roger , " Nadal said . "  Sixteen is a lot . "  We can dream about a lot of things . For me it 's a dream . Maybe not for you . " Nadal beat Federer in the final at Roland Garros as he continued his invincible form on Paris clay , but has now adapted his game to the faster grass of SW19 . "  In the beginning of my career everybody talked a lot that with my style of game it 's gon na be very difficult to play very well here , " he added . "  The only problem of grass sometimes , is if you play against a big , big server , because the game is too fast and it 's not nice to play because you feel that for a lot of games you do n't touch the ball . " "  I do n't have the volley of Roger , for sure . But I think I 'm fast and my movements are enough good to go to the net . I have a good enough volley to do it , " he said . Meanwhile , defending women 's champion Serena Williams believes she has her work cut out to repeat the triumph , particularly after being sidelined for nearly a year with injury and serious illness . Williams and her elders sister Venus returned to competitive action at Eastbourne last week and were impressed by current standards on the WTA tour . "  There 's so much depth in women 's tennis . It 's good . Everyone 's playing so hard . "  No one wants to go down . You get match point , does n't matter , you got to really focus . Everyone 's playing tough , " she told gathered reporters . Serena and Venus have won nine Wimbledon singles title between them and one of them has appeared in 10 of the last 11 finals at the grass court grand slam .	Rafael Nadal plays down chances of repeating his feats of 2010 Nadal won three grand slams including Wimbledon where he defends the title Serena Williams says standard of women 's tennis high as she returns to SW19
CNN  -- The civil warfare and social instability in Somalia have prompted the flight of more than 50,000 refugees to neighboring Kenya this year alone , the U.N. refugee agency said Friday . The Dadaab refugee complex is the largest of its kind in the world . Somalis are arriving at an average rate of 6,400 a month , and their presence has placed pressure on northern Kenya 's Dadaab refugee complex -- bursting at the seams with three times the population it was built to hold . There are more than 281,000 Somali refugees there , and the UNHCR fears that heavy rains in Kenya will lead to flooding at the complex and pose "  considerable health risks to the refugees . " The International Organization of Migration has been working with the UNHCR , Kenyan authorities and non-governmental organizations to relocate refugees from Dadaab to the Kakuma camp in the northwestern part of the country . Somalia has been in turmoil for years . Clashes have raged between pro-government forces and rebel groups such as Al-Shabaab , the Islamist militia with ties to al Qaeda . And this fighting has prompted widespread displacement in the war-wracked nation . Al-Shabaab has been targeting the most prominent Western-linked entity in the capital , Mogadishu -- the African Union peacekeeping mission , the de facto military force of the weak , transitional Somali government . Fighting has forced about 250,000 Somalis out of their homes in Mogadishu since May and many of the displaced have sought refuge west of the capital in the Afgooye corridor , the U.N. agency said . Also , many Somalis have chosen to flee the country by traveling across the Gulf of Aden and the Red Sea to Yemen or the Mediterranean Sea to Europe . Many have drowned or have gone missing in their journey .	More than 50,000 Somali refugees have entered Kenya since the beginning of 2009 Refugees are arriving at 6,400 every month placing strain on Kenya 's Dadaab camp Fighting forced about 250,000 Somalis out of their homes in Mogadishu since May
CNN  -- European Union leaders for the first time in the bloc 's history agreed to a cut in spending as they thrashed out a seven-year budget Friday in marathon talks in Brussels , Belgium . The deal , which covers the period from 2014 to 2020 , will limit actual EU spending to â ‚ ¬ 908 billion  $ 1.2 trillion  , with a spending ceiling of 959 billion euros . The European Commission , the executive arm of the EU , had initially proposed a 5 % increase to its budget for the seven-year period , to about â ‚ ¬ 1 trillion  $ 1.4 trillion  . European Council President Herman Van Rompuy hailed the deal reached Friday -- after talks he said were the longest of his presidency -- as balanced and oriented toward future competitiveness and growth . "  It was no easy task , " he said , "  but it was worth working for . " The Multiannual Financial Framework , as the seven-year budget is known , must still be approved by the European Parliament . The compromise agreement is not the perfect deal for all 27 EU member states , Van Rompuy said , but it is realistic and shows that European leaders are facing up to their responsibilities at a time of economic difficulties across the region . The focus of the budget is on growth and jobs , he said , with funding directed toward such areas as education , research and development , tackling youth unemployment and improving transport networks . It also maintains development aid for the poorest nations of the world , Van Rompuy said , and will allow the EU to remain engaged with vital global issues such as climate change and nuclear safety . European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso said the body would have preferred an outcome closer to the original proposal it put forward . But , he said , "  It must recognize that the political deal made now was the highest possible that heads of government could reach . " After difficult negotiations , the budget is "  not perfect but offers a basis for negotiations with the European Parliament , " he said . "  It was a marathon but it was a marathon for very important results . " A previous summit in November collapsed without a deal amid deep divisions over EU spending at a time of wide austerity . The budget wrangling comes as the continent struggles with serious economic challenges that have reverberated globally . The European Union 's yearly spending amounts to about 1 % of the region 's annual economic output . Most funding comes from member-state contributions . Germany is the largest contributor , providing about 20 % of the total budget . Other net contributors include Britain , France , the Netherlands , Denmark and Sweden . Britain was among the nations pushing for cuts to spending , with Prime Minister David Cameron insisting that the EU "  should not be immune from the sorts of pressures that we have had to reduce spending , find efficiencies and make sure that we spend money wisely . " France was keen to protect the budget for agriculture , which was spared further cuts in the new deal . CNN 's Kendra Wates contributed to this report .	EU leaders agree to limit spending to â ‚ ¬ 908 billion  $ 1.2 trillion  in a 7-year budget deal Herman Van Rompuy says the deal , reached after marathon talks , "  was worth working for " The budget must still be considered by the European Parliament The EU has been riven by divisions at a time of austerity
CNN  -- Tony Soprano was a bully and a lover , a lightning rod and a superstar . And thanks to scripts crafted by David Chase and others , he was also , at times , prophetic , wise , even poetic . Here are a few of Tony Soprano 's many choice lines during "  The Sopranos " acclaimed run on HBO , compiled from IMDB.com and TVfanatic.com and spoken by actor James Gandolfini , who died in Italy while on holiday . -- Talking to his psychiatrist : "  We 're soldiers . Soldiers do n't go to hell . It 's war . Soldiers kill other soldiers . We 're in a situation where everyone involved knows the stakes and if you are going to accept those stakes , you 've got to do certain things . It 's business . " Appreciation : Gandolfini , a pure actor -- From another conversation with his psychiatrist , Dr. Melfi : "  This is n't painful . Getting shot is painful . Getting stabbed in the ribs is painful . This ... is n't painful . It 's empty . Dead . " -- Speaking to his wife , Carmela : "  You 're only religious when it suits you . " -- Speaking to Christopher Moltisanti , the cousin of Tony Soprano 's wife and part of his inner circle : "  Blood . You 're going to lead this family into the 21st century . " -- In response to Dr. Melfi 's question , after he threatens to smash her face during a therapy session : "  Is this a woman thing ? You ask me how I 'm feeling . I tell you how I 'm feeling , and now you 're going to torture me with it . " -- Referring to his mother 's involvement in a plot to kill him : "  What kind of person can I be , where his own mother wants him dead ? -- Speaking again to Dr. Melfi : "  The things I take pleasure in , I ca n't do . " Of course , Tony Soprano was just one of many roles that Gandolfini played in his decades-long career . With his large frame and , at times , intimidating sneer , he cast a big shadow in numerous movie , television and theater productions before his death this week in Italy . Below are some notable quotes that he uttered in a few of those roles . Opinion : Gandolfini 's gift to television -- and America -- As CIA director in 2012 's "  Zero Dark Thirty , " talking about intelligence related to a compound where Osama bin Laden is later killed : "  Ca n't you put a camera somewhere -- in the trees -- to get a look into the main house ? ... We have to get a look into the house . " -- As the monster Carol to the young boy "  king " Max in the 2009 movie adaptation of "  Where the Wild Things Are " : "  This used to be all rock , and now it 's sand . And then , one day , it 's going to be dust . And then the whole island will be dust . And then ... well , I do n't even know what comes after dust . " -- As Eddie Poole , challenging another character to kill him in 1999 's "  8MM " : "  What are you waiting for ? Go ahead , do it ! ... What do you want me to do , start crying like a little baby ? ` Oh , I 'm sorry I killed the little girl . ' Well , f -- k you and f -- k her ! Go ahead ! Put me outta my f -- ing misery ! " -- As Lt. Bobby Daughtert in 1995 's "  Crimson Tide " questioning a new first officer , Hunter , who 'd challenged their submarine 's captain : "  We 've been following the captain for years , and now this a -- hole Hunter shows up , and we 're supposed to follow him because he said so ? " -- As Virgil , a deranged mobster , in 1993 's "  True Romance " : "  Now the first time you kill somebody , that 's the hardest ... . The second one ai n't no f -- in ' Mardi Gras either , but it 's better than the first one ... The third one is easy , you level right off . It 's no problem . " Read : Entertainers , politicians mourn Gandolfini Read : ` Sopranos , ' Gandolfini left mark on N.J. businesses	James Gandolfini played Tony Soprano on the HBO hit show "  The Sopranos " Tony Sorprano 's lines routinely struck a chord for their frankness , humor , depth Gandonfini , who died in Italy , had notable roles in films like "  Crimson Tide , " "  8MM " More recently , he played the CIA director in the critically acclaimed "  Zero Dark Thirty "
CNN  -- Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Barack Obama on Friday called for an economic plan for working families , saying , "  We can not only have a plan for Wall Street . Sen. Barak Obama speaks at a campaign rally in Coral Gables , Florida , Friday . "  We must also help Main Street , " he said . While "  tough new regulations on financial institutions " are needed , the Illinois senator called for an emergency economic plan for working families . Obama spoke after meeting with his economic advisers in Coral Gables , Florida . Watch Obama call for help for Main Street " Obama on Friday also backed administration and congressional leaders ' efforts to develop a "  a more stable and permanent solution " to the U.S. financial crisis . Watch Obama talk about how working Americans need help in this economy Obama 's statement came after Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson , Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke and Securities and Exchange Commission Chairman Christopher Cox met with congressional leaders to discuss a plan that would allow banks to get rid of bad mortgage-related assets that have been a drag on their balance sheets . "  What we 're looking at right now is to provide the Treasury and the Federal Reserve with as broad authority as necessary to stabilize markets and maintain credit , " Obama said . "  We need a more institutional response to create a system that can manage some of the underlying problems with bad mortgages , help homeowners stay in their homes , protect the retirement and savings of working Americans . " After meeting with his economic advisors , Obama said his team would not present a detailed economic plan at this time , "  given the gravity of this situation , and based on conversations I have had with both Secretary Paulson and Chairman Bernanke . " Obama said he would not present his plan until the Treasury and Federal Reserve have presented theirs . "  It is critical at this point that the markets and the public have confidence that their work will be unimpeded by partisan wrangling , and that leaders in both parties work in concert to solve the problem at hand , " Obama said . Later , Obama held a rally , at the University of Miami , which was disrupted by protesters who held up signs saying "  Blacks against Obama " and "  Obama endorsed by the KKK . " Obama said the protesters could stay and hold up their signs if they stopped shouting , but they were later escorted out after they continued to disrupt the rally . Obama spoke after Republican presidential candidate Sen. John McCain said Friday morning that he would establish a new agency to deal with the U.S. financial crisis that many experts say is the worst since the Great Depression . Watch McCain blast Washington corruption " That agency , a Mortgage and Financial Institutions trust , would work with the private sector and regulators to identify institutions that are weak and fix them before they go broke . "  The underlying principle of the MFI or any approach considered by Congress should be to keep people in their homes and safeguard the life savings of all Americans by protecting our financial system and capital markets , " McCain told the Green Bay Chamber of Commerce in Wisconsin . McCain said the agency would be an early intervention program to help financial institutions avoid bankruptcy , expensive bailouts and damage to their customers . Obama , at the rally in Florida , lashed out at McCain 's plan . "  This morning Sen. McCain gave a speech in which his big solution to this worldwide economic crisis was to blame me for it . "  This is a guy who spent nearly three decades in Washington and after spending the entire campaign saying I have n't been in Washington long enough ... he apparently now is willing to assign me responsibility for all of Washington 's failure , " he said . Wall Street witnessed the federal government take unprecedented steps this week to stabilize the economy , including the takeover of the insurance giant American International Group Inc. in exchange for an $ 85 billion loan from the Federal Reserve . In his speech , McCain blamed the crisis on "  the corruption and manipulation of our home mortgage system " and blasted Congress and the administration for not addressing the problems at the two mortgage giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , which he said "  led our housing system down a path where quick profit was placed before sound finance . " McCain also blasted his Democratic rival , Sen. Barack Obama , for not working to clean up the "  corruption " at Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac . Fact Check : Did Obama ` profit ' from Fannie and Freddie ? "  We 've heard a lot of words from Sen. Obama over the course of this campaign . But maybe just this once he could spare us the lectures and admit to his own poor judgment in contributing to these problems . The crisis on Wall Street started in the Washington culture of lobbying and influence peddling , and he was square in the middle of it . " Although action must be taken to avoid future panics , the Arizona Republican said that ultimately , the economy would have to grow to get through "  this tough time for America . " McCain touted his economic plan , which includes tax cuts , and again said Obama would increase taxes on Americans who make as little as $ 42,000 . McCain 's charge that his opponent would raise taxes on those making $ 42,000 is misleading , however . The McCain campaign cites Obama 's vote for a nonbinding 2008 budget resolution that outlines budget priorities through 2013 and assumed that President Bush 's tax cuts would expire in 2011 . Fact Check : Does Obama want to raise taxes ? The Obama campaign says its economic plan would raise taxes only on those making over $ 250,000 . The economic crisis has given Obama and his running mate , Sen. Joe Biden , the opportunity to go on the offensive . Most Americans see Obama as more capable than McCain when it comes to the economy , polls indicate . The two campaigns have traded shots all week , most recently over the government takeover of AIG . As the economy has dominated the headlines , Obama has widened his lead over McCain , according to CNN 's latest "  poll of polls . " Obama gains in national polls	NEW : Sen. Obama says any recover plan must help workers and homeowners McCain repeats misleading charge against Obama on taxes John McCain calls for agency to help weak financial institutions McCain blasts Barack Obama for not working to fix Freddie Mae , Freddie Mac
Africa has seen some ugly divorces in recent times : Eritrea and Ethiopia , Sudan and South Sudan . Now Mali is threatened with partition as a rebellion flares in the north and political uncertainty grips the capital , Bamako . Mali 's neighbors and western governments are looking on anxiously as drug traffickers and Islamist groups affiliated with al Qaeda take advantage of the vacuum -- in a region already blighted by hunger , poverty and weak government . The origins of Mali 's collapse are twofold . In January , Tuareg rebels began attacking towns in the vast deserts of northern Mali . Many had recently returned from fighting for Moammar Gadhafi in Libya , bringing guns and vehicles with them . Then , on March 22 , there was a coup by mid-ranking officers in Mali 's army angry with corruption and the lack of resources for fighting the rebellion . A vast country of few inhabitants  15 million  and searing desert , Mali lies at an awkward intersection in Africa . To the north is a 1,200 kilometer border with Algeria , to the east Niger with its own restive Tuareg minority , to the west Mauritania . All four countries are dealing with the growing presence of Islamist groups affiliated with al Qaeda . Tuareg revolts in Mali and Niger are nothing new . Long marginalized , the pastoral and nomadic Tuareg have frequently taken up arms , sometimes with Gadhafi 's backing . "  The Tuareg feel like the outsiders of the national economy , completely excluded from the economic resources in many regions , " says Salma Belaala , a professor at Warwick University in England who studies jihad in the Sahel . This revolt , launched by the National Movement for the Liberation of Azawad , or MNLA , is more serious than previous rebellions . Its fighters now control several important towns in the north , including Gao on the river Niger and the fabled city of Timbuktu , where the mayor has spoken of teenage boys strutting through the streets with AK-47s . An area the size of Texas is now beyond the government 's control . The MNLA has declared independence for Azawad . Speaking to the U.N. Security Council last week , Mali envoy Omar Daou says : "  Our people are divided . Our country is threatened with partition . " The vast areas involved -- and some of the most inhospitable and scorched terrain on Earth -- make outside intervention risky . Western analysts say the plan by the Economic Community of West African States to deploy some 3,000 troops to reclaim areas held by the rebels may just make the situation worse . The Tuareg rebels are hardened fighters . Their chief of staff , Mohammed Ag Najm , was a colonel in Libya , and several hundred other Tuareg served in Libyan uniforms . Professor Jeremy Keenan of the School of Oriental and African Studies in London says it 's difficult to know how many people the MNLA has under arms and to separate its core force from hangers-on . "  But who 's going to kick them out ? " he asks . "  Not the Malian army , and ECOWAS would be very unwise to try to do any more than draw a line in the sand . " The MNLA is a secular , nationalist movement opposed to al Qaeda . Its Paris representative , Moussa Ag Assarid , said last week : "  The biggest challenge now is n't the military , it is to get rid of al Qaeda . We need schools and the people do n't have enough food , and that is because of al Qaeda making things unstable . " Al Qaeda ? Really ? Even seasoned observers of Mali and al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb admit that it 's difficult to unravel the links between Islamist extremists and Tuareg factions . But it 's clear the militants are at least fellow travelers in this revolt . One Tuareg group , Ansar Dine , aims to establish an Islamic state in northern Mali and is present in several newly "  liberated " areas . Its leader , Iyad Ag Ghaly , has called on the people of Timbuktu to wage "  jihad against those who resist Sharia " ; there are unconfirmed reports that Ag Ghaly met three emirs of al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb in Timbuktu on April 3 . Accounts from Timbuktu in the last week say the black flag associated with al Qaeda has been hoisted on pickup trucks . A journalist in the city , Yayha Tandina , says Islamists who arrived in the city are demanding the imposition of Sharia law . Tandina says on Thursday that Ansar Dine "  pretty much has control of the entire city , and is attempting to destroy all signs of Christianity , shutting down bars that sell alcohol and harassing cigarette vendors . " "  What they want is to cut the hands of those who commit adultery . ... And they will no longer accept girls who are dressed in -LSB- what they call -RSB- a ` disastrous ' way , " Tandina says . Other sources say the group has attracted teenage boys to its ranks with offers of food , now in short supply in many areas . That has set off alarm bells in the country that once ruled Mali . French Foreign Minister Alain Juppe says it "  appears that this extreme Islamist-Jihadist faction is taking the upper hand among the different Tuareg factions . " But the MNLA 's Ag Assarid said last week : "  It is true that Ansar Dine have the black flags , but they are not al Qaeda . They want stability on the streets . Although they want Sharia law , they are against al Qaeda , too . " Warwick University 's Belaala supports that assessment . "  We ca n't make a systematic link between the AQIM and Tuareg . It 's completely false , " she says . Professor Keenan says there is another complicating factor , asserting that the Algerian security service is highly influential among leaders such as Ag Ghaly , with whom it has long had links , as well as with key regional leaders of al Qaeda  such as Abdelhamid abou Zaid  . Keenan says he believes the Algerians see some benefit in the "  specter " of al Qaeda roaming the desert because it heightens their importance to the United States as a partner in counterterrorism -- even as they simultaneously lead regional efforts to co-operate against extremist groups . Algerian officials reject claims they have any links with al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb . Al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb 's hierarchy , reach and its links with Tuareg factions may be as clear as a sandstorm , but it has certainly become more audacious in Mali . Intelligence sources in the region say it has makeshift camps in remote desert bordering Algeria and Mauritania . In November , it abducted three Europeans from a restaurant in Timbuktu , killing a German man who resisted . Two French geologists were kidnapped the same week . Al Qaeda has threatened to kill all five if any rescue attempt is launched . Some Tuareg leaders and military officers claim al Qaeda benefited from the complicity or at least negligence of the previous civilian government , with some influential politicians allegedly profiting from the extremists ' connections to drug trafficking and ransoms paid to free western hostages . A stormy outlook The Economic Community of West African States has persuaded coup leader Capt. Amadou Sanogo to transfer power  if not leave the stage  , and the speaker of Mali 's National Assembly , Dioncounda Traore , was sworn in as interim president on Thursday . The U.S. State Department has described the transition as "  not ideal " but also "  a very important restoration of civilian rule . " Regional sources doubt that Traore can or wants to negotiate with the Tuareg . As he took his oath of office Thursday , he threatened "  total war " against the rebels -- a position that appears to have the support of other west African states . "  We prefer peace , but if war is the only way out , we will wage it , " Traore says , according to Reuters in Bamako . For now , it seems extremely unlikely that whoever is in charge in Bamako  Traore , a newly elected president or Sanogo  would implement past promises of autonomy and development for Tuareg areas , and reach an agreement with the MNLA to integrate its fighters into the army . The anti-Tuareg mood in Bamako has grown visceral ; the MNLA are unlikely to give up gains for pledges so often reneged on . The nightmare scenario for Western governments is that without the rapid re-establishment of civilian rule , parts of northern Mali , southern Algeria and Mauritania could become a safe haven for al Qaeda in the same way the group has exploited power vacuums in Yemen and Somalia . For ordinary Malians , Tuareg or not , the nightmare is very different . In one of the poorest countries in Africa , many already know hunger and insecurity . Their situation has just become more precarious . Nongovernmental workers in Bamako speak of widespread looting in Gao , with aid groups and government offices targeted and food stores looted . Olivier Vandecasteele of Medecins du Monde says the group 's property in Gao was ransacked and its vehicles stolen . Medecins du Monde continues to work in two northern regions through local staff , stressing its independence from the Tuareg fighters there . But Vandecasteele says that with the onset of the dry season , child malnutrition could rise sharply . And an offensive against rebel-held areas would make the group 's work even more difficult . Vandecasteele estimates that the fighting has already displaced upwards of 10,000 people . His words were echoed Thursday by U.N. Human Rights Commissioner Navi Pillay , who warned that Mali "  may soon be plunged into a devastating food crisis with a risk of other shortages , including medical supplies , if the insurrections and insecurity persist . "	Mali is one of poorest nations in the world The latest revolt is more serious than previous rebellions Outsiders worry a power vacuum will allow al Qaeda affiliates to take control
CNN  -- The office of House Speaker John Boehner slammed comments by an architect of Obamacare who said the health care law was sold to the American public with misleading messaging , arguing Jonathan Gruber 's remarks confirm the ill-will behind passage of the law . "  If there was ever any doubt that ObamaCare was rammed through Congress with a heavy dose of arrogance , duplicity , and contempt for the will of the American people , recent comments made by ... Jonathan Gruber , put that to rest , " Boehner 's office said said in a statement Thursday . Videos recently emerged showing Gruber suggesting that the administration exploited the "  the stupidity of the American voter " and the "  lack of economic understanding of the American voter " in pushing the Affordable Care Act . Third video emerges of Obamacare architect insulting voters In the statement , Boehner 's office said , "  the American people are anything but ` stupid . ' They 're the ones bearing the consequences of the president 's health care law and , unsurprisingly , they continue to oppose it . " White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest pushed back against Gruber 's comments in a press briefing in Myanmar , saying , "  I disagree vigorously with " the assessment that the White House passed the law by taking advantage of what they saw as the voters ' lack of intelligence . "  This was a very difficult undertaking but ultimately this is a law that has had significant benefits for millions of people , " he said , adding that Republicans are the ones "  who have been less than forthright and transparent about what their proposed changes to the Affordable Care Act would do in terms of the choices are available to middle class families . " For his part , Gruber said Tuesday on MSNBC that he "  was speaking off the cuff " and "  spoke inappropriately . " "  And I regret making those comments , " he added . Boehner 's next challenge CNN 's Jake Tapper and Jim Acosta contributed to this report .	John Boehner 's office responded to comments by an Obamacare architect 's comments The architect , Jonathan Gruber , said the law was passed exploiting voters ` stupidity '
CNN  -- The United Nations is asking countries and donors around the world to send urgent aid to the victims of the flooding in Pakistan , one-fifth of which is now under water . The aid requested is only half the amount the world body asked for in the aftermath of Haiti 's devastating earthquake this year -- but twice as many Pakistanis are in dire need of help . The money poured in for survivors of Haiti 's quake , but the funds are only slowly trickling in for people left homeless or ill in the wake of widespread flooding in the South Asian nation . Is it because the earthquake was such a sudden shock , destroying huge chunks of cities and villages within a matter of 35 horrifying seconds while Pakistan 's floods evolved over three weeks ? That 's part of the reason , said Alex Wynter of the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies . "  Floods are always more difficult to raise money for than dramatic seismic events that happen suddenly , because the scale of it only creeps up on people , " Wynter said . "  However , this is a totally exceptional flood . I have seen quite a number of floods in my time , but never anything remotely approaching this scale . " Much also depends on media coverage and the images that permeate television and computer screens . In Haiti , pictures of the collapsed presidential palace and vast tent cities tugged at hearts . "  It 's very hard to compare disasters , " said Nicholas Reader , spokesman for the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs  OCHA  . "  Haiti was instant , extremely visual . There was an outpouring of sympathy . Pakistan has been a slowly evolving disaster . " Though it is far from truth , the suffering in Pakistan appears more muted than when dump trucks carried thousands of crushed bodies to mass graves outside the Haitian capital of Port-au-Prince . In Haiti , about 3 million lives were disrupted and more than 200,000 people died in the massive January earthquake . The flooding in Pakistan has been of epic proportions : 20 million people affected ; more than 1,400 dead ; 900,000 homes damaged ; 3.5 million children at risk of waterborne diseases . More people have been affected than in the 2004 South Asia tsunami , the 2005 South Asia earthquake , and the Haiti earthquake combined . But the enormous scale of Pakistan 's tragedy has been hard to grasp . The death toll has not been nearly as high as it was in those previous disasters . Ironically , that may be a reason why aid has been slow to come in . "  The public is not as shocked by a disaster if the death toll is lower , so we are trying to really push this emergency into the headlines so people understand the enormity of it , " said Maurizio Giuliano , spokesman for OCHA in Pakistan . "  The slow onset of the emergency meant that nobody knew the real scale at the beginning . It is a picture which is still evolving , " he said . The United Nations asked for $ 460 million to cover six million Pakistanis over the next three months , but has only raised one-third of that so far . In Haiti , the United Nations received $ 286 million in just three days . Its request for $ 1.2 billion for three million Haitians over a six-month period was fulfilled within a couple of weeks , Reader said . Farzana Shaikh , an expert on Pakistan for the London-based Chatham House think-tank , blamed the country 's reputation on the international stage for the low donor turnout . Many people associate Pakistan with Islamic militancy . "  Pakistan is seen to have done the international community the disservice of aiding and abetting terrorism , and this perception has almost certainly influenced people 's willingness to dig deep into their pockets , " Shaikh said . There are also perceptions that Pakistan is mired in corruption and that money donated in the aftermath of the 2005 earthquake disappeared into a black hole . "  Unless Pakistan can show that it can be transparent , the international community will be wary of pumping in the kind of money that it needs at the moment , " Shaikh said . "  In the meantime , many more thousands of people in Pakistan will die as a result of these floods . " Donors like to give money to problems they feel they can help solve . They like to make a difference , said Peter Singer , a professor of bioethics at Princeton University who has studied the subject . "  There 's lots of evidence that shows people are less likely to help if they feel it 's a really big problem and they ca n't make a difference , " said Singer , author of "  The Life You Can Save . " "  When you hear the extent of the problem in Pakistan , I think there is a sense of futility . " Haiti was smaller -- and closer to America . Americans felt a moral responsibility to help and dug deep into their pockets . What was Haiti 's gain has been Pakistan 's loss , said Waleed Rauf , country director in Pakistan for the humanitarian agency CARE . He called it Haiti donor fatigue . In the middle of a recession , to boot . "  There was a great outpouring of aid for Haiti , " Rauf said from Islamabad . "  So we know it 's there . People are suffering in Pakistan . He urged people to think of it this way : Take the effects of Hurricane Katrina in the four coastal states and multiply the misery . Over and over again .	The response to the Haiti earthquake was quicker and more generous Aid experts think it has to do with the evolving nature of the flooding They also point to Pakistan 's global image and donor fatigue
CNN  -- The next train arriving at platform three will be ... completely stuck . That was nearly the scenario in France where , it 's been revealed , the country 's main train company ordered a fleet of new trains that were too big to fit in hundreds of stations . SNCF , whose swift and efficient services are normally a point of pride for the French , spent 15 billion euros  $ 20.5 billion  on the trains , only to belatedly realize they were n't quite slim enough . The revelation that the new TER trains were too "  paunchy " for the regional stations they will be serving was made by investigative newspaper Le Canard Enchaine , and widely reported in the French media . The mixup is reported to have occurred when RFF , which operates France 's rail network , gave station dimensions to SNCF in advance of the train order . Measurements were taken from more modern stations , but neglected to include older facilities where the gap between platforms is narrower . RFF and SNCF both released statements saying the new trains were part of a network upgrade to cope with a 40 % increase in passengers over the next decade . They said 50 million euros were being spent on upgrading 1,300 platforms to accommodate the new trains .	France 's rail operators face embarrassment after a mixup led to trains being ordered that ca n't fit through some stations Media reports say operator RFF took measurements from newer stations , overlooking hundreds of older , narrower platforms RFF and and train company SNCF say a budget of 50 million euros is being spent on upgrading 1,300 platforms
Radio icon Casey Kasem 's daughter visited her father Friday evening for the first time since he was taken to Washington state two weeks ago from California in a family dispute over his care , a CNN affiliate reported . To make that visit , daughter Kerri Kasem won court approval from a Kitsap County , Washington , judge earlier in the day , CNN affiliate KING reported . A feud is ongoing between daughter Kerri Kasem and Kasem 's wife , Jean , over legal authority to care for Casey Kasem , 82 , who has Lewy body disease , the second most common type of progressive dementia after Alzheimer 's . In early May , Casey Kasem was living in a California nursing home , Kerri Kasem said . Kerri Kasem won a California court order this month to become the temporary conservator for her ailing father , but he went missing for a few days before being found in Washington state with his wife , Kerri 's stepmother . On Friday morning , a Kitsap County judge granted the daughter permission to visit her father one hour a day at a local home where Kasem and his wife are staying with close friends , the affiliate reported . "  I 'm not going to say anything much except that I 'm happy with how the court proceedings went today , " Kerri Kasem said . Jean Kasem , however , was displeased with the outcome of Friday 's court proceedings and told reporters , "  Shame on these children . " She then played an audio recording of what sounded like a groaning man , saying the moaning came from her husband when he heard about Friday 's court activity , the affiliate reported . "  He 's crying , " Jean Kasem said . When Kerri Kasem showed up for her one-hour visit Friday evening , she and a companion were met by two security guards with motorcycles in the driveway , KING reported . One man 's motorcycle vest said "  Combat Veterans " on the back . There was a brief disagreement over whether Kerri Kasem 's male companion would be allowed onto the house 's premises , but the guard eventually admitted both of them , according to the news outlet . Kasem 's daughter wins additional powers in court One hour later , Kasem wiped away tears as she left the house . She made no comment to reporters . On Friday , Kerri Kasem also won court permission to take her father to the doctor , the affiliate reported . The Washington state judge will hold another hearing June 6 on whether the California court order naming her as her father 's temporary conservator would also apply in Washington state , the affiliate reported . A California court also awarded Kerri Kasem temporary durable power of attorney and health care directive and has ordered Jean Kasem to surrender Casey Kasem 's passport to the daughter . The California judge also ordered that Casey Kasem ca n't travel anywhere without a court order until a doctor clears him . Casey Kasem 's other daughter , Julie Kasem , and her husband , Dr. Jamil Aboulhosn , have said her father signed papers in 2007 giving them the power of attorney over his heath care in the event he was unable to make his own health decisions . But Julie and Kerri Kasem and their brother , Mouner Kasem , have contended since last year that Jean Kasem has prevented the three from visiting their father . Jean Kasem said in court papers last year that the three children "  single-handedly and irreparably shattered " the couple 's lives by deploying public demonstrations and attacks in the media , according to CNN affiliate KCBS . Kerri Kasem 's temporary conservatorship over her father is in effect until June 20 , when another California court hearing is scheduled on whether to make the conservatorship permanent . U.S. radio listeners knew Kasem for decades as the host of music countdown shows "  American Top 40 " and "  Casey 's Top 40 . " He retired in 2009 . Kasem was also the voice of Shaggy in the cartoon "  Scooby Doo " and an announcer for NBC . All-time great DJs	Judge approves one-hour daily visits between Casey Kasem , his daughter Judge also allows daughter to take the ailing radio icon , 82 , to a doctor A feud over his care is raging between Kasem 's wife and his daughter The judge will hold a hearing next week on whether to uphold a California court order
CNN  American adolescents and summer camp go together like bug juice and s'mores . For many young adults , the occasion marks a golden opportunity for co-ed camaraderie in the mess hall or even a stolen kiss in the woods . As the last of the sleepaway campers begrudgingly say their goodbyes to bunkmates this month , it 's worth remembering that some campers and counselors keep the campfire flames burning much longer with summer flings that become lifetime commitments . A first -- and last -- kiss "  I always went to camp kicking and screaming , " Alex Spitz said of her early teenage years at Camp JCA Shalom in Malibu , California . That is , until a blond boy named Eric showed up to camp one summer . "  And then I never wanted to leave , " she laughs . For two summers , Alex shared laughs and awkward slow dances with Eric , who "  always had this smile on his face , and his eyes twinkled . " But -- if "  Grease " taught anything about those summer nights -- as camp ended , so did their teenage romance . Fast-forward to 2006 , when Alex signed up for the social networking site MySpace and one blast-from-the-past name popped into her mind : Eric Spitz . They both were in relationships at the time , but exchanged a few friendly messages . A year later , with both of them newly and conveniently single , Eric wrote Alex saying he would be in Los Angeles for his brother 's wedding and asked if she would like to meet for a drink . Drinks turned into dinner , which five days later turned into plans to move cross-country -- Eric packed up two months later . In 2008 , when the topic of marriage crept up , they knew the only venue that would suit : Camp JCA Shalom . Alex phoned the director , knowing it was n't a typical wedding venue . The only date the camp had free amid busy summer sessions was May 31 , 2009 . "  We 'll take it , " she said . They had a date and a venue , but no formal engagement , which came shortly after . "  I look back and am like ` We were crazy ! ' but it never felt like that , " she says . The two married , surrounded by 150 friends and family , and shared a slightly less awkward slow dance right where it all started . Eric and Alex , now 34 and 33 , live in Orange County with their two sons , who are already attending family weekend at the same camp where their parents met . Eric jokes Alex was his first -- and now last -- kiss . When a wrong room turns out right As an avid skier during her adolescence , Justine Spence opted to attend a special off-season ski camp , World Mogul Camp , in Whistler , British Columbia . Instead of cabins , campers were put up in hotel rooms at a ski resort for their two-week summer sessions . As campers were getting settled in , Justine wanted to surprise a friend she had met on the competitive ski circuit and asked for her room number at the front desk . "  I ran in the room and yelled ` MEGAN ! ' -- then quickly realized it was not Megan , " she says . Instead , she found "  a very cute boy with green eyes and a nice smile , " who introduced himself as Steele Spence . It was a scene right out of a teen romance novel . "  The second that I met him , it was like a bolt of lightning , " she says . The pair hung out all through the summer , and continued to rekindle their relationship each summer , even when Steele became a counselor . "  He would get his hand slapped for making out with me , because I was a camper ! " Justine says . Ski camp turned out to be a good investment for a few reasons -- Steele went on to compete worldwide , in the X Games , and has since retired and been instrumental in creating judging criteria for slopestyle skiing , which made its Olympic debut in Sochi , Russia , in February . The couple will have been married four years this month and their relationship shows no signs of going downhill . A perfect rainy day activity Beigette Gill arrived at Portland International Jetport in Maine from her native Australia in 2002 with nothing but a backpack full of clothes . When a fellow camp counselor named Jim picked her up at the airport , little did she know she had met her life mate . During the off-season , the two began dating . As their second summer working together approached , Jim organized a marriage proposal during a camp assembly with plenty of whitewater-related puns about never knowing what 's around the bend . Beigette 's answer : "  Yes ! " But , they decided , why wait ? So they made plans to get married that summer as well . When Beigette and Jim showed up at town hall to make arrangements , the town clerk asked if she could do the ceremony with people who knew them , to ensure it was n't just a ploy to get a green card for Beigette . The couple thought of Camp Fernwood 's director , not to mention the 300 campers who had witnessed their proposal earlier that summer . Meanwhile , the camp director was trying to come up with a "  rainy day activity " when the perfect backup plan walked in the door -- Jim and Beigette . The whole camp pitched in on the big day of July 18 , 2003 . One of the counselors let Beigette borrow a white dress , the senior campers straightened her hair and did her makeup , a camper played Pachelbel 's "  Canon in D " on the piano , the camp 's chef made a multi-tiered wedding cake , and the silversmithing department even made rings for the couple . The clerk showed up and performed the ceremony in the camp 's main hall . Getting married at camp ensured the ceremony was simple , with little pomp , circumstance and fretting beforehand . "  There was no fighting over the color of the place napkins , " Jim Gill says . The couple has since purchased a camp nearby , Fernwood Cove , where they live year-round with their son , Perrin , 4 1/2 , and daughter Sylvie , 6 1/2 . The Gills have experienced adversity as well , with Beigette suffering a traumatic spinal cord injury during a family bike trip after camp season in 2011 . Support and encouragement from family members and Fernwood Cove campers have helped Beigette along her road to recovery . And to think it all started when an American camp counselor gave his Aussie colleague a ride from the airport . "  You never know where camp will lead you , " Jim says .	Camp romances are a classic pop culture trope , and they can be very real Couples who meet at camp sometimes choose to go back to get married or engaged there "  You never know where camp will lead you , " says one camp owner
CNN  -- Authorities in Belize are trying to find and talk to Internet antivirus pioneer John McAfee about a fatal shooting in the Central American nation , a police spokesman said Monday . "  He is wanted for questioning in the murder of Gregory Faull , and we are still seeking him , " said Raphael Martinez , a national police spokesman . A housekeeper discovered Faull 's body in a hallway of his home with a gunshot wound to the back of his head , according to Martinez and a notice on the national police 's website . Police later arrived at the home north of San Pedro , on the Caribbean island of Ambergris Caye , and found the 52-year-old Faull "  lying face-up in a pool of blood , " according to the police website . Police later found a 9mm shell at the bottom of stairs near Faull . Accounts differ as to when this took place . Martinez said Faull , who lived alone near McAfee , was found Saturday morning . The police website , meanwhile , states the body was found around 8 a.m. Sunday and that Faull was last seen alive around 10 p.m. Saturday . Authorities investigating the homicide are speaking to another person as they pursue multiple leads , said Martinez . A laptop computer and cell phone are missing from Faull 's home . According to the spokesman , police have not established a motive in the killing . McAfee left his namesake Internet security firm in 1994 and has not been affiliated with the firm since then , said company spokeswoman Kimberly Eichorn . Citing its policy not to comment on former employees , Eichorn did not comment on the case . CNN could not determine McAfee 's current whereabouts or whether he has a lawyer . According to a story on Wired magazine 's website , McAfee said regarding Faull 's death that he knew "  nothing , other than I heard he had been shot . " McAfee told Wired that he 's been at odds with Belizean authorities for months , adding that he 's hiding from them somewhere in the country . According to his alma mater , Roanoke College , McAfee graduated from that Virginia school in 1967 as a mathematics major . He went on to found several tech companies and launch groundbreaking products , including a voice recognition system Interpath in 1981 , McAfee in 1988 , and the instant messaging pioneer Tribal Voice in 1996 . Iran says it will investigate jailed blogger 's death Hearing set in tennis umpire 's murder case How four companies took over the Internet CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	Gregory Faull , a U.S. citizen , was found dead last weekend on a Belize island Belize police want to question McAfee about the death , a spokesman says John McAfee tells Wired he is innocent and in hiding He left his namesake Internet security firm in 1994
Mashable  -- Americans are going online to pass the time more than they were just a few years ago , according to a new study . A report from Pew Research Center 's Internet & American Life Project found that about 53 % of young adults ages 18 to 29 go online on any given day for no particular reason except for a diversion or just for fun . About 81 % of people in this demographic said they have done so at least occasionally . The study -- conducted among 2,260 adults ages 18 and over on landlines and cellphones -- has a margin of error of 3.7 % . But it 's not just young web users that turn to the Internet during their down time -- about 58 % of all adults or 74 % of online adults said they use the Internet this way , up from 45 % of adults who said they did so in a Pew survey conducted in 2006 . Pew noted that the growth of people using the Internet as a "  destination for fun " coincides with the rise of broadband connections , social networking and video . The trend also suggests that the Web is becoming a competitor to other kinds of other leisure activities . "  These findings are one of our main signs about how deeply Internet use has woven itself into the rhythms of people 's lives , " lead author Lee Rainie told Mashable . "  When they have some down time , more and more of them are finding the Internet a fun , diverting place to spend their leisure moments . It 's not necessarily surprising to see that this is a favorite pastime of young adults . It is a bit surprising to see that the incidence of this use has grown in every age demographic . The Internet is not just the playground of the young . " The study did not ask respondents specifically how they are spending their time online for fun . © 2011 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Survey : 53 % of young adults go online for no particular reason Growth coincides with rise of social networking and online video The trend suggests that the Web is becoming a competitor to other leisure activities
A 36-year-old Dane called Morten Storm says he was the man who led the CIA to Anwar al Awlaki , the al Qaeda cleric killed in a U.S. drone strike in Yemen last year . And he says he did it with a computer thumb-drive that secretly contained a tracking device . Among the evidence he 's produced : recorded telephone conversations , passport stamps showing multiple trips to Yemen , correspondence with Awlaki , and a recording of a conversation with an unidentified American - who acknowledges his role in the pursuit of Awlaki . Read more : Anwar al-Awlaki : al Qaeda 's rock star no more The Danish newspaper Jyllands-Posten has published details of his story over the past few days , after reviewing documents and tapes of the conversations Storm provided . The Danish Intelligence Service PET wo n't confirm or deny Storm 's account ; CNN has yet to reach American officials for comment . Storm appears to have led a life of many parts -- committed jihadist , family man and outdoor sports enthusiast . In fact , he helped run a UK-based enterprise called Storm Outdoors -- on which his instructor 's profile speaks of his time "  living with the Beduins in the Deserts in the North of Yemen . " Read more : U.S. drone killing of American al-Awlaki prompts legal , moral debate There is firm evidence that Storm , a former biker and petty criminal , moved within jihadist circles after converting to Islam in the late 1990s -- becoming known as Murad Storm . One video clearly shows him at a rally of militant Islamists in London in 2005 , listening to a speech by the extremist preacher Omar Bakri Mohammed . According to Jyllands-Posten , Storm was by then on the radar of the PET because of his links with Islamist militants . The following year , he says , he changed sides , becoming a double-agent run by the PET . Meeting Awlaki According to Storm 's account , he first met Anwar al Awlaki at his father 's house in 2006 , while studying in the Yemeni capital , Sanaa . Storm was attending Al Iman University -- which was renowned for militancy and where Awlaki himself taught . "  We talked freely to each other , " Storm told Jyllands-Posten . Read more : U.S. officials warn of possible retaliation after al Qaeda cleric is killed That was before Awlaki was arrested and spent some 17 months in a Yemeni jail , accused in connection with an al Qaeda plot . It was while Awlaki was in jail that Storm says he underwent a transformation . At some point in the winter of 2006 , Storm approached the PET and offered his services . He says he was introduced to British intelligence and the CIA , and was a given a handler by PET . Jyllands-Posten says it has confirmed the identity of that handler . Read more : FBI official : Hasan should have been asked about e-mails with radical cleric Storm told the newspaper that the CIA and PET "  knew that Anwar saw me as his friend and confidant . They knew that I could reach him , and find out where he stayed . " When Awlaki was released from prison Storm was able "  to bring materials and electronic equipment to him , " using money provided by Danish intelligence . Al Qaeda 's shopping list Storm says the CIA wanted to plant a tracking device in the equipment he was taking to Yemen , but it was becoming more difficult to reach Awlaki , who by 2009 was in hiding in remote Shabwa province . Storm 's last meeting with the militant cleric - by now perhaps al Qaeda 's most influential propagandist - was in September 2009 , he told Jyllans-Posten . Storm stayed at the house of an al Qaeda sympathizer . At a desert hide-out , Awlaki asked Storm to acquire solar panels or a transportable fridge which could be used for cooling explosives components . "  We also discussed the terrorist attacks . He had some plans that would hit large shopping centers in the West or elsewhere with many people with poison attacks , " according to Storm 's account . Storm 's passport includes an exit stamp from Yemen dated September 19 , 2009 . A few weeks after he returned to Copenhagen , Storm says he met CIA and PET officials . Read more : Al Qaeda cell leader killed in family dispute He was shown satellite photographs of the area where he had met Awlaki and identified the house where he had stayed . A short time later , Yemeni forces launched an assault on the house , killing its owner . But Awlaki had gone . Jyllands-Posten is in possession of an e-mail purportedly from Awlaki to Storm , dated January 17 , 2010 . "  Do you remember the guy you lived with ? It is now confirmed that he has been killed , " the cleric wrote . The newspaper says it also has taped telephone conversations between Storm and PET agents . The USB gambit According to Storm , it was more than a year before another attempt was made to track down Awlaki . Storm recounts a two-day meeting in April 2011 with PET agents at a hotel in Helsingor , overlooking the Baltic Sea . It was decided it would be too dangerous for Storm to return to try to meet Awlaki , but he would travel to the Yemeni capital and then send a USB stick to Awlaki via a messenger . Read more : From the grave , al-Awlaki calls for bio-chem attacks on the U.S. Before leaving , he sent a message to the editors of "  Inspire , " the online magazine published by al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula  AQAP  , using the codename Awlaki had given him - "  Polar Bear . " In June 2011 , he made a five-day visit to Sanaa , followed by a longer one in July . Storm says he was given three rendezvous on different days - one of them at a KFC in Sanaa . Read more : 21,000 people now on U.S. no fly list , official says It was a typical precaution on the part of Awlaki and al Qaeda . At the third location , the messenger passed him a list from Awlaki of what he needed . The USB stick , with encrypted messages , became their means of communication . At one point , Awlaki asked what was being reported in the West about alleged plans by AQAP to use the poison ricin . At about the same time , the New York Times reported : "  American counterterrorism officials are increasingly concerned that the most dangerous regional arm of Al Qaeda is trying to produce the lethal poison ricin , to be packed around small explosives for attacks against the United States . " One typed message from Awlaki included a personal request , perhaps illustrating the close relationship the two had forged . "  My wife needs some stuff from Sanaa so can your wife buy it for her ? " he asked . Read more : State Department calls family of American killed in drone strike Storm says he was recalled to Europe in August 2011 , and met with both CIA agents and PET officials in Malaga , Spain . He claims he was told by "  the American " that there was plenty of reward money should Awlaki be killed . In September 2011 , Storm says he received a message from an intermediary , who took the USB stick back to Yemen . "  I heard later ... that the messenger had come to the shopping center , had the USB connector and was driven away in a Toyota Land Cruiser , " Storm told Jyllens-Posten . Three weeks later , Anwar al Awlaki was dead . U.S. officials maintained that a separate intelligence stream had led them to Awlaki 's location . Storm did n't believe them . Falling out with the Americans "  I am convinced that the CIA seized the messenger ... . but the Americans apparently wo n't recognize that it was an agent of PET and the small country , Denmark , which led to the detection of Anwar , " Storm told Jyllands-Posten . According to the newspaper 's account , a meeting was set up at the Hotel Marienlyst in Helsingor a week after Awlaki 's death in an attempt to mollify Storm . The newspaper has obtained a nine-minute recording of that meeting - made by Storm on his cell-phone . Storm is heard talking to a man with an American accent by the name of Michael , who acknowledges Storm 's work for the PET and CIA . Read more : Official : Drone attack kills Al-Awlaki 's son in Yemen "  He was my mentor . He was my sheikh , he was my teacher , he was a friend of mine . But  because  of the evil in him , I took the step , " Storm told the American . ` Michael ' says at one point : "  I want you to understand - this is a team - it was all a team effort - a team from my organization - from me , who are here with you guys , from Jed  apparently Morten Storm 's previous U.S. contact  ... " He adds that Storm 's contribution was known to senior U.S. officials - adding : "  I 'm talking about the President of the United States . He knows you , he knows you . So the right people know your contribution . And we are grateful . " Read more : Al-Awlaki 's father denies endorsing terror But ` Michael ' maintains in the conversation that it was a parallel operation that led to locating Awlaki . There is no way of confirming Michael 's identity as a U.S. official . But in a subsequent recorded telephone conversation from August , a PET agent code-named ` Olde ' said he understood Storm 's frustration and would try to get him some reward money . In a statement made Saturday to Jyllands-Posten , the head of Danish intelligence , Jakob Scharf , said : "  For the sake of PET 's operational work , PET can not and will not publicly confirm whether specific individuals have been used as sources . " Read more : New al Qaeda video praises slain Yemeni-American cleric As for Storm , he maintains a Facebook page which suggests he is living in a town in south-east England . Among the messages posted in the last few days , a link to the theme song for the new James Bond movie , with the comment : "  Feels related . " According to posts on an Islamist forum in the past 24 hours , ` Murad 's ' former "  brothers " in Luton , a town in England where he once appears to have had a business , have not forgotten him . One wrote : "  This scumbag lived in Luton and mixed with brothers for a few years and was an agent all along . " Another commented : "  Murad was always a Saudi Salafy ... Anyone who a had a one to one knew he was Salafy to the core . " And a note of caution from a third : "  He was such a loud mouth that nobody wanted anything to do with him . He would come out with the most absurd claims . " Maybe only Michael , Jed and a few PET agents know otherwise .	A Danish newspaper Jyllands-Posten has published details of Storm 's story U.S. officials maintain a separate intelligence stream led them to Awlaki Storm led a life of many parts -- committed jihadist , family man and sports enthusiast He says Awlaki was his mentor , but he became a double agent
Washington  CNN  -- LifeWay Christian Bookstores has removed a Bible from its shelves because the Bible helped raise money for the Susan G. Komen Foundation , which in turn "  funds Planned Parenthood " breast cancer programs . The Bible , which was published by B&H Publishing Group , was sold with the stipulation that $ 1 from the sale of each Bible would go to the Komen Foundation . The foundation says on its website it gives money to Planned Parenthood , stating that funds from the foundation go to "  Planned Parenthood-sponsored breast cancer health programs . " When Lifeway realized they were donating to a foundation that also donated to Planned Parenthood , they released a statement stating they "  made a mistake . " "  When our leadership discovered the overwhelming concern that some of Komen 's affiliates were giving funds to Planned Parenthood , we began the arduous process of withdrawing this Bible from the market , " stated a release by Thom S. Rainer , president and CEO of LifeWay . "  Though we have assurances that Komen 's funds are used only for breast cancer screening and awareness , it is not in keeping with LifeWay 's core values to have even an indirect relationship with Planned Parenthood . " The issue had become a cause cÃ © lÃ ¨ bre for anti-abortion advocates around the country , including the websites LifeNews.com and Bound4Life.com . After Lifeway Christian Bookstores announced they were removing the Bible , Steven Ertelt , the founder of the website , posted a call to action for his readers . "  Take a few minutes to say thanks , " read a post on the website . Bound4Life issued a similar post . "  Thank you , Mr. Rainer and LifeWay for doing the right thing , " wrote Susan Tyrrell , editor of the website . "  We can pray the controversy will bring more awareness to Komen 's unwise giving practices . " This is not the first time the Komen Foundation has been questioned about its connection with Planned Parenthood . The foundation issued a June 2011 statement that further clarified its association with "  19 Planned Parenthood programs . " "  In all cases , Komen funding is used exclusively to provide breast cancer programs , including clinical breast exams conducted by trained medical personnel , " stated the release . "  It 's important to note that Komen will only make grants to non-profit organizations . As many mammography providers are for-profit entities , we are only to fund mammography services through grants made to local non-profit service providers . " As long as there are vulnerable communities in need , concluded the release , "  Komen will fund the facilities that can best meet those needs . " In light of the Bibles ' removal , LifeWay has pledged to "  continue to seek innovative ways that are in keeping with LifeWay 's core values . "	Lifeway said the sale of the Bible violated its core values Funds from the sale of the Bible went to the Susan G. Komen Foundation Komen gives money to Planned Parenhood for breast cancer screening Decision to pull Bible wins praise from anti-abortion groups
Departures.com  -- Now that ultra-plush bathrobes , high-thread-count linens and designer toiletries are de rigueur at upscale hotels , top properties are offering innovative and extravagant perks to ensure a distinctive experience . Some , like the Ritz Carlton South Beach 's tanning butler and Hotel Monaco 's pet psychic , trend toward the whimsical . Others are designed to enrich guests ' connection to the locale , like the in-house art concierge at Le Royal Monceau , who will design a trip through the best Parisian museums and galleries , or the genealogists on hand at Ireland 's Lodge at Doonbeg to track visitors ' family ancestry . While some hotels charge a fee for these over-the-top services , many do not , adding it to the lavish perks and anticipated benefit of any stay at an extraordinary hotel , says Jonathan Frolich , general manager of Andaz 5th Avenue in Manhattan . Departures.com : See more outrageous hotel perks As part of his own property 's commitment to connecting guests with New York culture , Frolich and his team commissioned street artists to graffiti the walls of the hotel and offered guests an opportunity to jump a multi-month wait list to get a tattoo created by world-famous artist Mister Cartoon , whose client list includes BeyoncÃ © and Justin Timberlake . "  Years ago , the grandest hotels were bastions of culture , representing whatever was happening artistically in that city , " says Frolich . "  That commitment and connection has disappeared for a very long time -- we 're trying to bring it back . " For those eager to experience this renaissance in luxe hotel services -- or simply get pampered in a creative , new way -- here 's a menu of perks and amenities available around the world . Fragrance Butler , Rosewood Hotels , North America and Saudi Arabia For some adventurers , a new city is an occasion to try a new scent . Rosewood Hotels recently announced it would provide a dedicated fragrance butler in each of its North American and Saudi Arabian properties . The butler arrives to guests ' suites with a fragrance menu tailored to the hotel , with offerings like Chanel No. 5 , Bulgari Black , Daisy Marc Jacobs and Chanel CoCo Mademoiselle for women and , for the gents , Tom Ford for Men , Bulgari Pour Homme and Hermes Terre d'Hermes . rosewoodhotels.com Departures.com : Wonderful hotel libraries Artist in Residence , Andaz 5th Avenue , New York City While many hotels commission work inspired by their home city , the Andaz literally went to the streets to find the cult-status graffiti gurus and tattoo artists headlining its rotating artists-in-residence program . This winter , guests sidestepped a multi-month wait list to get tattoos by Mister Cartoon , a world-renowned ink specialist , whose clients include Dr. Dre , 50 Cent , Eminem , Justin Timberlake and BeyoncÃ © . This month , the Andaz welcomes Claudia "  Claw Money " Gold , a graffiti artist and fashion designer , whose designs have been worn by stars like Rihanna and Nicki Minaj . Gold will create a new graffiti tag for the doors to the hotel bar , as well as a limited-edition T-shirt , which will be available during her residency . newyork .5 thavenue.andaz.hyatt.com Departures.com : World 's top walking cities Tea Sommelier , The Lanesborough London Apsleys at The Lanesborough takes its tea as seriously as most fine restaurants take their wine -- which is why the hotel decided to create the world 's first tea sommelier . Guests enjoying the property 's award-winning afternoon tea service can confab with expert Karl Kessab  who has led the hotel to win the United Kingdom Tea Council 's Award of Excellence three years running  on the characteristics and benefits of their selections , as well as various preparation techniques . One not-to-be-missed brew he recommends is Rose of the Orient , an exotic antioxidant-rich green-tea blend flavored with jasmine , cornflower blossoms and rosebuds . lanesborough.com Soap Concierge , Viceroy Riviera Maya , Mexico Whether guests need relaxation or invigoration after a long day of travel , there 's a soap to fit the bill at the recently renovated and renamed Viceroy  formerly the Tides  . Upon arrival , the property 's soap concierge will come by to offer a variety of artisanal cleansing options , created by hand in nearby Mayan communities using organic ingredients . Scents change with the seasons  melon in spring ; cinnamon in winter  , each with its own restorative benefits . viceroyrivieramaya.com Departures.com : Spectacular hotel rooftop pools Pet Psychic , Hotel Monaco , Portland Plenty of hotels offer pet pampering , but Hotel Monaco is perhaps the only one with a pet psychic on staff . The psychic works with animals and their owners during a complimentary wine hour to solve behavioral issues and improve relationships . "  She works to understand what matters to the pet and helps to communicate that information back to their human to assist in strengthening the bond , " says Craig Thompson , the hotel 's general manager . monaco-portland . com Lingerie Delivery , Hard Rock Hotel & Casino , Las Vegas For visitors in need of new -- or more exciting -- lingerie , the Hard Rock Hotel offers all manner of unmentionables  plus toys , bath treats and more  at Love Jones , their in-house boutique . Rather not leave the room to shop ? The boutique has a room-service menu , open 24 hours , with items like the Peek-a-Book Bra , Good Girl/Bad Girl Blindfold and a Sexy Scenario Kit . hardrockhotel.com Mad Men -- Style Mixologist , The Surrey Hotel , New York City Here 's a service Don Draper would love : The Surrey 's in-room mixologist is on call 24 hours a day , arriving within minutes with a fully stocked cocktail cart . First comes the selection : a Moscow Mule ; Brown Derby ; Dark & Stormy ? Next , the lesson : The mixologist will whip up the first round , giving instructions so guests can re-create the cocktail . Finally , the denouement : The bartender makes his exit , leaving the cart behind . All further rounds are , shall we say , on the house . thesurrey.com Plastic Surgery Recovery , The Pierre , New York City Men and women come from all over the world to get "  enhanced " on Manhattan 's Upper East Side -- which is why luxury properties such as The Pierre offer a quiet  and discrete  place to convalesce afterward . The hotel works in partnership with New York-Presbyterian plastic surgeon-in-chief Robert Grant , M.D. , offering a package that includes car service to and from the procedure , a private escort , someone to organize billing and registration before arrival , in-room spa treatments and a specialty menu designed by a nutritionist to encourage healing . Both Grant and a house doctor are on call 24 hours a day . tajhotels.com/pierre © 2010 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	Andaz 5th Avenue will connect guests with a top-rate tattoo artist Some Rosewood Hotels have hired frangrance butlers The Hotel Monaco in Portland has a pet psychic on staff
CNN  -- Snow Leopard , the highly anticipated new operating system for the Mac , will be released ahead of schedule Friday , Apple announced Monday . "  Ordered already : I 'm just one of those nut cases , " one Twitter user wrote about the new release . The Mac OS X Snow Leopard will be available as an upgrade to the current Leopard system for $ 29 and can be pre-ordered now , the company said . "  Snow Leopard builds on our most successful operating system ever , and we 're happy to get it to users earlier than expected , " said Bertrand Serlet , Apple 's senior vice president of software engineering . "  For just $ 29 , Leopard users get a smooth upgrade to the world 's most advanced operating system and the only system with built-in -LSB- Microsoft -RSB- Exchange support . " The company said in a news release that , for Snow Leopard , Apple engineers refined 90 percent of the 1,000 projects that currently make up its operating system . Among the anticipated features will be what Apple promises to be faster applications , including e-mail and Web browser Safari 4 , while freeing up 7 GB of drive space , compared with the current system . An upgraded QuickTime system will let users more easily view , record , trim and share video , the company said , and it will include improvements to the system 's iCal calendar , podcast producer and wiki server . The system had been scheduled for a September release date . But speculation in recent days had centered on an earlier release . Apple rival Microsoft is set to release Windows 7 , a new version of its PC operating system , on October 22 . Mac users were reporting that Apple 's online stores were unavailable Monday morning , presumably to add the order page for Snow Leopard . The announcement Monday created the buzz typical of any Apple announcement among the world of devoted Mac users . Both "  Snow Leopard " and "  Mac OS X Snow " had become trending topics on Twitter on Monday morning -- with response mostly positive . "  Ordered already : I 'm just one of those nut cases , " one user wrote .	Mac 's Snow Leopard system to be out weeks ahead of schedule Apple promises new and faster apps , while saving 7 GB of space Upgrade available for pre-order : $ 29 for current Leopard users 90 percent of system 's projects were changed , Apple says
CNN  -- Here 's a look at the timeline of events in the fatal shooting of Trayvon Martin in Sanford , Florida , and the ensuing uproar . February 26 About 7 p.m. : George Zimmerman , a 28-year-old neighborhood watch captain , calls 911 to report "  a suspicious person " in the gated community called the Retreat at Twin Lakes . Zimmerman says he is following Martin after the teen started to run , prompting the dispatcher to tell him , "  We do n't need you to do that . " Zimmerman pursues Martin anyway , but then says he lost sight of him . About 7:10 p.m. : Phone records show Martin was on the phone with his girlfriend around the time he saw Zimmerman while returning on foot from a convenience store to his father 's fiancee 's home . At a March 20 news conference , Martin family attorney Benjamin Crump says the girl heard someone ask Martin what he was doing and Martin asking why the person was following him . The girl gets the impression that there is an altercation , during which the earpiece falls from Martin 's ear and the connection goes dead , according to Crump . According to an Orlando Sentinel story later confirmed by Sanford police , Zimmerman tells authorities that , after Zimmerman briefly lost track of Martin , the teen approached him . After the two exchange words , Zimmerman says , he reaches for his cell phone , and then Martin punches him in the nose . Zimmerman says Martin pins him to the ground and begins slamming his head into the sidewalk . About 7:25 p.m. : Martin is shot and killed . It is raining . At the time of his death , the teenager is unarmed and carrying a small amount of cash , a bag of Skittles candy and a can of iced tea . Several neighbors of the gated community call 911 to report the incident , with authorities eventually releasing the contents of seven such calls . In one , a man whispers , "  Hurry , please . ... There 's someone screaming outside . There 's a gunshot . Hurry up . ... There 's someone screaming . I just heard a gunshot . " Another neighbor says , "  There were gunshots right outside my house . There 's someone screaming . I just heard a guy shot . Hurry up . They are right outside my house . " In another call , a woman begs dispatchers to send help , saying someone is "  screaming and hollering " for help . Moments later , she describes a light at the scene of the shooting . "  Oh , my God , " she says . "  There 's still somebody out there walking with a flashlight . " About 7:30 p.m. : Zimmerman tells police he shot Martin in self-defense . In a police report , Officer Timothy Smith writes that Zimmerman is bleeding from the nose and back of the head . March 8 : Trayvon Martin 's father , Tracy Martin , family members and attorneys hold a news conference calling attention to the case . March 12 : Sanford Police Chief Bill Lee says Zimmerman has not been charged because there are no grounds to disprove his account of the events . March 14 : CNN 's David Mattingly reports that police have concluded their investigation and turned the file over to the state attorney , who will decide whether to file charges . Martin 's parents , Tracy Martin and Sybrina Fulton , create a petition on the website Change.org calling for Zimmerman 's arrest . Within a week , it is the second most-popular petition in the website 's history , with 877,110 signatures . The NAACP asks the Justice Department to get involved in the investigation . March 15 : In a letter to the Orlando Sentinel , George Zimmerman 's father writes that his son has been unfairly portrayed as a racist . Robert Zimmerman writes that his son is Hispanic and grew up in a multiracial family . March 16 : Authorities release seven calls to police from the night of the shooting . In one of the 911 recordings , Zimmerman says he is following Martin . Also in one of the recordings , a voice can be heard in the background screaming "  Help , help ! " followed by the sound of a gunshot . March 19 : The Justice Department announces that it has launched an investigation into Martin 's death . Florida Gov. Rick Scott asks state officials to assist in the investigation . March 20 : Florida Rep. Dennis Baxley , who sponsored the "  stand your ground " law in 2005 , says nothing in it allows people to "  pursue and confront . " The law allows people to use deadly force to defend themselves anywhere they feel a reasonable fear of death or serious injury . The Justice Department sends representation to Sanford to investigate and "  to address tension in the community . " March 21 : CNN analyzes one of the tapes of Zimmerman 's call to dispatch , in which he is purported to have used a racial slur . The results are inconclusive . March 22 : Police Chief Lee announces that he is stepping down temporarily as head of the department , which has been criticized for its handling of the shooting . Scott announces that he is appointing State 's Attorney Angela Corey of the 4th Judicial Circuit as special prosecutor , replacing Norman Wolfinger . As the petition calling for Zimmerman 's arrest reaches 1 million signatures , according to Change.org , civil rights activists , politicians , family and supporters converge on Fort Mellon Park in Sanford to rally for swift judicial action , including Zimmerman 's arrest . March 23 : President Barack Obama speaks publicly for the first time on the growing controversy , saying the incident requires national "  soul-searching . " March 24 : A handful of members from the New Black Panther Party offer a $ 10,000 reward for the "  capture " of George Zimmerman . March 26 : One month after Martin was killed , demonstrators rally across the country calling for Zimmerman 's arrest . In Sanford , the City Commission holds a town hall meeting on the incident and its aftermath . March 28 : Zimmerman 's father , Robert , appears on television and says Martin threatened to kill Zimmerman and then beat him so badly , Zimmerman was forced to shoot . March 29 : Zimmerman 's brother , Robert Zimmerman Jr. , appears on CNN and says medical records will prove that his brother was attacked and his nose was broken by Martin before he fatally shot the teen . March 29 : A witness , who asks not to be identified , tells CNN of having heard voices , "  opening a window and then seeing -- with two men or two people on the ground , one on top of each other " on the night Martin was shot dead . March 31 : Civil rights leaders join throngs of protesters carrying "  Justice for Trayvon " signs on Saturday , marching to the Sanford , Florida , police headquarters to demand the arrest of Zimmerman . April 2 : Audio experts tell CNN that they do n't believe it 's Zimmerman who can be heard yelling "  Help ! " in the background of a 911 call . They compare those screams with Zimmerman 's voice , as recorded in a 911 call he made minutes earlier describing a "  suspicious " black male , who ended up being Martin . April 5 : Zimmerman says he whispered "  punks , " not a racial slur , in the moments before he shot Martin , his attorneys tell CNN . CNN 's editorial staffers repeatedly review the tape but can reach no consensus on whether Zimmerman used a slur . April 9 : Special prosecutor Angela Corey decides against using a grand jury in the case . "  We believed , from day one , that they had enough evidence to arrest the killer of Trayvon Martin and now , as the evidence has continued to unfold , we think there has been a plethora of evidence to simply effect probable cause to do an arrest -- not for a conviction , but for an arrest , " says family attorney Benjamin Crump . April 10 : Attorneys for Zimmerman say they have lost contact with their client and no longer represent him . Lawyer Hal Uhrig says Zimmerman has , on his own , called Sean Hannity of Fox News and the office of the special prosecutor appointed to lead the investigation . Uhrig also suggests that Zimmerman has left Florida . Zimmerman 's now-former lawyers and friend Frank Taaffe confirm the authenticity of a website as having been launched by the neighborhood watch volunteer to warn supporters about groups falsely claiming to be raising funds for his defense and to solicit donations for himself . April 11 : Zimmerman is charged with second-degree murder in the shooting death of Martin , says special prosecutor Angela Corey . "  This is a very , very major charge , " says CNN Senior Legal Analyst Jeffrey Toobin . "  It carries the potential of life in prison . The jury instructions that the jury will receive is he can only be convicted if he showed a depraved attitude toward Trayvon Martin 's life . That 's a tough burden for a prosecutor to meet . But she has access to facts that we do n't . " April 12 : An affidavit of probable cause in Florida 's case against Zimmerman says he "  profiled " Martin , and disregarded a police dispatcher 's request that he await the arrival of police . Zimmerman 's relatives say that he did not profile Martin and that he shot him in self-defense . They say Zimmerman killed Martin after the teen punched him and slammed his head on the sidewalk . April 18 : A Florida judge approves a motion to disqualify herself from the case , according to the court . Zimmerman 's defense team had requested that Seminole Circuit Judge Jessica Recksiedler , who was assigned to the case , be removed after she revealed that her husband works with a CNN legal analyst . Seminole County Circuit Judge Kenneth Lester Jr. is appointed to take her place . April 20 : Speaking during a court hearing , Zimmerman apologizes to Martin 's family . Moments later , a Florida judge sets bond at $ 150,000 , allowing Zimmerman the chance to get out of jail while he awaits trial .	On February 26 , George Zimmerman shot , killed Trayvon Martin in Sanford , Florida Zimmerman calls the shooting self-defense ; Martin family says victim was profiled On April 11 , Zimmerman is charged with second-degree murder , later goes to jail On April 20 , he apologizes to Martin 's family , and a Florida judge sets his bond at $ 150,000
Pyongyang , North Korea  CNN  -- North Korea 's leader spoke before hundreds of North Korean troops and others in Pyongyang on Sunday as part of a massive , orchestrated celebration marking 100 years since the birth of the nation 's founder , Kim Il Sung . Deemed the Eternal President , Kim was born on August 15 , 1912 . Some 33 years later , following North Korea 's liberation from Japan , he pledged in Pyongyang to build a nation on wealth , strength and knowledge . His grandson , Kim Jong Un , is now North Korea 's "  supreme commander " -- a title he has recently assumed , following the death of his father , Kim Jong Il . Elaborate and extensive 100th anniversary celebrations of Kim Il Sung 's birth have been in the works for years . One of those milestones was the Friday launch of a long-range rocket -- a move deplored by the United States and many others in the international community , even after it prematurely broke apart and failed to escape the Earth 's atmosphere . On Sunday , state TV showed video of large blocks of North Korean troops as they marched in tight formation . Music was interspersed at times by coordinated chants , while military officials could be seen saluting from vehicles that drove past tanks lined up in the square . Kim Jong Un himself addressed the crowd -- his first televised speech since becoming the North Korean leader -- offering remarks that regularly stirred applause from onlookers . He touched on a number of issues , including touting the significance of North Korea 's military and vowing never to let the country 's citizens go hungry again . Much of Kim 's roughly 20-minute talk focused on the importance of the revolution spearheaded by his grandfather , saying that it was the North Korean government 's responsibility to work to realize the movement 's aspirations and live up to its values .	NEW : Kim Jong Un touts the importance of the revolution begun by his grandfather NEW : He stresses the military 's significance and vows citizens wo n't starve again He spoke during a celebration in Pyongyang celebrating Kim Jong Un 's birth 100 years earlier
CNN  -- Occupy activists and law enforcement authorities found themselves at odds in several U.S. cities over the weekend , including yet another tense showdown late Sunday afternoon in Portland , Oregon . Police in riot gear and holding batons lined up for hours along a city street , face-to-face with activists who refused to clear the road and go onto the sidewalk . This confrontation came hours after Portland police Sgt. Pete Simpson said more than a dozen people were arrested as authorities cleared Chapman Square , the last city park where protesters had gathered . Simpson said the officers were in riot gear as a precaution , and were joined by other assisting agencies . "  We needed the manpower because we used up a lot of resources yesterday  Saturday  , " he said . Mayor Sam Adams said late Sunday afternoon that "  a series of increased drug overdoses ... an arsonist that used the camp as camouflage and almost a 20 % increase in crime surrounding the encampment " prompted the move . "  All of us are working really hard at keeping the peace and protecting freedom of expression , " Adams told CNN . "  I support a lot of what the encampment stands for ...  But  it should n't be focused on port-a-potties and tents and encampments attracting criminal elements . I think this movement needs to evolve . " Kari Koch , one of the activists , told CNN that she was "  extremely disappointed that the mayor chose to crack down on these parks when the outpouring of support  among area residents  has been so strong . " "  Homeless people exist , drug addicts exist , mentally ill people exist . We were a safe place they could go , and that created some problems , " she said . "  And we were working to deal with those problems , and the mayor cut us off . " Video from earlier showed authorities dismantling tents at the camp . Once the parks -- which Simpson said are "  pretty beat up " -- are cleared , temporary fencing will be erected so repairs can be made . One officer was struck in the leg earlier Sunday by a projectile thrown from a crowd , and was taken to a hospital , but the injuries were not life-threatening , authorities said . One protester was arrested in a separate incident overnight , Simpson said . Video from that scene showed masses of protesters -- about 7,000 , according to Koch -- on downtown streets . In the early-morning hours Sunday , police told demonstrators to leave the streets or face arrest . All but two of the demonstrators followed that order , many retreating to several parks , CNN affiliate KGW reported . Yet hundreds returned by early Sunday morning -- some of whom have not been affiliated with the Occupy movement until now -- apparently hoping to witness a police confrontation , police Lt. Robert King said . On Sunday , Mayor Sam Adams praised police for showing professionalism and restraint , noting the lack of serious injuries incurred over several police actions and stressing a calm , well-communicated approach . "  I 'm prioritizing patience , " he said earlier in the day . "  In order for us to do this peacefully , we need the time and folks on the ground need the time to do their work right . " In Denver , meanwhile , two police officers were injured and two Occupy activists were arrested late Sunday afternoon , according to a statement from that Colorado city 's police department . Protesters became upset when police began removing a food table from a park , some of them surrounding a police car . One woman then pushed a Denver police officer , according to the police statement . She and a male who came to her aid were arrested . One officer twisted his knee , while another was treated and released from an area hospital after being hit in the head , police said . This scuffle took place after , on Saturday night , police in riot gear arrested 17 people as they cleared furniture and tents from an Occupy encampment near the city 's civic center , police spokesman Sonny Jackson told CNN . The main issue , he said , was that the items were blocking a right of way . "  People are welcome to come back and protest , but we do n't want them to do it in a way that 's not safe , " Jackson said . What started as the Occupy Wall Street movement in New York in September has spread across major cities worldwide as a call to action against unequal distribution of wealth . In Philadelphia , Mayor Michael Nutter said Sunday he was increasing police presence near the Occupy Philly camp and asking the city 's police commissioner to "  establish structures and strategic positioning and deployment of officers on a regular basis in that location . " What began as a peaceful protest 39 days ago has given way to increasing public safety and public health concerns , Nutter told reporters . "  Occupy Philly has changed , " he said at a noon press conference . "  We 're seeing serious health and safety issues playing out on an almost daily basis ... The people of Occupy Philly have also changed and their intentions have changed . And all of this is not good for Philadelphia . " A woman reported she was sexually assaulted Saturday night in a tent at the encampment , Nutter said . CNN affiliate WPVI reported a suspect was arrested in the alleged assault . In addition , there is the threat of fire near historic City Hall and concerns about litter , public urination , defecation and graffiti , according to the mayor . Numerous reports of thefts and assaults in the encampment have been made , and 15 emergency medical runs were made between October 6 and November 11 , he said . Also , a maintenance project is set to begin soon on City Hall , one of several , he said . A $ 50 million renovation is planned for Dilworth Plaza , where protesters have camped . Occupy Philly 's general assembly voted Friday night not to move from the plaza , and members have not responded in recent weeks to expressions of concern from the city , which has repeatedly tried to work with the protesters , he said . "  Many of the people that we talked to in the beginning of this event and activity are now gone , " he said . "  We have things we need to do , " Nutter said . "  I understand that they have things on their mind as Americans and wish to express their free speech . I understand that , I get that , I 've defended that . The things we 're talking about , the activities that are going on , are not about free speech . They 're public health and public safety concerns that have nothing to do with Wall Street and corporations . " The protesters are "  purposely standing in the way of nearly 1,000 jobs for Philadelphians at a time of high unemployment , " Nutter said . "  They are blocking Philadelphians from taking care of their families . " "  Misconduct is not about free speech , " the mayor said , "  and the behavior we 're now seeing is running squarely into the needs of our city government that also represents the 99 % . As mayor of the city of Philadelphia , I represent the 99 % also . " Meanwhile , in Salt Lake City , police said on Twitter 19 people were arrested Saturday night as authorities moved in to clear an Occupy Salt Lake encampment at a downtown park . Police had ordered protesters to leave the park after a man was found dead late Thursday night . The cause of death was thought to be carbon monoxide poisoning and a drug overdose , CNN affiliate KSTU reported . "  We can no longer tolerate individuals camping on our streets , " Salt Lake City Police Chief Chris Burbank told reporters . However , "  only camping is over , " Salt Lake City Mayor Ralph Becker 's office said on Twitter -- protests can continue at the park . KSTU reported authorities said protesters would be allowed to have a 24-hour presence and one building , but the tents had to go . Since camping began at the park , Becker 's office said in the statement , "  local law enforcement has responded to a dramatically increased amount of criminal activity in the park , and has made over 90 arrests in the area since early October . " A melee involving 30 people on Wednesday night led to four arrests , Becker 's office said , and public safety "  has become increasingly questionable . Additionally , the amount of human and animal waste , as well as drug paraphernalia , is an escalating public concern . " As police moved in Saturday evening , according to video from the scene , protesters chanted , "  This is what a police state looks like . " "  Our rights to assembly , which are embodied in the First Amendment , are still being violated , " protester Jesse Fruhwirth told KSTU . "  Our forefathers are speaking to us , telling us that this is what assembly looks like . Not being able to camp here severely limits the ability of us to keep our coalition together . " "  Many thanks to all for a peaceful resolution , " Salt Lake City police tweeted late Saturday . In Oakland , California , police issued a third notice for demonstrators to vacate city parks on Saturday , police spokeswoman Officer Johnna Watson told CNN . The protesters had not complied with that order , Watson said . A second notice was issued Saturday morning after a fatal shooting near the camp , according to CNN affiliate KCBS . A man in his early 20s was shot Friday . Authorities said one of the suspects has been "  a frequent resident at the encampment over the past several days , " KCBS said . Also Saturday , 27 protesters were arrested in St. Louis after defying an existing park curfew , authorities said .	NEW : 2 Denver police injured , 2 activists arrested Sunday Portland riot police trying to clear street face off with Occupy protesters Sexual assault reported at Occupy Philly camp , mayor says Salt Lake City police clear camp , arrest 19 protesters
CNN  -- Forty years ago this week , Egyptian and Syrian troops attacked the state of Israel . To enhance the surprise of their attack , the invading armies struck on Yom Kippur , the holiest day of the Jewish calendar . Egypt enjoyed three days of tactical success , Syria less than that . The war ended with Israeli troops approaching Damascus and an entire Egyptian army surrounded . Despite Israel 's ultimate military success , the war was interpreted by many as something close to a defeat for the Jewish state . Israel 's two previous wars -- in 1956 against Egypt alone and in 1967 against an alliance of all its neighbors -- had terminated in lightning Israeli victories . The Yom Kippur War lasted 19 days , longer than 1956 and 1967 combined . Israel suffered more than 2,500 killed in action . Hundreds more Israelis were captured in the first days of fighting ; dozens of these captives were gruesomely tortured and killed . Israel 's enemies also seemed to have succeeded in upending the region 's balance of economic and political power . The Arab members of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries cut production and imposed an embargo on two Israeli allies : the United States and the Netherlands . A similar embargo had fizzled in 1967 . This time , however , the embargo coincided with a surge in global commodity and energy prices . The whole Western world plunged into severe recession in 1974-75 . Altogether , many analysts drew a grim conclusion from 1973 about the future of the Jewish state : Israeli military supremacy had come to an end . The world would have to adjust to the new power of Israel 's oil-rich enemies . How wrong they were . In 1973 , Israel 's enemies scored their first battlefield successes since the foundation of the Jewish state . They also scored their last battlefield successes . In 1982 , Israel and Syria battled once more , this time in the air over Lebanon . Syria lost 82 planes , a quarter of its air force ; Israel lost not a single one . In the decades since 1973 , Israel has suffered repeated terrorist atrocities . Iraq , Syria and now Iran have all sought to develop nuclear weapons . But none of Israel 's enemies would ever again dare wage a conventional military campaign against the country that had looked so weak on the morning of October 6 , 1973 . The war waged against Israel has come to look downright puny compared with the savage wars that have ripped apart the Middle East beyond Israel 's borders : the Lebanese civil war that erupted in 1975 , the Iran-Iraq War of the 1980s , the Algerian civil war of the 1990s , the Iraqi invasion of Kuwait in 1990 followed by the Gulf War of 1991 , the civil war after the U.S. invasion of Iraq , and now the civil war in Syria and the violence inside Egypt . Back in 1973 , Israel seemed -- if nothing else -- at least the center of the story in the Middle East . First the struggle between Israel and its neighbors , and later the struggle between Israel and the Palestinian population , were represented as the master key that would determine the future of the region -- and the price of oil for the world . That representation has proved signally false . A kind of peace has come to Israel 's borders . Egypt and Jordan have signed peace treaties with Israel , and Syria has given up the military struggle . Meanwhile , the Palestinian problem has settled into seething stalemate , with governments in Gaza and the West Bank more or less at war with each other and neither able to say "  yes " to anything Israel proposes . And yet ... none of this seems to make a difference to any of the larger problems of the region . The Palestinians could sign a treaty tomorrow , and Saudi Arabia and Iran would continue their proxy war inside Syria . Direct rail service could commence between Tel Aviv and Amman , and it would not change the fact that Egypt 's population is growing faster than its economy . As Israel has become stronger and richer since 1973 , it has also curiously become less important to its region . "  Peace in the Middle East " seems as remote as ever , not because of animosity between Israel and its neighbors but because of internal hatreds within those neighbors . In October 1973 , many wondered whether time was not running out for the little state with too little oil and too many enemies . On this 40th anniversary of the 1973 war , Israel is the only state in the region we can feel confident will still be there , under its present system of government , on the occasion of 50th . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	40 years ago , Egypt and Syria attacked Israel on Yom Kippur David Frum says the betting after the war was that Israel was endangered Yet the military and economic threats to Israel have n't materialized , he says Frum : Today 's conflicts are largely internal battles in Syria , Egypt , other nations
Farmington Hills , Michigan  CNN  -- Insane Clown Posse knows you hate them . They know you do n't get their makeup , that you 've never heard their songs on the radio , that their fans do n't look or act like anybody else 's . They 're OK with that . Actually , they kind of love it . "  We may never be understood till we 're dead and gone , " Joseph Bruce , known as Violent J , said last month , sitting among stacks of vinyl in the band 's warehouse outside Detroit . "  Once we 're gone , people will take a look at the whole picture and say , ` What the f *** was that ? ' " For now , though , they 're not OK with anybody taunting or discriminating against their fans , known as Juggalos . ICP founders Bruce and Joseph Utsler , or Shaggy 2 Dope , announced last weekend they plan to file a lawsuit against the FBI for labeling their fans a gang . They made the announcement during the Gathering of the Juggalos , an annual music festival that draws thousands of ICP fans to rural Cave-In-Rock , Illinois . Watch : Insane Clown Posse to sue FBI "  This is the government 's way of telling us what you can listen to , what you can wear , " Violent J told a crowd in a video posted online . "  They 're telling you that ` if you listen to this music and you support this music , you are going to be committing a crime in our eyes . ' " An Insane Clown Posse spokeswoman said the band 's lawyers are deciding how to proceed , but they are asking Juggalos to visit juggalosfightback.com to report "  any negative consequence with an employer or governmental representative , including law enforcement , border patrol , airline security , or other local , state or federal governmental agency or employee as a result of their status as a Juggalo . " The FBI called Juggalos a "  hybrid gang " in its 2011 National Gang Threat Assessment , a designation ICP 's members call "  insanely ridiculous . " The report mentions a January 2011 case in which a "  suspected Juggalo member " shot a couple in King County , Washington , and a January 2010 case in which two "  suspected Juggalo associates " beat and robbed an elderly man . "  Most crimes committed by Juggalos are sporadic , disorganized , individualistic , and often involve simple assault , personal drug use and possession , petty theft , and vandalism , " the FBI report said . "  However , open source reporting suggests that a small number of Juggalos are forming more organized subsets and engaging in more gang-like criminal activity , such as felony assaults , thefts , robberies , and drug sales . " That 's not how Violent Jay and Shaggy 2 Dope see it : "  At any of our shows , it 's all love , total strangers high-fiving , " Violent J said . "  It 's the camaraderie that ca n't be defined or explained . " The ICP founders have seen their fans act out . At the 2010 Gathering , Juggalos lobbed rocks and bottles at singer and former Playboy model Tila Tequila , leaving her bloodied and bruised . Shaggy and Violent J take some of the blame ; they say they should n't have invited her to the Gathering , and when they realized how negative the reaction would be , they asked her not to take the stage . Tequila was injured , they said , because she insulted the Juggalos , then would n't leave the stage . Even after the onslaught of press coverage that followed , they do not blame their fans . From the archives : Tila Tequila wants to end juggalos gathering "  Juggalos come from all walks of life , man , " Violent J said . "  This is an acquired taste , what we do . We 're not on the radio . It 's not something where you 're going to pull up at a red light and the dude next to you is going to be bumping our s *** , too ... Our fans like a little background , a little story . They do n't want to see us wearing what they 're wearing . They want to see us jump out with fire and f ****** strobe lights and confetti . "  They bought a ticket , they want to see the circus . " Starting in the 1990s , the self-dubbed "  scrubs " quietly amassed a devoted following of fans that spans ages and backgrounds . If there 's a common theme among them , it 's this : The fans were outsiders who finally found a community in the hip-hop , wrestling , Faygo pop-loving pack of ` los and ` lettes . They rely on their label , Psychopathic Records , and the devotion of their fans , to advertise and distribute their music . News of the possible lawsuit came days before the release of the band 's new album , "  The Mighty Death Pop , " a multiyear effort with editions that include cover tunes that originated with Michael Jackson , Christina Aguilera and "  Yo Gabba Gabba ! " "  We 're really high on things right now , not substance-ly high . We 're high on ourselves right now , " Violent J said . "  I know we 're a joke to the mainstream world , but the love we get from our fans is solid and real . " They say the new album is their best work , an album of songs that took years to write and record . With so many fans , it 's not the same as it was in the early years when they boasted and lied about who they were and what they were about . They ca n't even remember why , only that they saw themselves more as actors than artists . They still love wrestling and rap , but they started getting real about a message after Violent J 's 2003 autobiography , "  Behind the Paint , " a book he said exposed the dark truths about divorce , abuse , poverty and drugs in his life . "  We came from broken homes , but it almost feels stupid to sit here and talk about that because we had a great childhood , " Violent J said . "  My childhood was incredibly awesome , filled with imagination , fun , adventure ... " "  Backyard wrestling , " Shaggy added . From the archives : Charlie Sheen heckled by Juggalos "  The poorer I was , " Violent J continued , "  that made me who I am today . Nowadays , it does n't take a lot to impress me because I never had s *** , you know what I mean ? " "  We got to be broke as you can possibly be together , and we got to appreciate everything that happened since then together ... Not a day goes by we do n't sit there and analyze this , and say , ` Man , you know , we 're living our dream . ' "  We still get to hang out with the same people we hung out with when we were 15 and 16 . They work in this building . We get to travel the world with them . And most people you know , they have their high school years , their college people , and after that , they become family people . That 's all gravy , but they ca n't say they do n't dream about what it was like when they were running around with all their friends . " After 20 years , they said they 're just hitting their stride . They 're sober , and never got into hard drugs , they said , but both talked about medication to stabilize their moods , to keep the pressure from overwhelming them , to keep them away from bad habits from the past . "  I love coming up here and doing what we do , then I love going home , " Shaggy said , holding an electronic cigarette . "  It 's such a blessed life . " They say they 'll keep going "  till the wheels fall off . " "  Some people listening actually give a f *** about what we have to say and that feels good . I ca n't front about that . It feels good to have people care what 's on your mind , " Violent J said . "  We get to rock stages . I 've f ***** some beautiful women in my life . Straight up , two or three chicks at once . Who gets to do that s *** , man ? Especially scrubs ? " Want to see the real ICP ? You must watch the video	Insane Clown Posse 's new album , "  Mighty Death Pop " was released August 14 Juggalos attended The Gathering , a music festival in rural Illinois last weekend ICP 's founders said it plans to sue FBI for labeling its fans a gang ' "  This is the government 's way of telling us what you can listen to , " Violent J said
Rabat , Morocco  CNN  -- Five charred bodies were found Monday in a Moroccan bank that burned down during protests the day before , Morocco 's state-run news agency reported , citing the country 's interior minister . The bodies were found in a bank in the town of Al Hoceima in northern Morocco , Interior Minister Taib Cherkaoui told reporters on Monday . He said the acts of vandalism followed the peaceful protests in at least six cities Sunday , according to Agence Maghreb Arabe Presse . He estimated that about 37,000 people participated in the protests nationwide . The demonstrators were calling for political reform , according to Human Rights Watch . Cherkaoui said Monday they included labor unions , youth organizations and human rights groups . Police stayed away from the marches and demonstrations , most of which were peaceful , Human Rights Watch reported . The vandalism broke out in a handful of cities afterward , Cherkaoui said , describing it as acts of sabotage committed by troublemakers including ex-convicts . Twenty-four banks were burned , he said , along with 50 shops and private buildings and 66 vehicles . Authorities dispersed the vandals and made arrests , Cherkaoui said , according to Agence Maghreb Arabe Presse . About 120 people are awaiting trial , he said , and detained minors were returned to their parents . Some 128 people were injured , he said , including 115 security forces members . Cherkaoui said authorities are investigating the five deaths in the bank , according to the news agency . The victims are thought to be computer technicians . Banks in Morocco are not open on Sunday . The interior minister said the protests included sit-ins , rallies and demonstrations , Agence Maghreb Arabe Presse reported . "  Thanks to the expanding liberties , the practice of a healthy and authentic democracy and the right to the freedom of expression enjoyed in our country , these protests took place in a peaceful environment marked by serenity and discipline , " he said , according to the report . A government spokesman told a Russian television station on Sunday that protests in Morocco are not unusual , according to the Moroccan state news agency . "  Unlike most Arab countries , rallies and protests are common in Morocco , " said Khalid Naciri , communication minister and government spokesman . Naciri said the protesters ' demands are "  ordinary " and that the rallies take place lawfully and preserved public order in an environment of "  stability . " He also said the protests are part of the practice of democracy , Agence Maghreb Arabe Presse said . Demonstrators ' demands are on the agenda of most political parties , he said . Morocco 's laws on demonstrations are liberal . Cherkaoui emphasized Monday that people are free to demonstrate in the country . But , he said , while authorities support freedom of expression , they will intervene to stop those who are disrupting public order or damaging property , the news agency said . In Rabat , Morocco 's capital , an estimated 2,000 demonstrators gathered at Bab al-Had Square and marched to parliament , where they chanted slogans calling for change , including "  Down with tyranny " and "  The people demand change , " according to Human Rights Watch . Hundreds also demonstrated in Casablanca , Marrakesh and Agadir , Human Rights Watch said , as well as in the Rif , the mountainous area in northern Morocco . There were reports that protesters set fire to a police station in Marrakesh , the organization reported , citing a witness . A few unarmed , uniformed police officers monitored the Rabat protests , the group said . There were no reports of arrests in the capital , according to Human Rights Watch . In Larache in northwest Morocco , a representative of the Moroccan Association for Human Rights reported that protesters set fire to a police station , robbed stores and attempted to break into banks , Human Rights Watch said . Cherkaoui told reporters they also stormed a customs administration building and looted drugs and alcohol that had been seized , Agence Maghreb Arabe Presse said . And in Al Hoceima , where the bodies were found , demonstrators vandalized a stadium , two political party offices and a pair of hotels , the organization said , citing activists in the city . Security forces responded with tear gas and rubber bullets , and there were reports of injuries , the group said . A small police building was also burned there , Cherkaoui said . Meanwhile , youth groups who demonstrated over the weekend are calling for their own political party . Morocco is much more advanced in many areas compared to Egypt and Tunisia and aligns itself more with Europe than other Arab countries in the region . The king , who is widely revered , is pushing through reforms in the country , but the government is not so well respected by many people here , particularly the youth . "  What happened over the weekend is that people sent a message to the king . We want reform in justice and free access to hospitals , " said Fatiha Layadi , an opposition member of parliament . "  The problem is that these groups do n't feel there is a platform for their views . There 's no debate , so if we are to have more of these demonstrations , firstly the government needs to better organize itself , but secondly it would be better if these  youths  could have a voice of their own through the media . " There are no political debate shows , Layadi said , but youths on Facebook are asking for help in forming a political party . Journalist Martin Jay contributed to this report for CNN .	NEW : Interior minister says vandalism broke out after the demonstrations The bodies were found in a bank in Al Hoceima , an official says The demonstrations were mostly peaceful Activists say police responded with tear gas and rubber bullets in one city
CNN  -- Martin Kaymer increased his lead in the Race to Dubai with a superlative final round of 66 at St.Andrews to claim a three-shot victory in the Alfred Dunhill Links Championship on Sunday . The German birdied the final two holes at the home of golf to hold off a determined challenge by England 's Danny Willett as he finished on 17-under 271 . But there was disappointment for Lee Westwood who needed a top two finish to immediately dislodge Tiger Woods as world number one , but struggled to a one-over 73 for a tie for 11th . Westwood , who has been struggling with a recurrence of a calf injury , then confirmed he will not play again until the end of the month at the latest . But due to a quirk of the rankings , it could mean the Englishman will take over at the top in three weeks ' time unless Woods changes his plans and enters a tournament before next month 's HSBC Champions in China . "  It 's just got more aggravated and achy as the week has gone on , " Westwood told Sky Sports after his round . Kaymer , who claimed his first major title with victory at the PGA Championship , was winning his third straight tournament and again showed his cool under pressure . With Willett challenging , Kaymer needed to get down in two from just off the green at the famous 17th Road Hole to stay at 15 under . But he proceeded to hole his putt to suddenly open up a two-shot lead and despite finding a tricky lie on the road at the 18th hit his approach to within 10 feet . Kaymer duly holed the putt to complete one of his ambitions of winning at St.Andrews and claim his fourth title of a superb season which has seen him move nearly $ 1.5 million clear of Ryder Cup teammate Graeme McDowell at the top of the European Tour money list . He had his own views on the ongoing battle to top the rankings . "  To be honest I think at the moment Lee Westwood is number one in the world , " Kaymer said . "  He plays unbelievable golf . " Overnight leader John Parry of England recovered from a mid-round crisis to finish with a level-par 72 for 13-under and sole third . Another Englishman , Gary Boyd , finished a further shot back for fourth after a fine 68 .	Martin Kaymer of Germany wins the Alfred Dunhill Links Championship The victory increases his lead over second-placed Graeme McDowell in the Race to Dubai Lee Westwood fails in his bid to take over as world number one from Tiger Woods Danny Willett of England finishes with a 67 to claim second place
CNN  -- An American student fatally stabbed in Egypt was so fascinated with the region , he read poems about it to his girlfriend , his mother said . Andrew Pochter of Chevy Chase , Maryland , was stabbed Friday in the port city of Alexandria . He was in the country teaching English to elementary school children . "  As we understand it , he was witnessing the protest as a bystander and was stabbed by a protester , " his family said in a statement . "  He went to Egypt because he cared profoundly about the Middle East , and he planned to live and work there in the pursuit of peace and understanding . " Egyptian state media reported that he was stabbed in the chest while filming the protests . Protests have raged for days between supporters and foes of Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy , prompting the United States to recently warn its citizens against travel to the nation . Poetry about the region The 21-year-old went to Egypt this year after spending time in Morocco and falling in love with the region . Before the trip , he interned for AMIDEAST , an American nonprofit that focuses on the Middle East and North Africa . He also took a class in regional politics . While enrolled in the class , he read poems about the Israeli-Palestinian conflict to his girlfriend , said his mother , Elizabeth Pochter . "  The class was n't just about some detached war to him , but a struggle that he passionately wanted to resolve , " she said , according to a statement by Kenyon College , where he had just completed his sophomore year . "  Andrew was a person who did n't see the world as separate nations , but a collection of vibrant cultures . " Governments issue warnings against travel to Egypt ` One of the rare kids ' His goal was to understand the political and religious dynamics in the region , sharpen his Arabic skills and learn the different dialects , according to his family . "  He was one of the rare kids who lived what he believed , " said Marc Bragin , a chaplain at Kenyon . "  His belief was that everyone should be included , everyone had a voice , and no one should be left out because what they think is different than what others think . " Rugby player , radio station host A religious studies major , Pochter was raised in a Christian and Jewish household , and was a member of the Middle Eastern Students Association . He was headed into his junior year in college . After Egypt and Morocco , he planned to venture farther into the region , including a planned trip to Amman , Jordan . "  In an essay as part of his application for the study-abroad program in Jordan , Andrew ... reflected on his hopes to develop ` life-long ties ... with Arab-speaking friends , ' " the college said in a statement . Pochter , a college radio station host , had varied interests , including rugby and cooking , his mother said . Kenyon College said it was planning a memorial service in the fall . In addition to his mother , Pochter is survived by his father , Theodore Pochter , and sister , Emily Pochter Opinion : Get ready for Egypt 's ` second revolution ' CNN 's Yousuf Basil and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	NEW : Egypt state media say he was filming the protests Relatives : Andrew Pochter was watching protests in Alexandria when he was stabbed The 21-year-old went to Egypt this year after spending time in Morocco Family : He planned to live in the Middle East "  in the pursuit of peace and understanding "
CNN  -- Women were dismissed from the military for being gay at a greater rate than men last year , according to new statistics obtained by a California research group . Women were dismissed from the military for being gay at a greater rate than men last year . All the services kicked out a disproportionate number of women under the "  Do n't Ask , Do n't Tell " policy , according to Department of Defense data obtained by the Palm Center at the University of California , Santa Barbara . The center studies gender and sexuality in the military . The "  Do n't Ask , Do n't Tell " policy , implemented in 1994 , bans troops who are openly gay from serving in the military . In the Air Force , a majority of those removed were women , the first time a service has had such a record since the implementation of the controversial law in 1994 , according to Palm Center senior research fellow Nathaniel Frank . Watch CNN 's Randi Kaye report on Obama 's promises " In fiscal year 2008 , the Air Force dismissed 56 women and 34 men . In addition , the Army removed more women under the "  Do n't Ask , Do n't Tell " policy at a greater rate than men when compared with the ratio of women to men in each service . Of those discharged under the policy , 36 percent were women , although women make up only 14 percent of troops in the Army , the data showed .	New statistics obtained by a California research group , the Palm Center Services kicked out disproportionate number of women under "  Do n't Ask , Do n't Tell " In the Air Force , a majority of those removed for being gay were women
CNN  -- Robert J. Wussler , a pioneering television news executive at CBS before he joined Ted Turner to help build Turner Broadcasting System and CNN into cable industry giants , died on June 5 at his Connecticut home after a long illness , according to a family spokesman . He was 73 . Wussler 's career spanned five decades in which he became the youngest head of a major U.S. television network at 39 and later was instrumental in development of the cable television industry . After starting as a mail-room clerk at CBS in 1957 , he eventually became president of CBS Television News and CBS Sports and produced coverage of major stories of his era , including the assassinations and funerals of President John F. Kennedy , Robert F. Kennedy and civil rights leader Martin Luther King Jr. ; President Richard Nixon 's trip to China ; and the Apollo 11 lunar landing that put man on the moon for the first time . He won seven Emmy awards and created "  The NFL Today , " the pre-game show that became a standard for major sports broadcasts , said Arthur Sando of Sando Communications , who provided biographical information on Wussler . In 1980 , Wussler joined cable pioneer Ted Turner at Turner Broadcasting System and took part in developing and managing CNN , Headline News , TBS Sports and TNT . He also was involved with Turner in the Atlanta Braves baseball team and Atlanta Hawks basketball team . "  Bob Wussler was instrumental in helping Ted Turner build Turner Broadcasting and CNN , " said Tom Johnson , a former CNN president . "  Bob brought his prior network experience to the creation of TBS and served as a key adviser on many of Ted 's major decisions during that pioneering era of the company . " Terry McGuirk , a former TBS chief executive officer who now holds that post for the Atlanta Braves , said Wussler "  brought a new level of professionalism to Turner Broadcasting . " "  His arrival at TBS validated the maturity of programming in the cable industry and the businesses that Turner Broadcasting was building in that programming arena , " McGuirk said . When Turner wanted to hold an international sporting event to help bridge political divisions , it was Wussler who helped him create the Goodwill Games , McGuirk said . "  He actually was Ted 's go-between with the Russians , " according to McGuirk . "  So much of it was about television production and building it from scratch . He and Ted personally went to Moscow in 1986 and made that happen . " The Goodwill Games were staged six times from 1986 to 2001 , at locales in the former Soviet Union , the United States , Russia and Australia . Born on September 8 , 1936 , in Newark , New Jersey , Wussler was a graduate of Seton Hall University . Wussler was regarded as an innovator , playing a role in expanding satellite usage in news coverage and the advancement of small cameras and recording devices in both the studio and in the field . In 1978 , Wussler formed his own production company , Pyramid Enterprises , which created unique , syndicated programming for the international marketplace , specializing in Japan , France and the former Soviet Union . He later served as president and CEO of Comsat Video Enterprises , the largest provider of satellite-delivered entertainment to the U.S. lodging industry ; and managed the acquisition of the Denver Nuggets basketball team . Other awards received by Wussler included the National Academy of Television Arts and Sciences Trustees  NATAS  Award , four Awards for Cable Excellence  ACE  and the National Cable Television Association  NCTA  President 's Award . CNN 's Tom Cohen contributed to this report	Robert Wussler , a pioneering television news executive who helped build TBS and CNN , dies at 73 Wussler won seven Emmy awards covering major stories of his era with CBS Wussler was instrumental in helping Ted Turner create the Goodwill Games At CBS Sports , Wussler created "  The NFL Today " pre-game show
CNN  -- Is it really possible that our century long love affair with the automobile is coming to an end ? Are we really falling out of love with our cars ? At the FutureCast debate last month the most surprising discussion of the evening focused on the crisis of our car culture . Speaker after speaker noted the younger generation 's lack of passion about cars . Some even said that young people no longer have any interest in driving . "  I think the biggest disruption we are going to see is the drop in driver 's licensing among young people , said Doug Newcomb , former editor of Road and Track Road Gear . "  I think we are really seeing a big shift in America 's love affair with the car . I talk to most young people ... they are not interested in driving . " Part of the explanation may lie in the latest driving technology . According to Paul Nunes , Director of Research at the Accenture Institute for High Performance , automatic transmission has killed the car . Read more : From flying cars to shared vehicles "  A lot of young people do n't have an interest in driving because they have no idea what it means to drive , " Nunes said . The end of our love affair with cars seems to be an international phenomenon . "  In France , 30 % of Generation Y-ers do n't have a driving license , " confirmed the Paris-based Frost & Sullivan director Jan Christensen . "  I do n't even have a driver 's license , " confessed Jahan Khanna , the 25 year-old co-founder and CTO of the car-sharing network Sidecar . "  The interesting thing is that cars are expensive and you rarely , rarely use them , and when you do use them , you use them inefficiently and most of the time you are driving them , you are looking for a place to park , " Khanna explained . "  So there 's no cogent reason to own a car in the way we do , " he concluded . "  We really should re-examine what it means to own a personal vehicle . " Read more : Would you trust a self-driving car ? Even Greg Ross , Global Director of Infotainment Strategy and Alliances at General Motors , acknowledged the problem . "  We see the trends too , " he admitted . But what can the car industry do about it ? How can it make automobiles as seductive to young people as iPhones ? "  The iPhone is more than a phone , " Ross explained . "  No two iPhones are very alike . They are always designed to be the way you want it to be with the things you like it to be . " So is this how the car industry can get us to fall back in love with our cars ? To design them like iPhones , as platforms , which we can personalize according to our own taste and interests ? Read more : Transportation confronts its "  Kodak moment "	Guests at FutureCast debated the demise of the car as private vehicle Some pointed to decline in driving licenses held by young American More ideas from digital tech should be incorporated into car design , said some
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  -- Egypt 's administrative court suspended the country 's 100-member constitutional assembly on Tuesday delaying the drafting of the new constitution . The move stalls Egypt 's attempt to rebuild after the revolt that toppled longtime strongman Hosni Mubarak last year . The court order stated that parliament must elect 100 "  qualified " people from outside the parliament to write the constitution . A newly created assembly must include members representative of Egypt 's "  political and social map " according to the court order . Lawsuits were brought against the former panel stating that it did not reflect the diversity of the Egyptian society and was highly dominated by Islamists who have won the majority of the parliament seats . Egyptians took to the streets for weeks protesting last month 's choice of the former panel fearing that Islamists would draft a constitution that follows strict Islamic rules . Al-Azhar Institution , one of the most influential Islamic entities and the Egyptian Coptic Orthodox Church had also objected to the assembly . Several liberal and secular members of the former constitution assembly had earlier withdrawn because of the criticism . Sameh Ashour , the head of the lawyer 's syndicate , was one that withdrew days before the court order . "  The assembly was unrepresentative of Egyptians . Members of parliament will now decide on the criteria and conditions of the new members that they will elect accordingly , " said Ashour . The disbanded group did not include a significant amount of women or young professionals . The new constitution was scheduled for completion before the presidential elections on May 23 . Leading members of the Freedom and Justice Party released statements confirming their acceptance of the court order . "  Parliament will discuss tomorrow the new process of choosing the 100-Egyptians who will write the country 's most important guide to governance so they must be careful in their choices and it must include constitutional lawyers and experts this time around , " Ashour told CNN .	The new constitution was to be completed before the presidential elections on May 23 Critics said the constitutional assembly was not diverse The move stalls Egypt 's attempt to rebuild after the overthrow of Hosni Mubarak
CNN  -- Percy von Lipinski figures he flies about 100,000 miles a year . He knows he 's going to see a healthy share of flight delays regardless of where he goes . A new study says delays will continue to frustrate fliers like this man at Washington 's Dulles International Airport . But he especially anticipates them at the larger airports , such as Chicago 's O'Hare International -- "  You ca n't possibly put that many planes there and not have a delay , " he said -- and New York 's John F. Kennedy International . So when he has a choice between two connecting cities , he said he 'll generally choose the smaller one . Delays at the larger airports , he said , are compounded by other hassles such as longer distances between terminals . "  There 's wear and tear on your travel psyche -- which bus you need , which terminal you should be at , " said von Lipinski , a 54-year-old Vancouver , British Columbia , resident who owns businesses around the globe . "  By the time you get to your destination , you 're bound to come up frazzled . " Delays contribute to that frustration , and there may be more of it to go around these days . Though the percentage of delayed U.S. flights has dipped recently because fewer planes are flying during the recession , there 's been a 20-year trend of increasing delays , and the increases should continue once economic growth returns , a study released Thursday by the Brookings Institution said . The average length of U.S. flight delays rose from 40.9 minutes in 1990 to 56.5 minutes in June 2009 , according to the study , "  Expect Delays : An Analysis of Air Travel Trends in the United States . " It also found that among delayed flights , the share of those that landed at least two hours late more than doubled from 4.3 percent in 1990 to 10.1 percent in May 2009 . And in a 12-month period ending in June 2009 , the majority of delays was concentrated in 26 metropolitan areas , or hub cities , the study said . Of these 26 hub cities , six had worse-than-average , on-time percentages for both arrivals and departures : New York ; Chicago , Illinois ; Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ; Miami , Florida ; Atlanta , Georgia ; and San Francisco , California . The nationwide on-time arrival rate was 78.9 percent , and the departure rate was similar , study co-author Robert Puentes said . New York 's on-time arrival rate , 66.3 percent , was worst in the nation , said the study , which analyzed air travel between metro areas rather than airports . Delays are going to get worse , study co-author Adie Tomer said . "  On-time performance has improved recently because the number of people flying is at its lowest point since 9/11 , but as the economy bounces back , air passenger levels will grow , and on-time performance will likely resume its decline . " The hub cities that did better than the national average for both arrivals and departures were Salt Lake City , Utah ; Phoenix , Arizona ; Detroit , Michigan ; and Washington . The study said on-time performance generally decreases as air travel increases . In 1990 , with more than 400,000 domestic passengers nationwide , the country 's on-time flight percentage was just under 80 percent . In 2007 , with nearly 700,000 domestic passengers , the on-time rate was around 74 percent . The authors recommend Congress and other authorities use the findings to help decide where to invest in high-speed rail projects and other measures to ease airport congestion . Michael Boyd , president of Colorado aviation consulting firm Boyd International Group , is critical of the recommendation , saying the country could handle the current flight demand -- and cut delays -- by improving its air traffic control system . The old system , he said , is outdated , does n't use all of the sky and directs planes to fly farther and longer than they need to . "  Instead of saying , ` Let 's get a system that can handle the traffic , ' Brookings wants to lessen the demand . That 's a caveman mentality , " Boyd said . Deron Lovaas , transportation policy director for the Natural Resources Defense Council , said the study "  hit the nail on the head in terms of the opportunity " to promote alternative modes of transportation . "  The planes waste a lot of fuel idling on the tarmac and during takeoff and landing cycles of flight . So the lowest-hanging fruit available for reducing emissions -- beyond changing plane designs and changing the fuel mix in planes -- is to reduce congestion at airports and to go after short haul flights , where a greater percentage of the flight is made up of takeoff and landing cycles , where most of the emissions are , " Lovaas said . Airplane passengers can take steps to cushion the impact of a delay or lower the chance of getting on a delayed flight , Boyd said . Passengers should only choose connection flights that depart at least an hour after their first plane 's scheduled landing , he said . Also , he said , people who book a flight just a day or two in advance should look at weather forecasts . "  If there 's bad weather in Chicago , do n't go through Chicago " if you do n't have to , Boyd said . Von Lipinski 's recommendation , besides trying to avoid busier airports , is to treat airline workers with respect . "  The agents have a lot of discretion , and they 're human beings . If you treat them like dirt and are screaming -LSB- because of a delay -RSB- , you know what the result is going to be , " he said . "  If you -LSB- treat them well -RSB- , you 'll probably find they 'll be willing to help you . " CNN 's Jim Kavanagh contributed to this report .	Major hub cities are bottleneck for air traffic , Brookings Institution study says Frequent flier advises connecting through smaller cities when possible Aviation expert says there 's plenty of room for streamlining existing system Study 's authors advocate using high-speed rail to alleviate runway congestion
DNA tests have confirmed that human remains found buried beneath an English car park are those of the country 's King Richard III . British scientists announced Monday they are convinced "  beyond reasonable doubt " that a skeleton found during an archaeological dig in Leicester , central England , last August is that of the former king , who was killed at the Battle of Bosworth Field in 1485 . Mitochondrial DNA extracted from the bones was matched to Michael Ibsen , a Canadian cabinetmaker and direct descendant of Richard III 's sister , Anne of York , and a second distant relative , who wishes to remain anonymous . Experts say other evidence -- including battle wounds and signs of scoliosis , or curvature of the spine -- found during the search and the more than four months of tests since strongly support the DNA findings -- and suggest that history 's view of the king as a hunchbacked villain may have to be rewritten . Ibsen said he reacted with "  stunned silence " when told the closely-guarded results . "  I never thought I 'd be a match , and certainly not that it would be so close , but the results look like a carbon copy , " he told reporters . The skeleton was discovered buried among the remains of what was once the city 's Greyfriars friary . After centuries of demolition and rebuilding work , the grave 's exact location had been lost to history , and there were even reports that the defeated monarch 's body had been dug up and thrown into a nearby river . Read more : Richard III : The king and the car park ? The remains will be reburied in Leicester Cathedral , close to the site of his original grave , once the full analysis of the bones is completed . Richard III 's body was found in a roughly-hewn grave , which experts say was too small for the body , forcing it to be squeezed in to an unusual position . Its feet had been lost at some point in the intervening five centuries , but the rest of the bones were in good condition , which archaeologists and historians say was incredibly lucky , given how close later building work came to them -- brick foundations ran alongside part of the trench , within inches of the body . What was initially thought to be a barbed arrowhead found among the dead king 's vertebrae turned out instead to be a Roman nail , disturbed from an earlier level of excavation . Archaeologists say their examination of the skeleton shows Richard met a violent death : They found evidence of 10 wounds -- eight to the head and two to the body -- which they believe were inflicted at or around the time of death . Read more : Back from the grave , King Richard III gets rehab "  The skull was in good condition , although fragile , and was able to give us detailed information , " said bioarchaeologist Jo Appleby , who led the exhumation of the remains last year . The king had suffered two severe blows to the head , either of which would have been fatal , according to Appleby . The injuries suggest that he had lost his helmet in the course of his last bloody battle . Appleby said there were also signs that Richard 's corpse was mistreated after his death , with evidence of several "  humiliation injuries , " which fitted in with historical records of the body being displayed , naked , in Leicester before being laid to rest . Richard Buckley , the lead archaeologist on the project said the unusual position of the skeleton 's arms and hands suggested he may have been buried with his hands tied . Investigators from the University of Leicester had been examining the remains for months . Others got their first glimpse of the battle-scarred skull that may have once worn the English crown early Monday when the university released a photograph ahead of its announcement . Read more : Will Richard III discovery rewrite history ? Turi King , who carried out the DNA analysis , said it was a "  real relief " when the results came through . "  I went really quiet . I was seeing all these matches coming back , thinking , ` That 's a match , and that 's a match , and that 's a match . ' At that point I did a little dance around the lab . " King pointed out that "  in a generation 's time , the DNA match would not have been possible , since both individuals used in the tests are the last of their line , " a fact echoed by Ibsen , who told CNN before the results came through that "  they caught us just in time . " The initial discovery of the remains provoked much debate in Britain as to what would happen with the body , if it were proven to be that of Richard III , with many calling for a state funeral at Westminster Abbey , and others backing a burial in York Minster , in keeping with the king 's heritage as a member of the House of York . Opinion : Richard still the criminal king But on Monday those involved in the search said he would be reinterred in Leicester Cathedral , the closest church to the original grave site in a memorial service expected to be held early next year . Canon Chancellor David Monteith said it was important to remember that as well as being the subject of important historical and scientific research , the skeleton also represented "  the mortal remains of a person , an annointed Christian king , " and as such should be treated with dignity . Supporters of the infamous king , including members of the Richard III Society , hope the discovery will now force academics to re-examine history , which they say has been tainted by exaggerations and false claims about Richard III since the Tudor era . Screenwriter Philippa Langley , who championed the search for several years , told CNN she wanted "  the establishment to look again at his story , " saying she wanted to uncover the truth about "  the real Richard , before the Tudor writers got to him . " "  This has been an extraordinary journey of discovery , " Langley said . "  We came with a dream and today that dream has been realized . This is an historic moment that will rewrite the history books . "	DNA evidence says remains found under parking lot are those of Richard III Archaeologists found the body of a man buried beneath a car park in Leicester last year DNA tests confirm "  beyond reasonable doubt " the identity of the bones Supporters of Richard III hope the discovery will mean history has to be rewritten
CNN  -- Gay slurs hurled by three figures in professional sports in the last month are more than just testosterone-fueled temper tantrums , some say . The behavior , they say , is symptomatic of a deeper problem and should be used as an opportunity to tackle homophobia in professional sports . "  Kobe Bryant , Joakim Noah and Roger McDowell are not any different from many people in our society who use offensive language like that on a daily basis , " said Jarrod Chin of the Society for the Study of Sport in Society at Boston 's Northeastern University . "  These incidents provide a real opportunity for the NBA and MLB to take a strong stance against homophobia . " In April , a frustrated Los Angeles Lakers star Kobe Bryant laced a referee with an epithet that gays find offensive . Bryant quickly apologized and was fined $ 100,000 . Bryant was apparently angry that the referee penalized him for a technical foul . In early May , Atlanta Braves pitching coach Roger McDowell made national headlines for tossing anti-gay slurs at a group of fans in San Francisco . He also made crude gestures at the fans , in full view of children who were in the crowd . After a short suspension , an emotional McDowell apologized at a news conference . And last week , bombastic Chicago Bulls center Joakim Noah was captured by television cameras lobbing a similar slur at a fan after his second foul in the game . Noah apologized right after the game and was slapped with a $ 50,000 fine . "  When sports stars use slurs , it is especially damaging because their increased public profile means many more people are exposed . These people seem to have lost sight of the fact that in their prime , in pivotal moments in games , they are one of the most influential people in the world , " said former NBA player John Amaechi . Amaechi knows all too well about homophobia in sports . He is credited as being one of the few professional stars to admit he is gay . But Amaechi came out of the closet after he retired . He said he did not feel comfortable disclosing his orientation during his 5-year NBA stint . Amaechi says he still remembers the pointed response from NBA star Tim Hardaway that followed his disclosure . "  First of all , I would n't want him on my team , " Hardaway told a radio host in 2007 . "  You know , I hate gay people , so I let it be known . I do n't like gay people and I do n't like to be around gay people . I am homophobic . I do n't like it . It should n't be in the world or in the United States . " Hardaway later apologized for his statement -- but the sentiment persists among many athletes , Amaechi says . "  Sports stars need to remember that being a positive role model is as much a part of their job as making lay-ups , hitting home runs or scoring touchdowns , " he said . Rick Welts , president and CEO of the Phoenix Suns , says he had kept his sexual orientation secret throughout his long career . Welts came out when the Kobe Bryant epithet caused a stir . He said Bryant 's slur solidified in his mind that he needed to go public . "  Well , the irony of the timing is it was the day before that I had been sitting in David Stern , the  NBA  commissioner 's office , to kind of discuss this with him . And then the next night , Kobe went off , " Welts told CNN 's Eliot Spitzer . "  You know , I think it reinforced that probably it was time , because I think that will probably be remembered as a teaching moment . " While his disclosure has been received positively for the most part , Welts says is apprehensive about his future and feels that he is in uncharted territory . "  I do n't know what my future is . I do n't know where my career is going to go , " he said . "  I think that 's part of the big problem with players . There 's no example out there . No one has ever done it . No one really knows what 's going to happen . " The NBA recently released a pubic service announcement featuring players Grant Hill and Jared Dudley about anti-gay language . "  Using gay to mean dumb or stupid ... Not cool , " Hill says in the commercial that is running during the playoff games . "  It is offensive to gay people , " Dudley adds . But some say more needs to be done . "  Male professional sports do have an issue with homophobia , but so does society in general , " Chin , of Northeastern University , said . "  The NBA and MLB are great vehicles for educating folks about this issue and could really turn these negative events into a positive teachable moment . "	"  It is especially damaging because of their increased public profile , " says John Amaechi Sports leaders can "  turn these negative events into a positive teachable moment , " expert says Kobe Bryant was fined $ 100,000 for his statement Chicago Bulls center Joakim Noah was fined $ 50,000 for his slur
CNN  -- What 's up with this weather ? The calendar says May 1 , but it might as well be winter across the front range of the Rockies where 5 inches or more of snow will be the norm from Cheyenne south to Denver . Much of the snow will quickly turn into a slushy mess . After all , temperatures were in the 70s on Monday . Shorts and T-shirts at the beginning of the week . Winter jackets Wednesday . "  Crazy temperature contrast , " said meteorologist Kathy Sabine at CNN affiliate KUSA . The temperature swings are a nightmare for the folks running nurseries , forcing them to cart plants into and out of greenhouses every few days . "  It 's incredibly frustrating , " Trela Phelps , manger of City Flora , told affiliate KDVR . "  We keep going back and forth all the time , and now Jack Frost is visiting us once again . " Late snow , no problem Even with the late snow , the Colorado Department of Transportation will be out in force , with some 60 to 80 plows clearing roadways . The average date for the last snow of the season in Denver is April 26 , but the record for the latest snowfall ever was set June 12 , 1947 , according to the National Weather Service . Still residents are taking it in stride . "  You know , that 's Colorado for you , " a young man munching on his French fries told KDVR . "  Not much you can do about it , you just got to sit back and just kind of take it as it comes . " Too hot in the Southwest While their neighbors to the northeast are braving the winter-like weather , residents of Phoenix are running their air conditioners full blast . Triple-digit temperatures the last few days cool to the mid-90s on Wednesday . The 90-degree temperatures will last another day across New Mexico and western Texas , with daytime highs plummeting to the 50s on Thursday . Too hot . Too cold . This wacky weather 's enough to rattle Goldilocks .	The record for the latest snow ever to hit Denver was June 12 , 1947 Temperatures were in the 70s on Monday The desert Southwest has had triple-digit temperatures already
Israeli fighter jets struck a Syrian convoy suspected of moving weapons to Hezbollah in Lebanon , a senior U.S. official said Wednesday . Fighter jets struck the vehicles because they were carrying SA-17 missile parts , a Russian-made , medium-range delivery system , and other equipment that could have been used to attack Israel , another source told CNN . Lebanon 's state-run NNA news agency dismissed the report . "  The news circulated by media about an Israeli raid on the Lebanese-Syrian borders are sheer rumors , " it said . Syria , meanwhile , reported an Israeli strike targeting a research facility near the capital city of Damascus . State-run media said the attack killed two workers and injured five others . "  Israeli warplanes penetrated our airspace at dawn today and directly bombed one of the scientific research centers responsible for raising the level of resistance and self-defense in the area of Jimraya in the Damascus countryside , " the military said in a statement aired on state-run TV Wednesday . "  This comes after multiple failed attempts over months by terrorist groups to enter and seize the mentioned site . " It was not certain whether the U.S. and Syrian accounts of Israeli attack referred to the same or different incidents . Israeli military and government officials declined to comment . World leaders seek $ 1.5 billion in aid for Syrians A former high-ranking Israeli Intelligence official told CNN that Hezbollah likely wants to take hold of all the weapons it can in the event that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad is forced to flee . Should al-Assad ultimately decide to leave , he may choose to further arm Hezbollah ahead of time so that militants could better attack Israel , the official said . On Thursday , Hezbollah 's TV station aired a statement condemning Israel 's attack and calling it "  barbaric . " "  But , as usual , the international community has their tongue tied ... and will stay silenced without taking any further steps to condemn the attack or taking any serious position when Israel is the aggressor , " the statement said . In recent years , Syria transferred Scud missiles to Hezbollah that are capable of carrying chemical weapon warheads . But the senior U.S. official said American authorities do not believe the strike was linked to growing concerns about chemical weapons . "  We see no nexus , " the official said Wednesday . The strike is thought to have hit a "  target of opportunity , " he said . "  Whether it was an attack against a supply convoy or a terrorist leader , it 's not particularly surprising , " senior Brookings fellow Michael O'Hanlon said . "  At first glance , it likely wo n't be seen as a large escalation -- though there 's still a possibility for retaliation . " Envoy calls for Security Council to act The move came days after Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev said al-Assad 's hold on power was "  slipping away . " Russia , a power broker in the nearly 2-year-old conflict , has criticized Western powers , including the United States , that have recognized the opposition as Syria 's rightful leadership . There have been concerns about the security of Syria 's chemical weapons arsenal , as well as the security of its larger conventional weapons . Last month , NATO said Syria 's government was "  approaching collapse " and urged al-Assad to stop fighting and accommodate a political transfer of power . The United States has provided more than $ 200 million in humanitarian aid and other funding to the Syrian opposition . On Tuesday , President Barack Obama approved another $ 155 million in aid . The United States has pressed the Syrian opposition to establish a leadership structure amid a conflict that has claimed the lives of about 60,000 people , according to a United Nations estimate . But Washington has been circumspect about its involvement in Syria . "  We want to make sure that not only does it enhance U.S. security , but also that it is doing right by the people of Syria and neighbors like Israel that are going to be profoundly affected by it , " Obama told CBS News ' "  60 Minutes . " Escaping Syria in the middle of night	Syria says two workers were killed in an Israeli airstrike Hezbollah calls the strike "  barbaric , " but says the world wo n't denounce Israeli attacks Damascus says an Israeli airstrike targeted a research facility near the Syrian capital Source : Israelis attacked a convoy believed to be carrying SA-17 missile parts
CNN  -- FIFA says it wo n't be punishing the North Korean football federation over allegations that its players and coaches were publicly humiliated following their World Cup exit . In a statement on its official website , the world governing body , described the allegations as "  baseless " and said it had closed its investigation . Pressure grew on FIFA to act after widespread reports that harm had come to head coach Kim Jong Hun and his squad after they suffered three defeats at the finals in South Africa in June . FIFA president Sepp Blatter announced an inquiry on August 11 . FIFA sought assurances in a series of questions to the North Korean FA , centering on the reports and also allegations that the election of their president had been influenced by results at the finals . In a letter , the Korean federation claimed that Kim Jong Hun and his team are "  training as usual " and would be taking part in the 16th Asian Games . It also responded that the election of its president had been held in "  accordance with the statutes of the association " and came after a good performance against Brazil in their opening match in South Africa . FIFA said it had "  checked all of its sources , " before calling a halt to the investigation . North Korea 's first appearance at the World Cup finals since 1966 began with some promise after they went down to a narrow 2-1 defeat to the Brazilians , who scored a late winner . But they were subsequently thrashed 7-0 by Portugal in their second match and rounded off their campaign with a 3-1 defeat to the Ivory Coast in their final group match .	FIFA to take no action against North Korea over reports it coach and players were harmed FIFA sought assurances after North Korea crashed to three defeats in finals North Korea federation describes reports as "  baseless " and says team training as normal
CNN  -- The prosecutor in a rural California agricultural community says that police officers there preyed upon the poor , impounding their cars then selling the vehicles when the owners could n't afford the fees . Six officers , including the former police chief of King City and his acting replacement , were arrested Tuesday in the corruption scheme , as was the owner of a towing company . Monterey County District Attorney Dean D. Flippo said the alleged scheme worked liked this : Sgt. Bobby Carrillo would impound a vehicle -- at least 200 of them -- and , though he was supposed to equally use one of four towing companies , he would call Miller 's Towing 87 % of the time . Carrillo targeted poor Latinos who could n't pay the money required to retrieve their vehicles , prosecutors alleged . Brian Miller , the tow company owner , would provide the unclaimed vehicles to Carrillo , Flippo said in a news release . Many of the cars and trucks were sold by the officers , who kept other vehicles for personal use , prosecutors said . The FBI aided in the arrests . Carrillo was charged with conspiracy , bribery and accepting a bribe . Former chief Nick Baldiviez and Officer Mario Mottu were charged with embezzlement , while acting chief Bruce Miller -- Brian Miller 's brother -- was charged with accepting a bribe . Brian Miller was charged with conspiracy to commit a crime . CNN affiliate KSBW spoke to the acting chief as he left court Tuesday . "  I 'm completely surprised . Accept a bribe ? I 've never done that . I 'm blown away , I did not know this was coming , " said the chief , who , like the other officers , is on paid leave . Officers Mark Baker and Jaime Andrade were booked on other charges . The defendants will be arraigned Monday . KSBW reported that all seven had posted bail . The King City Police Department has only 17 officers . City Manager Michael Powers told KSBW that the police department 's front office can not remain open because so many officers were arrested . The Monterey County Sheriff 's Department will help patrol the city , the news release said . Baldiviez was chief for nine years until last year , when he disappeared for months , according to the station . He then reappeared and announced his retirement in September . King City is in southern Monterey County in the Salinas Valley . Its economy centers on agriculture and food processing . About 88 % of the city 's 13,000 residents are Latino , and about one in five of the people there lives below the poverty line . CNN 's Janet DiGiacomo contributed to this story .	DA says officers would impound cars of people who could n't pay release fees The impound lot owner would turn cars over to cops , who sold or kept them Among those arrested are the former chief and the interim chief , who says he did no wrong CNN affiliate says small department is strained by the number of arrests
Augusta , Maine  CNN  When Bill Stokes visits a cafe near the state Capitol , he admires one man behind the counter . To him , Chuck Petrucelly represents a life saved . Stokes headed the Maine attorney general 's criminal division when his office accepted Petrucelly 's insanity plea in the 2008 killing of his brother . "  I take some measure of satisfaction from the fact he 's a young man who has a future , " Stokes says . "  We had an opportunity to save him . Unfortunately , the wheels of justice kicked in after a horrific tragedy . "  There 's no punishment I can give Chuck that 's worse than the punishment he gives himself whenever he thinks about his brother . " The former prosecutor and one-time Augusta mayor was recently appointed a Superior Court judge . He sees Petrucelly 's recovery from multiple viewpoints . As a citizen , civic leader , head prosecutor and judge . Petrucelly is one of 90 mentally ill people in Maine designated as not criminally responsible -- known as NCR patients -- because they were determined to be insane at the time of the crimes . Nineteen had faced murder charges . The rest were charged with an array of offenses , including aggravated assault , arson , stalking and sexual misconduct . "  As a prosecutor , you ca n't be so rigid you reject the idea that there really are people who are truly insane , " Stokes says . "  The people I 'm worried about are not the forensics patients , because they 're getting the best treatment you can imagine . The people I 'm worried about are the people who are severely mentally ill not getting treatment . They 're the next case that I do n't want to see . " Petrucelly was sent to the state psychiatric hospital with the goal of rehabilitation . He remained there for 4 1/2 years and moved out of the hospital more than a year ago . Now 29 , he lives alone in a supervised apartment in downtown Augusta . He tries not to dwell on the past . His brother was a year older ; the two had been inseparable growing up . They played Nintendo , lifted weights and shared that indescribable bond of brotherhood . "  There 's just a connection I had with him that I just do n't have with anybody else , and nothing can replace it , " Petrucelly says . "  Mike really was my best friend . That might be hard to believe with what happened . "  The past is very hard to work through . " The biggest aid in his recovery , he says , was the forgiveness of his six other siblings and his mother , who remains his greatest advocate . "  You do n't give up on one of your sons , " says Rosanne Towle , his mother . "  Losing Mike was devastating and still is . Part of me is broken . But Chuck is here and he still needs us . So our focus is on him . " Focus on rehabilitation Maine 's NCR statute says that a defendant is not criminally responsible by reason of insanity "  if , at the time of the criminal conduct , as a result of mental disease or defect , the defendant lacked substantial capacity to appreciate the wrongfulness of the criminal conduct . " Each defendant undergoes rigorous psychiatric assessment . About 5 % of the state 's cases result in a person being found not criminally responsible . "  Once that decision is made , the focus shifts from punishment to rehabilitation , treatment and public safety , " Stokes says . The length of a stay depends on how a patient responds to treatment . That can range from a couple of years to decades . Typically , the younger the patient is on arrival , officials say , the better likelihood of a quicker recovery . The program has been in place for more than 50 years , but was revamped after an NCR patient on a four-hour leave in 1985 killed a teenage girl . Stricter laws govern today 's treatment program . That case also led to creation of the State Forensic Service , which conducts psychiatric and psychological evaluations for the court system . In the three decades since , state officials say , no NCR patient has committed a violent felony upon return to the community . "  The history of the experience speaks volumes , " says Mary Mayhew , commissioner of Maine 's Department of Health and Human Services . "  We do n't have an experience of recidivism . ... We 're focused on recovery and the evidence-based standards of care . It 's slow . It 's thorough . The assessments and progress are comprehensive and are consistently being evaluated . " Patients who once refused treatment , who could hardly utter a coherent sentence , begin to surrender to therapy , start taking medication and over time become functional . The treatment plan is based on incremental freedoms and stringent rules . As they progress , they can petition the court to move into a group home after years of therapy , then to a supervised apartment . Eventually , they can seek full release , as happened recently with a mother who starved her 5-year-old daughter to death in 1993 . Other states have similar programs , but the approach and aggressiveness of the releases vary . While Maine has shown success in rehabilitating its patients , other states have n't fared so well . Dr. Fuller Torrey , a research psychiatrist , best-selling author and founder of the Treatment Advocacy Center , has been tracking patients who killed again upon their release into the community . "  There is no shortage of them , " he says . Once patients have undergone treatment , Torrey says , "  it is imperative to then guarantee to the community , as well as to the person , that this individual will remain on medication indefinitely . And that 's the issue . " States have an incentive to move patients into the community and out of the hospital quickly , Torrey says , because the federal government picks up the cost when patients live in the community . And that , Torrey says , has resulted with patients being let go too soon and with drastic consequences . Ann LeBlanc , director of Maine 's State Forensic Service , says authorities work extremely hard to make sure that does n't happen . "  What we know from years of research , " she says , "  if people make that transition too soon , they tend to have multiple offenses , dangerous behavior . So we go very slowly through that process . " She often faces heated questions , even among friends and family , about why the state allows mentally ill patients , especially those who have killed , back into the community . She tells them : "  That mental illness is treated and stable , and that they 've had years to work hard and demonstrate that stability . " "  It 's a slow , stepwise process , " LeBlanc says . "  We keep an eye out for the safety of the community , and the hospital makes proposals based on what the patient wants or needs . The judge decides . " Since 2001 , when Stokes took over the Maine attorney general 's criminal division , 12 people have been deemed not criminally responsible in murder cases . Most killed a family member or somebody close to them . Five others who sought NCR status were rejected at trial and sentenced to prison . "  There 's always that concern that someone is gaming the system -- that someone is pretending to be insane when they 're not in order to avoid criminal responsibility , " Stokes says . "  We 're very conscious of that . " Yet officials acknowledge there is no crystal ball , no way to predict how a patient will react upon release . The question they face most from an astonished public is : How do you know they wo n't kill again ? "  There are no guarantees , " says LeBlanc , "  and oftentimes I think the community is looking for a guarantee when we ca n't provide that about anybody . "  What we can say is these people that are under the commissioner 's custody get the best care ; they get the care that they need ; they get the supervision they need so they can have a life . " Petrucelly has begun his new life , but there are hitches . Every time he seeks more freedom , he must appear before court . That results in a local headline like : "  Central Maine man who fatally stabbed brother can move to apartment , judge says . " He says local reporters never ask to speak with him , never seek his side of the story . His mom wishes they 'd stop running his arraignment photograph in which he was 150 pounds , in psychosis and looks totally out of it . If they 'd just ask to take a new photo , his mother would be happy . "  It sets up people to be afraid of me , " Petrucelly says . The cafe where he works has accepted him and remains supportive . Making Reuben sandwiches is n't his ultimate goal . With a hulking 220-pound frame , Petrucelly hopes to become a fitness instructor one day . He can bench-press 425 pounds . Residents have no reason to fear him , he says . "  The people who have had treatment , like myself , are not the ones that they need to worry about . Myself specifically , I 'm aware of my illness , " he says . "  I 'm aware of the fact that I need to take meds to remain stable or I need to watch how I 'm thinking and manage my thoughts . " He 's determined to make his late brother proud of his recovery . "  Part of the reason I do n't give up on myself , " he says , "  is I know that my brother would n't want that . I know he 'd want me to honor his memory in whatever way I can . Every day that I live and get up , I do n't take it for granted because I know he does n't have that now . "	Maine program aims to rehabilitate those deemed insane , not criminally responsible Chuck Petrucelly now lives in the community after killing his brother in 2008 "  We had an opportunity to save him , " ex-head prosecutor says Maine health commissioner : "  We do n't have an experience of recidivism "
CNN  -- The King of Pop is back in the spotlight -- and not everybody is happy about it . Despite the well of affection for the late Michael Jackson , his "  return " in the form of a hologram at Sunday night 's Billboard Music Awards did n't meet with unanimous approval . The spectral Jackson performed "  Slave to the Rhythm , " one of the singles from "  Xscape , " a new album of posthumously released Jackson music . He was accompanied by actual , physically present dancers . Billboard Music Awards : MJ hologram and Kendall 's flub get buzz It was either the most amazing thing ever -- or super creepy , depending on which side of the fence you were viewing it from . Recording artist Trevor Morgan tweeted "  MICHAEL JACKSON HOLOGRAM IS RAD . " New York magazine 's Vulture assistant editor Lindsey Weber tweeted "  turns out this michael jackson hologram is just as confusing and uncomfortable as we imagined . " Twitter user Assata H. seemed to fall in the middle , tweeting "  That Michael Jackson hologram kind of scared me ... it was cool . But it was weird . " Buzzfeed deemed it "  scarier than the ` Thriller ' video " while Mashable called it "  stunning . " ` Digital formaldehyde ' Though the Jackson hologram was new , the debate over whether or not deceased celebs should be brought back is not . The Billboard "  performance " also resurrected the discussion on whether fans even want to see their favorite artists as holograms . In 2012 a hologram of the late rapper Tupac Shakur stunned audiences at the Coachella music festival . Frank Sinatra and Elvis Presley have also been reanimated , after a fashion . The technology bringing Tupac , Sinatra back to life At the time , National Post writer Matt Gurney argued that dead stars should be allowed to rest in peace . "  The technology is undeniably impressive , " Gurney wrote in 2012 . "  But Shakur is not a fictional character , owned by a studio , but a real-life human being . His work may be owned and licensed , but not his entire being . It is impossible to know how he 'd have felt about being on that stage . " Soraya Nadia McDonald with The Washington Post wondered if this latest venture into digitally bringing artists back is the mark of more to come . "  The Jackson hologram raises some questions : Is this where we 're headed ? " she wrote . "  Long after Madonna is gone  or perhaps , as with Jackson 's hologram , not that long  , can we expect to see the Material Girl performing ` Holiday ' in a Grammys tribute , suspended in digital formaldehyde , just the way she was in 1983 ? And if so , what good are music videos ? " The technology seems to have gotten even better . As one person tweeted  we hope jokingly  , "  I am very scared why is Michael Jackson alive . " The performance had the full support of the Jackson family estate . According to Billboard , brother "  Jackie Jackson started to tear up as he recalled watching ` Slave to Rhythm ' in the audience at the MGM Grand Arena . " "  When he started walking and dancing , I was teary-eyed , " Billboard reported him as saying . "  It 's hard to please Michael 's fans and Michael ... I 'm telling you it 's amazing . " Weathering criticism The performance was supposed to be a tightly held secret for the annual awards show , but that fell apart thanks to a lawsuit meant to stop it . According to the Los Angeles Times , companies Hologram USA Inc. and Musion Das Hologram Ltd. had filed suit against the show to stop the bit , claiming the show was using their technology without permission . Hologram USA acquired patent rights from Musion Das Hologram for projection/staging technology after Digital Domain , the company which created the Shakur hologram , filed for bankruptcy . Oscar-winning Digital Domain had produced special effects for several films , including "  X-Men : First Class " and "  The Curious Case of Benjamin Button . " A judge ruled that Billboard could use the Jackson hologram . The Washington Post 's McDonald did n't find the technology to be all that precise . "  The effect was quite realistic , though at times just jerky enough that Jackson 's hologram more closely resembled his representation in the Nintendo Wii game ` Michael Jackson : The Experience ' than the man himself . In fact , it was actually slightly less realistic than the Tupac hologram that appeared at Coachella in 2012  which was actually a projection , not a hologram  , but the response was a little different . " Complaints in social media ranged from points about the hologram 's youthful appearance  Jackson was 50 at the time of his death in 2009  to the thought that the digital representation 's mouth appeared to be "  lip-syncing . " One fan was forgiving , however . "  It 's okay , " sloth queen tweeted . "  I forgive everyone for not making a perfect hologram i understand and accept Michael Jackson was too perfect to recreate . "	A hologram of Michael Jackson gets mixed reaction Some fans found it too realistic A common description : "  Creepy "
CNN  -- The driver of a slain Catholic bishop in southern Turkey has been apprehended in the killing , the Turkish Foreign Ministry said Thursday . The victim was identified by the Vatican as Luigi Padovese , the apostolic vicar of Anatolia . He was assaulted Thursday in his house in Iskenderun in Hatay province , the Vatican said . "  We were dismayed to hear that Bishop Prof. Luigi Padovese lost his life as a result of being stabbed by his driver today in Iskenderun , Hatay , " the ministry said , saying the death is "  a human , religious and academic loss . " "  This attack on a man of religion , whatever its reason might be , has received significant public condemnation . We have learned that the suspect , who has psychological problems and is currently being treated , was apprehended with the murder weapon . Detailed information will be shared with the public when the ongoing judicial investigation is concluded . "  This murder has led to deep sorrow for everyone . Hoping that the deceased will rest in peace , we extend our most sincere condolences to his family , to our citizens of Christian belief and the entire Catholic community , " the ministry said . Church officials expressed "  shock and sorrow " over the death of Padovese , who was also the president of the Turkey Bishops Conference "  I can only express an immense pain over this violent act that has taken us by surprise , " Vatican spokesman Father Federico Lombardi said . "  The tragedy of this event shows the difficulty that the Christian community endures in the Middle East region . " Roman Catholics in Turkey "  occasionally have been subjected to violent societal attacks , " according to the U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom , a U.S. government agency . The group 's latest report cites the February 2006 shooting death of "  an Italian Catholic priest " in Trabzon by a boy "  angered over the caricatures of the Muslim prophet in Danish newspapers . " A 16-year-old boy was charged with murder and sentenced to jail in the act , which drew condemnations from Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan and other government officials . In July 2009 , a "  mentally disturbed young man " killed Gregor Kerkeling , a Catholic German businessman in what has been described as an anti-Christian hate crime . The suspect confessed .	NEW : Slain Catholic bishop 's driver captured in stabbing death , Turkish ministry says Apostolic vicar of Anatolia killed Vatican : Tragedy shows "  difficulty " of Christians in Middle East U.S. agency : Catholics "  occasionally subjected " to attacks
CNN  -- Novak Djokovic 's tennis shoes turned into dancing shoes when he returned to action at the Rogers Cup . The world No. 1 polished off Germany 's Florian Mayer 6-2 6-1 in under an hour on Tuesday and then boogied on center court to the hit song , "  Get lucky " by Daft Punk . Djokovic has n't always had the fans on his side -- the crowd was firmly against him at the Madrid Masters in May -- but his silky moves endeared him to the spectators in Montreal . "  It was a little agreement I had with my friends when we had vacation time a few weeks ago , " Djokovic was quoted as saying by the ATP 's website . "  We listened to that song quite a lot . "  We had a lot of dancing going on . I said , ` Why not ? I 'll do it after my first match in Montreal . ' If I keep winning , I 'll do it after every match . If I win the next one , you can expect the same song but maybe a little different dance . " Djokovic was n't the only grand slam winner to contest his first match since Wimbledon . Rafael Nadal , stunned by Belgium 's Steve Darcis in the opening round at the All England Club , won a doubles thriller with fellow Spaniard Pablo Andujar . Djokovic fared better than Nadal in southwest London but lost the final to Andy Murray as Britain celebrated a first men 's singles winner at the tournament in 77 years . World No. 50 Mayer slumped to 0-12 in sets played against Djokovic . After Djokovic saved break points in two different games early in the first set , the two-time defending champion in Canada cruised and improved his hard-court record in 2013 to 21-2 . The lone blemish was receiving a warning from the chair umpire for taking too much time between points . "  As the match went on , I felt more comfortable on the court , " said Djokovic . "  That 's something that makes me happy . " Nadal and Andujar edged David Ferrer and Feliciano Lopez 6-7 6-1 12-10 in an all-Spanish battle . He begins in singles against Canada 's Jesse Levine on Wednesday . Murray opens play on center court against Spain 's Marcel Granollers , who is coming off a clay-court title in Austria . When they last met at the Italian Open in Rome in May , Murray retired with a back injury that later forced him to skip the French Open . The Scot recovered in time for the grass-court campaign and arrived in Montreal after a training block in Miami . "  I will have to be patient with myself , not expect too much , just try to fight for every point , " Murray was quoted as saying by the ATP 's website . Venus Williams ousted in Toronto At the women 's Rogers Cup in Toronto , Venus Williams ' return did n't last long as she was bundled out by Wimbledon semifinalist Kirsten Flipkens 0-6 6-4 6-2 . Williams missed Wimbledon with her own back injury and has n't won a match since April . "  I was n't expecting to play that well in the first set , so in the second set I just did n't handle it well , " the seven-time grand slam champion was quoted as saying by the WTA 's website . "  Then I got down in the third . "  I think I just sprayed a few balls and got a little tentative . I definitely did n't make the best of choices out there , but in general it was really fun to be back out there again . " Williams ' younger sister , Serena , is the top seed and heavy favorite in Toronto given the injury withdrawals of Victoria Azarenka and Maria Sharapova . Marion Bartoli plays U.S. qualifier Lauren Davis on Wednesday in her first outing since her surprise victory at Wimbledon .	Novak Djokovic beats Florian Mayer in under an hour in his first match since Wimbledon Rafael Nadal also returned at the Rogers Cup and won his doubles encounter Nadal and Andy Murray play their opening singles matches Wednesday in Montreal Venus Williams loses at the women 's event in Toronto after claiming the first set 6-0
Washington  CNN  -- The Navy captain who produced profanity - and slur-laden videos while second in charge of the USS Enterprise will be permanently relieved of his command of the ship , a top Navy commander said Tuesday . The Navy will also investigate the role other senior officers played in the video scandal , Adm. John Harvey , commander of the U.S. Fleet Forces Command , said . "  While Capt. Honors ' performance as commanding officer of USS Enterprise has been without incident , his profound lack of good judgment and professionalism while previously serving as executive officer on Enterprise calls into question his character and completely undermines his credibility to continue to serve effectively in command , " Harvey said , reading from a prepared statement . He did not take questions . Honors will be replaced by Capt. Dee Mewbourne , a former aircraft carrier commander who currently serves as chief of staff for the Navy Cyber Forces , Harvey said . Honors has been reassigned to administrative duties with the Naval Air Force Atlantic command , Harvey said . Excerpts from the videos and descriptions of their content were first published Saturday by The Virginian-Pilot newspaper in Norfolk , Virginia . The videos on the paper 's website , reviewed by CNN , feature a man identified by two Navy officials and The Virginian-Pilot as Honors , who at the time was the executive officer , or second in command , of the aircraft carrier . He recently took command of the carrier , winning one of the most coveted assignments in the U.S. Navy , which has only 11 aircraft carriers . Navy spokesman Cmdr. Chris Sims said the videos , which were shown to the crew of the Enterprise while on deployment supporting the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan in 2006 and 2007 , are "  inappropriate . " Honors is shown cursing along with other members of his staff in an attempt to demonstrate humor , according to the videos . There are also anti-gay slurs , simulated sex acts , and what appear to be two female sailors in a shower together . The investigation was ordered Friday by Harvey , the four-star head of the Navy 's Fleet Forces Command , after the videos were detailed in The Virginian-Pilot . The paper also posted a link to some of the material , but edited it so that expletives were censored and some identities of junior Navy crew were disguised . "  After personally reviewing the videos created while serving as executive officer , I have lost confidence in Capt. Honors ' ability to lead effectively , and he is being held accountable for poor judgment and the inappropriate actions demonstrated in the videos that were created while he served as executive officer on Enterprise , " Harvey said . Harvey said that investigators will continue to examine the circumstances surrounding the production and distribution of the videos , which were shown to the Enterprise 's 6,000-member crew over a two-year stretch . He said the investigation will look at "  the actions of other senior officers who knew of the videos and the actions they took in response . " The Pentagon said Tuesday that Defense Secretary Robert Gates knows about the bawdy videos but is leaving the fate of Honors up to senior Navy leaders . "  The Navy leadership is fully capable of handling this issue and taking appropriate action . It is not something that requires the secretary of defense , " Col. Dave Lapan , Pentagon spokesman , told an off-camera question-and-answer session . "  I do n't know if the secretary has been briefed on it . I know he is aware of it , " Lapan said . He said Gates was not involved in the decision-making process over whether Honors would remain in command of the Enterprise . CNN left a message for Honors on Saturday . The Virginian-Pilot said he did not respond to requests for comment . The Navy issued a statement Saturday , saying , in part , "  production of videos , like the ones produced four to five years ago on USS Enterprise and now being written about in the Virginian-Pilot , were not acceptable then and are still not acceptable in today 's Navy . The Navy does not endorse or condone these kinds of actions . " The statement also said , "  U.S. Fleet Forces Command has initiated an investigation into the circumstances surrounding the production of these videos ; however , it would be inappropriate to comment any further on the specifics of the investigation . " But the Saturday statement was an about-face from the initial military statement to the newspaper . In that statement , the Navy said the videos were "  not created with the intent to offend anyone . The videos were intended to be humorous skits focusing the crew 's attention on specific issues such as port visits , traffic safety , water conservation , ship cleanliness , etc. " Sims said senior officers had not yet seen the videos when they issued the first statement . It was after viewing them that the investigation was ordered , he said . When the videos first came to light the "  leadership " of the Enterprise was "  directed " to make certain future videos were appropriate , the Navy said . Sims said he was not aware if Honors was ever reprimanded . In the videos , Honors repeatedly jokes that his superior officers were unaware of the content of the videos and "  they should absolutely not be held accountable . " The Virginian-Pilot says the videos were shown over the ship 's internal broadcast system . Lapan , while trying to avoid commenting directly on the Honors episode , defended how the military identifies and punishes inappropriate behavior . "  While incidents like this , allegations like this draw a lot of attention , they are still relatively few and far between in terms of the millions of service members in service doing the right thing . And we have processes in place throughout the military services to handle actions that are inappropriate or rise to higher levels , " he said . "  There are always going to be people who do things they should n't be doing and those people will be held accountable . The system works , " Lapan said . The Enterprise videos , which include slurs against gays and lesbians , coincide with Defense Department preparations to implement last month 's congressional repeal of the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy that banned homosexuals from serving openly in the military . "  Those types of comments were inappropriate before the law was repealed , " Lapan said . "  There 's a service culture across all the services of treating everyone with dignity and respect , and inappropriate comments are n't acceptable at one point of time and unacceptable several months later because there has been a change in the law , " he added . CNN 's Charley Keyes contributed to this report .	NEW : Navy investigators will look at the role other officers played in the video scandal NEW : Admiral : the videos demonstrated Capt. Owen Honors ' "  profound lack of good judgment " Honors will be permanently relieved of his command of the USS Enterprise Raunchy videos were shown to the crew of the aircraft carrier USS Enterprise
Editor 's note : CNN writer Alan Duke has had two small voice-only roles in Tyler Perry 's TV series , "  House of Payne , " which airs on CNN 's sister network TBS . He has had no relationship with Perry beyond observing him on set . Tyler Perry stars in "  Madea Goes to Jail , " which is due out Friday . Perry is trying to expand his reach to Europe . ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Tyler Perry wants to take his character Madea to Europe , but he 's been told that audiences there wo n't relate to his stories about African-American lives . The films have made nearly $ 300 million at U.S. box offices . The challenge to conquer Europe has "  sat in my spirit , " Perry wrote in a newsletter to his fans . Perry , who just a few years ago was homeless and broke , has made a fortune proving naysayers and critics wrong with a successful string of low-budget movies based on his Christian-themed stage plays . "  I was once told -LSB- by -RSB- someone that my movies only appeal to black people and no one else , " Perry wrote . "  Now , I know that 's not true . " When his first movie -- "  Diary of a Mad Black Woman " -- debuted in 2005 , people who had seen his stage plays in person or on DVD flocked to theaters , making it the week 's top movie with almost $ 22 million in ticket sales . Critics , who consistently pan Perry 's productions , were confounded . "  They think I do n't know what I am doing , " he said in a CNN interview . "  They think that this is all haphazard , that I am some sort of idiot or something . " Watch Perry sound off on "  Madea " and other topics " Perry said he does not write to please the critics , but for a broad audience of all ages . With six films already out and a seventh -- "  Madea Goes To Jail " -- coming soon , Perry has never made a box office flop . His movies average nearly $ 22 million on opening weekends and almost $ 47 million in total domestic sales . "  Tyler Perry has a definite and growing fan base in this country and it 's simply a matter of , can he create and grow a fan base in other countries , " said independent producer Alex Franklin . Franklin -- a former development executive at Lionsgate , the film company that distributes Perry 's films in the United States -- was the first person at that studio to read his script for "  Diary of a Mad Black Woman . " He agrees that Perry 's movies should sell in Europe , but he said there is a tendency by distributors there to avoid films about African-Americans and films without major American stars who are well-known in Europe . While Perry 's casts have included Angela Bassett , Janet Jackson and Kathy Bates , many of his characters , including Madea , come from his stage plays , which are known only to a mostly black American audience . But David Mann -- who is "  Mr. Brown " in Perry 's productions -- said he has seen the audience broaden since the early years of the stage plays . "  I can recall when we first started , I would say 90 to 95 percent of the audience would be African-American , " Mann said . "  But now , you look out there and it 's like , ` Wow ! It 's just a rainbow . ' " Perry , in his message to fans , said he sees his stories as universal . "  I know that even though I write from an African-American experience and most of the time I have an all-African-American cast , that does n't mean that other people from other walks of life ca n't relate , " he said . "  I think that any human being who goes through what we all go through can relate to my films . "  I know and remember that when I 'm writing , " he continued . "  But when this person said that to me , they also said Europeans would never relate , and that sat in my spirit . " Perry said he flew to Europe in January -- "  to find out for myself " -- with visits to Rome , Madrid and London . It was there that he wrote his letter to his American fans . "  So far , all of us seem to be pretty much the same , " he said . "  We love to laugh , we all have problems , we all want love , and we all have a church in every country . And since these are the things I usually write about , I do n't see how that statement can be true . Do you ? " Perry could get his answer soon . Lionsgate has not said if "  Madea Goes To Jail , " which debuts Friday , will be marketed to European audiences . But the company signed a joint venture deal last year with Eros International , an Indian film company , to distribute its films in India -- the second largest English-speaking market in the world . If that arrangement does not take Madea around the world , then perhaps Perry will try it on his own , Franklin said . "  He has the money to back up his intentions , " he said . "  He proved his naysayers wrong in America , with his will and perseverance . There 's no reason he ca n't do the same overseas . " CNN 's Kara Yates and KJ Matthews contributed to this report .	Tyler Perry hoping to find market for his films in Europe Perry has already overcome obstacles to get his films seen in America Latest Perry film , "  Madea Goes to Jail , " is out Friday
CNN  -- 10:44 p.m. -- The family of Anaika St. Louis lays the 11-year-old to rest in a tearful ceremony . The girl spent 48 hours trapped under rubble that killed more than two dozen friends and neighbors , her leg crushed by a steel beam . She died after she was unable to receive proper medical treatment . Watch her story 10:31 p.m. -- Sixteen members of the joint NYPD-FDNY Urban Rescue Team in Haiti are attempting to rescue five people trapped alive in a collapsed grocery store in Port-au-Prince , the New York Police Department said Saturday . The five are in verbal communication with the NYPD and FDNY rescuers who are cutting through concrete blocks to reach them . 10:09 p.m. -- CNN 's Errol Barnett talks about how to make sure Haiti relief donations go to the right place . Watch 9:35 p.m. -- Authorities say a woman trapped under the rubble of a bank is sending text messages pleading for help . Watch 9:26 p.m. -- Earthquake survivor Tarmo Joeveer , who was rescued from the rubble at the U.N. mission in Haiti , recalls the chaos on CNN 's Larry King Live : "  It happened very fast , the buildings started shaking and then all of the sudden , it collapsed down . " 8:17 p.m. -- A rescue swimmer helped deliver a Haitian newborn aboard a Coast Guard helicopter on Saturday , the Coast Guard said . The woman went into labor as the helicopter was refueling aboard the Coast Guard Cutter Tahoma . The mother and child were taken to a hospital in Cap Haitien , Haiti for further medical treatment and were in good condition . 7:41 p.m. -- Musician Wyclef Jean denounces allegations that he has profitted personally from donations to his charity , Yéle Haiti . "  It is impossible for me to even comprehend the recent attacks on my character and the integrity of my foundation , Yéle Haiti . The fact that these attacks come as we are mobilized to meet the greatest human tragedy in the history of Haiti only serves to perplex me even further . " 7:18 p.m. -- Emergency visas and passports could help speed up adoptions that stalled after the quake , and open up beds for children who lost their parents , said Dixie Bickel , director of God 's Littlest Angels orphanage , outside Port-au-Prince . 7:04 p.m. -- U.S. Embassy employee Victoria J. DeLong , a foreign service officer , is among the dead , State Department officials say . Additionally , 14 American private citizens were killed , but the State Department did not provide names . 6:31 p.m. -- HaitiMission , a pair of Christian missionaries living in Haiti , are posting ongoing updates on iReport.com on the situation in Port-au-Prince , Haiti . See their updates Are you there ? Send us images , video 5:54 p.m. -- Secretary of State Hillary Clinton presented Saturday a united stance with Haitian President Rene Preval during her visit to the quake-battered capital . "  We are here at the invitation of your government to help you . " Watch 5:32 p.m. -- U.S. troops hand out some 2,500 meals in Port-au-Prince in the first American food aid distributed in Haiti since Tuesday 's earthquake . 5:18 p.m. -- The top two civilian officials at the U.N. mission in Haiti -- Hédi Annabi , Special Representative of the Secretary-General in Haiti and Principal Deputy Special Representative Luiz Carlos da Costa -- were killed in Tuesday 's earthquake , Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon confirms . Acting U.N. Police Commissioner in Haiti Doug Coates of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police also died , he said . Read more 5:04 p.m. -- Haitian President Rene Preval emerges from tent after nearly an hour of talks with Secretary of State Clinton and other U.S. officials , CNN 's Elise Labott reports . The officials go to a neighboring tent to visit a man who was pulled from the rubble around the time Clinton arrived , state officials said . 4:17 p.m. -- Every inch of floor space at De La Paz Hospital is occupied with individuals suffering from traumatic , severe injuries , CNN Radio 's Steve Kastenbaum reports . Spain is facilitating medical supplies , but they are in desperate need of anesthetic , sutures , plaster of paris , gauze and water . 3:02 p.m. -- U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has landed in Port-au-Prince . Clinton will meet with the Haitian President Rene Preval and Prime Minister Jean-Max Bellerive . 2:23 p.m. -- The U.S. Navy ship Comfort is on its way to Haiti . The floating hospital left Baltimore , Maryland , on Saturday morning . It is fully staffed with doctors and nurses . Watch more 1:50 p.m. -- The stench of decomposing bodies grows stronger every hour in Haiti , CNN Radio 's Steve Kastenbaum reported . Many survivors remain trapped , and the injured ca n't reach hospitals because there is no gas . 1:20 p.m. -- Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano said that crowded "  airspace over Haiti is like gold " as nations work to deliver aide . 12:57 p.m. -- Vice President Joe Biden said people affected by Hurricane Katrina are organizing to help earthquake victims . Biden spoke at Homestead Air Reserve Base in Florida , where relief supplies are being shipped to Haiti . 11:50 a.m. -- Frustration with the pace of aid is mounting . "  The sky has already fallen , and now you come , " bemoaned a teary man in French with his arms outstretched . Time : Full story 11:35 a.m. -- People looking for loved ones in Haiti are posting their pictures on CNN.com 's iReport page dedicated to them . Likewise , people in Haiti are sending messages out to say they 're OK . 11:24 a.m. -- Tennis star Roger Federer has organized a charity event to raise funds for the victims of the Haiti earthquake , to be joined by other top players in the sport . Full story 11:02 a.m. -- President Obama emerged from the White House and announced that former Presidents Clinton and George W. Bush will lead an effort to raise funds for Haiti . ClintonBushHaitiFund.org 10:25 a.m. -- A U.N. spokesman denied Saturday that U.N. officials had ordered doctors to abandon a field hospital Friday night . Full story 10:04 a.m. -- Obama received an update on the Haiti situation Saturday morning , then met with top staff to discuss relief efforts . 9:48 a.m. -- Programmers , Web developers and other technical experts will meet Saturday in Washington and other cities to brainstorm ways computer technology can help in the aftermath of the Haiti earthquake . Full story 9:40 a.m. -- The Israel Defense Forces have set up a field hospital with 220 workers , including doctors and nurses , at a soccer field in Port-au-Prince , according to the IDF 's Haiti Twitter site . Follow daily developments : Tuesday Wednesday Thursday Friday 9:21 a.m. -- The dumping of bodies into mass graves in Haiti is unnecessary from a public health standpoint , experts said . "  The reality is that most of the diseases that live in us -- once our body is dead they ca n't survive very long , " said Oliver Morgan , an epidemiologist at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta , Georgia . 7:33 a.m. -- U.N. doctors returned Saturday morning to a field hospital they were forced to abandon Friday night , reported Dr. Sanjay Gupta , CNN chief medical correspondent . Gupta stayed through the night as the only physician caring for patients . "  The patients are all doing great , and they 're all going to get great care , " Gupta said . 7:12 a.m. -- Reacting to the abandonment of a U.N. field hospital overnight , retired U.S. Army Gen. Russel Honore said American soldiers are ready and eager to provide security . "  The soldiers on the -LSB- USS -RSB- Carl Vinson , when they saw that report -- they want to go , " Honore said Saturday morning on CNN . "  Let 's unleash the U.S. military and let them get in there . ... They got to throw caution to the wind , they got to take some risks , they got to adapt and overcome . They need to let the military go and let them do their job . " 5:35 a.m. Saturday , January 16 , 2010 -- U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is set to arrive Saturday in Haiti with USAID chief Rajiv Shah . The focus is speeding relief and recovery effort .	Watch continuing earthquake coverage on CNN Read Twitter feeds to stay up to date on the latest in Haiti Read CNN.com 's complete special coverage of the latest developments in Haiti
CNN  -- A "  tricky " Amy Winehouse , disgruntled crowds and torrents of mud washing away tents , Rob da Bank has had to deal with them all . The British DJ turned festival impresario is the man behind the Bestival music festival and despite the challenges of putting on the annual event , his love of festivals remains undiminished . Bestival was "  a happy accident " says Rob  real name Robert Gorham  . He explains that he fell into first putting on the event in 2004 as his weekly club night in a pub in South London grew in popularity and requests for bigger and longer events increased . Bestival now attracts 50,000 people and top acts -- this year The Cure are the headline band -- and is one of the most popular events in the musical calendar . For three days each year the invasion of the sleepy Isle of Wight off the south coast of England by bands , fans and leftfield festival attractions increases the island 's population by over 30 percent . A desire to get back to the "  boutique " feel of its earlier days lead to the birth of Bestival 's little sister , Camp Bestival , in 2008 . It 's a much smaller and more family-friendly affair , but at the heart of both events is Rob 's desire to put on "  a good fun party with a top musical line-up . " CNN talked to Rob da Bank about his best and worst festival moments . What was your first festival experience ? "  Glastonbury about 20 years ago , in 1991 , I think . I was 18 . It was n't like I grew up in the back of a tee-pee or was a hippie child taken around festivals . I was a student and it was when Glastonbury was really exploding . It really changed my life , which sounds like a cliché , but it opened my eyes to a completely different kind of life . I knew I always wanted to go to festivals and it 's a total part of our lives now . " What 's your favorite festival memory ? "  There are so many things ; from getting engaged at Glastonbury to opening the gates at the first Bestival to Kraftwerk headlining a few years ago . Sorry , that 's three and not one . " What 's your worst festival moment ? "  It was n't awful , but the most tricky and stressful was the wet year  in 2008  , when we had ten inches of rain in a day , the most rain the Isle of Wight had for 100 years . It was a struggle and we kept it open and everyone seemed to get through it just about . Those things test you and you come out stronger . " What 's been you favorite act ? "  In terms of at Bestival , as well as Kraftwerk , Beastie Boys put on an amazing show a few years ago . They were incredible . They actually played two shows and were there all weekend . I love it when acts stick around and actually become part of the festival . " Who was the most difficult performer you 've had to deal with ? "  Amy Winehouse was tricky ; she was right in the thick of all her troubles and she was very late getting on site and there was a lot of tension in the crowd as to whether she would turn up or not . She had to be shuttled off the island in a blanket with two security guards . There was a lot of cloak and dagger stuff and it was just funny hi-jinx . " What do you always take to a festival ? "  A wife is a good way of keeping a lid on things , because I get over-excited at festivals and run riot from the moment I get there . Festivals now start on the Thursday or Friday , so if I 'm not tethered I 'll peak on the Thursday lunchtime and miss the weekend . So Josie da Bank is an essential . "  Apart from that a bin bag ; it can be a sun shade , a water-proof , something to take your rubbish home in or something to sit on in the mud . " Do you have any favorite non-music festivals or ones you 'd like to go to ? "  I 've been to the Hay-on-Wye festival , literary festivals and umpteen carnivals and village things in France and Spain . I 'd love to go to the tomato festival in Spain or some of the more non-music crazy offerings . I 'm going to KaZentip in Ukraine ... it sounds fairly off the hook so I 'm looking forward to that . "	Rob da Bank is a DJ and organizer of Bestival and Camp Bestival festivals Describes starting Bestival in UK as a ` happy accident ' From Amy Winehouse to Kraftwerk , he explains his best and worst festival moments
CNN  -- FIFA says it will help police in Brazil with investigations into allegations that one of its commercial partners has been involved in a ticket scalping scandal . Brazilian authorities arrested Raymond Whelan , the English chief executive of FIFA partner company MATCH Hospitality , on Monday as part of an inquiry into the illegal sale of tickets for the 2014 World Cup . "  FIFA continues to fully collaborate with the local authorities and will provide any details requested to assist with this ongoing investigation , " football 's world governing body said in a statement . "  FIFA wants to reiterate as mentioned at various occasions its firm stance against any form of violation of the criminal law and the ticketing regulations , and is fully supporting the security authorities in our joint efforts to clamp down on any unauthorized ticket sales . " Police arrested Whelan at the Copacabana Palace hotel in Rio de Janerio for questioning as part of ` Operation Jules Rimet ' set up to probe scalping . Whelan 's Swiss-based company MATCH Hospitality describes itself on its website as "  the only company worldwide that is officially authorized by FIFA to offer and guarantee exclusive hospitality packages for every match of the FIFA World Cup . " The company issued a statement Tuesday in response to Whelan 's arrest saying : "  Ray Whelan has been released from police custody and will assist the police with further enquiries . "  MATCH have complete faith that the facts will establish that he has not violated any laws . "  MATCH will continue to fully support all police investigations , which we firmly believe will fully exonerate Ray . In the meantime , Ray Whelan , as well as the rest of the MATCH personnel will continue to work on our operational areas of responsibility in order to deliver a successful 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil . " It emerged Tuesday that the Infront Sports and Media company presided over by Philippe Blatter -- the nephew of FIFA president Sepp Blatter -- also owns shares in MATCH Hospitality . "  Infront is a 5 % minority shareholder of MATCH Hospitality , " Infront said in a statement . "  Infront 's President and CEO Philippe Blatter does not hold any position with MATCH Hospitality . Infront is fully supporting MATCH Hospitality in collaborating with the local authorities . " Whelan is among 11 people arrested on suspicion of illegal ticket selling at the 2014 World Cup . Authorities believe some of the tickets were sold to international tourists who had arrived in Brazil for the world 's biggest sporting event . Brazilians have purchased the majority of the 2.5 million tickets on sale for the World Cup despite high prices . Media reports in Brazil Tuesday said that Whelan had subsequently been released by the police after an application by his lawyers . Last week , a cloud of controversy distracted from the football fiesta as match fixing claims surrounding Cameroon 's participation in the event emerged . The Cameroon Football Association confirmed it is investigating allegations made in the German media that seven of its players were involved in match fixing during the group stage of the World Cup finals . The tournament continues on the pitch when host Brazil faces Germany in the first of the semifinals Tuesday . The Netherlands takes on Argentina Wednesday for a place in Sunday 's final .	FIFA will help police in Brazil with allegations one of its partners has been involved in ticket scalping "  FIFA continues to fully collaborate with the local authorities , " it said in a statement CEO of company organizing World Cup hospitality packages has been arrested Police in Brazil are running "  Operation Jules Rimet " to crack down on illegal ticket sales
CNN  -- A New Jersey teachers union is coming under fire after an internal memo included a veiled threat to Gov. Chris Christie . The leaked memo , which was sent to union leaders in the New Jersey Education Association 's Bergen County division , contains a closing paragraph written in the form of a prayer . "  Dear Lord , " the letter reads . "  This year you have taken away my favorite actor , Patrick Swayze , my favorite actress , Farrah Fawcett , my favorite singer , Michael Jackson , and my favorite salesman , Billy Mays . I just wanted to let you know that Chris Christie is my favorite governor . " Bergen County Education Association President Joe Coppola said the memo was confidential and the line was intended as a joke . "  It was inappropriate , it was in bad taste , and it was definitely in poor judgment , " Coppola said . But Christie is not taking the letter lightly and had some strong words for the teachers union . "  We can have honest disagreements about policy , " the governor said at a news conference Friday . "  But I am sure there are teachers all across New Jersey when they learn about this today who are going to be ashamed . " He added , "  I wonder what the children of New Jersey will think when the leadership of the teachers union is praying for their governor to die . " The incident comes as Christie and the New Jersey Education Association are entrenched in a bitter struggle over funding for New Jersey 's school system . Seeking to address an $ 11 billion budget deficit , Christie , a Republican who was elected in November , has proposed severe cuts to the state 's education system , with teachers being hit especially hard . Barbara Keshishian , president of the New Jersey Education Association , issued an apology Friday condemning the letter . "  Language such as that has no place in civil discourse , " she said . "  Our ongoing discussion with Gov. Christie is centered on serious issues of significant importance to the state , and that must be the focus of all our conversation . "	Internal memo asks God to take New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie "  It was inappropriate , " union president acknowledges Governor says teachers should be ashamed Amid budget crisis , Christie has proposed severe cuts to education
CNN  -- Batman had Robin , Holmes had Watson , Han Solo had Chewbacca ; iconic heroes have iconic sidekicks who keep their main man sane and humanized , while providing the audience with a proxy . But whereas the Lone Ranger only had one Tonto , "  The Doctor " from 50-year-old British series "  Doctor Who " goes through a lot of "  Companions " -- so much so that new arrivals are met with fan anticipation and anxiety . Enter Jenna-Louise Coleman , the 26-year-old actress who officially steps into the role of sci-fi sidekick on the popular BBC America show 's Christmas Special . Known to American audiences from the April 2012 ABC miniseries "  Titanic , " and for a brief role in 2010 's "  Captain America : The First Avenger , " she joins "  Doctor Who " as Clara/Oswin , a companion to The Doctor , a mysterious , human-looking "  Time Lord . " Played by Matt Smith , he journeys through "  Time And Relative Dimension In Space " in his aptly-named ship , the TARDIS -- which looks like a blue British police call box on the outside , and is as iconographic a vehicle as the U.S.S. Enterprise , Millennium Falcon or DeLorean . Launched in 1963 , change and evolution is part of the show 's DNA . When a lead actor steps down , The Doctor essentially dies and is regenerated into a new body , but as the same character with a new actor portraying him . Smith is the 11th to do so . However , over five decades , more than the 30 companions have been unique characters with their own back-story . The Doctor invites them on adventures across the "  time vortex " to face monsters and save worlds . As they retire or die , fresh ones are needed to keep the him company . Although she is only the latest of companions , Coleman 's debut comes during a unique moment during "  Doctor Who . " Gracing the covers of TV Guide and Entertainment Weekly as a fan favorite , garnering a cover mention in "  Rolling Stone " as a best fall show , ranking as iTunes ' most downloaded TV show in the U.S. , packing the house at San Diego Comic-Con International , Coleman arrives as the global brand has become a bona fide hit in America -- and immediately following the death of popular predecessors Amy Pond and Rory  played by Karen Gillan and Arthur Darvill  , Smith 's first companions . Coleman played a surprise role in last September 's season premiere -- as Oswin , a different character from Clara , but one connected to her -- and takes on full companion duties in "  The Snowmen " Christmas episode , airing December 25 at 9 p.m. ET . A mysterious woman with a secret , Clara is a feisty , flirty foil to a grief-stricken , apathetic Doctor . "  We see him having just lost the Ponds , and he 's not in a great place , " said Smith . "  He 's lost his mojo a bit , and his sense of adventure , and I think this season certainly looks at him rediscovering that fire with Clara . " Smith added he is excited for fans to see the developing chemistry between him and Coleman , as well as the "  real intrigue " behind the mystery of Clara 's identity . And just as the nature of "  Doctor Who " is change , Smith said fans will also embrace Coleman 's Clara . For her part , Jenna-Louise Coleman has already embraced her role as a companion . During a recent interview at BBC America 's Manhattan offices , she offered insight about her character and her relationship with The Doctor , and weighed in on Clara 's soufflÃ © obsession , driving a spaceship , her Bond Girl moment and Christmas traditions . Can you share a moment when you felt the enormity of stepping into this popular world ? You see "  it " everywhere and you 're used to it , like I was used to seeing Matt 's face all over the place . But , when I was auditioning , being sat on the Tube and you see the posters , and it was always like he was pointing at me . ...  But  there 's not very much time to analyze as you go . It is only now that I feel like I 've just been playing with all my mates for the last couple of months , and then suddenly , I 'm like , "  but people are going to see this , " you know ? What would you like to add to the legacy of the show as Oswin/Clara ? I like that it 's not plain sailing . Like  executive producer Steven Moffat  was saying , it 's not very interesting if you come in and it 's like this friendship straight away . He 's been very clever in creating a mystery , because , no matter what , it 's always going to be hard to bring in somebody else into the show , when Matt , Karen and Arthur started out together , and you 're used to seeing them on screen together . How would you define your character 's relationship with The Doctor ? I like that she holds her own . You know , The Doctor 's this amazing man , and she 's like , "  You know , cool . I think you 're amazing , but so am I. " So , it 's a nice double act . Has Karen offered advice on joining the show ? She 's been really supportive . ... She came to the screening in New York City with Matt , and when Oswin was on screen , she texted me saying it was great .  But  from interviews I 've seen of Karen , she was saying she did n't want to , because she wanted me to have my own experience . I did want to be like , "  What do I need to know ? Tell me everything ! " But she 's been really cool about it . There was never a realized romance between The Doctor and Karen 's Amy , but your character gets flirtatious straight away , right ? It 's been interesting how it 's changed Matt 's Doctor . There is a natural bounce between them , and a flirtation , and attraction . But , again , they 've always got this friction because they 're a bit magnetic and drawn to each other , but she ca n't quite figure him out . He 's got loads of secrets and he 's always looking at her , trying to figure her out . Can you tell me about the first meeting between you and Matt ? He 's with the same agency as me , so my agent said , "  You 're going to be reading with Matt and he 's lovely . He 'll take care of you . " I walked into the room and he 's just like , "  Heeeeyyyyy , " and gave me a big hug . He really helped me out in the audition . I 've read with other actors in auditions before , but Matt really got involved so it was like we were both auditioning together almost . This is an iconic franchise , but are there other big franchises you 'd want to step into ? Totally ! I 'd love to be a Bond Girl . I did have my Bond Girl moment -- well , what I thought was going to be , but it was very much a "  Doctor Who " version . Like being on the back of a motorbike , but then we 've got the goggles and the hat , so it was like "  Doctor Who 's " take on James Bond . Have you played with any cool sci-fi gadgets on the show , like the TARDIS ? There are certain parts of the TARDIS which I love . We 've got these new kind-of rolly balls , which is my favorite . But my character got to drive the TARDIS at one point ! In the long list of "  Doctor Who " monsters , what 's your favorite ? The Weeping Angels . It 's the concept  that they only move when you are n't looking at them  . But there 's one at the end of this season -- it 's a new monster , and I 'd say you have to wait and see that . That one is my favorite , so far . One of the things we know about your character is her love of soufflÃ © . Have you tried making one ? I had to be baking one in a scene recently . So I got the Google up and tried to figure out exactly how to do it , take it kind of really seriously to make sure I 've got , like , the whisking right . But maybe that 's what I should do over Christmas . Is it odd returning to a "  normal " world after living in The Doctor 's ? "  This " life is so exciting on a daily basis . Everything 's so dramatic every day , and it 's the end of the world every week . You 're either running or there 's a snow machine or rain machine , or you 're in a harness and you 're on wires . ... On an off day , I find that I get bored quickly , like , "  Where 's the Cybermen ? " The "  Doctor Who Christmas Special " is something of a tradition -- do you have others you 'll keep ? There are 13 of my family going to a cottage , so we 'll be there watching . It 's one of my grandmum 's favorite shows , so it 's big for her . But normally I get home from London and I have n't seen my family for a little while , and me and my mum always wrap the presents the night before with a glass of Bailey 's . That 's my favorite tradition at Christmastime . What did your grandmother say when she learned you got this role ? I auditioned for Amy 's best mate in it , and was pretty close to getting the part , and my grandma was absolutely devastated I did n't . So , we came back around , and I do n't think she can believe it , actually . It is quite surreal for her , and she 's quite looking forward to meeting Matt . What do you anticipate that encounter being like ? My grandma 's going to mess up his hair . She 's going to be patting him and hugging him , and Matt 's going to have really messy hair for the rest of the night .	The "  Doctor Who " doctor goes through a lot of companions on the series Jenna-Louise Coleman , 26 , steps into the role of Clara Oswin on "  Doctor Who " Matt Smith said he 's excited for fans to see the chemistry between him and Coleman
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Federal authorities are looking for a Delta Air Lines passenger who they say caused an uproar aboard a flight from Amsterdam to Detroit on Tuesday . According to a criminal complaint , Jared Layne Hansen faces charges of interfering with a flight crew , making false statements about having weapons and saying the plane was being hijacked , and assaulting federal air marshals . An arrest warrant was issued . Hansen , 31 , from Salt Lake City , Utah , was sitting in seat 10B of the main cabin of Delta Flight 235 . The trouble began , according to an affidavit filed by air marshal Dennis Scott , when Hansen tried to go into the front section of the cabin , which is restricted to business class passengers for security reasons . Hansen refused to obey instructions from the flight crew that he go back to his seat or to a bathroom in the rear cabin , the document alleges . "  Mr. Hansen threatened to urinate in the aircraft galley and grabbed his penis and threatened to urinate all over himself , " according to the criminal complaint . Crew members summoned air marshals on the flight , saying they needed help with a passenger who appeared "  heavily intoxicated " and was not behaving as requested . The court document says one marshal found Hansen standing in the galley exposing his genitals . When the officer approached him , the complaint said , Hansen clinched his fists and started hitting himself in the face . The marshals identified themselves as police officers and Hansen shoved two of them , the affidavit states . The marshals handcuffed Hansen and put him in his assigned seat . Hansen allegedly made a variety of false statements during the remainder of the flight -- sometimes yelling them out -- such as "  this is a hijacking . " He allegedly claimed to have a handgun and a bomb . According to the complaint , he also said the air marshals aboard the plane were hijacking the plane and called them terrorists . Four marshals were on Flight 235 . The statements frightened the passengers , the document states , adding Hansen allegedly threatened the air marshals by saying he would "  track us down . " Hansen was detained and questioned by law enforcement upon arrival Tuesday in Detroit , but he was not arrested . "  We needed to do more investigation before we filed a criminal complaint , " said Gina Balaya , a spokeswoman for the U.S. Attorney 's Office in Detroit . Kim Thompson , an official with the Federal Air Marshal Service , said she could not discuss the case and referred all questions to Justice Department officials .	Complaint : Passenger did n't go back to his seat when asked Among other things , he allegedly threatened to urinate in aircraft galley Authorities are trying to locate Utah man
Kabul  CNN  -- Afghan voters turned out in large numbers Saturday for historic presidential and provincial elections , undeterred by the threat of violence by the Taliban and poor weather . A heavy security presence in the capital , Kabul , and across the country ensured that the vote went largely smoothly , although some attacks were reported . "  Today , I came to here to select my next president and I hope that whoever it is ... is a good person , who will help the people and bring changes to Afghanistan , " said one voter at a Kabul polling station . Wide participation in voting was observed and polling hours were extended by an hour to allow all those in line to vote , Mohammad Yousuf Nooristani , chief of Afghanistan 's Independent Election Commission , said at a news conference in Kabul . There were no major attacks in the capital , where cars were barred from the roads , police checkpoints were set up every few hundred yards and searches were carried out on every man , woman and child as they entered polling stations . The strong turnout came despite threats from the Taliban to disrupt the vote and punish all involved in the first democratic transfer of presidential power in the country 's turbulent history . Afghan lawmaker Shukria Barakzai , at a polling station in Kabul , told CNN she felt proud and happy because "  today is the day ... when the people of Afghanistan can go and vote freely . " She said the turnout was a slap in the face for the Taliban and terrorists who have sought to obstruct the elections . "  See , wonderful people are coming to practice democracy , " she said . "  We are not afraid of the threats . As much as they kill us , we get more stronger . As much as they killed our children , our journalists and innocent women , we say no , we will go and vote because we are fed up . We want to see real change , we want to enjoy our democracy . " Other Afghans also told CNN that they were determined to vote and that improved security is their main concern , after long years of war . "  We need a good president so the bombings and war stops , " said a Kabul voter who has two children . "  I want my children to go to school without fear . " The Election Commission 's Nooristani said about 7 million Afghans were estimated to have voted , with around two-thirds of the estimated voters men . Vote counting has started in the polling sites throughout the country and the preliminary results will be announced around April 28 . The Independent Elections Commissions is completely ready to hold a second round elections if no candidate wins 50 % +1 in the first round . Violence reported Afghan Interior Minister Mohammad Umer Daudzai told reporters that 20 people were killed in violence across the country Saturday , as insurgents tried to disturb the voting processes . Seven military personnel , nine police and four civilians were killed . Forty-three people were also wounded in attacks targeting mostly voting centers , the minister said , adding that most wounded people were civilians Meanwhile , Afghan security forces killed more than 80 insurgents across the country and foiled several attacks against voting centers , Daudzai said . Officials in the eastern Afghan province of Khost said a suicide bomber clad in an explosives vest blew himself up near a polling center . No other casualties were reported after the blast . Nearly 1,000 polling sites were closed because of security concerns ; another 6,423 were open . Reports of violence and people fleeing polling stations popped up on social media . Outgoing President Hamid Karzai was among those to cast his vote Saturday , adding his voice to those of Afghans across the nation as they chose their next leader . Karzai is constitutionally bound to step down when his term runs out and the next president has been determined . If no candidate wins a majority in the first round , then a runoff vote will take place next month . Preliminary results are expected to be announced at the end of April . Electoral officials hope that this election is free of the allegations of fraud that marred the last vote in 2009 . Pre-election militant attacks The relatively trouble-free election day came in welcome contrast to the violence that overshadowed the run-up to the vote and is seen as a credit to the progress made by the Afghan security forces . Taliban militants have carried out multiple attacks in recent days , including on the country 's election commission . On Friday , two Associated Press journalists were shot in Afghanistan 's eastern Khost province , an attack that left award-winning German photographer Anja Niedringhaus dead and injured Canadian reporter Kathy Gannon . On Wednesday , a suicide bomber blew himself up at the entrance gate to the Interior Ministry in Kabul , killing six Afghan police officers . A day earlier , the Taliban killed a provincial council candidate and nine of his supporters . Last month , Sardar Ahmad , one of Afghanistan 's most prominent journalists , was among nine people killed in an attack in central Kabul . Less than two weeks earlier , Swedish Radio correspondent Nils Horner was shot dead in broad daylight on a Kabul street . Voter enthusiasm While formal turnout figures are not yet available , recent polling by the Free and Fair Election Foundation of Afghanistan found that 75 % of Afghans said they wanted to vote despite the threat of violence . Some election workers , whose colleagues were killed , also said the violence would not stop them from performing their duties . Campaigning has stirred excitement , including through substantive televised debates between the leading candidates -- something unthinkable more than a decade ago under Taliban rule , when television was banned entirely . The pre-election violence highlights the need for security in the fragile nation , and the choice of a new president may have an impact on security cooperation with the United States and the rest of NATO . Karzai , who has often taken a contrarian approach to Washington , has refused to sign a U.S.-Afghanistan bilateral security agreement . But the two leading candidates in Saturday 's election have said they would , and the third has said that he is in favor of signing the agreement . Without it , Washington has threatened the possibility of withdrawing U.S. troops by the end of the year . The NATO-led International Security Assistance Force has roughly 51,000 troops from 48 different countries in Afghanistan . The majority -- about 33,500 -- are from the United States . Despite the string of attacks leading up to the election , violence in Afghanistan is at a two-year low , NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen has said . He has praised Afghan forces for taking the lead in quelling militant violence . The candidates Afghanistan is a nation of diverse cultures and languages , which harbors potential for ethnic divides . But the two campaigns consistently leading in pre-election polling have crossed ethnic lines to form their tickets . Top presidential contender Ashraf Ghani , who earned his doctorate at Columbia University in the U.S. , is from the Pashtun ethnic group . His running mate is Abdul Rashid Dostum , a leader of the Uzbek ethnic group . Ghani was the country 's finance minister under Karzai . The other frontrunner is Dr. Abdullah Abdullah who is associated with the Tajik ethnic group . Abdullah is partnered with Mohammad Mohaqeq , a leader of the Hazara ethnic group , and he also has a Pashtun on the ticket , Mohammad Khan , who is affiliated with Hezb-i-Islami , a splinter group of the Taliban . Abdullah is an eye doctor by training , who became Afghanistan 's foreign minister under Karzai . He ran against him in 2009 , but dropped out in protest of what he saw as large-scale voter fraud . He is considered to be relatively liberal and has made at least one public statement in support of women 's rights . Karzai 's favorite ? Karzai has not publicly endorsed anyone , but the third major contender , Zalmai Rassoul , is widely seen as the establishment candidate . He is a Karzai ally and has backing from the President 's brother , Qayum , who withdrew his candidacy and endorsed the former foreign minister . Like Abdullah , he is a doctor . He also has a reputation for honesty despite his years in an administration widely plagued with accusations of graft . His running mate , Habiba Sarabi , is one of only three female vice presidential candidates on the ballot . Her candidacy could appeal to women voters . Karzai was chosen by Afghan leaders to head the country after the fall of the Taliban and won two subsequent presidential elections in 2004 and 2009 . The 2009 election was tainted by allegations of manipulation and irregularities . CNN 's Anna Coren , Masoud Popalzi and Qadir Sediqi reported from Kabul , and Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London . CNN 's Ben Brumfield , Euan McKirdy and Joe Sterling and analyst Peter Bergen contributed to this report .	Twenty killed in violence across the country Saturday , Interior Ministry says Lawmaker hails day as "  when the people of Afghanistan can go and vote freely " Voting was extended by an hour in response to high turnout , election official says It 's the first democratic transfer of presidential power in the country 's turbulent history
Entertainment Weekly  -- It was a glass half-full , glass half-empty kind of weekend at the box office for "  Funny People , " writer-director Judd Apatow 's comedic meditation on fame , humor , life , and death . Adam Sandler and Seth Rogen star in "  Funny People , " which took the No. 1 slot at the box office this weekend . According to figures from Hollywood.com Box Office , it opened at the top spot with an estimated $ 23.4 million , better than Apatow 's The 40 Year-Old Virgin  $ 21.4 million  -- hence , the glass is half full . But that figure is far lower than the debut for Apatow 's "  Knocked Up "  $ 30.7 million  , and it 's the worst opening for a comedy for star Adam Sander since his 2000 turkey "  Little Nicky " -- hence , the glass is half empty . Of course , "  Funny People " was billed more as a thoughtful dramedy than a balls-out Sandler laugh-fest , and when matched against the opening frames for Sandler 's serious efforts "  Reign Over Me , " "  Spanglish , " and "  Punch-Drunk Love , " Funny People is far and away the winner -- and the glass is half full again . But whether it 's a comedy , drama , or dramedy , "  Funny People 's " $ 75 million budget is quite the handful of pretty pennies , and with a shaky "  B - " Cinemascore , the film is going to have a hard time overcoming tepid word-of-mouth -- and we 're back to the half-empty glass . So let 's just move on , shall we ? The cup of a certain adolescent wizard , meanwhile , definitely runneth over . Thanks to its debut on IMAX  and the premium ticket prices that come with it  , "  Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince " came in second with $ 17.7 million , a soft 40 percent drop from last weekend for $ 255.5 million total . At this rate , the film is well on its way to the upper ranks of the ` Potter ' franchise . The guinea pigs of "  G-Force " were right on its heels at third place , nibbling up $ 17.1 million , a decent 46 percent drop for a two-week cume of $ 66.5 million . And Katherine Heigl 's romcom "  The Ugly Truth " took in an additional $ 13 million , a 53 percent drop for fourth place and $ 54.5 million total . Of the two other wide releases this weekend , at least the sci-fi family comedy "  Aliens in the Attic " -- which grossed a meager $ 7.8 million for fifth place -- broke into the top 10 . The torture porn flick "  The Collector " collected a grisly $ 3.6 million and plopped dead at 11th place . Box office on a whole was down a massive 22 percent from last year , when The "  Dark Knight " and "  The Mummy : Tomb of the Dragon Emperor " both took in over $ 40 million , but the specialty market showed some vibrant signs of life . Bone fide indie hit "  500  Days of Summer " expanded to 266 theaters for $ 2.7 million , a $ 10,338 per theater average . And three widely disparate films opened in four theaters each to healthy per theater averages : The quirky romantic comedy "  Adam "  $ 16,566 per theater  , the stylish vampire film "  Thirst "  $ 13,793 per theater  , and the eco-thriller-cum-documentary "  The Cove "  $ 13,600 per theater  . Finally , a true milestone was reached this weekend by "  The Hangover . " With $ 5.1 million this weekend for a running total of $ 255.8 million , the summer 's biggest die hard blockbuster has passed "  Star Trek " and  for a brief moment  "  Harry Potter 6 " as the third highest grossing movie of the year . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly Copyright 2009 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Funny People " is No. 1 at box office with an estimated $ 23.4 million "  Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince " came in second with $ 17.7 million The guinea pigs of "  G-Force " were right on Potter 's heels at third place See what other flicks made this week 's top 10 box office chart
CNN  -- A group of tech-savvy entrepreneurs are setting out to rock Nigeria 's vibrant music scene by cashing in on the country 's booming mobile phone market . Founded by three university friends , MyMusic.com.ng is an ambitious startup aiming to be the major online distribution channel for Nigerian music . The new digital service is focused on providing an easy and affordable way for music fans to access their favorite songs , which are often hard to find in one place . "  We have no single source of aggregated Nigerian music of African origin , " says Tola Ogunsola , chief executive and co-founder of MyMusic . "  So Africa is missing on the world map in terms of musical content -- so the potential is huge . " Read this : ` Dropifi ' startup takes on Silicon Valley MyMusic is designed to work similarly to other digital music stores , such as iTunes . But its payment options are largely catered to deal with the characteristics of the Nigerian market , which is mainly a cash only society . Mobile phone users can select the song they want to download and pay instantly for it using their credit . Songs cost 50 naira , or about 31 U.S. cents . "  When users click the pay by mobile button , the download is automatically initiated on their mobile phones and the fee is deducted from their mobile credit , " explains co-founder Damola Taiwo , who is also the startup 's chief operating officer . Mobile boom Nigeria , Africa 's second biggest economy , is one of the biggest and fastest growing mobile markets in the continent , with more than 100 million active subscribers . It 's this market that the young entrepreneurs behind MyMusic hope to tap , filling a musical void for the country 's cell phone users . Read this : Africa 's mobile tech startups "  Mobile holds the biggest potential for us , " says Taiwo , adding that more than 40 million phones in Nigeria are connected to the web . "  The majority of these users have their mobile phones as their only connection to the internet and any form of technology . " Computer users can also download songs via the pay by mobile method -- entering their phone number on MyMusic 's website -- on top of the standard credit card and PayPal payment methods . From door to door The startup 's three founders , who 've all studied computer science , say they have so far invested $ 45,000 of their own money into the business . They recently launched a test version of the platform at one of Europe 's biggest tech conferences -- the Web Summit in Dublin , Ireland . The Lagos-based team is now planning a full scale release of the service in February 2014 , targeting an initial offering of 5,000 songs . "  The goal now is to have a wide variety , " says Taiwo . "  So from the up-and-coming artists to music of like 20 years ago or 30 years ago , " he adds . Read also : 10 African tech startups you need to know But to achieve that , and make the service successful , the young entrepreneurs have to put in a lot of leg work . "  What happens with most of these international sites is that they have a structured system where they can just go meet a record label and automatically get about maybe 100,000 songs , or as much as possible -- but in Nigeria , the structure is still growing , " says Taiwo . Fellow co-founder Dolapo Taiwo explains that because most musicians in the country have their own record labels , the team has to approach each artist separately . "  Having to run after record labels one by one is a very big pain but I think it 's a pain that we 're happy to bear for now , " he says . Turning problems into opportunities Yet , going from door to door is not the only challenge faced by the developers of MyMusic . Finding outside funding in Nigeria has been difficult for the company , so the team is currently exploring international sources of investment to fund their marketing plan . Similarly , poor infrastructure and connectivity issues have both added to the challenge but failed to stop the entrepreneurs ' efforts . "  Every problem is a potential opportunity , " says Dolapo Taiwo . For example , he notes , Nigeria 's bandwidth issues have prompted them to build "  very lean sites " that offer users a trouble-free experience . "  Within two clicks you can download a song , so we 're trying to overcome that challenge , " he says . Looking ahead , the team has high hopes for the company 's success and growth . "  We 're looking to having a pan-African approach to this as time goes by because what we 're actually solving is an African problem , " says Dolapo Taiwo . "  A lot of Africans do not have access to formal banking methods -- we do n't have a lot of credit cards in Africa so we 're looking to deploy it across Africa . " "  It 's a big vision for us and we 're going to push it through , " adds Damola Taiwo .	MyMusic.com.ng is a new digital store where Nigerians can access local music Customers can pay for songs using their mobile phone credit The new platform is scheduled for full-scale release in February 2014 Funding , infrastructure and connectivity are some of the challenges faced by the team
Hong Kong  CNN  -- The death toll from the earthquake in southwest China 's Sichuan Province has risen to 180 people with another 24 missing , China 's Xinhua news agency reported Sunday . More than 11,200 are injured . Thousands of emergency workers , including soldiers , rushed to reach the affected zones in the hilly region , and Chinese Premier Li Keqiang traveled to the area from Beijing , state media reported . Xu Mengjia , the Communist Party chief of Ya'an , the city that administers the area where the quake struck , told state broadcaster CCTV that because of landslides and disruption to communications , determining the total number of casualties may take some time . Students gather outside to escape the quake The quake struck just after 8 a.m. local time Saturday , about 115 kilometers  70 miles  away from the provincial capital , Chengdu , at a depth of around 12 kilometers , according to the U.S. Geological Survey . There was conflicting information about the earthquake 's strength , with the USGS putting the magnitude at 6.6 and the China Earthquake Networks Center gauging it at 7.0 . It was followed by a series of aftershocks , some of them as strong as magnitude 5.1 , the USGS said . Authorities have responded by sending rescue workers to the area around the epicenter , briefly halting flights at the airport in Chengdu and suspending high-speed rail operations , state media reported . The event stirred memories of the devastating earthquake that hit Sichuan in 2008 , killing more than 87,000 people . First responders to Saturday 's quake reported that the damage caused did n't appear to be as severe as what was seen in the aftermath of the 2008 disaster , according to CCTV . Fan Xiaodong , a student in Chengdu , said when the tremors began to shake buildings in the city , many of his startled classmates rushed out of their dorms , some of them wearing only the clothes they 'd been sleeping in . At first , Fan said , he only felt a slight trembling as he dozed in bed . "  I thought it was my roommates shaking the bed , " he said . "  But the shock became stronger soon , and it came to me that an earthquake happened . " The epicenter was in Lushan country , a district of Ya'an . That area is home to China 's famous giant pandas and houses the country 's biggest panda research center . CCTV reported that the pandas at the facility , which is about 40 kilometers  about 25 miles  from the epicenter , were safe . Residents of Chongqing , a sprawling metropolis more than 300 kilometers  about 190 miles  from Ya'an , said the quake also shook buildings there . Are you there ? Send your iReports CNN 's Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong , and Steven Jiang reported from Beijing . CNN 's Feng Ke in Beijing and Henry Hanks in Atlanta contributed to this report .	NEW : The number of dead climbs to 180 , authorities say About 6,700 people are reported to have been injured Chinese Premier Li Keqiang travels to the area The quake struck about 70 miles from the city of Chengdu in Sichuan
Baghdad  CNN  -- The commemoration of Ashura , arguably the holiest day on the Shiite Muslim calendar , passed without significant violence in Iraq Sunday . The peace was a marked contrast to the last eight years in which hundreds of people died in sectarian attacks . The period commemorates the martyrdom of Hussein , the grandson of the Prophet Mohammed , who was killed in battle in Karbala in 680 A.D. . His death was one of the events that helped create the schism between Sunnis and Shiites , the two main Muslim religious movements . Iraqi troops and police were deployed in the streets of Baghdad and Karbala , a holy Shiite city where 2 million Shiite pilgrims from across Iraq converged for the festival over the weekend . No attacks against Shiite pilgrims were reported in Baghdad and Karbala in the last several days , police officials in both cities told CNN . Abut 30,000 security members from the army and police were on duty in and around Karbala , establishing four rings of security around the holy shrine of Imam Hussein . More than 200 female security workers were placed at checkpoints to search women passing through , Karbala police said . Pilgrims chanted , beat their breasts in penance , cut themselves with daggers or swords and whipped themselves in synchronized movements from Saturday through Sunday morning . Most people in Iraq are Shiites , and the commemoration of Ashura was almost banned under Saddam Hussein , a Sunni . The first public Ashura demonstrations in Karbala after his fall , in 2004 , came under attack by Sunni extremists . In 2005 nearly a thousand Shiite pilgrims died in a stampede over a Baghdad bridge triggered by a rumor that a suicide bomber was among them . Shiites gained the upper hand politically after Hussein was overthrown by a U.S.-led invasion in 2003 . Sunnis felt disenfranchised amid that political backdrop , and many backed insurgent actions against the government . As a result , Sunni-Shiite violence exploded in the early 2000s . While full-blown sectarian violence had ebbed by the end of the Iraq War , Sunni extremists continued to launch attacks against Shiite pilgrims over the years . Paris Hilton stirs up a storm in Mecca Iraq and Afghan vets win in U.S. elections	No attacks against Shiite pilgrims reported in the last several days , police say Peace is a marked contrast to last 8 years of Ashura attacks Ashura marks martyrdom of Hussein , the grandson of the Prophet Mohammed Nearly a thousand pilgrims died in a Baghdad bridge stampede in 2005
CNN  -- They chased tornadoes not so much for the thrill , but in the hope that their research might help people avoid the fate to which they succumbed last week . Veteran storm chaser Tim Samaras , 54 ; his chase partner of a decade , Carl Young , 45 ; and Samaras ' son , Paul Samaras , 24 , a photographer , died Friday in an EF-3 tornado in El Reno , Oklahoma . Crews hauled away their white truck Sunday . It had been crushed like a tin can , its metal frame violently twisted and its windows smashed . Tim Samaras ' brother , Jim Samaras , said he was stunned to learn of his brother 's death , simply because Tim Samaras was so well-versed in the ways of tornadoes . Storm chasing : Science , thrill-seeking or tourism ? "  I just could n't ever think it would ever happen to him because of his level of expertise , years of doing this , " the brother said . "  If I had to have a way for my brother to die , it would be doing what he did -- chasing tornadoes . " Tim Samaras , whose team 's work was featured on the Discovery Channel 's "  Storm Chasers , " had been on twisters ' trails for more than a quarter-century , and The Weather Channel described him as a self-taught forecaster and engineer who developed much of the equipment he used to measure storms . "  He was a pioneer in terms of making surface measurements inside of tornadoes . He was always at the forefront of tornado measurements , " said the channel 's severe weather expert , Greg Forbes , who further described the elder Samaras as an "  amazing scientist . " Tim Samaras told The Weather Channel years ago that he caught the engineering bug as a kid dismantling his mother 's appliances -- "  blenders , toasters , television sets , you name it " -- and reassembling them . Yet he was no one-trick pony . He had a penchant for studying high-speed camera imaging , lightning and explosions . Per the latter , he participated in the investigations of the crash of TWA Flight 800 and of the Oklahoma City bombing . Per the former , his son in December posted a photo of a tornado on the horizon , an unpaved rural road buttressed by farmland in the foreground . "  As much as he denies it , my dad does have an artistic side , " Paul Samaras wrote on Facebook , garnering 115 likes . Tim Samaras also co-authored the book "  Tornado Hunter , " held a patent for a thermal imaging system for internal combustion engines and had a patent pending for a "  new , 3-dimensional windspeed measurement , " according to a copy of his resume posted at TWISTEX , a company he founded to learn more about tornadoes with the goal of increasing public warning times . Carl Young had been heading out with Tim Samaras since 2003 , according to his Discovery Channel biography . A native Californian who had worked on Hollywood film crews up until 2000 , he began chasing storms as part of a two-month adventure to catch glimpses of the storms along the Great Plains . "  Experiencing the raw force of nature in Nebraska was unlike any pyrotechnic display on a high-tech Hollywood set ! " the bio says . "  This inspiration led Carl to the study of tornado dynamics and ultimately a masters degree in atmospheric science from the University of Nevada , Reno . " At a meteorological conference , Tim Samaras encouraged Young to gather data from inside tornadoes for his thesis , and a partnership was born . The pair would go on to track more than 125 tornadoes . "  Carl 's finest moment came on June 11 , 2004 , near Storm Lake , Iowa . Working with Tim , they defied the odds and deployed their probes right in the path of a tornado , " according to the Discovery Channel . "  The six-camera video probe captured amazing footage from multiple angles while the sensor probe recorded data that revealed just how fast wind speeds are close to the ground . " Tornadoes rip through heartland again : How to help Paul Samaras had recently started joining his dad on chases . In a National Geographic interview last month , ahead of a trip father and son would take together , Tim Samaras said Paul was becoming "  quite a talented videographer " and joked about how well his team members got to know each other during their days-long pursuits . "  You spend three or four days in a vehicle , it develops a certain scent . After a three - to four-day trip , we 've got a lot of knowledge of each other and what 's going on in our lives , " he said . "  Fortunately , our group gets along really well . That 's the secret -- you need people who are compatible . And of course , showering regularly is a good thing , too . " Paul Samaras "  loved being out with his Dad , " his sisters and mother said in a statement . "  He had a true gift for photography and a love of storms like his Dad . They made a special team . " Fellow storm chaser Tony Laubach said on Facebook that he and his colleagues were often impressed with Paul Samaras ' work from behind the camera . He and another storm chaser , Ed Grubb , "  would always laugh cause we 'd take great shots then see Paul 's , and just shake our heads cause he just had the talent . " "  Paul was goofy , and it was fun to watch him grow over the years . He was so quiet in the early times , and watch him become someone who could capture a moment so vividly . He shot one of the most amazing tornado photos I have ever seen hanging out the window of my mesonet car in Oklahoma back in 2011 , " Laubach wrote on his Facebook page , referring to the meteorological monitoring network known as a mesonet . "  He was quirky , fun , and just so easy going . He always  rode  along with Ed and I during our missions , and you could count on him to make them all memorable . " The Samarases and Young fell victim to particularly unpredictable storm , even for a tornado . Not only does a preliminary National Weather Service rating peg its winds at more than 136 mph , many reports indicate it took a sudden left-hand turn along its path , about 30 miles west of Oklahoma City . Photos from a professional storm chaser "  It was a wobbler . And it was big , " CNN meteorologist Chad Myers said . "  I think the left-hand turn made a big difference on how this thing was chased as well and why people were killed and why people were injured in their vehicles . " Mike Bettes , an anchor and meteorologist for The Weather Channel , felt the storm 's ferocity when it picked up his crew 's truck and tossed it 200 yards into a field . Bettes said the incident , the most frightening moment of his life , unfolded in slow motion , "  especially when we were floating ... I kind of felt like I was being lifted to heaven or something . " "  I think this was just an erratic tornado . I think the size of it and the speed of it changed very , very quickly , " he told CNN on Sunday . "  I think the direction of movement changed quickly . And I think there were a lot of people out there that , you know , ended up getting stuck in positions we did n't want to be in . " Bettes and his crew fared far better than Tim Samaras ' team . One member had a broken backbone , rib and breastbone , while the rest suffered scratches and bruises . In its April 2004 edition , National Geographic chronicled how Samaras and his team drove directly into a tornado 's path at a moment 's notice . They used a van carrying six probes called turtles , which are 45-pound metal disks resembling flying saucers . Opinion : Why we chase storms "  Through embedded sensors , the probes can measure a tornado 's wind speed and direction , barometric pressure , humidity , and temperature , " the magazine wrote . "  Samaras 's mission , and his passion , is to plant them in the path of the funnel . His hope is that both he and the instruments survive . " The website for TWISTEX , which stands for Tactical Weather Instrumented Sampling in Tornadoes Experiment , says Tim Samaras in June 2003 secured a pressure drop measurement in a violent South Dakota tornado that has never been matched . Samaras had received 18 grants from the National Geographic Society for his research , said Terry Garcia , the organization 's executive vice president of missions . In a written statement , he described Samaras ' studies of lightning as "  pioneering . " "  Tim was a courageous and brilliant scientist who fearlessly pursued tornadoes and lightning in the field in an effort to better understand these phenomena , " he said . Their tornado-chasing work may sound like cowboy stuff , but the trio 's colleagues say they were professionals who operated with the utmost care . CNN 's Myers , who also covered Friday 's storm in Oklahoma , said Tim Samaras was known for his attention to safety . "  There 's just no one safer than Tim . Tim , he would never put himself in danger , " Myers said . "  He certainly would n't put his son in danger . " Myers also emphasized that Tim Samaras was in an upper echelon among his forecasting and storm-chasing brethren . "  We all know that this is difficult and dangerous and sometimes things go wrong . But I think to portray Tim as just a chaser out for a thrill is just the wrong thing , " Myers said . "  I just want people to know that Tim was a scientist . He was out there to put probes out there . He was out there to learn and understand and to make science more understandable . ... We all go out there and we try to protect the public , but Tim was even one step higher . " Doug Kiesling , a videographer who chases storms and calls himself The Weather Paparazzi , said the three men were more than storm chasers . "  They 're researchers , " he said . "  This thing is really shaking up everyone in the chasing community , " he said . "  We knew this day would happen someday , but nobody would imagine that it would happen to Tim . Tim was one of the safest people to go out there . ... He 's had close calls , but he 's always had an escape route . " "  Storm Chasers " aired for five years on the Discovery Channel . Its last season was in the fall of 2011 . The network expressed condolences in a statement Sunday . "  We are deeply saddened by the loss of Carl Young , Tim Samaras and his son . Our thoughts and prayers go out to their families , " it said . CNN 's Dave Alsup , Janet DiGiacomo , David Ruff , Stan Wilson , Nadia Bilchik , John Branch and Josh Levs contributed to this report .	Tornado chaser 's brother : "  I just could n't ever think it would ever happen to him " Tim and Paul Samaras and Carl Young were killed chasing a tornado on Friday night Paul Samaras , budding videographer , described as "  quirky , fun , and just so easy going " Carl Young worked on Hollywood crews until 2000 adventure in Nebraska changed his path
Port-au-Prince , Haiti -- Horror has given way to acceptance ; it can be seen on people 's faces . But desperation surfaces everywhere : In the rubble still strewn about the streets , in the steadily rising piles of garbage , in the 1,300 makeshift camps that still house so many people . Four months on , the tragedy of the massive January 12 earthquake is fresh . Relief operations thwarted widespread hunger here and so far , there have been no reports of killer disease outbreaks . But Port-au-Prince is very much running in emergency mode . Still . No humanitarian worker will argue with that sad fact . Despite the efforts and good intentions of a host of foreigners and a government that got a wake-up call , progress has been timidly slow . The future has a different meaning now for Haitians such as Edline Pierre , who worries not about where to enroll her three daughters in school but how to get them up off the floor fast enough when the rains start falling . Haiti earthquake special She poured cement around her shack in the city 's central Champs de Mars plaza . But that does n't keep the water out or her girls safe at night . The future means getting through the night and when the sun comes back out , scrounging together a meal . On the streets , a bright spot : the sight of schoolchildren in uniforms . But only 700 of the 5,000 or so schools around the Haitian capital have opened . Some were destroyed ; others are occupied by the displaced . Another welcomed sight : Hundreds of street vendors , many of whom are women , sit under a rainbow of umbrellas to sell mangoes , plantains and coconuts . Or they display a collision of goods in one basket -- shoe polish , spaghetti , shampoo , cigarettes and molasses . These are snippets of life as it was once , before that fatal day . Give us work -- not handouts In the aftermath of what most Haitians refer to as "  the catastrophe , " people asked for food . They patiently lined up for hours to receive a sack of rice , a quart of oil . The lines are gone , along with the massive aid drops . International agencies are wary that too much help could stymie the local economy . Now the two million Haitians living in squalid makeshift camps -- and countless others living in the homes of generous family and friends -- need jobs . They do n't want handouts ; they just want money so they can feed themselves . "  We are willing to work -- work hard -- for money , but we need jobs , " said Joseph Cangas , a coordinator at a new camp in Corail . Some earn a few dollars here and there through work-for-cash programs . They clear debris off the streets or clean latrines in the camps . These are hardly high-quality jobs , but being employed anywhere will earn you envy . More than 100,000 Haitians found work this way . But that 's only a sliver of the population . Almost four million people live in Port-au-Prince , a city designed for 250,000 . Haitians lived in congested neighborhoods and shanties before the quake . Imagine those conditions compounded -- a family of six eating , sitting and sleeping in a space that 's hardly bigger than the sofa in your den . When home is a place of last resort To shield people from the potential danger of the rainy season , aid agencies have started building transitional homes and have relocated thousands to new camps on the city 's perimeter . Almost 5,000 went to Corail , a stark place that evokes images of a military base in the Iraqi desert . Void of trees , the tropical sun beats down hard , and soaring temperatures make furnaces of the tents . It 's not a place residents say they would choose . But this is where the government had access to land , so this is where people were brought to ride out the rains . Here , at least , they are not at risk of being washed away by torrents of water or in mudslides down steep , denuded hills . Corail has its own problems . It 's far from the city , and it can cost a camp resident an astronomical $ 1.25 to take tap-taps , the colorful shared taxis , to central Port-au-Prince . No one at Corail could afford that journey . But they said they had to figure out a way to go where the jobs were . "  We help each other . We share food , " said Cangas , the camp coordinator . "  But the situation is getting more tense . People have nothing so they resort to stealing sometimes . " He complained about the lack of services and schools at Corail . But aid agencies do n't want people to get too comfortable here . Eventually , people have to try and regain their livelihoods in the neighborhoods where they were established . "  You want people to go home , " said Mark Turner , spokesman for the International Organization for Migration . "  The last resort is a place like Corail . " Turner said camp managers have been asking Haiti 's homeless this question : What will it take for you to move out of a camp ? The answers are varied , and the problems are n't easily resolved . Not even the safe places feel safe All over the city , buildings are being marked green , yellow and red . Some already say : "  To demolish . " But even after an engineer has marked a home green for "  safe , " people are reluctant to return . The United Nations estimates only 9 percent of those with green houses have gone back . What if there is another earthquake ? Gerald-Emile Brun , an architect working with the government on relocation , said incentives for people to go home -- $ 50 and a few provisions -- are being created . But so far , nothing has been doled out . For many , Brun recognized , it 's impossible to go back to the spot where their house once stood because there is no place to dispose of the rubble . In this city of renters , landlords are refusing to accept people who can not pay the back rent for the four months they have been gone . Many of the displaced can no longer even afford the monthly amount they were paying before . And as time marches on , many landowners want to evict displaced people so the buildings can be used as intended . What if your child could not go to school because the classrooms were occupied by the homeless ? What if you were homeless and had no place to shelter your children except at the neighborhood school ? It 's a tough call , especially for humanitarian workers who do n't believe in forced evictions . But at the same time , Turner said , "  we recognize the landowners have legitimate concerns . " These are municipal issues that will have to be dealt with by the local government , Turner said . But it wo n't be easy . Ask Jacques Pablito Chardavoire , who helps manage a camp in front of the city 's main cathedral . Chardavoire 's response was simple but to the point : Why would you leave an encampment that offers you a toilet , a shower , emergency food rations and , yes , even an outdoor movie screen when you have no place to go and no money in your pockets ? He said almost 2,000 people were resettled in February from Champs de Mars to the cathedral . But within days , that many more people from elsewhere had flocked to Champ de Mars . "  Every time we move people , more come because they need services , " he said . Much is shattered , but not hope Haitians , who have lived through political turmoil , extreme violence and grinding poverty , will tell you the earthquake was the worst experience of their lives . Whether a new city can rise from the rubble of Port-au-Prince remains in question , though Haitians are hopeful something good must come out of an event this tragic . They have to be . They have nothing left but hope . And faith . That 's why if you peek down lanes on a steamy afternoon , you 'll see a gathering of people under a tent , their arms stretched skyward , their eyes closed . And you 'll hear the Lord 's Prayer . You 'll hear it , too , every Sunday morning , before the sun gets hot , at Notre Dame , the main cathedral in Port-au-Prince . The building is shattered , but not the congregation 's faith . They still come to the place where , every week , they are re-energized by their belief in Christ . Several Haitians said they feared the world 's goodwill would quickly fade now that the throngs of media have left and the spotlight has turned elsewhere . Edna Dunrod was one of them . She worried she was forgotten , lying on a smelly mattress under three tattered bed sheets that serve as a roof in the Champs de Mars tent city . Last month , she gave birth to Marvins , asleep in a plastic tub under a foldable umbrella . Life with a newborn in this congested camp , she said , was unbearable . "  I want to go somewhere else , " she said . But where , she worried . And who would help her reclaim her life ?	Four months after massive quake , progress in Haiti is painfully slow People are afraid to return to their homes , even if they 've been deemed safe Life in camps is difficult , but for many , it 's the best option they have Despite their tremendous suffering , many Haitians hang onto the hope of a better future
CNN  -- A heavy gust of wind blew away inflatable bounce houses with children inside at a New York soccer event , leaving 13 people injured , authorities said late Saturday . The Oceanside United Soccer Club in Long Island was hosting a tournament Saturday afternoon when three bounce houses started floating away , said Eric Evensen , a Nassau County police officer . "  As children were inside , a heavy gust of wind blew across the field , raising them off the ground and sending them airborne , " he said . "  Once they hit the ground , they began rolling and struck several people on the ground . " Lara Rhatigan said she was about to enter a ride when her neck got hooked by a rope connected to a bounce house . "  The wind blew everything down , " she told CNN affiliate News 12 Long Island . "  It felt like someone was grabbing my neck and they were dragging me . " Her mother was getting hot dogs at the time , and turned around to see the houses floating away . "  I could n't believe it . It was like something out of a movie , " Marianna Rhatigan told the affiliate . The 13 people were treated for minor injuries at local hospitals , according to authorities . "  I do n't think there 'll be any criminal charges , but I 'm sure there could be some civil , " Evensen said .	Three bounce houses float away at a soccer tournament in New York Thirteen people suffer minor injuries "  It was like something out of a movie , " Marianna Rhatigan says
CNN  -- The wife of a minister in India has died after a public controversy in which she reportedly accused her husband of having an affair with a Pakistani journalist , authorities said . Delhi Police spokesman Rajan Bhagat confirmed Friday that Sunanda Pushkar , wife of Minister Shashi Tharoor , has died , but he could n't confirm a cause of death until a postmortem examination is conducted . Her death comes just days after CNN-IBN and other Indian media reported that she had hacked into her husband 's Twitter account and tweeted that he was having an affair with a Pakistani journalist . That journalist , Mehr Tarar , however , dismissed the affair allegation in an article on the New Delhi Television website . On Thursday , a day before Pushkar 's death was revealed , Tarar described Pushkar 's purported tweets as "  wild allegations . " "  Her tweets to me are so crazy that all I can do is laugh , " Tarar said . After Pushkar 's death was announced , Tarar expressed shock on her Twitter account on Friday . "  I just woke up and read this . I 'm absolutely shocked . This is too awful for words . So tragic I do n't know what to say . Rest in peace , Sunanda , " Tarar tweeted . Tarar spoke to CNN Friday , expressing grief and sorrow over Pushkar 's death . "  I have been up the whole night , frozen in one spot , unable to eat or even have a sip of water , " Tarar said . "  She had a Twitter fight with me , and then she died . I did n't even get a chance to call her up , and clear the air , " she added . "  She seemed larger than life , always smiling , and the manner in which she died would haunt me for a long , long time . " Tarar also said the allegations of an affair were false . "  I had met the minister twice in my entire life and always in the presence of other people , " Tarar said . "  We were in touch until June and then it was reduced to an e-mail or two in weeks . " Pushkar , a businesswoman from Dubai , and Tharoor married in 2010 . The couple was active in New Delhi 's glamorous social circles . On Thursday , Pushkar and Tharoor issued a statement , saying they were "  happily married , " but that Pushkar had been hospitalized this week and was resting . "  We are distressed by the unseemly controversy that has arisen about some unauthorised tweets from our Twitter accounts , " the couple said in the statement , which was linked to Tharoor 's Twitter page . "  Various distorted accounts of comments allegedly made by Sunanda have appeared in the press . It appears that some personal and private comments responding to these unauthorised tweets -- comments that were not intended for publication -- have been misrepresented and led to some erroneous conclusions , " the couple said . On Pushkar 's Twitter account Wednesday , a tweet accused Tarar of stalking Pushkar 's husband : " @MehrTarar leave us Indians alone and stop talking to my huband and pleading with him its digrading respect youself  sic  as a woman . " Another of the tweets purportedly from Pushkar said : " @MehrTarar the audacity of a woman desperaely  sic  in love with an Indian ` please shashi dont make me go i pleaded and begged i love u Shashi . ' " CNN-IBN reported that Pushkar died in her room in a five-star hotel in New Delhi . The couple were staying at the hotel for a few days , said Abhinab Kumar , an aide to Tharoor . Tharoor is an Indian minister for human resource and development and a member of parliament . He is also the former minister of state for external affairs and former United Nations under-secretary-general . CNN 's Sumnima Udas and Jessica King contributed to this report .	NEW : Pakistani journalist : "  I met the minister twice in my entire life " Pakistani journalist denies having affair and is shocked at death Sunanda Pushkar , wife of Minister Shashi Tharoor , is dead , police say She had publicly accused her husband of adultery with the Pakistani journalist
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- France 's President Nicolas Sarkozy made a landmark visit to Haiti Wednesday , announcing more than $ 100 million of additional aid to the former French colony where 212,000 people were killed by an earthquake five weeks ago . Sarkozy is the first French president ever to visit the country which has in the past demanded huge reparations from France to compensate for slavery-era exploitation before Haitian independence two centuries ago He told a news conference that an extra $ 100 million  $ 136 million  was being made available to help reconstruction efforts , bringing France 's contribution to the the aid effort to $ 320 million . Sarkozy was scheduled to meet with Haitian President Rene Preval and Prime Minister Jean-Max Bellerive and take a helicopter tour of earthquake-devastated zones , Sarkozy 's office said . He also planned to tour a French Civil Security hospital and meet with French teams and injured Haitians , his office said . He planned to meet members of the government involved in reconstruction and members of the United Nations mission in Haiti . Sarkozy 's trip was scheduled to last less than five hours , after which he planned to go to the French island of Martinique for an overnight stay . Thursday , Sarkozy planned to visit French Guiana on South America 's northeastern coast before returning home , his office said . Sarkozy is the first European head of state to visit Haiti since the January 12 earthquake , Agence France-Presse reported . France has had close cultural ties with its former colony since independence , but diplomatic relations have sometimes been fraught , with Paris occasionally expressing concerns over instability in the Caribbean nation . In 2004 , France called for the resignation of then president Jean Bertrand Arstide , who was subsequently ousted in a 2004 rebellion , after his government demanded that France pay $ 21 billion in reparations .	Sarkozy expected to meet Haiti 's president and prime minister on flying visit French leader is also expected to announce major aid plan for Haiti Sarkozy is first European head of state to visit Haiti since quake
CNN  -- China had cause for a double celebration on Saturday after winning their first ever swimming gold medal as well as setting a new world record in the women 's 400m medley . Sun Yang sealed a place in China 's Olympic history with an impressive swim in the 400m freestyle final that was only 0.07 seconds off the world record to take gold . Defending Olympic champion Park Ta-Hwan was leading at the final turn , but the 20-year-old Sun surged past his South Korean rival in the final length to seal a place in Chinese Olympic history . "  The feeling is very nice , it 's beautiful . It 's a big dream come true for me , " said Sun . "  Because it 's the Olympic Games , I felt a little bit nervous at the start , and then at the end , I felt that I could get a medal . " Twenty minutes after Yang won China 's maiden gold medal , 16-year-old Ye Shiwen triumphed in the women 's 400m medley , as well as breaking the world record set in Beijing four years ago . Ye rounded off a sparkling day in the pool for China as she claimed the title with a breathtaking final lap of 28.93 seconds . "  I thought at the 200 meters that the race was lost , but then I realized I was in the top two or three and I was confident I could win on the last leg , " said Ye . "  I dreamed of winning the gold medal , but I never ever expected to break a world record , I 'm overwhelmed . "	China claims first ever Olympic swimming gold in men 's events Sun Yang 0.07 off world record as he claims 400m freestyle title 16 year old Ye Shiwen claims second Chinese swimming gold in 400m medley Ye breaks four-year-old world record
CNN  -- Neil Armstrong , the American astronaut who made "  one giant leap for mankind " when he became the first man to walk on the moon , died Saturday . He was 82 . "  We are heartbroken to share the news that Neil Armstrong has passed away following complications resulting from cardiovascular procedures , " Armstrong 's family said in a statement . Armstrong underwent heart surgery this month . "  While we mourn the loss of a very good man , we also celebrate his remarkable life and hope that it serves as an example to young people around the world to work hard to make their dreams come true , to be willing to explore and push the limits , and to selflessly serve a cause greater than themselves , " his family said . Armstrong gives rare interview to Australian accountant Armstrong died Saturday in Cincinnati , Ohio , according to a NASA spokesman . The agency 's administrator put the death in perspective . "  As long as there are history books , Neil Armstrong will be included in them , " said Charles Bolden . "  As we enter this next era of space exploration , we do so standing on the shoulders of Neil Armstrong . We mourn the passing of a friend , fellow astronaut and true American hero . " Armstrong took two trips into space . He made his first journey in 1966 as commander of the Gemini 8 mission , which nearly ended in disaster . Armstrong kept his cool and brought the spacecraft home safely after a thruster rocket malfunctioned and caused it to spin wildly out of control . During his next space trip in July 1969 , Armstrong and fellow astronauts Buzz Aldrin and Michael Collins blasted off in Apollo 11 on a nearly 250,000-mile journey to the moon that went down in the history books . It took them four days to reach their destination . Time : Life up close with Apollo 11 The world watched and waited as the lunar module "  Eagle " separated from the command module and began its descent . Then came the words from Armstrong : "  Tranquility Base here , the Eagle has landed . " About six and a half hours later at 10:56 p.m. ET on July 20 , 1969 , Armstrong , at age 38 , became the first person to set foot on the moon . He uttered the now-famous phrase : "  That 's one small step for  a  man , one giant leap for mankind . " The quote was originally recorded without the "  a , " which was picked up by voice recognition software many years later . Armstrong was on the moon 's surface for two hours and 32 minutes and Aldrin , who followed him , spent about 15 minutes less than that . The two astronauts set up an American flag , scooped up moon rocks and set up scientific experiments before returning to the main spacecraft . All three returned home to a hero 's welcome , and none ever returned to space . The moon landing was a major victory for the United States , which at the height of the Cold War in 1961 committed itself to landing a man on the moon and returning him safely before the decade was out . It was also a defining moment for the world . The launch and landing were broadcast on live TV and countless people watched in amazement as Armstrong walked on the moon . "  I remember very clearly being an 8-year-old kid and watching the TV ... I remember even as a kid thinking , ` Wow , the world just changed , ' " said astronaut Leroy Chiao . "  And then hours later watching Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin take the very first step of any humans on another planetary body . That kind of flipped the switch for me in my head . I said , ` That 's what I want to do , I want to be an astronaut . ' " Tributes to Armstrong -- who received the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1969 , the highest award offered to a U.S. civilian -- poured in as word of his death spread . The untold story of Apollo 11 "  Neil was among the greatest of American heroes -- not just of his time , but of all time , " said President Barack Obama . "  When he and his fellow crew members lifted off aboard Apollo 11 in 1969 , they carried with them the aspirations of an entire nation . They set out to show the world that the American spirit can see beyond what seems unimaginable -- that with enough drive and ingenuity , anything is possible . " Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney said the former astronaut "  today takes his place in the hall of heroes . With courage unmeasured and unbounded love for his country , he walked where man had never walked before . The moon will miss its first son of earth . " House Speaker John Boehner , from Ohio , said : "  A true hero has returned to the Heavens to which he once flew . Neil Armstrong blazed trails not just for America , but for all of mankind . He inspired generations of boys and girls worldwide not just through his monumental feat , but with the humility and grace with which he carried himself to the end . " Armstrong was born in Wapakoneta , Ohio , on August 5 , 1930 . He was interested in flying even as a young boy , earning his pilot 's license at age 16 . Armstrong 's one small step resonated for all mankind Armstrong studied aeronautical engineering and earned degrees from Purdue University and University of Southern California . He served in the Navy , and flew 78 combat missions during the Korean War . "  He was the best , and I will miss him terribly , " said Collins , the Apollo 11 command module pilot . After his historic mission to the moon , Armstrong worked for NASA , coordinating and managing the administration 's research and technology work . In 1971 , he resigned from NASA and taught engineering at the University of Cincinnati for nearly a decade . While many people are quick to cash in on their 15 minutes of fame , Armstrong largely avoided the public spotlight and chose to lead a quiet , private life with his wife and children . "  He was really an engineer 's engineer -- a modest man who was always uncomfortable in his singular role as the first person to set foot on the moon . He understood and appreciated the historic consequences of it and yet was never fully willing to embrace it . He was modest to the point of reclusive . You could call him the J.D. Salinger of the astronaut corps , " said Miles O'Brien , an aviation expert with PBS ' Newshour , formerly of CNN . "  He was a quiet , engaging , wonderful from the Midwest kind of guy . ... But when it came to the public exposure that was associated with this amazing accomplishment ... he ran from it . And part of it was he felt as if this was an accomplishment of many thousands of people . And it was . He took the lion 's share of the credit and he felt uncomfortable with that , " said O'Brien . But Armstrong always recognized -- in a humble manner -- the importance of what he had accomplished . "  Looking back , we were really very privileged to live in that thin slice of history where we changed how man looks at himself and what he might become and where he might go , " Armstrong said . People we 've lost in 2012 : The lives they lived Share your tribute on CNN iReport CNN 's Tricia Escobedo and Fredericka Whitfield contributed to this report .	"  As long as there are history books , Neil Armstrong will be included in them , " NASA says Apollo 11 touched down on the moon on July 20 , 1969 "  That 's one small step for  a  man , one giant leap for mankind , " Armstrong famously said He largely avoided the public spotlight
Mental Floss  -- President-Elect Obama 's mother-in-law will be moving to Washington with the first family , at least temporarily , his transition team has confirmed . Marian Robinson will be the latest in a line of presidential in-laws who , for good or ill , lived under the same roof as the president . President Dwight Eisenhower and his mother-in-law , Elivera Doud , pose for pictures with some of the grandchildren . Here are four stories that confirm the old truism : While America can choose its president , the president ca n't choose his in-laws . 1 . Ulysses S. Grant and ` The Colonel ' You would think that the Civil War was settled at Appomattox , and no question of its outcome would have been raised in the White House of Ulysses S. Grant , who , after all , was the general who won the war . But you would be wrong , because living with Ulysses and Julia Grant was the president 's father-in-law . Colonel Frederick Dent  his rank seems to have been self-selected  was an unreconstructed Confederate , a St. Louis businessman and slaveholder who , when his daughter Julia went to the Executive Mansion early in 1869 , decided to relocate there as well . The Colonel did n't hesitate to make himself at home . When his daughter received guests , he sat in a chair just behind her , offering anyone within earshot unsolicited advice . Political and business figures alike got a dose of the Colonel 's mind as they waited to meet with President Grant . When the president 's father , Jesse Grant , came from Kentucky on one of his regular visits to Washington , the White House turned into a Civil War reenactment . According to "  First Families : The Impact of the White House on Their Lives " , by Bonnie Angelo , Jesse Grant preferred to stay in a hotel rather than sleep under the same roof as the Colonel . And when the two old partisans found themselves unavoidably sitting around the same table in the White House , they avoided direct negotiations by using Julia and her young son , named for the president 's father , as intermediaries , Betty Boyd Caroli writes in "  First Ladies " : "  In the presence of the elder Grant , Frederick Dent would instruct Julia to ` take better care of that old gentleman -LSB- Jesse Grant -RSB- . He is feeble and deaf as a post and yet you permit him to wander all over Washington alone . ' And Grant replied -LSB- to his grandson and namesake -RSB- , ` Did you hear him ? I hope I shall not live to become as old and infirm as your Grandfather Dent . ' " Mental Floss : 5 feisty first daughters The Colonel remained in the White House -- irascible and unrepentant -- until his death , at age 88 , in 1873 . 2 . Harry S Truman and the Mother-in-Law from Heck Harry Truman and Bess Wallace met as children . He was a farm boy ; she was the well-heeled granddaughter of Independence , Missouri 's Flour King . When they married in 1919 , Truman was a struggling haberdasher , and Bess 's mother , Madge Wallace , thought Bess had made a colossal social faux pas . Until she died in 1952 , Madge Wallace never changed her mind about Harry Truman . Her Bess had married way below her station . Madge had plenty of opportunities to let her son-in-law know it . The newlyweds moved into the Wallace mansion in Independence , and the three lived together under the same roof until the end of Madge 's life . When Harry Truman was elected senator , "  Mother Wallace , " as Truman judiciously called her , moved with her daughter and son-in-law to Washington . In the family 's apartment , she shared a bedroom with the Trumans ' daughter , Margaret . And when Truman became president , she moved with them into the White House , where she cast her cold eye on the new commander-in-chief . "  Why would Harry run against that nice Mr. Dewey ? " she wondered aloud , as Truman was fighting for his political life in the 1948 presidential race , according to "  First Mothers " by Bonnie Angelo . And when Truman fired Gen. Douglas MacArthur for insubordination , Mother Wallace was scandalized . "  Imagine a captain from the National Guard -LSB- Truman -RSB- telling off a West Point general ! " In December 1952 , shortly before Truman 's term ended , Madge Wallace died , at age 90 . For the 33 years they lived together , she never called her son-in-law anything but "  Mr. Truman " to his face . Mental Floss : Presidential siblings and the headaches they caused 3 . Dwight D. Eisenhower and the Mother-in-Law of the Year If Truman 's story sounds like the set-up for a film noir , his successor 's relationship with his mother-in-law might have been a Technicolor musical . Elivera Mathilda Carlson Doud , Mamie Eisenhower 's mother , was "  a witty woman with a tart tongue , " Time magazine wrote , and Dwight Eisenhower thought she was a hoot . "  She refuted every mother-in-law joke ever made , " Time wrote . There was no question that she would join her daughter and son-in-law in the White House . Ike called her "  Min , " the name of a character in the Andy Gump comic strip . Ike and Min "  constituted a mutual admiration society , and each took the other 's part whenever a family disagreement would arise , " said Eisenhower 's son , John . The New York Times observed , "  The president frequently looks around him sharply , and inquires , ` Where 's Min ? ' " Widowed shortly before Eisenhower became president , Min spent the winters in the White House and summers at her home in Denver . It was while visiting his mother-in-law 's home that Eisenhower suffered a heart attack in 1955 . Two years later , in failing health , Min returned permanently to Denver . She died in 1960 , at age 82 . 4 . Benjamin Harrison and the Reverend Doctor Benjamin Harrison 's father-in-law , John Witherspoon Scott , bore a double title : "  reverend doctor . " Scott was born in Pennsylvania in 1800 , did post-graduate work at Yale and took a professorship in mathematics and science at Miami University , in Ohio . He was also a Presbyterian minister and an outspoken abolitionist . The reverend doctor was rumored to have shielded runaway slaves in his home as a stop on the Underground Railroad . Whatever the truth , Miami University dismissed him for his anti-slavery beliefs . He accepted a post at Farmer 's College , a prep school in Cincinnati , where he became a mentor of a student named Benjamin Harrison . During his visits to the Scott home , Harrison became friendly with the reverend doctor 's daughter , Caroline . Young Harrison spent so many evenings at the Scotts ' home that he got the nickname "  the pious moonlight dude , " according to "  The Complete Book of the Presidents " by William A. DeGregorio . He and Caroline were married in 1853 at the bride 's house . The reverend doctor officiated . John Witherspoon Scott later became a clerk in the pension office of the interior department . He gave up the position when Harrison was elected president in 1888 . A widower since 1876 , Scott moved into the White House with his daughter and their family . It was the president 's custom to lead the family in a half-hour of Bible reading and prayer after breakfast , Anne Chieko Moore and Hester Anne Hale wrote in "  Benjamin Harrison : Centennial President . " When the president was absent , his father-in-law took his place . Caroline Harrison died in October 1892 , two weeks before her husband lost the presidential election . Her father died the next month , at age 92 . An obituary described John Witherspoon Scott as "  a man of wonderful physical vigor , tall , broad chested and well preserved mentally . " Mental Floss : The bizarre history of White House pets For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Several U.S. presidents had in-laws move into White House with them Pres. Truman 's mother-in-law scandalized by his firing of Gen. Douglas MacArthur Pres. Eisenhower and his mother-in-law had "  mutual admiration society " President Grant 's father-in-law gave his opinion freely at the White House
CNN  -- Darren Manzella saw two tours of duty in Iraq , first as a combat medic and later as a liaison officer . He earned three promotions in his six years as a U.S. Army sergeant . Despite his professional success , Manzella says he began to question his personal life . "  After returning from my first deployment in Iraq , after seeing death and violence , losing friends and comrades , it really made me look over my life , " he said . "  I looked at some issues I had always had trouble with . I had debated , ` Am I gay ? ' " As he struggled with his sexual identity , Manzella began a relationship with a man . Soon after , while in Texas between tours , Manzella said he began receiving anonymous , harassing e-mails and telephone calls . "  They told me , ` You are stupid , the Army is going to kick you out , but before they do , they are going to take your rank away and all your money away . ' " Manzella describes this time as one of fear and deep insecurity . "  I did n't know if the military police would be coming through the door to take me away because someone had reported me , " he said . "  This was some of the paranoia I was living with every day . " Manzella says that the e-mails and calls went on for months and that after many sleepless nights , he decided to ask his supervisor for help . "  He listened and was somewhat sympathetic , " Manzella said . "  He told me not to worry , to try and get some rest , to go home early and see him in the morning . " By the next morning , Manzella 's supervisor had reported him as having broken the law under "  do n't ask , do n't tell , " the 1993 policy that prohibits anyone who "  demonstrate  s  a propensity or intent to engage in homosexual acts " from serving in the U.S. military . Manzella said he was read his rights and told that he would be investigated , but that he could continue working . As the investigation proceeded , word spread that Manzella was gay . "  Ironically , it pulled the unit together . A lot of them started to invite me out , " Manzella said . "  My co-worker was getting married ; she told me that my boyfriend and I were invited to the wedding . It made me feel like I was more a part of the family . " After a month , Manzella said he was told that no proof of homosexuality had been found and that the investigation was being closed , even though he told his supervisor about his lifestyle . Manzella was hopeful . "  I thought it was a big step when they told me that they were going to retain me , " he said . In 2006 , Manzella 's unit was sent back to Iraq , and he served his 15-month deployment with his unit knowing he was gay . "  I could have pictures of my boyfriend out , I could talk freely on the phone without having to worry about someone overhearing me and reporting me , " he said . During his tour , Manzella was contacted by the Servicemembers Legal Defense Network , a national nonprofit offering legal assistance to those affected by do n't ask , do n't tell . SLDN told him that a television network was looking for a gay serviceman in a combat zone to tell his story . After weighing the risk of being discharged for speaking out publicly , Manzella agreed to the interview . He said he was motivated by the knowledge that he could give a voice to the gays , lesbians and bisexuals serving in the military -- a number estimated at 65,000 by the Palm Center at the University of California , Santa Barbara , which researches sexual minorities in the military . The network television segment aired a few days before Manzella returned from Iraq , and it seemed at first that his interview would not have consequences . He returned to the States , spent time with his family and even went to Capitol Hill to lobby against do n't ask , do n't tell . Manzella returned to duty at Fort Hood , Texas , in December 2007 and continued to serve for almost seven months . In the first week of March 2008 , he was given orders to report to Fort Drum , New York , to work at the military hospital there . A week later , he said , his company commander called him in . "  I was told I was going to be discharged under do n't ask , do n't tell , " he said . "  Up until that point , I had n't heard anything . I had lived openly for nearly two years . I thought that was a huge step forward , that finally people were being recognized on their performance and how well they served their country and their comrades and peers . " In June 2008 , Manzella received an honorable discharge . His discharge papers read "  homosexual conduct admission . " CNN contacted the Army for more details on the nature of Manzella 's discharge . Army spokesman Lt. Col. Christopher Garver of the Office of the Chief of Public Affairs said that under law , the military could not comment on or release details about Manzella 's discharge . Since do n't ask , do n't tell was introduced , the military has discharged more than 13,000 lesbians , gays and bisexuals , according to the Servicemembers Legal Defense Network . A 2005 government report found that about 800 of them had skills deemed "  critical , " such as engineering and linguistics , and that it cost the military about $ 200 million to recruit and train their replacements . Garver said the continued enforcement of do n't ask , do n't tell is simply a case of the Army enforcing the law . "  The Army enforces the homosexual conduct policy because it is the law , " he said . "  The policy is not a military policy , and the Army has a policy because it is bound by current statute . If the law were potentially to change , the Army would change to enforce whatever the law may be . "	Iraq vet Darren Manzella was discharged under "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy Manzella had told his supervisor about harassing calls , e-mails years earlier The sergeant served a second tour in Iraq while his unit knew he was gay Discharge came after a network TV interview as gay serviceman in combat zone
London  CNN  -- Yesterday brought the sad and perplexing news that Tony Scott , hugely successful British director of sleek , big-budget action films such as "  Crimson Tide " and "  Enemy of the State " had apparently taken his own life by jumping off Los Angeles ' Vincent Thomas bridge . It was a tragic end to a trailblazing career that took Scott on an amazing journey from modest , working-class beginnings in the northeast of England to the Hollywood A-list . He may never have received the recognition the Academy has bestowed upon his elder brother Ridley , but Tony was n't out to please the critics and he did n't have aspirations to make high-art . Instead he was a thrill-seeking adventurer who loved fast cars  he got into filmmaking upon his brother 's assurance that he would be able to buy a Ferrari within a year  and embraced the American way of life and filmmaking . Scott unapologetically specialized in action movies and , within his chosen genre , he was an undeniably accomplished figure . Official : Director Scott left notes in car , office Perhaps surprisingly for a director so associated with Hollywood blockbusters , it was the British Film Institute that launched both Tony and Ridley Scott 's filmmaking careers in the 1960s , via its production fund supporting experimental filmmaking . The BFI provided a grant for Ridley Scott 's debut short film "  Boy and Bicycle , " which starred a beaming 16-year-old Tony in the titular role , and subsequently helped fund the younger Scott 's first directorial forays : the short films "  One of the Missing " and "  Loving Memory . " From these early successes , Tony went on to direct hundreds of TV commercials for his brother 's production company , Ridley Scott Associates  RSA  . Here he became a master craftsman , developing the heightened visual style and preoccupation with surface aesthetics that would later become the hallmark of his feature films . Despite the film business ' historic disdain for the TV advertising industry , Tony and Ridley Scott were among the first to enter the world of filmmaking after directing commercials , forging a path that would later be followed by the likes of David Fincher and Duncan Jones . Since the mid-1980s , Tony Scott 's name has been synonymous with action films ; populist , high-octane adventures that found little favor with the critics but thrilled audiences and almost always delivered generous box-office returns . Working with producers Jerry Bruckheimer and Don Simpson on films such as "  Top Gun , " "  Beverley Hills Cop II , " and "  Days of Thunder , " Scott pioneered a new approach to the action film grounded in the glossy , heightened aesthetics and technical virtuosity of his TV commercials  a Saab advert had helped him secure the "  Top Gun " job  . Director Tony Scott : An appreciation Bursting at the seams with the muscular ideology of the Reagan era , these films eschewed emotional and dramatic realism in favour of bravura style , bombastic characters and escapist narratives . The approach proved box-office gold with "  Top Gun , " which became the highest grossing film of 1986 , taking $ 176 million , and helping Jerry Bruckheimer become one of the most successful producers of all time . The 1990s saw Scott embrace darker territory with the Mexico-set tale of adultery and murder , "  Revenge , " starring Kevin Costner , and the uncharacteristic road movie "  True Romance , " written by Quentin Tarantino and starring Christian Slater , Patricia Arquette and Dennis Hopper . Scott returned to big , loud , action movies with the apocalyptic submarine thriller "  Crimson Tide , " the first of five collaborations with actor Denzel Washington ; the pair would team up again for "  Man on Fire , " "  Deja Vu , " "  The Taking of Pelham 123 " and "  Unstoppable . " The latter , a commercial and critical success , would prove to be Tony Scott 's last film , although at the time of his death the endlessly busy director reportedly had numerous projects  including a rumored sequel to "  Top Gun "  in development . At 68 , one felt he still had several blockbusters left in him . His profound influence is felt in the glossy action movies of contemporary directors such as Michael Bay  "  Transformers "  and Joe Carnahan  "  The A-Team "  , whose success has followed in the wake of Scott 's creation of a new era-defining style of mainstream cinema . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of James Blackford .	Blackford : Tony Scott was a thrill-seeking adventurer and master craftsman Scott pioneered a new "  glossy " approach to the action film , says the film writer The British director took his own life on Sunday , jumping off a bridge in Los Angeles
CNN  -- Warm waters off Peru are to blame in the deaths of more than 5,000 marine birds on the coast , government authorities say . The Peruvian National Center for the Study of El Nino reported earlier this week that since February the Peruvian coast has had an abundance of warm water as a result of marine currents throughout the world 's oceans . The warm water has altered the marine ecosystem , it said . The warm water has led fish such as anchovy and other species that live in surface waters to migrate to deeper water toward the south . As a result , pelicans and other birds that feed from the surface of the water died of starvation . "  If these oceanographic conditions persist , it is likely that its impact will spread to other areas of the  Peruvian  coast even during the fall , which could make the numbers increase and affect other marine species " said the report . The ministry of environment said seafood is still safe to eat , and encouraged everyone to continue to support local fishermen , according to state-run Andina news agency . "  Marine resources are fully guaranteed , so we promote consumption and discard the speculation that some people or institutions disseminated irresponsibly , " said the deputy minister for strategic development of natural resources , Gabriel Quijandria . Andina reported that Quijandria also clarified the beach warning that had been issued by authorities last week . "  The health alert does not prohibit admission to the beaches , but people are advised to avoid contact with the remains of pelicans , dolphins and other animals that are stranded , " he said . Officials in Peru continue to search for the culprit in the death of almost 900 dolphins since the beginning of the year . The health ministry is awaiting final results from molecular analysis looking for the morbillivirus , which previously has been linked to dolphin deaths .	Warm waters off Peru have chased away fish , a national center studying El Nino says Surface-feeders like pelicans were left without a food supply People are told seafood and the beaches are safe
CNN  -- Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy met with Sudan 's wanted President Omar al-Bashir in Cairo on Sunday as the Egyptian government dismissed calls for the visiting leader 's arrest . The International Criminal Court has demanded al-Bashir 's arrest on charges of war crimes . The human rights group Amnesty International urged Egypt before the visit to either cancel the Sudanese leader or arrest him . But Morsy spokesman Yasser Ali told the state-run Middle East News Agency that Egypt is n't a member of the ICC , the permanent U.N. war-crimes tribunal . And he said Egypt is following the lead of the African Union , which has urged its members not to cooperate with the tribunal in seeking al-Bashir 's arrest . Al-Bashir landed in Cairo on Sunday for a two-day visit . His talks with Morsy included regional concerns as well as bread-and-butter issues like livestock imports , industrial development and water rights in the Nile River basin , Ali said . The ICC has called for al-Bashir 's arrest on 10 counts of genocide and crimes against humanity , accusing him of masterminding attempts to wipe out African tribes in the Sudanese territory of Darfur in a campaign of murder , rape and deportation . In a statement issued Friday , Amnesty warned Egypt would become "  a safe haven for alleged perpetrators of genocide " unless it took the Sudanese leader into custody . "  In his first address , President Morsy said that Egypt 's values and identity would uphold humanitarian values , especially in freedom and human rights . How can he now shake hands with a man wanted for genocide ? " asked Marek Marczynski , Amnesty 's campaign manager for international justice . In June , Malawi dropped plans to host an African Union summit because the organization wanted al-Bashir to attend . Malawi signed the Rome Statute that created the ICC , and President Joyce Banda said her country could n't welcome al-Bashir because of the warrant . CNN 's Amir Ahmed contributed to this report .	Sudan 's president has been accused of war crimes and genocide Amnesty International has called for his arrest during a visit to Egypt Egypt says it 's following African Union policy by ignoring an arrest warrant
CNN  -- Cristiano Ronaldo was crowned FIFA 's world player of the year in Zurich on Monday as Manchester United 's star winger completed a stunning trophy collection . Portuguese winger Ronaldo completed a stunning trophy collection when named World Player of the Year . Portugal international Ronaldo helped United win the Premier League , Champions League and world club championship titles in 2008 . Ronaldo also collected the European Player of the Year accolade and was voted number one by FIFPro , the worldwide players ' union . Now Ronaldo has seen off 2007 winner Kaka , of AC Milan , Spain Euro 2008 top scorer Fernando Torres of Liverpool and Barcelona stars Xavi and Lionel Messi . "  It 's another overwhelming moment in my career , " said 23-year-old Ronaldo who received the award from Brazilian legend Pele . "  It 's a tremendously emotional moment and a dream come true . I 'd like to dedicate this to my family . " Ronaldo also paid tribute to club manager Alex Ferguson who fought a very public battle with Real Madrid last summer when the Primera Liga giants attempted to lure the player to Spain . "  It 's also true that the manager always has an important role to play . It was a great season for me and for my club , and the coach was important for me because I learned a lot for him , " he said . "  His experience over so many years is of paramount importance -- it 's a privilege to have such a great club manager . "  This is the climax of a fantastic era for me . I 'm happy and proud about what has been done by my team and what we have won . "  I am lucky to to be part of the history of a club like Manchester United . " Messi led Argentina to the Olympic gold medal in August and Nou Camp teammate Xavi was named UEFA 's player of the tournament when Spain won Euro 2008 in June . Ronaldo 's 31 league goals in the 2007-08 season , and 42 in total , won him the European Golden Shoe as the continent 's top scorer . He is the first Premier League-based start to win FIFA 's top individual award while David Beckham and Thierry Henry , both twice , and Frank Lampard finished runners-up . The awards are voted for by the head coaches and captains of all countries . Olympic silver medalist Marta of Brazil was named the FIFA women 's player of the year for the third successive campaign .	Cristiano Ronaldo is crowned FIFA 's World Player of the Year in Zurich Ronaldo also collected the 2008 European Player of the Year accolade Portuguese star helps Man Utd win domestic , european and world titles
CNN  -- NASA scaled back operations on the International Space Station on Wednesday after discovering a problem with a cooling system . A pump on one of the station 's two external cooling loops shut down after hitting a temperature limit , NASA said . Teams worked to get the cooling loop back up and running , NASA said . Experts suspect a malfunctioning valve may have caused the problem , but they 're still trying to figure out how to fix it . The station and crew aboard were never in any danger , NASA said . Officials could determine that an emergency spacewalk is the best way to fix the failed pump -- something they 've done in the past . NASA said Thursday that there has been no decision on the spacewalk , and it may be a couple of days before the decision is made , according to Kenny Todd , the ISS mission management team chairman . The external cooling loops are systems that circulate ammonia outside the station to keep equipment cool . International Space Station Fast Facts Officials discovered the malfunctioning loop was producing too much ammonia Wednesday morning , NASA spokesman Josh Byerly said . Teams have shut down some noncritical systems on the station as a result of the problem , NASA said . The space station 's life support system is still up and running . The current mission of the space station , officially called Expedition 38 , is scheduled to go until March 2014 . The six-person crew consists of NASA astronauts Mike Hopkins and Rick Mastracchio of the United States ; Russians Mikhail Tyurin , Sergey Ryazanskiy and Oleg Kotov ; and Koichi Wakata of Japan . CNN 's Drew Iden contributed to this report .	NASA says the space station and crew were never in any danger A cooling pump shut down after hitting a temperature limit An emergency spacewalk could be necessary , but it 's too soon to tell
Washington  CNN  -- Last November , Hispanic voters planted the seeds for serious immigration reform when they backed President Barack Obama by a record margin . This April , we 'll see if those seeds can grow in Capitol Hill 's toxic partisan soil . Congress returns from spring break Monday , and immigration reform tops the agenda . The Senate 's bipartisan "  Gang of Eight " is preparing to release its long-awaited plan for resolving the status of 11 million undocumented men , women , and children now living in America 's shadows . Can a unique confluence of factors -- a Democratic president trying to build his legacy , a Republican Party grappling with new demographic realities -- overcome the usual strong bias for inaction in a sharply divided Congress ? The answer remains unclear . "  What we have now is not a 21st century legal immigration system , " GOP Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida , a key conservative at the heart of the talks , said back in January . "  We have an obligation and the need to address the reality of the situation that we face . " Who 's in the Gang of Eight ? The list includes Rubio ; Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina ; Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona ; Sen. Jeff Flake , R-Arizona ; Sen. Robert Menendez , D-New Jersey ; Sen. Dick Durbin , D-Illinois ; Sen. Michael Bennet , D-Colorado ; and Sen. Chuck Schumer , D-New York . Farm worker dispute holding up immigration bill Details of the Senate plan A source familiar with negotiations recently told CNN that the eight senators have tentatively reached agreement on some of the thorniest issues , including the establishment of a path to citizenship and the creation of a system to assess the state of border security . The Senate proposal could come "  in the next couple of weeks , " Graham said Sunday on NBC 's "  Meet the Press . " But McCain told reporters later Sunday morning that he still thinks "  it 's very likely " and "  very possible " to have it done by the end of the week . "  I 'm guardedly optimistic . I ca n't guarantee it . But we have literally almost all of the issues resolved , " he said . Specifically , the senators have agreed to a 13-year path to citizenship , the source said . It would take 10 years for undocumented workers to get a green card , and then another three years to gain citizenship . Along the way , undocumented workers would have to pay a fine and back taxes , and pass a background check . The size of the fine remains unclear . No undocumented worker would be eligible for citizenship until the border is considered secure . To measure border security , a commission would be created with the task of establishing and assessing a set of quantifiable criteria . The commission would be made up of officials named by state and federal leaders . Sides reach broad agreement on immigrant guest workers Disagreement over agricultural workers A sharp disagreement over the future treatment of undocumented workers on America 's farms , however , is currently holding up progress on the bill . The two key sticking points are wages and the number of visas to be granted to undocumented farm workers , two other sources close to the talks confirmed Friday . Four senators -- Rubio , Bennet , Utah Republican Orrin Hatch , and California Democrat Dianne Feinstein -- are trying to deal with the matter . "  It 's the one major unresolved issue , " one of the sources told CNN . The sources were unable to provide specifics in terms of the number of visas or wage levels under consideration . But generally speaking , agricultural businesses have an interest in more visas and lower wages . Labor leaders , in contrast , typically support fewer visas and higher wages . Saying there are a "  few little kerfuffles " to work out in the drafting of the legislation -- referring to the disagreement over agricultural workers -- Schumer told CNN on Sunday the senators have written "  most of the bill " and feel hopeful that they can announce a full agreement at the end of the week . "  We 've solved most of the issues , there are a few more to go , there are a few more today and tomorrow . I 'm very optimistic we 'll be able to solve those last few problems , " he said , declining to get into specifics . Language like ` illegal immigrant ' seen as a challenge Agreement on nonagricultural workers Business and labor leaders appear to have settled on a deal establishing a new immigrant guest worker program for nonagricultural workers . The compromise , according to another source , is the creation of a new "  W " visa for lesser-skilled workers not working in agriculture . Those workers would be allowed to enter the country based on labor market shortages , and could enter with the possibility of eventually applying for citizenship . The W visa would affect housekeepers , landscapers , retail workers and some construction workers , the source noted . The agreement does not address visas for high-skilled workers or family members . According to the AFL-CIO 's understanding of the agreement , the visa program would launch in April 2015 . The number of visas issued would never go below 20,000 per year and could rise as high as 200,000 annually , depending on employment levels . One third of the visas would be reserved for businesses that employ fewer than 25 people , while no more than 15,000 visas per year would go to construction workers , the AFL-CIO said . A new government department , the Bureau of Immigration and Labor Market Research , would determine specific industries with labor shortages and make recommendations to Congress . The agency would also play a role in setting an annual cap for W visas . The bureau would fall under the existing U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services , and its director would be appointed by the president and confirmed by Congress . "  The beauty of this program is that it rises and falls with the economy , " the AFL-CIO 's Ana Avendano recently told CNN . "  When the economy is booming , there will be more visas available for foreign workers . When it 's not , there wo n't be , and that 's something we 've never seen in the United States before . " Randy Johnson , senior vice president of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce , released a statement declaring the proposed new visa program "  a sound and workable program for the business community . " Immigration tops agenda as senators tour border Senate resistance The Gang of Eight may be ideologically diverse , but that does n't mean there wo n't be significant resistance to the plan once it 's released -- especially among wary conservatives . GOP base voters remain vehemently opposed to any plan which could be construed as amnesty for those who entered the country illegally . Liberal Democrats , meanwhile , remain concerned that conservatives will never agree the country 's southern border is secure , and will try to use that issue to continually deny citizenship to undocumented residents . In the Senate , Alabama Republican Jeff Sessions and others have repeatedly expressed the fear that Democratic leaders will try to ram the Gang of Eight 's plan through before other members have a chance to properly consider the bill . Top Democrats "  want Congress to pass a far-reaching bill before the American people know what 's in it , " Sessions said in a statement released April 2 . "  Now that the special interests have what they want , the deal has been made : Force it through and set the public interest aside . " Rubio has also said he 's worried the legislation may be rushed through Congress -- a concern some observers say reflects political necessities as the Florida freshman balances his role in immigration reform with possible presidential ambitions . Responding to GOP pressure to release details of the secretive Gang of Eight deliberations , Rubio promised Friday to brief his fellow Republican senators on Tuesday . "  This proposal will be a starting point , " Rubio wrote to four GOP colleagues . "  I expect you will have ample opportunity to review , comment , and amend as you see fit . " Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy , D-Vermont , who will oversee the committee-level markup of the bill once it 's released , has repeatedly dismissed Sessions ' and Rubio 's concerns . The Judiciary Committee "  has already held several widely-attended hearings to examine the urgent need for comprehensive immigration reform , " Leahy said in an April 2 statement . "  If we do not act quickly and decisively we will lose the opportunity we now have . " Leahy said he hopes for a final Senate vote by this summer . Immigration debate : High-stakes political poker A House alternative While most eyes are focused on the Senate , a bipartisan group of House members is working on its own version of immigration reform . Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio , told reporters last month that the members are "  essentially in agreement " on a plan to deal with the issue . The House members involved in the talks are Rep. Mario Diaz-Balart , R-Florida ; Rep. Sam Johnson , R-Texas ; Rep. John Carter , R-Texas ; Rep. Raul Labrador , R-Idaho ; Rep. Xavier Becerra , D-California ; Rep. Luis Gutierrez , D-Illinois ; Rep. Zoe Lofgren , D-California ; and Rep. John Yarmuth , D-Kentucky . The members of the House group have been reluctant to talk publicly about their bipartisan negotiations . Some of them have been working on the issue since Congress failed to get a deal done in 2007 . However , two members of the House "  Gang of Eight " sounded confident Sunday that their upcoming proposal will ultimately mesh well with the Senate 's proposal , despite expected battles over the issue in both chambers in the months ahead . "  I am very , very optimistic that the House of Representatives is going to have a plan that is going to be able to go to a conference with the Senate in which we 're going to be able to resolve differences , " Rep. Luis Gutierrez , D-Illinois , said on CNN 's "  State of the Union . " He was joined by his Republican colleague Rep. Mario Diaz-Balart of Florida . Asked if the House version would have a similar border security prerequisite , the two House members seemed less certain . "  You ca n't have a bill without border security . You just ca n't , " Diaz-Balart said . Pressed further on whether that provision would be a priority , Gutierrez said , "  I think we can do this simultaneously . " "  I think first thing we 're going to do is , we 're going to put people in a safe place . That is 11 million people , you can give them a work permit , Social Security card , driver 's license , " he added . "  And then the second part is the path to the green card , that permanent residency that leads to citizenship . " House members optimistic about immigration overhaul CNN 's Dana Bash , Deirdre Walsh , and Jessica Yellin contributed to this report	Senate negotiators are close to a comprehensive immigration reform deal One key sticking point is visas and wages for agricultural workers Despite the bipartisan talks , many conservatives remain skeptical The House is working on its own bipartisan plan
London  CNN  -- The salerooms of London were last week crammed with art and antiquities from across the Islamic world , as the city 's auction houses celebrated "  Islamic Week . " A growing interest in work from the region saw records fall for centuries-old pieces and contemporary creations alike . Auction houses Christie 's , Sotheby 's , Bonhams and Baldwin 's all held sales of Islamic artifacts , from ancient carvings to calligraphy , coins and carpets . The biggest record was set at Sotheby 's Orientalist Sale , where Russian painter Ivan Konstantinovich Aivazovsky 's "  View of Constantinople and the Bosphorus " sold for $ 5,215,556 last week -- far in excess of its pre-sale estimate of $ 1,943 , 530 . The work , completed in 1856 by Aivazovsky , who was official painter to the Russian admiralty , sparked a bidding war : a spokesman for the auctioneer said at least five would-be buyers had battled it out to own the piece . Last year , Sotheby 's set a new record for the sale of an Islamic artwork when an illustrated folio from the Shahnameh -- an epic Persian poem composed around 1,000 years ago -- sold for $ 12.2 million . Claude Piening , head of Sotheby 's Orientalist department , said his field -- works depicting Turkey and the Arab World -- "  has enjoyed robust growth over the past 10 years ... because of new interest from North Africa and the Middle East . " That time period has seen a "  perfect storm " of art collectors in the Middle East , according to Antonia Carver , director of Dubai-based art fair Art Dubai . Leading the way have been Gulf states like Abu Dhabi and Qatar and cities such as Beirut and Cairo , she says . Sotheby 's also saw a record price for a work by modern Turkish artist Nejad Melih Devrim , whose 1952 "  Abstract Composition " went under the hammer for $ 1,191,017 -- almost three times its pre-sale estimate . See Also : Modern art boom in Turkey At Christie 's , the proceeds of one of several Islamic and Indian themed sales will go to Oxford University 's Bodleian Library , to fund the creation of a research post in Sasanian  early Iranian  studies . Highlights of the "  works on paper " auction , all of which came from a single private collection , included sought-after items of calligraphy , such as a "  Mufradat " manuscript -- a work of exquisite calligraphy -- and several rare Qurans , as well as Indian miniatures and portraits . The sale raised more than $ 2.4 million . Baldwin 's sale included coins minted in Mecca , a rare glass weight for measuring silver , and the "  Magnus Princeps " bronze portrait medal of Ottoman sultan Sultan Mehmed II , who conquered Constantinople in 1453 . "  Mehmed II overthrew the Byzantine empire , " explained coin specialist Graham Byfield . "  There are only two or three contemporary portraits of him in the world -- this is the earliest of them , and it is thought to be unique . "	London 's auction houses hosted a week of sales dedicated to art of the Islamic world Paintings , pottery , sculpture , carpets and coins went under the hammer Experts say market for art showing Arab world has grown substantially over past decade
Editor 's note : Reed Dickens was White House assistant press secretary for President George W. Bush from 2001-2003 and worked with Scott McClellan almost three years . He 's the founder and CEO of Outside Eyes , a California-based communications firm . Former White House press secretary Scott McClellan wrote a tell-all book blasting the Bush administration . CNN  -- I worked with Scott McClellan in the West Wing for almost three years . Like most people , I liked Scott very much . But there is zero resemblance between the Scott I worked with and the person I have been watching this past week . None whatsoever . When I first heard about his book , "  What Happened : Inside the Bush White House and Washington 's Culture of Deception , " and read some of its excerpts , I tried to give Scott the benefit of the doubt and wait to read the book for myself . I mean , Scott McClellan is not some guy who met the president a few times and then decided to write a book , like another staffer did early on . This is a guy who had a great affection for the president , and that affection was mutual . As I read the book , I kept thinking I would come across evidence to back up the serious allegations Scott was making . I read more . I thought surely there will be some conversation that he claims to have overheard between adviser Karl Rove and President Bush , crafting some story to cover up the truth about Iraq or making the Iraq War sound political in nature . Or , maybe he witnessed some meeting , discovered a memo , or overheard a comment that confirmed his disillusionment . Still nothing . And then , I realized this book had no facts to support its ill-timed story . This book is false in premise , disappointing in substance and inappropriate in timing . First , the premise of the book is flawed for one major reason : This president placed some big bets on the table . For one , an attempt to reform the nation 's tragically flawed educational system , which has seen more and more money thrown into it to reward incompetence . For another , to go on the offense in a War on Terror after our nation had been in a dangerously naïve position for years . President Bush swung for the fence . The president 's efforts on these great issues of our time were not meant to be overnight solutions , but genuine efforts to change a faulty system or make us safer in the long term . You can not mistake short-term media coverage for history . We will not know for many years how some of these big bets will pay off . So , to presume failure , when there is in fact real progress -- economically , politically , and militarily in Iraq -- is arrogant , short-sighted , and most tragically , undermines the efforts of those making the sacrifice to make America safer for years to come . The timing of this book is very disappointing . It is an outright attempt to undermine the president that made Scott 's career and hurt those who served alongside him for years . Obviously , had Scott actually been disillusioned while he was in the West Wing -- that would have been the time to share it with those standing shoulder-to-shoulder with him . But this takes courage , and that is a lot to ask of a staffer . The other option would have been to share these newfound feelings years from now , after the dust is settled and the results from a very significant presidency are tallied . To use the platform that he was handed to poison the well from which he drank so freely is hypocritical at best . Scott was chosen by the president for his loyalty , not his communication prowess . And in a tough final year of one of the most-challenging and consequential presidencies in history , this book is quite a thank-you note . Over the last week , I have been asked two questions over and over . First , "  What do you think happened to Scott ? " And , the second , "  How does it make you feel ? " Both are tough questions to answer . But because I was traveling when the story broke , I was able to process both before being inundated with the opinions of so many others . As for what happened to the Scott we knew , I believe his is a classic case of what bitterness and an inability to forgive can do to you . While Scott had some valid disagreements with some of the other staff about the situation he was put in during the Valerie Plame case -- simmering for two years about it seemed to change him . And as for how I feel , well , it makes me sad that he forced the rest of us to choose between a friend that we respected and a president we love . I believe Scott 's judgment was clouded and his memory distorted during his effort to revise his personal history and -- as he states in the opening pages of the book -- find "  his own version of the truth . " I happen to believe there is just one version of the truth , and it is nowhere to be found in this book .	Reed Dickens worked with Scott McClellan for nearly three years in White House Dickens believes McClellan book is false , disappointing , badly timed Dickens : This is a classic case of what bitterness and being unforgiving can do
While immigration reform is stalled in Congress , some members are calling on President Barack Obama to take the matter into his own hands , urging him to suspend deportations of undocumented immigrants . Thirty Democratic members of Congress wrote in a letter that he has the authority to pause deportations of undocumented immigrants , urging "  the sensible and moral step of stopping deportations . " Read the letter "  In fact , taking a strong step toward granting relief would move us in the direction of where the immigration debate rightfully should start , with the legalization of eleven million men and women who call the United States their home , " the letter states . The lawmakers are the most prominent of a growing chorus calling on Obama to use his executive authority to exercise "  prosecutorial discretion " to suspend deportations of undocumented immigrants . The issue catapulted to prominence last week when an audience member , Ju Hong , shouted at the President during an event in San Francisco , demanding that he stop deportations . The President immediately rejected Hong 's demand , saying he does n't have the authority . Now , some members of Congress say he does . Obama said he ca n't stop deportations of immigrants , but maybe he can "  Mr. President , you do have the power to stop what 's going on , " Rep. Charlie Rangel , D-New York , said at a news conference on Thursday . In their letter , the members point to executive action in 201,2 when Obama exercised his discretion to suspend deportations of children of undocumented immigrants , known as Deferred Action of Childhood Arrivals . "  Please , Mr. President , do something , " said Rep. Luis Gutierrez , D-Illinois . "  We need you to take the kinds of positive action to help our families . " Although Obama has used his discretion to save some from deportation , he has aggressively expanded the program . He has expelled more people than any other president : For instance , 410,000 people were deported in 2012 , compared with 116,000 in 2001 . In their letter , the lawmakers say that 1,100 people are deported every day . Obama has shifted the type of immigrants targeted for deportation . While the administration of President George W. Bush targeted working immigrants by raiding workplaces , Obama is focusing on convicted criminals and "  egregious " immigration violators , including recent border-crossers and illegal re-entrants . Immigration and Customs Enforcement says its efforts are effective , pointing out that 55 % of people deported last year were convicted criminals . "  Criminalizing American families or giving local law enforcement the responsibility to choose who stays and who goes is not the right option , " the letter reads . 4 ways immigration reform could still happen - or not The Senate passed comprehensive immigration reform this year , including a path to citizenship for the 11 million undocumented immigrants already in the United States . The legislation has been stalled in the House and is unlikely to be taken up before the end of the year .	Some lawmakers call on President Obama to suspend deportations They are the most prominent of a growing chorus of voices pushing the President Immigration reform is stalled in the House of Representatives
CNN  -- You 'll flip head over heels for this summer 's bumper crop of new roller coasters . "  It 's going to be a crazy good year , " says Dave Lipnicky , an economist and volunteer public relations director for American Coaster Enthusiasts , an international group with 5,000 members . Along with a couple of petrifying new record-breakers  highest , fastest and other superlatives go with coasters like tracks and inversions  , U.S. amusement parks are also investing in new technologies and family friendly thrill rides . "  In the '70s , parks were pulling out their kiddie rides to make room for the teen-drawing bigger , faster , stomach-tightening rides , " Lipnicky says . "  This summer , there are plenty of those , but we 're also seeing a nice balance in the major installments . " Here are 10 top new roller coasters you 'll be screaming about for a long time : Goliath Six Flags Great America , Gurnee , Illinois This new wooden coaster that debuts May 24 breaks three -- count 'em , three -- world records . It has the longest drop , the steepest drop and goes faster than any other wooden coaster . It also flips riders head over heels in two inversions that could make the inevitable air-time and 180-degree zero-G roll seem kinda tame . Daredevil riders , with bated breath , have been keeping tabs on construction via the Goliath Cam on the park 's Facebook site . sixflags.com/greatamerica Bells and whistles : Length : 3,100 feet Speed : 72 mph Height : 165 feet Insanity : A 180-foot vertical drop that plunges 85 degrees into an underground tunnel Best places to experience Native American culture Banshee Kings Island , Mason , Ohio Like the mythological creature whose screams break glass , this new $ 24 million coaster with the same name is sure to terrify anyone who gets near . Banshee , which opened April 18 , is billed as the longest inverted coaster in the world . And , yes , inverted means upside down . It also has a curved drop , a dive loop , a zero-G roll , a batwing , an outside loop spiral and an inline-roll . After months of watching a live videocam of the purple coaster 's death-defying construction , eager fans have already raised some $ 65,000 for a Cincinnati charity supporting kids with life-threatening illnesses by signing up for the two-hour marathon the night before the park officially opens for 2014 . visitkingsisland.com/banshee Bells and whistles : Length : 4,124 feet Speed : 68 mph Height : 170 feet Insanity : Seven inversions and a 170-foot heartline finale Verruckt , Schlitterbahn Kansas City , Kansas Ever since October 1901 , when a 63-year-old Michigan school teacher survived a plunge down Niagara Falls in a wooden barrel , daredevils have been dreaming up schemes to ride down the 167-foot monster waterfall . On May 23 , Schlitterbahn Kansas City is unveiling a waterslide/hypercoaster that 's actually several feet taller . And while it 's illegal to mount an expedition down Niagara these days  park officials did n't particularly enjoy dealing with mangled bodies  , anyone with the guts to climb the 264 stairs can make the 17-story drop on the Verruckt , which means insane in German . The new attraction will be the world 's tallest water slide . theverruckt.com Bells and whistles : Length : Straight down with a second five-story slope Speed : 65 mph Height : 17 stories Insanity : Taller than Niagara Falls , 40 % taller and 20 % faster than its closest competitor El Loco Adventuredome at Circus Circus , Las Vegas Living up to its name , this hair-raising new coaster that opened February 18 has a turn that banks to the outside , an unheard of gravity-defying feature , even among coaster collectors . Eleven-year-old Benjamin De Los Santos of St. George , Utah , who won a contest to be one of the first four passengers , said , "  I was out of my seat more than I was in it . The first drop was so crazy I accidentally said a bad word . " Do n't worry , Benjamin , with each car 's built-in sound system playing cheesy hip-hop and rock , your mother probably did n't hear . adventuredome.com/elloco/ Bells and whistles : Length : 1,300 feet Speed : 45 mph Height : 90 feet Insanity : It banks outside at a 45-degree angle , about 44 degrees further than the average comfort zone . The Thunderbolt Luna Park in Coney Island , Brooklyn , New York Just when you thought it was safe to go back to Coney Island , a new $ 10 million steel Thunderbolt is opening on the site of the original wooden Thunderbolt that terrified thrill seekers from the 1920s through the '80s . If you saw "  Annie Hall , " it was the coaster under which Woody Allen 's fictional character grew up . Thunderbolt 2.0 is the park 's first to be built since the famous , still-in-operation Cyclone . The Thunderbolt , opening in May , starts with a jaw-dropping 90-degree vertical drop , followed by a 100-foot vertical loop , an 80-foot , zero-G roll , a 112-degree over-banked turn and a custom heartline dive . LunaParkNYC.com Bells and whistles : Length : 2,233 feet Speed : 55 mph Height : 115 feet Insanity : A 90-degree plunge Flying Turns Knoebels Amusement Resort , Elysburg , Pennsylvania Most parks would have given up years ago . But this family-owned amusement park was so determined to recreate the legendary wooden coaster that British barnstorming pilot John Norman Bartlett brought to America in the 1920s that it spent 7Â 1/2 years melding its old-school thrills  read , laxer safety standards  with today 's high-tech safety regulations . Judging by the stunned reaction from riders in last October 's sneak preview/soft opening , it was well worth every trip back to the old drawing board . On April 26 , the park opens for Flying Turns ' much-anticipated full debut season . knoebels.com Bells and whistles : Length : 1,200 feet Speed : 24 mph Height : 50 feet Insanity : You 're in a wooden chute without any tracks making very tight turns . FireChaser Express Dollywood , Pigeon Forge , Tennessee Dolly Parton herself was there to cut the ribbon on this new coaster that debuted March 22 . Although it 's classified in coaster parlance as a "  family ride " -- and indeed riders need only be 39 inches tall to board the splashy red fire trucks -- this innovative new ride includes explosions , fireworks , more twists than an Agatha Christie novel and enough special effects that it could get nominated for that category in next year 's Oscars . dollywood.com Bells and whistles : Length : 2,427 feet Speed : 34.5 mph Height : 12 stories Insanity : Once Big Bertha explodes , you ride backwards all the way to the station . Lightning Run Kentucky Kingdom , Louisville , Kentucky After a five-year hiatus and a $ 50 million renovation , this amusement park , formerly a part of the Six Flags brand , debuts May 24 with the new steel Lightning Run . Joining Stella and Lola , the Twisted Twins that were originally called the Twisted Sisters until the rock group of the same name threatened to sue , Lightning Run has a sleek new car design that sends riders on a negative force camelback that will have them screaming , "  Mommy ! " kentuckykingdom.com Bells and whistles : Length : 2,500 feet Speed : 55 mph Height : 100 feet Insanity : An 80-degree , near-vertical drop Seven Dwarfs Mine Train Walk Disney World , Lake Buena Vista , Florida You might be tempted to sniff at the stats  it IS , after all , an all-ages coaster  , but this new steel coaster at Disney World 's New Fantasyland does a lot more than defy Newton 's laws . According to Disney Imagineer Dave Minichiello , the ride 's creative director , this roller coaster-plus has music and interactive elements , goes outside through a forest and inside through the dwarf 's mine and is unlike any ride Disney World has ever seen . disneyworld.disney.go.com Bells and whistles : Vultures : 2 Dwarfs : 7 Jewels : Diamonds , emeralds , rubies and more Insanity : The car 's platform rocks back and forth . Roar-O-Saurus Story Land , Glen , New Hampshire Big ? Bad ? Not so much . But when you figure that the Story Land customer base is 12 and under  oh yeah , and their parents  , a brand new wooden roller coaster that catches air is pretty extreme . And because Roar-O-Saurus ' numerous twists and turns are built into such a tight space and because it moves at a surprisingly frenetic pace , Lipnicky , of American Coaster Enthusiasts , claims this new dinosaur-led coaster packs an impressive wallop . With 100 inches of snow in New Hampshire this year , fingers are crossed that Rory , the dinosaur , and his team will be ready to rock and roll by the park 's opening on May 24 . storylandnh.com Bells and whistles : Length : 1,242 feet Speed : 35 mph Height : 40 feet Insanity : 12 moments of airtime	Banshee in Ohio is billed as the longest inverted coaster in the world Schlitterbahn Kansas City is unveiling a water slide that 's taller than Niagara Falls Coney Island 's latest version of the Thunderbolt is expected to open this summer
CNN  -- Saying they will not tolerate interference with the right to worship , federal prosecutors announced Thursday that a Texas man has been charged with calling in a bomb threat to an Islamic center that is building a mosque in Tennessee . Javier Alan Correa , 24 , of Corpus Christi was indicted on two charges , including a civil rights violation , by a federal grand jury in Nashville , according to U.S. Attorney Jerry E. Martin . According to the indictment , Correa , who had not surrendered , called the Islamic Center of Murfreesboro and left a voice message on September 5 saying , among other things , "  On September 11 , 2011 , there 's going to be a bomb in the building . " That date was the 10th anniversary of the 9/11 attacks . Imam Ossama Bahloul of the Islamic center said the indictment showed that the United States is a "  nation of law . " Tennessee mosque 's fate up in the air after court ruling "  We are used to messages of ` go back home ' and ` you worship a false God , ' " Bahloul said . "  This message is different . " Bahloul turned the phone recording over to authorities . "  Today 's indictment should send a message loud and clear , " Martin said . "  The Department of Justice will not tolerate violence or threat of violence against the Muslim community here in Murfreesboro . If you engage in this type of illegal conduct , we will come after you . The right to worship and assemble is a bedrock guarantee of this great nation . " The construction site for the mosque has been vandalized multiple times , Martin said . Federal agencies offered a $ 20,000 reward in their investigation of an August 2010 arson that damaged construction equipment at the site . The Islamic Center of Murfreesboro has existed for more than a decade , but the fight over the new mosque erupted when planning commissioners approved the 52,960-square-foot building on Veals Road . The backlash was stinging and included lawsuits and the arson . A sign announcing the mosque was spray-painted with the words "  Not Welcome . " A Rutherford County judge ruled last month that plans for the building are now "  void and of no effect . " Opinion : Muslims in America , it 's time to demand justice Chancellor Robert Corlew said the planning commission violated state law by not providing proper public notice . The county has since been blocked from granting an occupancy permit . Construction on the mosque has continued . It might be completed by July 20 , in time to observe Ramadan , Islam 's holy month , if the Islamic center receives the permit . Bahloul said the majority of people in Rutherford County are accepting of the Muslim community . Correa is charged with one count of intentionally obstructing by threat of force the free exercise of religious beliefs and one count of using an instrument of interstate commerce to communicate a threat to destroy a building by means of an explosive device . He faces a maximum penalty of 20 years for one count and 10 years for the second , as well as a fine of up to $ 250,000 for each offense , officials said . David Boling , spokesman for Martin , the U.S. attorney for the Middle District of Tennessee , said he could not comment on the specifics of the case against Correa . A Corpus Christi phone number for Correa was not operating Thursday afternoon . A message left with the federal public defender 's office was not immediately returned . Bahloul said he had mixed feelings over the charges . "  I feel that American values prevailed , but I feel bad for his family , " he said . CNN 's Moni Basu and Lateef Mungin contributed to this report .	Charges show U.S. is a "  nation of law , " imam says Prosecutors announce two-count indictment against Texas man They allege he made bomb threat against Islamic center in Murfreesboro , Tennessee Construction site for new mosque has been vandalized
CNN  -- The unlikely alchemy of a hard-rock legend and a bluegrass superstar created Grammy gold Sunday night , as Robert Plant and Alison Krauss picked up five awards -- including album and record of the year -- for their work , "  Raising Sand . " Alison Krauss and Robert Plant 's song "  Please Read the Letter " won record of the year . "  Sand " won album of the year honor , while a song from the set , "  Please Read the Letter , " won record of the year . "  I 'm bewildered . In the old days we would have called this selling out . But it 's a good way to spend a Sunday , " said Plant , the legendary Led Zeppelin front man . "  Raising Sand " was produced by T Bone Burnett , whose production and oversight of the "  O Brother , Where Art Thou " soundtrack won three awards -- including album of the year -- in 2002 . For "  Sand , " Burnett selected several songs , mostly obscurities such as Gene Clark 's "  Polly Come Home " and Sam Phillips ' "  Sister Rosetta Goes Before Us , " and let Plant and Krauss mix it up in stark , often subdued fashion . The result was widely praised and reached No. 2 on the album charts . Watch Plant and Krauss talk about their win " The win adds to Krauss ' eye-popping Grammy total of 26 awards -- more than any female artist in history and third only to conductor Sir Georg Solti  31  and producer-arranger-mogul Quincy Jones  27  . The awards were overshadowed by news that performer Chris Brown , who had been up for two Grammys , had become the focus of a domestic-violence allegation . Brown turned himself in to Los Angeles police Sunday evening . Watch a report on the latest developments in the Brown case " He was released on $ 50,000 bail , according to the Los Angeles Police Department . Authorities said Brown and a woman were involved in an argument in a vehicle . Read more about Brown The argument escalated when Brown stopped the car and the woman got out , the LAPD said , citing the victim 's account . A representative for Brown at the ICM agency in Los Angeles could not immediately be reached for comment . Coldplay took home one of the Grammys ' big three honors , song of the year , for the title track of their album "  Viva La Vida . " The group also won best rock album . "  Thank you and sorry to Sir Paul McCartney for blatantly recycling the ` Sgt. Pepper ' outfits , " the band 's Will Champion said , noting the group 's colorful attire . See the stars on the red carpet " Adele won best new artist . The Grammys are often better remembered for the colorful performances than the winners , and this year 's 3 1/2 - hour telecast seemed determined to showcase nominees , often in unusual combinations and settings . Watch Tia Carrere discuss the best Hawaiian music album " Jennifer Hudson brought the house down with an emotional performance of a new ballad , "  You Pulled Me Through , " and won best R&B album -- an award presented by another big-voiced vocalist , Whitney Houston . Hudson was equally emotional in her acceptance speech . "  I 'd like to thank my family in heaven and those who are with me today , " she said , her voice catching . "  Everybody , thank you all , " she concluded . Hudson 's mother , brother and nephew were murdered last October . Watch Carrie Underwood talk about her meeting with Hudson " Jamie Foxx took a star turn with a quartet of singers -- including Smokey Robinson -- in a medley of Four Tops songs in tribute to the group 's late lead singer , Levi Stubbs . The University of Southern California marching band backed Radiohead 's performance . Paul McCartney , backed by powerhouse Dave Grohl on drums , did "  I Saw Her Standing There " -- the first track from the Beatles ' first album , "  Please Please Me , " in 1963 . Four famed rappers -- T.I. , Kanye West , Jay-Z and Lil Wayne -- were called the "  Rap Pack " in a segment that followed a tribute to one of the Rat Pack singers , Dean Martin , who received a lifetime achievement award . With them was M.I.A. , extremely pregnant but giving it her all . Then there was the pairing of Stevie Wonder with the Jonas Brothers in a medley that concluded with Wonder 's "  Superstition . " Brown and Rihanna , each scheduled to perform , were notable for their absence . Rihanna was scheduled to sing "  Live Your Life/Disturbia " and Brown was later to sing "  Forever . " Apparently substituting for one of the slots was an all-star version of Al Green 's "  Let 's Stay Together , " led by the good reverend himself . With more than 100 categories , only a relative handful were presented on the show . Among the winners not televised on the broadcast -- though available on the Internet -- was best comedy album , which went to the late George Carlin for "  It 's Bad for Ya . " It was his fifth Grammy . Carlin 's daughter , Kelly , accepted on his behalf , saying she 'd take better care of it than Carlin did with his first Grammy . That one , she observed , was taken apart in a "  chemically induced , altered state . " Carlin was eventually sent a new Grammy for his trouble .	Robert Plant , Alison Krauss "  Raising Sand " is album of year Plant , Krauss ' work wins five Grammys total Coldplay wins song of the year for "  Viva La Vida , " best rock album Jennifer Hudson wins best R&B album
CNN  -- Reigning Australian Open champion Rafael Nadal was forced to retire hurt from his quarterfinal match against Andy Murray in Melbourne on Tuesday . The Spaniard , who suffered injury trouble for much of last season , was 6-3 7-6  7-2  3-0 down to the 22-year-old Scot when he pulled out of the match after struggling with his right knee for much of the third set . Murray spoke of his disappointment regarding the manner of his progression but was pleased with his standard of play . "  I 've known Rafa since I was 13 , he 's my favorite player to watch so I was gutted for him , " Murray told reporters after the game . "  I came through a few tough moments at the start of the match but I thought I found the right tactics to win , I played really well tonight . "  I had to go for my shots and when the big points come keep them short , as you do n't want to play long points against Rafa . " Murray 's victory sets-up a semifinal clash with Croatian Marin Cilic , who underlined his growing reputation by hitting 20 aces and 63 winners to consign seventh seed Andy Roddick to defeat . A win that has Murray keenly anticipating his next challenge : "  Nerves will be there about making my first Australian final but I lost to -LSB- Cilic -RSB- in straight sets at the U.S. Open so there is a bit of revenge to be had there . " Cilic , 21 , toppled Roddick 7-6  7-4  , 6-3 , 3-6 , 2-6 , 6-3 , after the American battled with a shoulder injury for a large part of the grueling five-set , four-hour marathon match . Roddick hit back with 15 aces and 47 winners but Cilic , who took the scalp of U.S. Open champion Juan Martin Del Potro in the previous round , sealed his 10th win from 10 matches of 2010 to reach his first grand slam semifinal . World number one Roger Federer faces Russian Nikolay Davydenko in tomorrow 's other quarterfinal while Novak Djokovic of Serbia will take on Jo-Wilfried Tsonga of France .	Rafael Nadal quits the Australian Open injured to see Andy Murray progress to semis American Andy Roddick is beaten by Marin Cilic of Croatia after four-hour battle Murray to face Cilic in the semis while Roger Federer takes on Nikolay Davydenko
CNN  -- With its vast array of freaky specimens that seem to belong in some haunted manor , Philadelphia 's 150-year-old Mutter Museum may be the gold standard in medical museums . But it 's not alone . Museums dedicated to niche medicine , pathology , anatomical curiosities and cultural trends keep visitors fascinated and appalled with their educational and grotesque displays . Whether it 's an oversized parasite , a diseased organ preserved in formaldehyde or a historical look at the outrageous medical practices of yore , there 's bound to be an address to discover some sort of unnerving discovery even in less traveled destinations . In honor of International Museum Day on May 18 , here are the world 's weirdest medical museums . Bart 's Pathology Museum , England A university collection started in 1879 , this exclusive medical oddity exhibit is part of the Queen Mary , University of London . It 's open only for special soirees and events that fill up quickly . It 's even hosted a pop-up cake shop by Eat Your Heart Out bakers . The nearly 5,000 specimens include various objects pulled from human bodies over the last 150 years -- toothbrush in the esophagus , anyone ? Also on display : the dissected body parts of assassin John Belingham among other relics dating to the 1700s . Bart 's Pathology Museum , Robin Brook Centre , West Smithfield , London ; +44 20 7882 8766 ; open for select events at the moment Berlin Museum of Medical History at the Charité , Germany Snippets of Germany 's medical history find a home in this restored 19th-century building that houses 1,800 of the 23,000 original specimens that survived World War II bombings . The oldest artifacts include bladder stones from the 1700s . Other curios include a 60-pound megacolon from a patient who died in 1960 , an 18th-century birthing chair and various tumors alongside forms of other disease . The museum also traces the darker side of German medicine , including how the National Socialists used science to justify their horrific actions toward race purification . Berlin Museum of Medical History at the Charité , Charitéplatz 1 , Berlin ; +49 30 450 536 156 ; Tuesday-Sunday 10 a.m.-5 p.m. Monday , Wednesday , Saturday 10 a.m.-7 p.m. ; $ 7  $ 9 Choowondang Korean Medical Museum , South Korea Opened in 2008 in a thriving medical center dating from the 1800s , this museum details the history of Korean medicine . Items including medical chests and documents are on display , giving insight into the development of Eastern medical practices . The adjoining clinic launched just after the Korean War broke , which was when the Yoon family moved their practice south from North Korea . A main feature of the building is the herbal-production lab with gleaming metal drums shining through the glass walls . Choowondang Korean Medical Museum , 153-1 , Nakwon-dong , Jongno-gu , Seoul , South Korea ; +82 2 3672 2005 ; Monday-Wednesday , Friday 9:30 a.m.-6 p.m. , Thursday 9:30 a.m.-12 :30 p.m. ; 2,000  $ 2 Fragonard Museum , France Originally an anatomy collection for veterinary students begun in the 1700s just outside Paris , the curiosities-filled Musée Fragonard opened to the public in 1902 , closing in the 1990s for renovations that lasted until 2008 . Skeletons and anatomical displays fill the rooms , but the main event is in the cabinet of unsettling specimens . The skinned bodies flayed by expert 18th-century anatomist Honoré Fragonard are some of the most renowned yet unsettling specimens in Europe . Horses , monkeys and even human fetuses are on display , showing all of the gory innards that our skin  fortunately  covers . Fragonard Museum , 7 avenue du Général de Gaulle , Maisons Alfort , France ; +33 143967172 ; Tuesday-Wednesday 2 p.m.-6 p.m , Saturday-Sunday 1 p.m.-6 p.m. ; $ 7  $ 9 Ibn Sina Academy of Medieval Medicine and Science , India Named after a 10th-century Islamic philosopher and physician , this museum takes a glimpse into medicine across the Middle East and Asia . Its modest but ancient collection includes artifacts from Greco-Arab doctors and medical manuscripts dating to the tenth century . Unani drugs and some dusty-looking tools are on display alongside a large array of busts of then-famous scientists , few of whom will be familiar at all . There are also handmade antiquated clay and mud molds showing the GI and respiratory systems . Ibn Sina Academy of Medieval Medicine and Science , Tijara House , Dodhpur , Aligarh , India ; +91 571 3290275 ; Monday-Saturday 9 a.m.-2 p.m. , Sunday 4 p.m.-8 p.m. ; free admission Meguro Parasitological Museum , Japan Celebrating its 60th birthday this year , the Meguro Museum started out when Dr. Satoru Kamegai began exhibiting parasites to raise public awareness after World War II . His specimens evolved into one of the most intriguing medical museums in the world , with two floors dedicated entirely to hundreds of skin-crawling  and burrowing  parasites . The museum owns approximately 60,000 specimens . An impossibly long Diphyllobothrium nihonkaiense , or tapeworm , is on display . Those who want to keep the experience alive can purchase a T-shirt with the creature printed on it , more or less where it would be living inside of you , feeding parasitically . Meguro Parasitological Museum , 4-1-1 Shimomeguro , Meguro-ku , Tokyo , Japan ; +81 337161264 ; Tuesday-Sunday 10 a.m.-5 p.m. ; free admission  donations welcome Museum of Human Disease , Australia This educational museum helps you to "  know your enemy , " presenting more than 2,000 examples of human diseases past and present . Among the samples are a 19th-century tuberculosis lung , an ovarian tumor featuring teeth and hair and brains infected with mad cow disease . Largely geared toward students , welcoming nearly 10,000 a year , the museum is the only one of its kind in Australia open to the public . Opened in 1960 , the museum continues to update its collection . Museum of Human Disease , Ground Floor Samuels Building , UNSW Sydney , New South Wales , Australia ; +61 29385 1522 ; Monday-Friday 10 a.m.-5 p.m. ; AU$ 11  $ 11 Museum Vrolik , Netherlands This medical and anatomy museum is just one of many trippy experiences in Amsterdam . The 10,000 oddball items from the Vrolik family 's collection dating to the 1700s include one-eyed creatures , preserved conjoined twins and so-called mermaid fetuses . The 16th-century bladder stone the size of a human fist is especially painful to look at , but no more than the pathologically deformed bones or corset livers . Museum Vrolik , Academic Medical Center , Meibergdreef , Amsterdam ; +31 20 566 4927 ; Monday-Friday 10 a.m.-5 p.m. ; free admission Paul Stradin 's History of Medicine Museum , Latvia Latvia does n't scream medical tourism , but this museum 's hodgepodge of items started by Latvia 's greatest surgeon and medical historian is worth a visit . Dr. Paul Stradins started the collection in the 1920s . It includes , among other things , both a two-headed canine and the dog named Chernushka , who was launched into space aboard Sputnik 9 , and survived . The museum houses more than 203,000 items , with dioramas including a recreated medieval pharmacy and town that explores healing techniques of the Middle Ages . Paul Stradin 's History of Medicine Museum , Antonijas iela 1 , Rīga , Latvia ; +37 167222665 ; Tuesday-Saturday 11 a.m.-6 p.m. , Thursday 11 a.m.-7 p.m. ; 1.50 lats  $ 3 The Maude Abbott Medical Museum Osler Collection , Canada A varied collection of about 150 organs dating to the late 19th century is the major draw at this Canadian academic museum . The only problem is that you ca n't visit it -- yet . The museum is , for the moment , exclusively online , featuring detailed images and information for the collection , but McGill University is making room for a physical exhibition to showcase the extensive array of innards , skeletons , autopsy log books and pathological specimens . Many of the organs come from across North America , but are primarily from local Montreal hospitals . The Maude Abbott Medical Museum Osler Collection , Duff Medical Building , Room B4 , 3775 University Street , Montréal , Quebec ; collection only available online at the moment 10 of the world 's best dinosaur museums	Medical museums around the world display grotesque curiosities related to niche medicine , pathology , anatomy and cultural trends International Museum Day is May 18 Curios include two-headed dog , one-eyed creatures , preserved conjoined twins and brains infected with mad cow disease
CNN  -- Russia 's prime minister tried to reassure the world about the safety of the upcoming Olympic Winter Games on Tuesday as security forces worked to clamp down on potential threats far from the Black Sea resort where the games will soon begin . A suspected militant leader died in a shootout with police in the restive Caucasus republic of Dagestan , hundreds of miles east of the Olympic venues in Sochi , the state news agency RIA Novosti reported . The news agency said Russian special forces were engaged in other operations in the same territory . And in Sochi and in Rostov-on-Don , a nine-hour drive to the north , police handed out posters of women they suspect may be planning terrorist attacks . In an interview set to air Wednesday on CNN 's Amanpour program , Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev said "  there are always some threats " to public events , "  not only this country but also in others . " But Russian authorities are aware of those threats and are planning accordingly , he said . "  I am referring to the mobilization , build-up , of police forces , and a huge number of policemen will watch the progress of the Games , " Medvedev said . Russia has been battling a low-level Islamist insurgency in Dagestan and the North Caucasus region for more than a decade , and militants have vowed to strike at the Games . Over the weekend , as President Vladimir Putin told reporters his government has a "  perfect understanding " of the threat and how to stop it , a video posted online warned that the insurgents had "  a present " for Olympic visitors . U.S. may share counter-IED tech with Russia Andrew Kutchins , the head of the Russia and Eurasia program at the Washington-based Center for Strategic and International Studies , said Putin made a "  brazen bet " by bidding for the Games in Sochi . "  He sees one of the historic roles he has played as being to stabilize the North Caucasus . Unfortunately , the North Caucasus are n't as stabilized as he would like , and by holding the Sochi Olympics in such close proximity to , in effect , a conflict zone , he 's taking a big risk . If things do n't go well all of his claims about the stability he has brought to the North Caucasus -- and in a way , more broadly , to Russia -- are going to be diminished . " Kutchins said it would be "  very , very difficult " for militants to pull off large-scale attacks in Sochi , but he said they do n't have to hit Sochi itself to hurt the Games . A series of attacks like the Vologograd bombings in the surrounding area "  would raise the terror level in the country and in the international community to such a level that the Games themselves would be imperiled , " he said . Amid the concerns , the top U.S. military officer discussed sharing high-tech equipment to counter improvised bombs with his Russian counterpart Tuesday , a Pentagon spokesman told CNN . The matter came up "  on an exploratory level " in a meeting between Gen. Martin Dempsey , the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , and Russian Gen. Valery Gerasimov , Dempsey spokesman Col. Edward Thomas said . The United States developed portable and vehicle-mounted jamming systems after radio-controlled roadside bombs took a huge toll on American troops in Iraq and Afghanistan . A U.S. official with knowledge of the discussions said military staff from both countries will now look at whether the U.S. technology is compatible with Russian systems . Fears of ` black widows ' as Games near In Sochi , police have handed out fliers at hotels warning of a woman they believe could already be in the city and planning a terrorist attack . One flier , dated January 15 , asks workers to be on the lookout for Ruzanna "  Salima " Ibragimova , described as the widow of a member of a militant group from the Caucasus region . Ibragimova may be involved in organizing "  a terrorist act within the 2014 Olympic region , " the flier warns . Authorities received information about Ibragimova 's possible arrival in the region last week , it states . CNN obtained the notice from security staff at a hotel in Sochi . Photos of Ibragimova have flooded television and social media reports from Sochi , and some describe her as a "  black widow " -- a group of women who have carried out high-profile suicide bombings after their insurgent husbands were killed by government forces . Security experts stressed Monday that Ibragimova was probably one of many suspects that authorities are trying to find . But former FBI agent Don Borelli said protecting the Games will require "  multiple layers " of security . "  If somebody 's already on the inside -- if she 's already , let 's say , has a job at a particular event or has special access , then she 's already bypassed one of those layers of security , " Borelli said . "  Hopefully , now that this warning has taken place , they 'll find her , if in fact she 's in the region . " Another flier handed out by security forces to hotels in Rostov-on-Don , in southwestern Russia , names three women it says could carry out a suicide attack planned by militant groups between January 21 and 24 , during the Olympic Torch Relay . One of the three , Zaira Nizamudinovna Alieva , was killed in a gun battle over the weekend in Dagestan in which seven militants reportedly died . She had been trained to be a suicide bomber , RIA Novosti cited terrorism officials as saying . The other two are named as Djannet Kurbanismailovna Tcakhaeva and Oksana Albertovna Aslanova . Pictures on the flier show two of the three women in Islamic head coverings , but the text warns that the women may not be dressed that way . "  Suspected terrorists may use regular clothing without any Islamic elements , e.g. no long dresses , no hijab , which makes it easier to blend into a crowd , and makes it easier to get access to large gatherings without being noticed , " it says . CNN 's Barbara Starr , Phil Black , Laura Smith-Spark , Joseph Netto and Gena Somra contributed to this report .	NEW : Putin has made a "  brazen bet " on Sochi Games , analyst says NEW : U.S. , Russia discuss sharing anti-IED technology , Pentagon says Russian authorities issue warning posters of four female terror suspects One group suspected of planning attack on torch relay this week
In a country where the image of Mao Zedong is still revered and taxi drivers hang Mao medallions from their rear-view mirrors almost like lucky talismans , Bo Xilai 's "  red culture " revival was always going to have traction . In the sprawling riverside megalopolis of Chongqing , the charismatic and urbane politician Bo launched a "  smash black , sing red " campaign that promoted Chinese communist culture as zealously as it cracked down on organized crime . From June 2009 , Bo led a law and order drive that resulted in the arrest of thousands of suspected gangsters , but critics claim it also targeted his political adversaries . The crackdown may have thrilled many in Chongqing 's massive municipality of 32.8 million people -- almost four million of whom are rural migrant workers seeking work in the urban center -- but Bo 's law-and-order campaign touched on one of China 's growing social and political fault lines . While many are becoming fabulously wealthy in the new China , millions more feel they are missing out on the country 's economic transformation . Bo 's red-tinged economic policies -- which have included millions spent on social housing -- may have garnered him a rock star status in Chongqing , but almost 1,000 miles from the Yangtze River city in Beijing , some party chiefs were taking a different view . His populist policies and high-profile personal style were seen as a challenge to the economically liberal and reform-oriented faction within the Chinese Communist Party  CCP  . The division emerged in the famous "  cake theory " spat between Bo and Guangdong party chief Wang Yang in 2011 . Wang at the time stated that China needed to pursue economic growth before it could worry about how to divide the wealth , saying that "  one must bake a bigger cake first before dividing it . " Bo was said to have responded : "  Some people think -LSB- ... -RSB- that one must bake a large cake before dividing it ; but this is wrong in practice . If the distribution of the cake is unfair , those who make the cake wo n't feel motivated to bake it . " Political analysts say the spat , which was widely aired on Chinese media last year , drives to the heart of the factional problems besetting the CCP . The political divisions came to a boil in March 2012 , when China 's national legislature convened its annual meeting in Beijing . Speaking to reporters on March 9 on the sidelines of a panel discussion of Chongqing delegates , Bo defended his policies . "  Ask any citizen on the street if they support fighting corruption and they 'll say ` yes ' , " he boomed . Addressing the rich-poor divide , he said : " If only a few people are rich then we are capitalists , we 've failed . " That may have been Bo 's last stand . Timeline : Bo 's fall from grace A few weeks earlier , Wang Lijun , his handpicked former police chief , had tried to defect to the U.S. consulate in the neighboring Sichuan city of Chengdu , triggering a political crisis that rocked the leadership in Beijing . On March 14 , the Prime Minister Wen Jiabao obliquely reprimanded Chongqing 's leadership over the Wang incident during the premier 's annual press conference . Wen also refered to the damage wrought by the Cultural Revolution - a reference that alluded to Bo 's red revival in Chongqing - and said that the city 's stellar double-digit economic performance had been the fruits of several administrations and not just Bo 's work alone . On March 15 , the state-run Xinhua news service announced that Bo had been dismissed as Chongqing party chief and , almost a month later , he was suspended from the CCP 's Central Committee and its Politburo -- the second-highest decision-making body in China -- ahead of investigations for "  serious disciplinary violations . " Bo 's dismissal is the most sensational political scandal to hit the Chinese Communist Party in recent years . As a "  princeling " - a son of a revolutionary veteran -- Bo was considered a strong contender for promotion into the Standing Committee of the party 's Politburo , whose nine members decide how to run China . But then , things were always likely to be different for the maverick cadre . His father Bo Yibo , who had a similar relaxed and open style , was imprisoned and tortured during the Cultural Revolution as a "  capitalist roader . " His credentials as an economic reformer were cemented during the 1980s when he famously visited the Boeing factory in the United States . Seeing just two planes on the tarmac , Bo senior asked if they were the only planes the factory planned to produce . When he was told that Boeing only made the planes that were on its order books , he immediately saw the problems of China 's planned economy which produced goods regardless of whether there was a market or not . Bo Xilai himself spent five years in jail during the Cultural Revolution and was said to have denounced his father during the tumultuous political upheaval -- an action that some argue may have cost him political allies in a culture that strongly values family ties . After his release , Bo entered Peking University 's history department in 1977 and two years later , after gaining a degree , Bo got into the master 's degree program in journalism , the first ever , at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences . "  His top ambition then was to be a Chinese journalist posted overseas , " recalls a classmate and close friend of Bo . After graduation , however , Bo did not pursue his ambition to become a foreign correspondent . Instead , he worked his way up as a local party and government official . He spent 17 years in Dalian , a charming but gritty coastal city in northeastern China . He became Dalian mayor in 1993 and transformed it into a popular investment and tourism destination . As early as 1999 , Bo was expected to move to Beijing for a ministerial post but his promotion was aborted when he failed to get elected into the Central Committee , the Communist Party 's ruling elite . Bo served as the governor and later party chief of Liaoning , a rust-belt region in northeast China which then boasted of large but mostly money-losing state-owned enterprises . In Liaoning , Bo dealt with high unemployment and endemic corruption . In 2004 , when Bo finally got elected into the elite Central Committee , he moved to Beijing as minister of trade and commerce . "  He was a tough and effective negotiator in terms of defending China 's global trade policies and interests , " said Wenran Jiang , a professor at the University of Alberta and Bo 's former classmate at Peking University . For decades , Jiang recalled that Bo stood out as one of China 's most dynamic and maverick politicians . Instead of reading prepared speeches , for example , he often spoke extemporaneously . "  He would have had a chance to become China 's top leader , if China had direct elections . But he shows too much personality and charisma in the post-Mao political culture that emphasizes collective leadership , " said Wenfang Tang , a political science professor at the University of Iowa . During Bo 's anti-corruption crackdown , Bo relied mainly on Wang Lijun , a tough and decorated policeman who served as Chongqing 's police chief from 2009 to 2011 . The campaign led to thousands of arrests and several executions . Wang was promoted to vice mayor as a reward . Ironically , it was also Wang who torpedoed Bo 's career . On February 8 , 2012 , Wang was unexpectedly reported to be "  on leave " for health reasons . Days later , Wang mysteriously fled into the U.S. consulate in Chengdu , six hours ' drive away from Chongqing . The next day , Wang left the consulate "  of his own volition , " U.S. officials said , and was taken into custody by security officials . His revelations led to a murder investigation involving Bo 's family . In April of the same year , Bo 's wife Gu Kailai and a family aide , Zhang Xiaojun , were detained on suspicion of having murdered British businessman Neil Heywood . During her one-day trial that August , Gu issued a statement saying she did n't deny the accusations levied against her , but "  accepted all the facts written in the indictment " -- including poisoning Heywood at a time when she thought her son 's life was in danger , according to the state-run Xinhua news agency . Gu received a suspended death sentence , which is expected to be commuted to life in prison after two years . Zhang was sentenced to nine years in prison . Finally in August this year , the 64-year old stood trial at the Jinan Intermediate People 's Court in eastern Shandong Provine on charges of bribe-taking , embezzlement and abuse of power . During the hearings of the politically sensitive trial that took place over several days and featured testimony from both his wife and Wang , Bo denied the charges and strongly challenged the prosecution 's case against him , according to court accounts . Days before the court announced the date for delivering the verdict , Bo reiterated his innocence but said he anticipated a lengthy imprisonment in a letter written to his family . Read more : Bo Xilai jailed for life But then on Sunday , September 23 Bo learned his fate : guilty of all charges and a life term in prison . The fall from grace of this one-time rising star was complete , leaving China watchers to ponder whether this was a statement of intent from President Xi Jinping as he continues with his anti-corruption drive .	Charismatic politician Bo Xilai promoted Chinese communist culture His populist policies were seen to challenge a faction of the Party Bo jailed for life for bribe-taking , embezzlement and abuse of power Bo 's wife and family aide also serving time for murdering Neil Heywood
LA PAZ , Bolivia  CNN  -- Bolivian President Evo Morales nationalized the Chaco petroleum company Friday , taking over the BP subsidiary with the military on standby . Bolivian leader Evo Morales speaks before parliament Thursday in the capital , La Paz . "  With this decree , " Morales said in a nationally televised address from an oil field in Cochabamba , "  we nationalize all the petroleum business in Chaco for all Bolivians . " Chaco is jointly owned by Pan American Energy and the Bolivian Pension Fund , each with a 50 percent stake , BP spokesman David Nicholas said from Great Britain . BP owns 60 percent of Pan American Energy , and Bridas Corp. owns the other 40 percent , Nicholas said Nicholas declined comment on the nationalization . "  We are aware of the presidential decree but can not comment , " he said . "  We support Pan America 's energies with any discussions they have with the Bolivian government . " Morales wore a white safety helmet with the words "  Chaco nationalized " printed on the front when he made his announcement . The Bolivian president guaranteed the petroleum workers that their jobs will be safe . Formed in 1997 , Chaco employs about 90 Bolivians , the company says on its Web site . Chaco is dedicated to the exploration and production of hydrocarbons , BP says . Morales decreed in 2007 and 2008 that the government should nationalize various petroleum companies . His actions Friday came less than 48 hours before Bolivians vote Sunday on a new constitution that would give the central government more power and control .	Bolivian President Evo Morales nationalizes Chaco petroleum company Morales guarantees petroleum workers that their jobs will be safe Military on standby in nationalization of BP subsidiary Move comes 48 hours before Bolivian vote on new constitution
CNN  -- As millions head to the polls Tuesday , history will be made . Either Barack Obama will become the first African-American president , or Sarah Palin will become the first female vice president . The 2008 presidential election will have a historic outcome , whichever ticket wins . But what about all the other history and trivia from the past 219 years ? Check out some tidbits to quench any political junkies ' thirst , impress friends and maybe even win a few bar bets . Election 2008 • Either John McCain or Obama will be the first incumbent member of Congress to be elected president since John F. Kennedy in 1960 . • Either McCain or Obama will become only the third senator to move directly from the U.S. Senate to the White House . The other two senators : Warren G. Harding  1920  and John F. Kennedy  1960  . • This year 's contest marks the 25th presidential election without an incumbent president on the ballot . • This is the first election in 24 years without a Bush or a Clinton heading a major party 's presidential ticket . McCain/Obama scenarios • If McCain wins , he will be the first president from Arizona . • If McCain wins , he will have headed the first successful GOP presidential ticket in 80 years that did not include someone named Bush or Nixon . • If McCain wins , Palin will become the first vice president from Alaska . • If Obama wins , he will be the third president from Illinois . The first two : Abraham Lincoln  elected in 1860 and 1864  and Ulysses S. Grant  elected in 1868 and 1872  . • If Obama wins , he will be the 27th lawyer to become president . Bill Clinton was the last lawyer elected president , and the first was John Adams . • If Obama wins , Joe Biden will become the first vice president from Delaware . Past presidential races • Nineteen of America 's 43 presidents have been Republicans ; 14 have been Democrats . • The first Republican president was Abraham Lincoln , who was elected in 1860 and 1864 . Andrew Jackson , elected in 1828 and 1832 , was the first presidential candidate to run  and win  as a Democrat . • The House has twice decided the presidential election because no candidate received a majority in the Electoral College  Thomas Jefferson in 1800 and John Quincy Adams in 1824  . • The most states ever won by a presidential candidate is 49 . In 1972 , Richard Nixon carried every state except Massachusetts ; in 1984 , Ronald Reagan carried every state except Minnesota . Both lost the District of Columbia . The most states ever won by a Democratic presidential candidate is 46 . In 1936 , Franklin Roosevelt carried 46 of 48 states , failing to capture only Maine and Vermont . • Four presidents have won the presidency while losing the popular vote : John Quincy Adams  1824  , Rutherford B. Hayes  1876  , Benjamin Harrison  1888  and George W. Bush  2000  . In the House and Senate • Democrats controlled both houses of Congress from 1955 to 1981 . This 26-year stretch is the longest any single party has controlled both chambers of Congress .  The GOP took control of the Senate in 1981 . • The last time the Democrats won the White House while maintaining control of the House and the Senate was in 1992 . • The last time the Republicans won the White House without electing a majority in either the House or the Senate was in 1988 . • Sixteen women currently serve in the Senate . Three -- Susan Collins , Elizabeth Dole and Mary Landrieu -- are up for re-election this year . Seventy-one women currently serve in the House as voting members . CNN 's Robert Yoon and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report .	If Barack Obama wins , he will become the first African-American president If McCain wins , Sarah Palin will be the nation 's first female vice president Nineteen of the 43 presidents have been Republicans ; 14 have been Democrats The most states ever won by a presidential candidate is 49
Johannesburg  CNN  -- The wife of the South African state security minister was sentenced Friday to 12 years in prison for drug dealing that included hiring smugglers , authorities said . Cheryl Cwele was convicted after one of the women testified against her . Charmaine Moss , who testified against her , said Cwele asked them to pick up a parcel in Turkey , but she turned her down . Prosecutors relied on the woman 's testimony , text messages and e-mails to prove their case , said Natasha Ramkisson , a spokeswoman for the national prosecuting authority . Moss told the court that Cwele offered them more than $ 3,500 . Another woman agreed to pick up the package , and was arrested in Brazil , where she is now serving an eight-year sentence for drug trafficking , Ramkisson said . Cwele was convicted Thursday together with a Nigerian accomplice . She had pleaded not guilty . Opposition parties called on minister Siyabonga Cwele to resign following his wife 's sentencing . The minister is a member of the ruling African National Congress . "  This entire episode is an embarrassing blow to the reputation of South Africa and its government , " said Phillip Dexter of the Congress of the People , which broke away from the ruling party . Presidential spokesman Zizi Kodwa declined to comment .	NEW : Opposition parties call for the minister 's resignation Cheryl Cwele is married to Siyabonga Cwele She is sentenced together with an accomplice
CNN  -- The leader of this week 's coup in Guinea assured senior officials Thursday "  they are safe , " a journalist with the state-run newspaper told CNN . Capt. Moussa Dadis Camara with Prime Minister Ahmed Tidiane Souare . Coup leader Capt. Moussa Dadis Camara met with Prime Minister Ahmed Tidiane Souare and about 30 other top officials at a military camp in Conakry , the nation 's capital , said Ousmane Barry , a correspondent for the state-run Horoya newspaper . Camara has declared himself president of the National Council for Democracy , which he called a transitional body that will oversee the country 's return to democracy . In effect , that makes Camara president of Guinea , which was thrown into turmoil Monday after the death of President Lansana Conte . Souare called Camara "  Mr. President " at Thursday 's meeting , which was witnessed by journalists , Barry said . The two men also discussed Conte 's funeral , scheduled for Friday . Camara has suspended the government , constitution , political parties and trade unions and formed his own government , Africa News reporter Mamdou Dian Donghol Diallo told CNN on Wednesday . The newly formed government , made up of 26 military personnel and six civilians , is negotiating a power-sharing deal that would reflect its ethnic make-up , Diallo said . International institutions , including the African Union , have condemned the coup . "  What we want to see is the transition to a more democratic governing structure for the people of Guinea , " U.S. State Department spokesman Sean McCormack said earlier this week . Guinea , in western Africa bordering the Atlantic Ocean , has had only two presidents since gaining independence from France in 1958 . Conte came to power in 1984 , when the military seized control of the government after the death of the first president , Sekou Toure . The country did not hold democratic elections until 1993 , when Conte was elected president . He was re-elected in 1998 and 2003 amid allegations of electoral irregularities . Worsening economic conditions and dissatisfaction with corruption and bad governance prompted two massive strikes in 2006 , the CIA World Factbook says . A third nationwide strike in early 2007 sparked violent protests that resulted in two weeks of martial law . To appease the unions and end the unrest , the Factbook says , Conte named a new prime minister in March 2007 .	Safety guarantees given to leading Guinea officials , reporter tells CNN Coup leaders made Capt. Moussa Dadis Camara de facto president Camara met prime minister and about 30 other top officials President Lansana Conte died Monday after near 25-year rule
Marianna , Florida  CNN  -- This weekend , Florida will begin digging into its tragic past as anthropologists start unearthing what they believe are the remains of dozens of children buried on the grounds of a former reform school . The exhumations at the Dozier School for Boys -- which closed in 2011 -- are the culmination of years of controversy surrounding the reform school and a mythology that has taken on a life of its own . Rightly or wrongly , the Florida Panhandle town of Marianna -- just west of Tallahassee -- has become synonymous with the school and its dark past . Some of those who were once sent to Dozier -- now senior citizens -- have come forward with stories of abuse at the school , including alleged beatings , torture , sexual abuse , killings and the disappearance of students , during the 1940s , '50s and '60s . On the school grounds buried deep in the woods lies a small unkept patch of land with 31 white crosses . Rusting away with time , they mark the final resting place for the unknown students that the state has confirmed were buried there . Nearly 100 children died while at the school , according to state and school records , many as a result of a tragic dormitory fire in 1914 and a deadly flu epidemic in 1918 . The poorly kept state records can not account for what happened to 22 children who died at the school . And no one knows who is buried where . "  They were poor kids and a lot of times , people never came to visit them , " said Elmore Bryant , a lifelong Marianna resident and head of the NAACP in Jackson County , Florida , which includes Marianna . "  Even when they were dismissed , they got home , their family had moved . So , who was going to pay attention if something happened to them while they was at Dozier ? " Some believe the bodies are African-Americans , disposed of by the Ku Klux Klan . This gravesite is in what was traditionally known as the "  black side " of the reform school -- a reference to the era of segregation . Many believe another cemetery exists on the sprawling , wooded , 1,400-acre property , but it has not been found . Last year , a research team from the University of South Florida , on a humanitarian mission to help identify these bodies for surviving families , used ground-penetrating radar , and found that there are as many as 19 more bodies buried in the surrounding area -- completely unmarked . After clearing the area , the team determined that 49 graves exist . "  These are children who came here and died , for one reason or another , and have just been lost in the woods , " said Erin Kimmerle , a forensic anthropologist leading the USF team , who once worked on an international forensics team that amassed evidence used in Yugoslavian war crimes trials . She has lobbied for an exhumation of the remains because , as she put it , "  When there 's no knowledge and no information , then people will speculate and rumors will persist or questions remain . " ` White House Boys ' Robert Straley spent about 10 months at the Dozier School for Boys between 1963 and 1964 for allegedly stealing a car . He says he was taken to the "  White House " on his very first day . "  I came out of there in shock , and when they hit you , you went down a foot into the bed , and so hard , I could n't believe , " said Straley . "  I did n't know what they were hitting you with . " Years ago , Straley and several others who spent time at Dozier came forward with allegations that they were beaten with long leather straps inside a small white concrete building they forever call "  the White House . " The men became known as the "  White House Boys . " One former administrator , Troy Tidwell -- a one-armed man accused of abuse by several former students -- admitted that "  spankings " took place , but denied that anyone was ever beaten or murdered . Florida first started looking into the allegations in 2008 , after some of the White House Boys -- who had met on the Internet and shared similar stories -- called on then-Gov . Charlie Crist to investigate . At Crist 's request , the Florida Department of Law Enforcement launched an investigation and its final report in 2009 accounted for 31 boys buried in the cemetery . The investigation failed to clear up the mystery over what happened to the dozens of other students who died at the school whose bodies have never been accounted for . FDLE closed the case due to lack of evidence that anyone had died as a result of criminal conduct . The Florida Department of Juvenile Justice closed the school in 2011 , 111 years after it first opened . Then last year , forensic anthropologists from USF used their ground-penetrating radar to find what appeared to be 19 more remains than previously thought to have been buried on the school grounds . That discovery , along with pressure from the NAACP and high-level officials , including Sen. Bill Nelson , D-Florida , led to action by the state . Earlier this month , Florida Gov. Rick Scott and his Cabinet voted to allow the USF forensics team to exhume the bodies , against the objections of Jackson County commissioners . "  There were children that disappeared that really were not accounted for , so I think that a new day has come here , " said Wansley Walters , secretary of the Florida Department of Juvenile Justice . "  What we have now is an opportunity to really get down to the truth and also try to bring some healing to the victims and the families . " Owen 's story State records say one boy buried here is 14-year-old Owen Smith . "  He had no ambition to do anything but play music , " said his sister Ovell Smith Krell , 84 . She says her older brother ran away from home in 1940 at age 14 to become a musician in Nashville , but never made it . Owen Smith was arrested in a stolen car , and sent to the reform school in Marianna . He ran away from the school , but got caught , he wrote in a letter to 12-year-old Ovell a short time afterward . A few months later , his family received a letter from the school , notifying them that Owen had run away for a second time . "  So far , we have been unable to get any information concerning his whereabouts , " wrote Millard Davidson , the school 's superintendent at the time . "  We will appreciate your notifying us immediately if you receive any word from or concerning him . " Owen 's family decided to travel to Marianna to find out what was going on , but just before leaving , there was a call from the school with word that Owen had been found dead . "  They think he crawled under a house to try and get warm and that he got pneumonia and died , " said Krell . She said her mother asked that Owen 's body be taken to a funeral home . The family had to borrow a car for the trip and when they arrived in Marianna two days later , school officials allegedly told them that their son was already buried . "  They said that the body was so decomposed , you would n't be able to identify him . ... They took him straight out to the school and buried him , " she said . Owen 's classmate told the family a different story . According to Krell , the boy said as he and Owen tried to escape , "  my brother was running out across a field , an open field , and there was three men shooting at him , with rifles . " "  I believe to this day that they shot my brother that night , and I think they probably killed him and brought him back to the school and buried him , " she said . Closure , but criminal charges unlikely Ovell Smith Krell , like other relatives of those believed to be buried at the school , is hoping the exhumations result in a sense of closure for her family . Any remains that are exhumed will be taken to the University of South Florida in Tampa to be examined in an effort to reunite these lost boys with their families -- if possible . Earlier this summer , DNA swabs were taken from a handful of surviving family members that have been found . If DNA can be matched to the bodies exhumed , these families want them to be buried properly in family plots . "  I would take him and put him down with my mom and dad in their cemetery , " Krell said . "  I hope I get that chance . " Whatever may be found in the exhumations of these long-forgotten children , it 's highly unlikely that anyone could ever be charged with any crimes . "  You have to have witnesses , " said Glenn Hess , the state attorney of Jackson County . "  Nobody can place a name with a homicide victim and a perpetrator . " And that 's nearly impossible considering the amount of time that has passed . "  There are these general stories about the beatings and all that went on , but that 's not unusual for reformatories in the '30s and '40s , " he told CNN . But this does n't matter to Elmore Bryant , the NAACP leader . He 's lived here all his life . He thinks the truth behind the mystery of Marianna will finally be found . "  I do n't think the bones will lie . The bones will tell the truth , " he said . "  I 'd want the truth to be known how I died . "	Forensic researchers will begin exhumations this weekend They believe a total of 49 children were buried at the reform school In 2009 , Florida investigators said 31 children were buried there The probe found none of the deaths was suspicious
SAN FRANCISCO , California  CNET  -- In an industry dominated by men , leave it to women to come up with the winning idea in a contest to create a concept for a video game about losing one 's virginity . Two women won a contest this week to create a concept for a video game about losing one 's virginity . On Wednesday , at the Game Developers Conference here , the two-woman team of Heather Kelley and Erin Robinson won the Game Design Challenge with just 36 hours of preparation , while their competitors had weeks to come up with concepts for a game about "  your first time . " This was the sixth straight year of the design challenge , hosted annually by New York-based game developer Eric Zimmerman . The contestants are generally top-tier game designers like two-time winner and Spore and The Sims creator Will Wright , Deus Ex lead designer Harvey Smith , or 2008 winner and Leather Goddesses of Phobos creator Steve Meretzsky . The contestants are generally given several weeks to come up with a concept for a game based on some sort of unusual challenge posed by Zimmerman . Past themes have included a game about love , a game based on the poetry of Emily Dickinson , and a game that could win the Nobel Peace Prize . "  We are in a medium that is just incredibly plastic , " Zimmerman said . "  We can put anything up on the screen ... Still , we find every year that most of the money being put into games is put into a relatively narrow  set of  genres " that tends to include monsters , dragons , and the like . Zimmerman added that the purpose of the challenge is "  to think about how we can create games that really break away " from what 's been done so many times before . Sex and autobiography have been constant themes in literature , film , and theater , Zimmerman argued , pointing to "  Lolita , " the work of Henry Miller , Chaim Potok 's novel , "  My name is Asher Lev , " and the films of Fellini and Woody Allen . But while Zimmerman touted the widespread historical acceptance of the theme of autobiographical sex , he noted with some dismay that veteran game designer Kim Swift , who works for Valve and who created the award-winning Portal , had originally been slated to be among the contestants but had eventually been pressured by Valve to withdraw due to the theme . "  I 'm saying this as a fan of Valve , " Zimmerman said , "  but I do find it frustrating and disturbing that Kim would be pulled from the panel . " Still , he said , after word got around about Swift 's withdrawal , Lapis designer Kelley and independent developer Robinson volunteered to step up and compete . The two ended up facing off against Meretzsky , on hand to defend his crown , and Habbo Hotel lead designer Sulka Haro . And in the end , while all three submissions were well-received , the duo of Kelley and Robinson were judged by the audience to have very closely beaten out Meretzsky . The two women came up with a concept for "  Our first times , " and presented it as a two-level game , one level for Kelley 's experience and the other for Robinson 's . They imagined a series of mini games that could be played on Nintendo 's Wii , or possibly on Apple 's iPhone . Kelley began by explaining that her game would commence with the player having to pick an outfit for a date that was intended to conclude with their deflowering . It would have to be the least complicated outfit possible , she said , nothing with zippers that get stuck , or too many buttons or ties . Then , there would be a mini game in which players would have to shave their legs , making especially sure not to miss the all-important spot "  by the knees . " Next up , dinner , and making sure to remove all the garlic from the meals , something the main character -- clearly a female , since the game was presented from a woman 's perspective -- would have to do because of the general cluelessness of the boyfriend in question . The next mini game would revolve around choosing the proper mood music from a selection of LPs -- yes , records , since the game would be set in the timeframe of Kelley 's first time . And clearly , she said , Miles Davis would have to be the choice . The penultimate mini game would task the player with "  not falling off the top bunk " in a college dorm room , " while the final task would involve flicking off the smirking roommate . The Robinson level also involved a series of mini games that commenced with "  driving home from ultimate-Frisbee practice " and setting the radio station in a car -- perhaps using the Wiimote dial , she said -- to anything except country music . Next would be a stop at a drug store to buy a brand of condoms that does n't terrify you , and then going "  back to his place , " and grappling with adjusting the tracking on his "  antiquated " VCR . Being a game concept presented from the woman 's perspective , the next mini game would revolve around "  making the first move . Poor guy . " And then , afterward , calling the best friend to tell the tale . "  But you have to be careful , " Robinson said , "  because she 's next to mom and grandma on the speed dial . " Perhaps given their short notice , the mini-game concepts created by Kelley and Robinson were n't very fleshed out , something that was a shame since they seemed to be onto something . But the crowd appreciated how much effort they had put into the storyboards they 'd created , and forgave the rudimentary fleshing out of the details . Meretzsky 's concept -- which came in a very close second -- ended up revolving around the idea of moving beyond the awkwardness of fumbling high school attempts at romance . But before explaining his final design , he talked at length about the challenges of coming up with a game idea when every possible title was too overtly sexual . He said he tried out "  Where 's dildo , " but discarded it because "  it had nothing to do with my autobiography . " And then , he thought "  about the almost too obvious genre of first-person shooters . " He also threw away "  Call of Booty " -- because it would have "  problems that would keep it off the shelf at Wal-Mart " -- and then almost settled on a beat-matching idea called "  Hump Hump Revolution . " And , playing off the title of Swift 's hit game , as well as a popular 2008 film , he said he nearly ended up with "  Zack & Miri make a Portal , " but "  my business people tell me paying licenses for two different  intellectual properties  is a non-starter . " In the end , he said , he came up with a three-act structure for a game based in the virtual world , Second Life , where act one involves the awkward era of high school , the second act is the more promising college years and finally , act three , happiness in the form of a series of vignettes including dates , a wedding , and then , home life . The game , he said , would be called , "  Wait , time passes . " "  No matter how picked on you are , " Meretzsky said , "  this too shall pass . Your time will come , and you will find happiness and your place in the world . " Of the six Game Design Challenges , this year 's felt the most wanting for detail and working game mechanics . That may have been because the contestants ' task of building something autobiographical did n't meld well with game design . Still , the crowd , which was heavy with game designers , appreciated the efforts and shouted out their support for all three contestants . After all , in the end , the point was to take a particularly challenging game design topic and create something that could plausibly be a working title . And who would know better the difficulties of doing so than a room full of game designers ? © 2009 CBS Interactive Inc. . All rights reserved . CNET , CNET.com and the CNET logo are registered trademarks of CBS Interactive Inc. . Used by permission .	Contest held to create a concept for a video game about losing one 's virginity Winners are two-woman team of Heather Kelley and Erin Robinson Winning concept involves choosing outfit and mood music , ditching roommate Game conceived as a series that could be played on a Wii or even an iPhone
William Gibson 's popular science fiction tale "  Johnny Mnemonic " foresaw sensitive information being carried by microchips in the brain by 2021 . A team of American neuroscientists could be making this fantasy world a reality . Their motivation is different but the outcome would be somewhat similar . Hailed as one of 2013 's top ten technological breakthroughs by MIT , the work by the University of Southern California , North Carolina 's Wake Forest University and other partners has actually spanned a decade . But the U.S.-wide team now thinks that it will see a memory device being implanted in a small number of human volunteers within two years and available to patients in five to 10 years . They ca n't quite contain their excitement . "  I never thought I 'd see this in my lifetime , " said Ted Berger , professor of biomedical engineering at the University of Southern California in Los Angeles . "  I might not benefit from it myself but my kids will . " Rob Hampson , associate professor of physiology and pharmacology at Wake Forest University , agrees . "  We keep pushing forward , every time I put an estimate on it , it gets shorter and shorter . " The scientists -- who bring varied skills to the table , including mathematical modeling and psychiatry -- believe they have cracked how long-term memories are made , stored and retrieved and how to replicate this process in brains that are damaged , particularly by stroke or localized injury . Berger said they record a memory being made , in an undamaged area of the brain , then use that data to predict what a damaged area "  downstream " should be doing . Electrodes are then used to stimulate the damaged area to replicate the action of the undamaged cells . They concentrate on the hippocampus -- part of the cerebral cortex which sits deep in the brain -- where short-term memories become long-term ones . Berger has looked at how electrical signals travel through neurons there to form those long-term memories and has used his expertise in mathematical modeling to mimic these movements using electronics . Hampson , whose university has done much of the animal studies , adds : "  We support and reinforce the signal in the hippocampus but we are moving forward with the idea that if you can study enough of the inputs and outputs to replace the function of the hippocampus , you can bypass the hippocampus . " The team 's experiments on rats and monkeys have shown that certain brain functions can be replaced with signals via electrodes . You would think that the work of then creating an implant for people and getting such a thing approved would be a Herculean task , but think again . For 15 years , people have been having brain implants to provide deep brain stimulation to treat epilepsy and Parkinson 's disease -- a reported 80,000 people have now had such devices placed in their brains . So many of the hurdles have already been overcome -- particularly the "  yuck factor " and the fear factor . "  It 's now commonly accepted that humans will have electrodes put in them -- it 's done for epilepsy , deep brain stimulation ,  that has made it  easier for investigative research , it 's much more acceptable now than five to 10 years ago , " Hampson says . Much of the work that remains now is in shrinking down the electronics . "  Right now it 's not a device , it 's a fair amount of equipment , "  Hampson says . "  We 're probably looking at devices in the five to 10 year range for human patients . " The ultimate goal in memory research would be to treat Alzheimer 's Disease but unlike in stroke or localized brain injury , Alzheimer 's tends to affect many parts of the brain , especially in its later stages , making these implants a less likely option any time soon . Berger foresees a future , however , where drugs and implants could be used together to treat early dementia . Drugs could be used to enhance the action of cells that surround the most damaged areas , and the team 's memory implant could be used to replace a lot of the lost cells in the center of the damaged area . "  I think the best strategy is going to involve both drugs and devices , " he says . Unfortunately , the team found that its method ca n't help patients with advanced dementia . "  When looking at a patient with mild memory loss , there 's probably enough residual signal to work with , but not when there 's significant memory loss , " Hampson said . Constantine Lyketsos , professor of psychiatry and behavioral sciences at John Hopkins Medicine in Baltimore which is trialing a deep brain stimulator implant for Alzheimer 's patients was a little skeptical of the other team 's claims . "  The brain has a lot of redundancy , it can function pretty well if loses one or two parts . But memory involves circuits diffusely dispersed throughout the brain so it 's hard to envision . " However , he added that it was more likely to be successful in helping victims of stroke or localized brain injury as indeed its makers are aiming to do . The UK 's Alzheimer 's Society is cautiously optimistic . "  Finding ways to combat symptoms caused by changes in the brain is an ongoing battle for researchers . An implant like this one is an interesting avenue to explore , " said Doug Brown , director of research and development . Hampson says the team 's breakthrough is "  like the difference between a cane , to help you walk , and a prosthetic limb -- it 's two different approaches . " It will still take time for many people to accept their findings and their claims , he says , but they do n't expect to have a shortage of volunteers stepping forward to try their implant -- the project is partly funded by the U.S. military which is looking for help with battlefield injuries . There are U.S. soldiers coming back from operations with brain trauma and a neurologist at DARPA  the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency  is asking "  what can you do for my boys ? " Hampson says . "  That 's what it 's all about . "	U.S. researchers hoping to start human trials of memory implants in next two years Studies focusing on the hippocampus , where short-term memories become long term Successful trials already carried out on rats and monkeys Implants could help stroke victims and patients with localized brain injuries
