WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Frank Buckles considered it his duty to represent his fellow soldiers at Arlington National Cemetery on Veterans Day . Frank Buckles , 107 and the last living U.S. WWI veteran , said it was his duty to represent his fallen soldiers . "  I have to , " he told CNN , "  because I 'm the last living member of Americans " who fought in what was called The Great War . Buckles , 107 , who is the sole living U.S. World War I veteran , attended ceremonies Tuesday at the grave of Gen. John Pershing , the top U.S. commander in that war . He was present for the first Veterans Day in 1918 -- though it was originally called Armistice Day -- that marked the end of WWI . Buckles was warmly greeted with standing applause by those in uniform and others who had gathered for the commemoration , but he said he did not think the fuss was about him . "  I can see what they 're honoring , the veterans of World War I. " "  Time has passed very quickly to me , " he said after a wreath-laying . "  I 've had a lot of activity in the last 90 years . " Watch interview with Frank Buckles " According to an autobiography released this year by the Pentagon , Buckles was eager to join the war . Although only 16 in the summer of 1917 , he lied about his age to get into the armed services . He said his recruiter told him "  the Ambulance Service was the quickest way to get to France , " so he took training in trench casualty retrieval . Buckles was an officer 's escort in France before joining a detail transporting German prisoners of war . A few decades later , Buckles was in the Philippines as a civilian , on the day in December 1941 that Japan attacked Pearl Harbor . He was taken as a prisoner of war in Manila and held for 39 months . Today Buckles is the symbolic leader of a drive to improve a run-down city-owned memorial on the National Mall for those lost in the World War I . The gazebo-styled structure was built in the 1930s . There is no national memorial in the nation 's capital for the troops known as "  doughboys " who served in the war that ended 90 years ago . Legislation in Congress would provide federal funding to restore and enhance the city 's memorial . A $ 182 million World War II memorial was dedicated on the National Mall in 2004 .	Frank Buckles , 107 , is the last living U.S. veteran of WWI Buckles was present for first Veterans Day in 1918 when it was Armistice Day Buckles said it was his duty to represent soldiers since he is last WWI vet There is no national memorial in Washington for WWI veterans
There are many groups listed by the U.S. State Department as terrorists . But few fit the classic definition -- threatening and inflicting terror on a civilian population -- better than Boko Haram in northern Nigeria . What 's more difficult to work out , beyond Boko Haram 's hatred for everything modern and secular , is its ideology , structure and affiliations . Boko Haram 's modus operandi is all too clear : brutal and indiscriminate killings of both Christians and Muslims in northern Nigeria , the bombings of churches and suicide attacks in the federal capital , Abuja , including the devastating car bombing of the U.N. compound in 2011 . Recent attacks in the northeast , mainly in rural areas of Borno state , have left dozens dead . Victims are shot at point-blank range or stabbed and mutilated . Some attacks have lasted hours without any police or military intervention . In the first three months of this year , Amnesty International estimates , Boko Haram was responsible for the deaths of more than 1,500 people . In April , the group added mass abduction to its repertoire with the kidnapping of more than 200 girls ages 16 to 18 from a boarding school in Borno . "  Slavery is allowed in my religion , and I shall capture people and make them slaves , " Abubakar Shekau , the leader of Boko Haram , declared in a chilling video released in May . It was a message typical of a medieval mindset , reflecting the admiration for the Taliban that inspired his predecessor , Mohammed Yusuf . Boko Haram and other factions have carried out kidnappings on a smaller scale , targeting Western workers and tourists . Rescue attempts -- by Nigerian security forces and in one instance in concert with UK special forces -- have ended with the deaths of hostages . In one instance last year , Boko Haram allegedly received a substantial ransom  rumored to be in excess of $ 3 million  for the release of a French family abducted in northern Cameroon . Why would anyone join a group so focused on killing , maiming and kidnapping civilians , one with such an incoherent , apocalyptic but resolutely backward mindset ? Boko Haram , whose real name translates as the Sunni Group for Preaching and Jihad , feeds on the poverty and discrimination felt by many young Muslims in northern Nigeria . Shekau persistently recalls perceived persecution of Nigeria 's Muslims by Christians , among whom President Goodluck Jonathan is the latest "  oppressor . " A lure for young men In a region where unemployment is pervasive , the promise of a weapon and plunder has been enticing to hundreds of young men . In a recent report , the International Crisis Group noted that "  most Nigerians are poorer today than they were at independence in 1960 ... and the government is unable to provide security , good roads , water , health and reliable education . " The central government 's heavy-handed and frequently untargeted anti-terrorism campaign has radicalized enough young men to sustain Boko Haram . The country 's own Human Rights Commission last year accused the military of arbitrary killings , torture and rape in its campaign against the group . Jonathan 's declaration of a state of emergency a year ago in three northern states failed to halt or even stem the tide of killings . John Campbell , a former U.S. ambassador to Nigeria and now a fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations , says , "  the security forces have proven remarkably ineffective in securing territory or people within the areas under the state of emergency . " This makes for fertile territory for Boko Haram , with its demand for Sharia law and rejection of all things Western  especially education for girls  . It is no coincidence that Nigeria and Pakistan see the most militant attacks on schools and colleges . Among Boko Haram 's targets in recent months : a secondary school in Mamudo , where 42 students were killed , and another on an agricultural college near Damaturu in Yobe state , where more than 40 were killed . Boko Haram 's outlook and that of the Pakistani Taliban have similarities , even if their origins are very different . Both have thrived in  usually rural  areas where the state 's authority is weak , exploiting corruption and sectarian fault lines . Both have also targeted workers involved in trying to eradicate polio . Both recruit from Islamic schools  whose students are called almajiris in northern Nigeria  where memorizing the Quran is the core of the curriculum . The emergence of civilian vigilante groups in cities like Maiduguri has driven Boko Haram into the remote northeastern corner of Nigeria , close to the borders with Cameroon and Chad . It has a network of camps in the thick forests of the Sambisa Reserve , which is where at least some of the abducted schoolgirls are likely to have been taken . Boko Haram and al Qaeda There 's no firm evidence as yet that Boko Haram has ambitions beyond Nigeria , though its campaign of terror has spilled into remote parts of Cameroon and it appears to have informal links with militant Islamist groups in Mali and Niger . And for a while in 2012 , Shekau sought refuge in Gao in northern Mali , a town then held by the Movement for Unity and Jihad in West Africa , after being wounded in a shootout with Nigerian security forces . Shekau has declared his allegiance to al Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri . But Boko Haram 's structure and ideology are so opaque and its focus so local that al Qaeda 's leadership has thus far -- at least publicly -- shunned it . Other factions that have broken with Shekau may have broader ambitions . Jacob Zenn , an expert on Boko Haram and its several offshoots , wrote in a recent edition of the Combating Terrorism Center 's Sentinel that some leaders "  are uniquely capable of expanding Boko Haram 's international connections to al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb  AQIM  , al-Shabaab " in Somalia and other militant groups . Zenn , an analyst with the Jamestown Foundation , says that Mamman Nur , said to have masterminded the bombing of the United Nations building in Abuja , has trained with Al-Shabaab . Another senior figure , Adam Kambar , "  became the leader of an AQIM training camp " before being killed in 2012 . Kambar led the most effective of several factions : Ansaru , whose full name is Vanguards for the Protection of Muslims in Black Africa . The group emerged in 2012 in opposition to Shekau 's targeting of Nigerian civilians . Its members are said to have received training with jihadist groups in Algeria , and it appears to have a broader canvas than does Shekau . In January 2013 , Ansaru attacked a convoy of Nigerian troops on their way to support the French operation against al Qaeda in Mali . It has also targeted western workers , killing seven engineers in Bauchi early last year . Just who leads Ansaru is a mystery ; its videos show only veiled men . But according to the International Crisis Group , the group is now led by Khalid Barnawi , who has close links with al Qaeda in the Islamic Mahgreb and has profited from its part in the kidnapping business . Yet another faction called itself al Qaeda in the Land Beyond the Sahel , a nod toward al Qaeda in the Islamic Mahgreb and its ambitions for a broad West African jihadist front . The group 's abduction and eventual murder of two foreign construction workers in 2012 bore the hallmarks of Mokhtar Belmokhtar , an al Qaeda in the Islamic Mahgreb leader in Mali who has turned kidnapping into a lucrative business . A more dangerous beast No one  apart from Boko Haram 's leaders  believes the group can overthrow the Nigerian state . It has no presence in the oil-rich south  even if Shekau threatens to attack oil refineries there  , and its fighters probably number in the hundreds at most . But it can drain the federal government of resources , damage Nigeria 's international reputation and turn swathes of northern Nigeria into no-go zones .  The governor of Borno state admitted it was too dangerous for him to travel to the Sambisa area . The International Crisis Group says the fractured militant groups in northern Nigeria are "  unlikely ever to be completely suppressed , unless the government wins local hearts and minds by implementing fundamental political reforms to address bad governance , corruption and underdevelopment . " There have been few signs of such an approach -- and its absence may usher in a much worse scenario . Greater cooperation between Boko Haram , Ansaru and other militant factions in the region could create an altogether more dangerous beast , according to Zenn , creating "  a multimillion-dollar "  terrorism economy " in the southern Sahel that fuels corruption and raises tensions between neighboring countries and the region 's Muslims and Christians . "	Boko Haram , blamed in hundreds of deaths , added mass abduction to its repertoire in April Group 's promises of weapons , plunder lure Nigeria 's young men There 's no evidence that Boko Haram has aspirations beyond Nigeria But splinter groups may have broader ambitions
CNN  -- The Scottish Football Association  SFA  has demanded an apology from their Brazilian counterparts after allegations of racism marred a friendly between the two countries . Brazil striker Neymar scored twice in the game held at Arsenal 's Emirates Stadium in London on Sunday but accused Scottish fans of racism after he was booed . A banana was also thrown onto the pitch but police confirmed it was thrown by a German tourist in the crowd and said they were satisfied there was no racial element to it . Will Neymar win 2014 World Cup for Brazil ? But Scottish fans were appalled that Neymar suggested after the match he was booed because of his color , stating they had jeered the striker due to his constant playacting . Now Scottish FA chief executive Stewart Regan wants a formal apology from Brazil saying they were "  dismayed " by the claims . He said in a statement on the SFA website : "  It is very disappointing that this episode threatened to overshadow an entertaining match , played amidst a real carnival atmosphere created by supporters of both teams . "  Scotland and Brazil have played many times over the years , each time in a colorful and friendly environment , and we feel that it 's necessary to draw a line under Sunday 's events . "  Scotland 's supporters were genuinely upset and annoyed that the unfounded allegations leveled against them threatened to sully their reputation as fair , good humored and respectful spectators . "  As the matter has been resolved , and Scotland supporters cleared of any involvement , we felt it was only right that we acted on behalf of our supporters to request an apology either from the player involved , or the Brazilian FA . "	Scottish Football Association demand apology from their Brazilian counterparts SFA are dismayed Scottish fans were accused of racism during a friendly on Sunday Brazil striker Neymar claimed he was booed because of his color Scottish fans say he was jeered for his playacting
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The U.S. Food and Drug Administration announced Wednesday that laboratory tests on popular smoking devices known as electronic cigarettes have found they contain carcinogens and other toxic chemicals dangerous to humans . E-cigarettes are battery-operated and contain cartridges filled with nicotine and other chemicals . Known as "  e-cigarettes , " the devices are battery-operated and contain cartridges filled with nicotine and other chemicals , spiced with flavors such as chocolate , cola or bubble gum . While manufacturers tout e-cigarettes as a "  healthy way " to smoke , federal health officials say the devices turn nicotine , which is highly addictive , and other chemicals into a vapor that is inhaled by the user . "  The FDA is concerned about the safety of these products and how they are marketed to the public , " said Dr. Margaret A. Hamburg , commissioner of the FDA . CNN contacted Florida-based Smoking Everywhere , one of the largest manufacturers of e-cigarettes , after the FDA announcement , and a spokeswoman said the company had no comment . Because e-cigarettes have not been submitted to the FDA for evaluation or approval , the agency had no way of knowing the levels of nicotine or the amounts or kinds of other chemicals that the various brands of these products deliver to the user . That is why the FDA began to test them . The FDA 's Division of Pharmaceutical Analysis analyzed the ingredients in a small sample of cartridges from two leading brands of e-cigarettes . In releasing its information , the FDA did not identify the two companies , but said in one sample , diethylene glycol -- a chemical used in antifreeze that is toxic to humans -- was detected . Other samples detected carcinogens that are dangerous to those who smoke them , the FDA said . The FDA has been examining and seizing shipments of non-U.S.-made e-cigarettes at the U.S. border since summer 2008 . To date , 50 shipments have been stopped . The products examined thus far meet the definition of a combination drug-device product under the Federal Food , Drug , and Cosmetic Act . "  We know very little about these devices , said Dr. Jonathan Samet , director of the Institute for Global Health at the University of Southern California , "  but to say they are healthy -- that 's highly doubtful . " Samet and other health experts attended the FDA announcement on its findings . Dr. Jonathan Winickoff , chairman of the American Academy of Pediatrics Tobacco Consortium , said parents need to be aware of e-cigarettes . "  It is very important that parents let their children know these are not safe and to make recommendations , or even enforce rules that they not be used , " he said . "  Children who use these products may also be using other tobacco products , " said Dr. Matthew McKenna , director of the Office of Smoking and Health , Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . "  It 's a good idea to make sure the child is aware of the dangers of tobacco in products in general . " The FDA has been challenged regarding its jurisdiction over certain e-cigarettes in a case pending in federal court . The FDA suggested health care professionals and consumers report serious side effects or product quality problems with the use of e-cigarettes to the FDA 's MedWatch Adverse Event Reporting Program either online , by regular mail , fax or phone . CNN 's Valerie Willingham contributed to this report .	FDA lab tests on e-cigarettes find carcinogens and other toxic chemicals E-cigarettes are battery operated , contain cartridges filled with nicotine , chemicals They turn nicotine , chemicals into a vapor that is inhaled by the user Product had not been submitted to the FDA for evaluation or approval
CNN  -- Jo-Wilfried Tsonga 's hopes of reaching the ATP World Tour Finals suffered a blow Saturday as the top seed crashed out of the Erste Bank Open in Austria . The Frenchman is ranked ninth in the Race to London , but at this stage would take one of the eight places on offer due to Andy Murray 's season-ending back surgery . However , while Tsonga lost in the Vienna semis to Dutchman Robin Haase , his 10th-ranked compatriot Richard Gasquet earned a place in the final of the Kremlin Cup in Moscow to boost his chances of grabbing one of the four remaining spots . Former world No. 5 Tsonga is seeking to catch up on points after struggling with injury earlier this season , missing three months as he sat out the U.S. Open . He could have moved above Swiss duo Roger Federer and Stanislas Wawrinka by adding to his 2011 Vienna crown this weekend "  I 'm not in the best of shape and it showed out there , " Tsonga told reporters . "  But I have to keep playing if I want to make London . "  I had my chances but he was too good . I just have to keep fighting and trying to win matches . " World No. 63 Haase , who won the Austrian Open clay event in 2011 and 2012 , will take on German veteran Tommy Haas in the final of the indoor hard-court tournament on Sunday . Haas is ranked 12th in the ATP standings but has a big gap to make up on Tsonga and Gasquet . "  There 's still a chance , but obviously I will have to play extremely well next week and also in Paris , maybe even win Paris , " said the 35-year-old , who made his debut in the Vienna event in 1997 and won the title in 2001 . He reached his third final this season , and 27th overall , after beating 44th-ranked Czech Lukas Rosol 3-6 6-4 7-6  7-0  to take his record to 46-19 in 2013 . Gasquet , the top men 's seed this week in Russia , reached the final with a 6-4 7-5 win over Croatia 's Ivo Karlovic . He will next play Kazakh qualifier Mikhail Kukushkin , who beat Italy 's defending champion Andreas Seppi 6-1 1-6 6-4 . Victory will put Gasquet above Tsonga in the ATP standings ahead of next week 's events in Valencia and Basel , with the Paris Masters closing the regular season the following week . Fourth-ranked David Ferrer , who has already qualified for London , reached the final of the Stockholm Open with a 3-6 6-4 6-1 win over Latvia 's Ernests Gulbis . The Spanish top seed will next play Bulgaria 's Grigor Dmitrov , who beat France 's Benoit Paire 4-6 6-2 6-2 . Meanwhile , the WTA Tour announced Saturday that former world No. 1 Caroline Wozniacki and American Sloane Stephens will be the alternates for the season-ending championships in Istanbul next week . The duo can expect to be called up if any of the eight qualified players pull out of the tournament . The draw for the two groups will take place Sunday . None of that line-up are involved in this week 's events in Moscow and Luxembourg . Luxembourg top seed Wozniacki , ranked 10th , will face Germany 's Annika Beck in Sunday 's final . The Dane , who has reportedly split with golf star boyfriend Rory McIlroy , defeated German third seed Sabine Lisicki while Beck went through when Stefanie Voegele retired in the second set of their semi . Former U.S. Open champion Sam Stosur will contest the Kremlin Cup final against Romanian fifth seed Simona Halep . The Australian , who won the Osaka title last weekend , beat two-time grand slam winner Svetlana Kuznetsova 6-2 6-4 while Halep defeated another Russian , Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova , 6-2 6-1 .	Top seed Jo-Wilfried Tsonga loses in semifinals of Austrian tournament Fellow Frenchman Richard Gasquet can gain ground by winning Moscow title Fourth-ranked David Ferrer through to final of Stockholm Open Caroline Wozniacki reaches final of Luxembourg Open
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Bush on Wednesday signed the Economic Stimulus Act of 2008 , calling it a "  booster shot " for the American economy . "  The bill I 'm signing today is large enough to have an impact , amounting to more than $ 152 billion this year , or about 1 percent of the GDP  gross domestic product  , " the president said in the brief ceremony in the East Room of the White House . The government hopes the measure , which will send most Americans tax rebate checks by May , will either prevent a recession or make one relatively brief . The package also includes tax breaks for equipment purchases by businesses , as well as payments to disabled veterans and some senior citizens . The bipartisan measure moved through Congress at relative break-neck speed , going from initial discussions to enactment in less than four weeks . The package will pay $ 600 to most individual taxpayers and $ 1,200 to married taxpayers filing joint returns , so long as they are below income caps of $ 75,000 for individuals and $ 150,000 for couples . There is also a $ 300 per child tax credit . Watch Bush sign stimulus bill into law " The rebates will put about $ 120 billion in the hands of individuals in the hope that they will spend it and boost a faltering U.S. economy . Economists generally agree that the economy should see a boost from the rebate checks . But most also agree that the full impact will be less than the total value of the stimulus package . That 's because some recipients are expected to save their rebates or use them to pay down credit cards or other debt instead of spending it . In addition , some consumers may spend their rebates on imported items , which would provide a more limited lift to the U.S. economy . "  My guess is that of the $ 110 billion to $ 120 billion of tax rebates , about half will go to U.S. products and services , " said David Wyss , chief economist for Standard & Poor 's . There also are questions about whether the stimulus will actually be the key to ending or preventing a recession . Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson said last week that the Internal Revenue Service planned to send the rebate checks to about 130 million Americans . "  They 're going to be getting ready to get checks out , and believe me , they will . ... And this is largely going to be done by the time summer 's over . And so we 're going to move quickly and make a difference , " he said Bush praised the quick work of the House and Senate and urged Americans not to "  overreact " to the current economic troubles . "  In the past seven years , the system has absorbed shocks : recession , corporate scandals , terror attacks , global war ; yet the genius of our system is that it can absorb such shocks and emerge even stronger , " he said . "  In a dynamic market economy , our economy will prosper and it will continue to be the marvel of the world . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Adam Levine contributed to this report .	President Bush signs $ 152 billion economic stimulus bill Congress passed the bipartisan bill last week Plan would send rebate checks up to $ 600 for individuals and $ 1,200 for couples Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson says IRS should mail checks by early May
CNN  -- Israeli President Shimon Peres said he had an amicable phone conversation with Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan , a day after Erdogan stormed offstage during an angry exchange with Peres at the World Economic Forum in Davos , Switzerland . Turkish PM Recep Tayyip Erdogan leaves the stage Thursday , as Israeli President Shimon Peres sits , left . Peres said he and Erdogan did not take the spat personally . "  I called him up and said , yes , it 's nothing against you , nothing against Turkey . We consider you as a friend , " Peres said . He said Erdogan reciprocated . Although there was no mention of an apology , Peres said there was a polite exchange between the two leaders . "  I did n't take it personally . I did n't go for a personal fight . I answered unfounded accusations . It was my duty . And they did n't change my mind , " he said . Watch Shimon Peres on the Gaza conflict " Turkey , a predominantly Muslim nation , has long been the Jewish state 's closest military and economic partner in the region , and Turkey recently mediated indirect peace talks between Israel and Syria . But many Turks have been incensed with Israel over its three-week military operation that ended there earlier this month . And in Davos , Erdogan was angered after Peres said that Israel is committed to peace and blamed Hamas for the fighting in Gaza , where Israel staged a three-week military operation that ended earlier this month . When Erdogan began responding , a moderator cut him off , saying the debate had run over its allotted time . Erdogan patted the moderator on the arm until he was granted one more minute to respond . Watch commentary on Erdogan 's angry exchange " "  I know the reason behind raising your voice is because of the guilty psychology , " he said to Peres . "  My voice will not be that loud . You must know that . When it comes to killing -- you know killing very well . I know how you hit , kill children on the beaches . " He then left the stage , complaining that Peres was receiving preferential treatment . "  From now on , Davos is finished for me , " Erdogan said . "  I will not come back . You wo n't let people talk . You gave him 25 minutes , but you gave me 12 minutes . This is not right . " Erdogan had described the military campaign against Hamas fighters in Gaza as "  barbaric " and accused Israel of using excessive force . He said : "  The Palestinian Territories are like an open-air prison , isolated from the world . I have always been a leader who said anti-Semitism is a crime against humanity . But so is anti-Islamism . " Peres had said Hamas was responsible for the "  tragedy , " accusing the Islamist militants of creating a "  dangerous dictatorship . " "  Israel left Gaza completely -- no occupation , " Peres said . "  I want to understand why they throw rockets at us . " On Friday , after his outburst , Erdogan returned home to a hero 's welcome . Thousands of people lined up at Ataturk Airport in Istanbul , cheering and waving signs . A large banner read , "  You Will Never Walk Alone , " and smaller signs bore phrases including "  Davos Conqueror . " People also were seen waving Turkish and Palestinian flags and throwing flowers on the road leading to Erdogan 's home . Despite the glowing response at the airport , there has been some criticism in the Turkish media of Erdogan 's exchange with the Israeli president . CNN Turk 's Deniz Bayramoglu said the issue was still "  hot " with Erdogan 's secularist political opponents speaking out against the prime minister . "  They also say that Israel 's behavior in Gaza is unacceptable but they are very critical of Prime Minister Erdogan 's behavior , " Bayramoglu said . "  Some are saying they are really proud of Prime Minister Erdogan and some are saying it is a diplomatic scandal . " Erdogan explained whom he was directing his anger at during a news conference at the airport . "  My words were only to the Israeli government , not the Israeli people , " he said . CNN 's Simon Hooper and Talia Kayali contributed to this report .	Turkish Prime Minister angered during debate on Gaza at World Economic Forum Recep Tayyip Erdogan called Israel 's Gaza campaign "  barbaric , " stormed off stage Israeli president Shimon Peres said he and Erdogan did not take spat personally Erdogan returned home to a hero 's welcome in Istanbul
CNN Student News  -- September 8 , 2010 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Colorado • Texas • Japan Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : I 'm Carl Azuz and you 're watching CNN Student News ! Today 's headlines , no commercials . Bringing you stories from all over the U.S. today , and we start things off in Colorado . First Up : Colorado Wildfires AZUZ : That 's where authorities are trying to put out a wildfire that 's been burning for a couple days now . The state 's governor has declared a state of emergency . The fire is near the city of Boulder . Around 3,500 people were told to leave their homes , and school was canceled in the area . As of yesterday afternoon , there had n't been any reports of injuries . Planes , like the one you see here , are dropping fire retardant , chemicals that are used to try to put out the fires . The planes can only fly in certain conditions , though , so if the weather gets bad or the wind picks up , that can be problematic . Officials say that more equipment and more firefighters are heading to the area to help out with the efforts there . Tropical Storm Hermine AZUZ : These images were taken in Texas on Monday night . They give you an idea of the conditions caused by Tropical Storm Hermine . This storm made landfall near Brownsville . It got weaker as it moved across the state , but Hermine still dumped huge amounts of rain on parts of Texas . Forecasters expected some areas to get up to 10 inches of rain . And in the southern part of the state , Hermine threatened what are called "  storm surges . " Those can raise water levels ; in this case , maybe as much as 3 feet . Just the Facts TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Just the facts . The Quran is the holy book of the Islamic religion . Its name comes from an Arabic term that means "  the recitation . " The Quran is made up of 114 chapters , which are divided into different verses . It includes specific laws and rules for Islamic society , as well as guidance for Muslims about their daily lives . Quran Controversy AZUZ : The Quran is a big part of a protest that 's scheduled for this Saturday . The Dove World Outreach Church in Gainesville , Florida is planning to burn Qurans . Terry Jones , the church 's pastor , says the protest is aimed at Islamic extremists , not at all Muslims . And he acknowledges that it 'll make some people upset . TERRY JONES , CHURCH PASTOR , DOVE WORLD OUTREACH : We feel that the message that we are trying to send is much more important than people being offended . We believe that we can not back off of the truth of the dangers of Islam , of the dangers of radical Islam just because people are going to be offended . AZUZ : A lot of people are criticizing this idea to burn Qurans . That includes other religious leaders . Some of them came together in Washington , D.C. yesterday to speak out against the plan . DR. GERALD DULEY , PASTOR , PROVIDENCE MISSIONARY BAPTIST CHURCH , ATLANTA , GA : Religious leaders denounce anti-Muslim bigotry and call for respect for America 's tradition of religious liberty . As religious leaders in this great country , we have come together in our nation 's capital to denounce categorically the derision , misinformation and outright bigotry being directed against America 's Muslim community . AZUZ : Another group that 's spoken out against this is the U.S. military . In a statement , General David Petraeus -- he 's the U.S. commander in Afghanistan -- said burning Qurans "  could endanger troops and it could endanger the overall effort in Afghanistan . " Blog Promo AZUZ : Well , there are always interesting comments on this , not only from the people involved in the story , but from you . We 've put up a post on our blog at CNNStudentNews.com where you can talk this story , you can talk about how you feel about it . This Day in History GRAPHIC : September 8 , 1504 -- Michelangelo 's "  David " statue is unveiled in Florence , Italy September 8 , 1565 -- St. Augustine , Florida , the oldest city in the U.S. , is established September 8 , 1900 -- A Category 4 hurricane hits Galveston , Texas , killing more than 8,000 people September 8 , 1974 -- President Gerald Ford pardons former President Richard Nixon for any crimes he may have committed while in office September 8 , 1998 -- Mark McGwire breaks Roger Maris ' record for the most home runs in a single season Is This Legit ? JOHN LISK , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Is this legit ? Worldwide , one out of every 10 adults is illiterate . Not legit . It 's actually twice that many -- one out of every five adults -- who ca n't read or write . International Literacy Day AZUZ : Some surprising numbers , and those are part of the reason why the United Nations created International Literacy Day . It 's designed to raise awareness about literacy needs around the world . The theme of this year 's event is "  Literacy and Women 's Empowerment . " According to the U.N. , two-thirds of the world 's illiterate adults are women . The organization says that literacy is a basic human right because it 's the main tool for learning . CEO Principal AZUZ : Sticking with the education theme , different teachers have different teaching methods . You know that ; you 're aware of it ; you see it all the time . In Japan , one principal is running his school like a business . And based on his students ' test scores , it 's working . Kyung Lah shows us how he 's making the grade . BEGIN VIDEO KYUNG LAH , CNN CORRESPONDENT , TOKYO : The school day begins at Wada Junior High with drills ; math drills , as fast as these kids can do them . The theory here : train the brain with drills , much in the same way puzzles may prevent dementia among the elderly . Principal Akihisa Shirota believes it so much , he joins the students . School curriculum is the basics , plus lessons from real-world business and community leaders to show kids where the basics will take them . Revolutionary for a Japanese school system known for rigidity and formality . But Shirota is not your average principal . He 's not even a trained educator . He 's a businessman who started and then ran publishing at high-tech companies . His lack of experience in this setting is what led the school to recruit him . "  Principals are people who became teachers right after graduating from college , " says Shirota . "  That limits any outside the box thinking , " he explains . He runs the school more like a corporation ; students , his workers . And he keeps track of them . You know all the names of all the students . PRINCIPAL AKIHISA SHIROTA , WADA JUNIOR HIGH : No only name , but also their testing score . LAH : You know their test scores and their names ? SHIROTA : Yes , yes , yes . LAH : Every single one . SHIROTA : All of them . LAH "  He 's different , " says a student . "  More like a friend sometimes , but still the boss . " In the three years since Shirota has been principal , the school claims higher test scores . The result , he believes , of a number of innovations . It 's 6:40 in the evening and students are still here at Wada Junior High School . The reason why : night school is about to begin . This is an unusual move by this public school to try to boost its test scores . It 's where I meet 15-year-old Koya Nakamora . "  We start at 7:00 p.m. , " Nakamora explains . He 's been in school since 8:00 in the morning and leaves at 9:30 at night . Critics call this too tough for a public school , but Shirota says the old must give way to new thinking . And other educators in the country are taking note . The bottom line , says this former businessman , if Japan 's corporations must adapt and compete in a global economy , it only makes sense that , so too , must Japan 's schools . Kyung Lah , CNN , Tokyo . END VIDEO Off the Beaten Path AZUZ : Well , it is time for our first field trip of the school year : Off the Beaten Path . Turns out , people had a lot of time on their hands over the long Labor Day weekend . BEGIN VIDEO AZUZ : Honestly , who does n't dream of being a champion arm wrestler ? Okay , do n't answer that . Just arm yourself for a battle of the biceps ! At Canada 's National Arm Rasslin ' Championships , it 's about technique . For some , it 's all in the wrist . For some , it 's in speed . And for some , it 's in the face . Would you wan na hold hands with this guy ? UNIDENTIFIED MALE : When they mean redneck festival , they mean redneck festival . AZUZ : But we 're not still talking about arm wrestling . We 're talking about this : Pennsylvania 's annual Redneck Festival ! You can ride the bull or barrel . You can shop for jewelry or aluminum . UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE : They sell like hotcakes . AZUZ : But if a "  haybale obstacle course " is n't your speed , saddle up for a one-wheeled whirl across the Brooklyn Bridge ! When you 're too coordinated for two wheels , you do n't just want to boast balance ; you want to show stunts . This person had a "  can-do " attitude . At least people would hear it if he fell . It 's easy to see how all this pedal-spinning can make your head spin . So without a wheel , why not just turn yourself around at a Hawkeye State Hokey Pokey ? To get this many people over age 8 to participate , you must be trying to set a record . And they did : a Guinness World Record . More than 7,300 hokey pokers putting their hands into history . That 's what it 's all about when you journey Off the Beaten Path . END VIDEO Goodbye AZUZ : A world record is always cool , even if group dances are a little hokey . And those unicycle guys are wheelie awesome . Time for us to brake for the day ; I know it breaks your heart . CNN Student News returns tomorrow . Have a great one . Talk to you then !	Learn about efforts to contain a wildfire burning across parts of Colorado Consider a controversy surrounding a protest that involves the Quran Head to Japan to visit a school that the principal runs like a business Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
CNN  "  Fast Times at Ridgemont High " actor and comedian Taylor Negron has died after a long battle with cancer . He was 57 . Cousin Chuck Negron , the former lead singer for 1970s band Three Dog Night , announced his death . "  I want to inform you that my cousin Taylor Negron just passed away , " he said in a YouTube video posted Saturday . "  His mother , his brother , Alex , and my brother , Rene , and his wife ... were all there with him . May he rest in peace . " If you 're having trouble placing Negron , think back to the iconic pizza delivery scene in 1982 's "  Fast Times at Ridgemont High . " He was the guy who interrupted Mr. Hand 's class to drop off a pizza for Jeff Spicoli , played by a young Sean Penn. . While seldom playing any big roles over the years , Negron kept busy in Hollywood . IMDb.com lists 130 acting credits . He played the bad guy in "  The Last Boy Scout , " with Bruce Willis and Damon Wayans . He also had parts in a host of TV shows , including "  Friends , " "  Wizards of Waverly Place , " "  Seinfeld , " and "  Curb Your Enthusiasm . " People we 've lost in 2015 Negron was also popular as a stand-up comic and was eulogized by some of the biggest names in the business on Twitter .	Taylor Negron has a long list of acting credits , although few in big roles He was also popular as a stand-up comic
CNN  -- Three years ago , a federal court found the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers responsible for the catastrophic flooding of New Orleans during Hurricane Katrina in 2005 . On Monday , an appeals court threw that decision out . The new court decision , which potentially gets the government off the hook for tens of millions of dollars in damages , is based on a legal provision specifically designed to keep courts from second-guessing government decisions when the government is sued for its actions or inaction . Residents of New Orleans , where more than 1,000 people were killed and many thousands made homeless in one of the worst disasters in American history , have been suing the corps , arguing that it failed to maintain a Mississippi river canal and did n't protect the city properly from the storm . A federal judge issued a blistering decision against the corps in 2009 , accusing it of negligence over a period of 40 years because of "  insouciance , myopia and short-sightedness . " The real trouble begins after the storm U.S. District Court Judge Stanwood Duval Jr. awarded hundreds of thousands of dollars in damages to each of five families that lived in the worst-hit sections of the city : the Lower 9th Ward and St. Bernard Parish . The ruling opened the way for about 100,000 other homes and businesses in the affected area to claim compensation , theoretically making the government liable for tens of millions of dollars . But a higher court reversed the decision Monday . The appeals court found that the government could not be held responsible because of a provision known as the discretionary function exception , or DFE , which says the government ca n't be sued for actions that an agency or government employee makes , or fails to make , if the function is discretionary . The DFE is intended to prevent courts from second-guessing government decisions "  grounded in social , economic , and political policy " during the course of lawsuits , the appeals court said . "  Our application of the DFE ... completely insulates the government from liability , " the three judges hearing the case wrote . Monday 's ruling is not final . Plaintiffs can ask the full 5th Circuit Court to rehear the case , or they can appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court . Katrina made landfall on the morning of August 29 , 2005 , between Grand Isle , Louisiana , and the mouth of the Mississippi River . A few hours later , the storm again crossed over land on the other side of the river , its winds only slightly diminished . Once a Category 5 storm , it had weakened to a Category 3 storm with 127 mph winds when it hit . Katrina devastated New Orleans when the city 's levee system failed and widespread flooding occurred . More than 1,800 people died in the storm , nearly 1,600 in Louisiana . Overall , the storm damage covered more than 90,000 square miles and displaced nearly 300,000 people , causing more than $ 81 billion in damage . The Federal Emergency Management Agency called Katrina "  the single most catastrophic natural disaster in U.S. history . " The plaintiffs who sued the government said the Army Corps of Engineers ' failure to properly maintain the Mississippi River-Gulf Outlet canal made the flooding significantly worse than it would otherwise have been . In the 2009 district court ruling , Duval wrote that because the corps failed to maintain the shipping channel , erosion widened it , and its banks -- which helped protect the levees -- deteriorated , leaving the levees unprotected , undermined and more vulnerable to waves coming off Lake Borgne . The corps also failed to take other actions , such as armoring the banks with rocks , attorneys for the plaintiffs said . CNN 's Ashley Hayes and Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	An appeals court says the government is immune from the lawsuit Residents of New Orleans sued the corps , saying its failures made flooding worse An earlier ruling blasted the engineers for "  myopia and short-sightedness " The new ruling could get the government off the hook for potentially huge bills
CNN  -- They smell bad , ca n't talk and generally possess a single-minded hunger for human flesh . Jesse Eisenberg is pursued by zombies in the new release "  Zombieland . " So why , exactly , do we love zombies so much ? According to experts -- and , yes , there are zombie experts -- it 's because for all their limitations , the brain-rotted , animated corpses are so darned versatile -- helping reflect whatever our greatest fears happen to be at the time . "  You ca n't shoot the financial meltdown in the head -- you can do that with a zombie , " said Max Brooks , author of the best-selling "  Zombie Survival Guide " and "  World War Z " -- which is currently in development to become a movie . Watch clips from some essential zombie movies " "  All the other problems are too big . As much as Al Gore tries , you ca n't picture global warming . You ca n't picture the meltdown of our financial institutions . But you can picture a slouching zombie coming down the street . " Zombies initially shuffled onscreen in 1932 as the mindless minions of horror movie legend Bela Lugosi in the film "  White Zombie . " This weekend , they 'll chase a shotgun-and-banjo-toting Woody Harrelson through an amusement park when "  Zombieland " opens . They 've also starred in video games , music videos , pop songs and books , picking up a devoted , if not obsessive , set of fans along the way . Since ancient times , monster stories have been used to channel other concerns about life and death , said Andrea Wood , a graduate fellow at Georgia Tech who teaches the course "  Apocalyptic Nightmares of the Living Dead " and is working on a book about zombies in popular culture . But the zombie , she said , offers a uniquely blank canvas . "  Since the zombie does n't have the long literary tradition of the vampire or a number of other monsters , it allows artists a degree of autonomy to conceptualize the zombie any way they see fit , " said Wood . Early zombie films like "  White Zombie " and 1943 's "  I Walked With a Zombie " stick to the monster 's Caribbean voodoo traditions , in which some sort of evildoer uses magic to force the recently deceased to do his bidding . It 's no coincidence , says Peter Dendle , an associate professor of English at Pennsylvania State University-Mont Alto , that such stories emerged during the Great Depression . "  The United States that prided itself on individuality and hard work found itself standing in soup lines , " said Dendle , author of "  The Zombie Movie Encyclopedia " and other works about the undead . "  The terror in Haiti is not so much being attacked by a zombie , but becoming one -- having your life and soul taken from you and placed under someone else 's will . " In 1968 , director George A. Romero re-imagined the monsters as flesh-eating ghouls , creating the pop-culture zombie identity that exists to this day . In the turbulent late '60s , Romero 's zombies helped provide some thinly veiled commentary on race , class and the breakdown of the American Dream . Since then , zombie movies have given viewers a way to consider , if indirectly , problems such as natural disasters , technology gone awry , deadly viruses and the daily grind of their own lives . Nervous about warfare and military secrets ? Wait until they unleash a poisonous nerve gas in "  Planet Terror . " Think animal-rights activists go too far ? Watch them rescue and release a monkey that spreads the "  Rage " virus in "  28 Days Later . " And then there 's one of the most basic human fears of all , the fear of death . " -LSB- With zombies -RSB- we see the process of decay as it happens right before our eyes , " Wood said . "  They are this kind of perverse manifestation of humans ' desire for immortality gone horribly awry . " Brooks , whose third book , the graphic novel "  Zombie Survival Guide : Recorded Attacks , " will be released Wednesday , said zombies provide a safe and socially acceptable way to deal with those fears . "  It 's safe to do something like a zombie walk -- it is n't so fun to do a swine flu walk , " Brooks said . "  If , at a party , you bring up how you 'd survive a zombie attack , you 'd be the life of the party . But if you say , ` What would you do if super-AIDS came to America ? ' you 'd clear the room . " Throughout their history , zombie movies have tended to be low-budget affairs . The highest-grossing zombie movie was the 2004 remake of Romero 's "  Dawn of the Dead , " which hauled in about $ 59 million . That put the film at No. 92 on Horror.com 's list of 100 top-grossing horror movies . But the films often achieve cult-classic status , with fans continuing to watch them decades after they 're released . Whether "  Zombieland , " with its big budget and high-profile cast , breaks that trend , nobody is expecting tales of the walking dead to ever go away . "  In the early 2000s , I had all but pronounced the genre dead -- there had n't been a big studio movie in more than 10 years , " he said . "  I 've gone out of that business . I 've pulled up my shingle for pronouncing the death knell of the zombie . " After all , like zombies , zombie movies are remarkably resilient  even when faced with shotguns and chainsaws  . That 's another part of the appeal , experts say -- appeal that can be measured in such things as a 74,000-member Facebook group titled "  The Hardest Part of a Zombie Apocalypse Will Be Pretending I 'm Not Excited . " To promote his books , Brooks travels the country talking about the undead menace . Instead of questions about writing , he said he often gets asked about the best type of ammunition to kill a zombie or the best way to prepare your house for the coming onslaught . "  I 'd say 90 percent are saying , ` We all know it 's fake ; we 're playing along , ' " he said . "  The other 10 percent are saying , ` We 're ready ! ' "  And I 'd say 10 percent of that 10 percent ca n't wait for it to happen . "	It 's cool to be ghoul again -- "  Zombieland " is coming to get you on Friday Zombies personify many phobias , experts say , including fear of death itself Walking corpses are persistent -- both onscreen and in pop culture The undead have many fans ; some ca n't wait to take them on
CNN  -- Andre and Korisha Shipley were still mourning the death of their 17-year-old son , Jesse , when two months after his funeral , they received shocking news from students of the same Staten Island , New York , high school Jesse had attended . Members of a forensic science club on a field trip to the morgue could n't believe what they noticed on a cabinet in the medical examiner 's lab . "  They saw this jar with a brain in it labeled Jesse Shipley , " recalls Korisha Shipley , whose daughter Shannon came home in tears that day delivering the news . "  They knew Jesse and he knew them . They were looking at his brain , and his brain was looking right back at them , " the father adds . Jesse Shipley died in a car accident in January 2005 , and the family members say that even though they agreed to an autopsy , they thought they were burying their son with all of his organs . To them , the cause of death was obvious - blunt trauma resulting from a car accident - so there was no reason for authorities to have kept the brain for further review . The couple are now suing the city for the emotional distress caused by the handling of their son 's remains . "  As far as we understand , during an autopsy you cut open the body , you look for the cause of death , you check out the organs and you put them back in . In this case , it was a little more than that , " Andre Shipley says . In a statement to CNN , the attorney representing the city wrote that although officials sympathize with the family , "  it was within the Medical Examiner 's discretion to perform an autopsy , and in appropriate cases , to remove and retain bodily organs for further testing . " Dr. Victor Weedn , a forensic pathologist and a spokesperson for the National Association of Medical Examiners , says determining cause of death is not as simple as people think . He says it is common practice for medical examiners in the U.S. to save the brain and certain other organs when they think it 's important . "  To say someone died of a motor vehicle accident , does n't really tell us anything , " Weedn explains . "  For example , if a passenger in the backseat was epileptic , their fit could have distracted the driver and led to the death . So , from the outside it may not be so obvious why the person actually died . " Weedn says the brain is preserved for at least two weeks in a formula that firms the matter enough for the coroner to examine it , a process necessary to rule out suspicion and to maintain evidence for cases when the death is determined to be the result of criminal activity . He says the deceased is often buried within that time period . "  We have a certain authority to investigate death for public health and public safety reasons . That is a right pitted against the individual right , and sometimes that does upset families , " he explains . Others , such as University of Pennsylvania medical ethicist Art Caplan , disagree . He says most people recognize the duty of medical examiners to rule out crime , but that does not justify keeping organs . "  The state says we 're going to take this body and examine it to see what might have happened , but we promise you , we 'll give everything back , " Caplan says . "  When you do n't do that , you 're breaking a basic covenant with society and with families . " The College of American Pathologists provides a sample autopsy consent form on its website . According to the form , the consenter authorizes "  the removal , examination , and retention of organs ... as the pathologists deem proper for diagnostic , education , quality improvement and research purposes . " However , the form also states that "  organs and tissues not needed for diagnostic , education , quality improvement , or research purposes will be sent to the funeral home or disposed of appropriately . " According to Caplan , the laws are clear about what a medical examiner should do , but there is little oversight in the industry . He says in situations where an autopsy has been performed and a bereaved family is concerned whether all the remains have been returned , it is usually up to the family to ask . Court documents from the Shipley case indicate that medical examiners have extensive , but not unlimited , discretionary authority . The trial court "  found that questions of fact existed with regard to whether Jesse 's brain had been lawfully retained for scientific purposes , and whether the defendants unlawfully interfered ... by failing to advise -LSB- the family -RSB- at the time the body was released for burial that the brain had been removed and retained . " But , Weedn says approaching the family with this information is an area where even some medical examiners disagree . "  Some forensic pathologists would say going to the family and asking , ` Can I keep this ? ' would further upset them at a time of grieving , " he explains . "  But , there are others who say we really should be asking the family every time . " Still , Weedn says , in some circumstances it is not beneficial to ask family , because the person of you ask permission could potentially be connected to the cause of death . "  It 's all about trust , " says Rebecca Skloot , author of the book , "  The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks , " which explores the history of tissue research in the United States . In her opinion , cases such as the Shipleys ' contribute to a growing mistrust in the medical system . "  People worry things are being done to them without their knowledge , and so they do n't trust doctors , " Skloot explains . "  It does n't matter if you take it out and put on your shelf or send it off to do research , it 's still taking something without people 's knowledge . " Perhaps what 's most extraordinary in the Jesse Shipley case is that the family did find out through the serendipitous field trip students from Jesse 's high school took the morgue . Dr. Cyril H. Wecht , a forensic pathologist and attorney who reviews cases like these but is not involved in the Shipley case , says the medical examiner was right to take out the brain for investigation but was wrong to openly display Shipley 's name on it . "  You 're talking about a matter of sensitivity and common sense , " Wecht says . "  Certainly if you 're going to have student visitors , then you should not have names and numbers available to see . " The Shipleys ' attorney , Marvin Ben Aron , says not only the brain , but parts of the liver and testes were later returned and buried in a small casket with their son 's body . He says handling the remains was the most traumatizing aspect for the family . "  For them , whenever they remember their child , part of their memory is holding a jar of organs in their hands that they never should have known existed , " he explains . He is hoping for a settlement during their October 27 court date . "  I feel bad for those people who found out in the past and even worse for those who never will , " Andre Shipley says . "  We buried our son , and then two months after we had chunks of him coming back to us . This is not the way it 's supposed to be . " CNN 's Elizabeth Cohen contributed to this report .	Andre and Korisha Shipley found out that their son 's brain was not buried along with him A class from Jesse Shipley 's high school saw his labeled organ at the morgue The family is suing the city for emotional distress Legally , the removal of organs is allowed as pathologists deem proper for diagnosis
CNN  -- Why do we watch ? Bob Greene says athletes like Lebron James show us the difference between ordinary effort and excellence . The question applies not just to Sunday 's NBA All-Star Game , although that is the immediate case in point . The outcome of the game is not important -- few people remember who wins the All-Star Game from year to year . The players , while attempting to win , do it with barely concealed smiles on their faces . All-Star weekend is mostly a class reunion for basketball 's elite . But all the games , in all the seasons , in all the big-time sports leagues -- what is the real reason we keep on watching ? You might think that we 'd finally grow weary of caring , with headlines about Alex Rodriguez and Barry Bonds , with the sports pages often reading like the business pages  contract disputes and stadium bond-issue negotiations and salary arbitration  , with police-blotter details sometimes pushing aside the box scores . Why do we watch ? The answer may be found in a single sentence written by a man who died at the age of 76 in this still-new year . John Updike , his literary brilliance aside , was prolific almost beyond belief -- he wrote more than 50 books , and hundreds upon hundreds of essays , short stories , articles , poems and works of criticism . All those careful words , year after year , decade after decade . But of all the sentences Updike ever wrote , there is one that I have long encouraged people to carry around with them -- if not literally tucked into their wallets , then somewhere in their heads and in their hearts . In that sentence of Updike 's lies the secret to a lot of things -- including the secret that answers : Why do we watch ? The sentence appeared in Updike 's 1960 nonfiction piece about Ted Williams 's last game for the Boston Red Sox . That piece is famous for how Updike explained Williams 's refusal to come out of the dugout and acknowledge the cheering , crying fans after his home run in his final at-bat : "  Gods do not answer letters . " But it is another sentence in the story that explains everything -- not just about sports , but about the lives the rest of us can lead . Referring to Ted Williams , Updike wrote : "  For me , Williams is the classic ballplayer of the game on a hot August weekday , before a small crowd , when the only thing at stake is the tissue-thin difference between a thing done well and a thing done ill . " There it is , right there . That tissue-thin difference , when you do n't necessarily know anyone is watching -- there is the answer . We all face the choice in our lives every day : to make the extra effort or not , to stay at the desk for the extra fifteen minutes or to go home , to revise the project one more time before handing it in or to settle for something acceptable , if not quite excellent . On fields of play -- baseball diamonds , football fields , a basketball court like the one on which Sunday 's All-Star Game will be held -- the tissue-thin difference is there for the world to see . The lights are dazzlingly bright ; the television cameras carry the close-ups around the globe . If a player is dogging it , we can tell ; if a player is jogging instead of sprinting , it 's self-evident ; if a player 's mind is already at the party that will be held after the final buzzer , we know . Yet once in a while -- we can see it in a player 's eyes -- we are rewarded . Once in a while , sometimes when we are least expecting to witness it , it 's there : a tiny move , an all-but-imperceptible lunge , an additional thrust , a reach beyond that which should by all reason be reachable . It was true during small and glorious moments in the days when Bob Cousy and Elgin Baylor were on the basketball court ; it is true during small and glorious moments today , when Kobe Bryant and LeBron James are on the court . Updike 's tissue-thin difference . A thing done well , when the player could have gotten away with a thing done ill . Are the rest of us the same as the players on the court ? In most ways , no . We lack their athletic skill , their physical grace , their monetary riches . They hear cheers every working night ; we toil in silence . And yet , the one way in which we can be the same , or at least strive to , is in that pursuit of the tissue-thin difference . The thing that makes the best of them different is the thing that offers us , too , the potential to earn that difference -- the effort beyond mere effort , the desire beyond standard-issue desire , the pride so strong that it becomes the definition of pride . Why do we watch ? We watch for those moments . They may be fleeting ; they may come and go so quickly we 're not even certain , for an instant , that we actually saw them . But they 're real , and they can be ours . We wait for them . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : What explains why Americans watch sports so intently ? He says professional athletes depress us with steroid and scandal stories Greene : We watch for the greatness the greatest athletes can achieve He says it reflects the top-flight effort everyone can strive to contribute
Washington  CNN  -- A Democratic measure to temporarily reverse the doubling of interest rates on millions of government-backed student loans fell short in the U.S. Senate on Wednesday , but there was hope a bipartisan deal would be struck soon to remedy the situation . "  We 're trying to find some common ground , " said Sen. Richard Durbin of Illinois , the No. 2 Democratic leader who spearheaded fresh talks on the dispute . "  We do n't have an agreement and I ca n't say when or if we 'll come together . " Sen. Richard Burr of North Carolina , a GOP member of the group seeking a deal , believes there are some options that "  seem to pique a lot of interest in a bipartisan way . " Democrats needed the support of 60 senators in a test vote on a proposal backed by the White House to temporarily return rates for subsidized , need-based Stafford loans to 3.4 % to give lawmakers more time to work out a long-term fix for a number of higher education affordability issues . It never had much of a chance because all 46 Republicans opposed it as did some Democrats and was easily defeated . Interest rates on the subsidized financing for low-income students doubled on July 1 because of congressional inaction to hold them steady heading into the next school year . Far more students take out unsubsidized student loans from the government -- those rates have been at 6.8 % since 2007 . Student loan debt has skyrocketed in recent years , as have delinquencies , making it a pressing political and financial issue for millions of Americans . Many young graduates are deep in debt and without jobs . Student loan debt is second only to mortgages as the largest debt that consumers carry . For the class of 2013 , much of the debt is in government loans with graduates owing an average of $ 26,000 , according to a Fidelity survey of 750 college graduates . The new rates apply for loans beginning after July 1 . Opponents of the Senate Democratic remedy said it would have just deferred hard decisions and kept rates low for a short time . They prefer a permanent change to how interest rates are calculated for the millions of undergraduates , graduate students , and parents who take out government loans each year . Bipartisan talks were triggered after top White House officials , including Chief of Staff Denis McDonough and Education Secretary Arne Duncan , met with Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid and other Democratic leaders Tuesday night . Negotiations are aimed at sifting through the various proposals for interest rates , surcharges , and whether to mandate a cap on how high rates could rise , a key demand from Democrats . "  These things move in tandem , " explained Durbin . "  As you lower the cap you raise the rates . And vice versa . As you raise the cap you lower the rates . So we 're trying to find the right spot that works for everyone and we 're still working on it . " Sen. Tom Carper , another member of the bipartisan group , said Republicans appeared ready to compromise by accepting a rate cap . "  There is a good spirit and I think the interest is in finding a way to yes , " the Delaware Democrat said . House Republicans , who prefer that markets set rates , pushed through a measure in May that ties rates to the bond market and caps them at 8.5 % . This summer 's fight is similar to the one that took place last year when Congress acted to avert an increase in the middle of a presidential campaign .	Student loan debt is skyrocketing , with much of it in government loans Rates doubled to 6.8 % on Stafford loans on because of congressional inaction Senate Democrats sought to reverse the doubling of student loan rates NEW : Lawmakers hope bipartisan negotiations will lead to resolution of the issue soon
Washington  CNN  -- Congress gave final approval Friday to a giant transportation funding bill as part of a package that includes a measure holding down interest rates on federal student loans . Both issues are priorities of President Barack Obama 's , and the legislation demonstrated rare bipartisan agreement in the deeply divided Congress . The package won Senate approval with a 74-19 vote after passing the House 373-52 . Hours later , President Barack Obama signed into a law a bill that temporarily -- from June 30 through July 6 -- assures there will be continued funding for certain transportation projects and halts potential student loan interest rate hikes , according to a news release issued by the White House shortly after 8 p.m. Friday . He could sign the larger legislation at a later date , presumably by the end of next week before the stopgap bill expires . Compromises on the transportation bill and the student loan issue , as well as a third component reauthorizing national flood insurance , came in rare bipartisan agreement during the same week that House Republicans enraged Democrats by voting to hold Attorney General Eric Holder in contempt of Congress . None of the rancor from Thursday 's contempt vote was evident Friday , as legislators involved in reaching the compromise praised the bipartisan effort . The top senators in the negotiations , Democrat Barbara Boxer of California and Republican James Inhofe of Oklahoma , issued a joint statement expressing thanks and praise for all involved in getting the package passed . A White House statement said the legislation prevents middle-class families from getting hurt by congressional inaction on extending transportation funding and preventing the federal student loan rate from doubling . Passing the package meant Congress beat looming deadlines , with highway repair funding and the lower student loan rates set to expire Saturday . The transportation bill funds construction for highways , bridges and other transportation projects for two years in every state and congressional district in the nation . Obama has pushed for it as a way to boost job growth in the construction industry , and both parties expressed interest in reaching a deal . Still , enactment of the measure marks a significant accomplishment for legislators . In recent years , Congress was able to agree only on a series of short-term extensions of the previous transportation bill passed in 2005 . Aides predicted the final bill would get the large bipartisan majorities it did , although some Republicans opposed the measure 's price of just over $ 100 billion . Both parties had to compromise on core issues . Republicans dropped language that would have approved the Keystone XL pipeline and prevented the Environmental Protection Agency from regulating harmful coal ash waste from power plants . Democrats were forced to accept GOP demands to streamline and speed up the federal review process of construction projects . Republicans said that doing so would cut permitting times in half . They also got reforms that would allow states to opt out of federal mandates to spend highway dollars on bike paths and highway beautification projects . Doing so , Republicans said , would allow states to spend more on critical infrastructure projects . Although the agreement includes many of the reforms the House GOP pushed for , it falls far short of the broader transportation and energy bill that House Speaker John Boehner unveiled this year . Boehner , R-Ohio , framed that initial proposal -- which combined road and bridge projects with provisions promoting greater domestic energy production such as more drilling on public lands and approval of the Keystone XL pipeline -- as a major jobs bill . However , internal GOP divisions forced House Republican leaders to pull the measure and it never got a floor vote . The energy portions of the bill did pass the House , but none of those were included in the final measure negotiated with the Senate . The student loan measure will keep interest rates at the current 3.4 % rate , which was set to double to 6.8 % on Sunday . Obama brought national attention to the student loan issue and started campaigning for it in April . After the certain Republican candidate for president , Mitt Romney , also said he supported extending the lower rate , Congress got serious about looking for ways to make it happen for another year . During negotiations this week , legislators decided the revenue to pay the $ 6 billion cost should come from changes to the way companies fund pension programs . The deal would also limit how long undergraduate students can go to school without accruing interest on student loans to six years . CNNMoney 's Jennifer Liberto and CNN 's Ted Barrett and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	NEW : Obama signs a stopgap bill affecting transportation funding , student loan rates The larger bill will fund road and bridge construction and repairs for two years The bill also includes a measure holding down interest rates on federal student loans In recent years , Congress passed short-term extensions of the 2005 highway bill
Every 15 seconds , a Syrian becomes a refugee , and those witnessing the violence unfolding on the ground do n't believe military action against the regime would bring relief . While a doctor who treats refugees says the regime has a history of becoming more vicious when backed into a corner , one Syrian says he does n't believe strikes against Bashar al-Assad 's forces would be effective because the regime would protect its own people and leave the rest to die so it could blame the massacre on the United States . "  We are stuck in the middle , between the Russians and the Americans , the Iranians and the Saudis , and we are the victims , " the man said . The United Nations ' refugee agency said Tuesday that the number of Syrians who have fled their war-ravaged country has now risen to more than 2 million . A year ago , that number was 230,671 . Are chemical weapons a ` red line ' ? Tell us what you think . "  Syria is haemorrhaging women , children and men who cross borders often with little more than the clothes on their backs , " the UNHCR said . The increase of nearly 1.8 million people over the past 12 months is an "  alarming " trend , the agency said , warning that there is "  no sign of this tragic outflow ending . " Also disturbing is that many of the refugees are escaping only to find themselves in a different sort of danger . Hayam , a 25-year-old mother of three in neighboring Lebanon 's Beqaa Valley , said she and a friend visited a local organization that was distributing food and were told they needed to drive to a nearby warehouse . There , they encountered a group of men . Aid worker : Syrian refugee crisis creating long-term burden for neighbors "  They attacked us . We started to scream and cry , " the woman said , explaining the men attempted to rape them and asked , "  Why are you scared ? Nothing happened . You are married . Why are you afraid of this ? It 's not your first time . " Hayam said she could n't report the men . "  They will kill me , or they will send me to my parents , and they will kill me . We are a tribal society , " she said . Another refugee , 14-year-old Rahaf in Beirut , said she was cornered by teenagers while on her way to clean houses , which she 's been doing for extra money . "  They scared me . They made me hate life , " the girl said . Her mother said her daughter told her , "  Mama , I would rather die in our country than have these problems . " The United Nations has said that more than 100,000 people -- including many civilians -- have been killed in Syria since a popular uprising spiraled into a civil war in 2011 . "  Syria has become the great tragedy of this century -- a disgraceful humanitarian calamity with suffering and displacement unparalleled in recent history , " said Antonio Guterres , the United Nations ' high commissioner for refugees . Syria : What do the neighbors think of potential Western strikes ? And there 's more somber news : another 4.25 million people are displaced inside Syria , the UNHCR said , meaning that more than 6 million people have been torn from their homes in the country . "  More Syrians are now forcibly displaced than is the case with any other country , " the agency said . The overwhelming majority of the refugees who leave Syria end up staying in countries in the surrounding region , and the UNHCR said it has less than 50 % of the funds it needs to meet their basic needs . That places a heavy strain on the infrastructures , economies and societies of those host countries , the United Nations said . The four biggest recipients of Syrians registered as refugees or awaiting registration are : Lebanon -- 716,000 Jordan -- 515,000 Turkey -- 460,000 Iraq -- 168,000 Government ministers from those four countries will meet with the UNHCR in Geneva Wednesday in an effort to generate greater international support for dealing with the refugee exodus . Wissam Tarif , executive director of the human rights group Insan , which is building a refugee camp in Lebanon , encouraged residents in neighboring countries to open their homes to refugees as prospects for housing them become thinner . "  We will be able to host up to 1,200 families . That 's around 10,000 people , but that 's nothing compared to the influx that 's expected . Lots of people will stay in the streets , " he said . More than half of the 2 million Syrian refugees are children age 17 or younger , the United Nations said . The British Red Cross suggested that the U.N. figure for the total number of refugees may well be too conservative . "  To have reached this landmark figure of 2 million registered refugees is shocking , but the true figure is likely to be higher , " said Pete Garratt , a disaster manager for the British group . "  We know there are people who will not have registered for support , for many reasons . They may be afraid of any form of authority or of registering their status . " The organization said that in Jordan , 70 % of refugees live in urban areas rather than in camps , which makes it harder for aid agencies to find and help them . "  Our colleagues from the Jordanian Red Crescent report finding families who have not registered , or are worried about coming forward to ask for support , " Garratt said . "  They are still living with the psychological effects of having been in a conflict zone , and that makes people wary . " How to help refugees	Syrians say military strikes could exacerbate the situation on the ground Refugees in Lebanon report attacks ; one says she 'd rather die in Syria Besides the 2 million refugees , another 4.25 million people are displaced inside Syria Most of the refugees are in Lebanon , Jordan , Turkey and Iraq
CNN  -- This was not was your typical undercover sting . For starters , it was happening at an Indiana Dairy Queen . And the target was brains . Yeah , a brain bandit . The arrest last month of a 21-year-old suspect uncovered , police say , a macabre scheme to steal the brains of dead mental patients and sell them online . The suspect was peddling some 60 brains . And yes , amazingly there were customers . The arrest in this case also unearthed a few questions . We will try and answer them . Where did the suspect get 60 brains ? Suspect David Charles allegedly stole more than 60 jars of brain and other human tissues in October from a warehouse space at the Indiana Medical History Museum , the Marion County prosecutor 's office said in court papers Thursday . He is accused of breaking into the museum and taking jars of brains and tissue from autopsies performed on patients in the 1890s . Court documents said some jars were sold on the auction site eBay by a middleman , despite a company policy against listing "  humans , the human body , or any human body parts or products . " Attempts to reach Charles by CNN on Thursday were unsuccessful . He declined to comment outside his Indianapolis home when approached by CNN affiliate WXIN . What do you do with 60 brains ? Authorities allege that Charles was scheming to sell some of them , according to court documents . The alleged scheme began to unravel when the executive director of the museum , Mary Ellen Hennessey Nottage , received a call last month from a man in California who said he had purchased "  six jars of brain matter " for $ 600 on eBay , according to court documents . The man suspected the jars were stolen when he compared them to others on the museum website . Nottage notified the police . Charles was arrested December 16 after authorities organized an undercover sting . He was charged with felony theft and other charges . He is to appear at an Indianapolis court this month in connection with the alleged theft of dozens of jars of preserved human brain tissue valued at about $ 4,800 . Is it common to purchase brains on eBay ? In the universe of bizarre items that Internet users sell on eBay , human organs are forbidden . To buy or sell them is a felony under federal law , and trading in illegal goods is a violation of eBay 's rules . The list of prohibited items includes Native American grave-related items such as skulls and skeletons intended for medical research , Tibetan prayer skulls , organs , bones , blood , waste products , body fluids and sperm . Nottage said the California man who allegedly purchased the brains collected oddities . "  Apparently that 's a trend that 's building -- the macabre , the oddities , " Nottage said . "  The television reality show ` Oddities ' illustrates that very well . I think it 's indicative of people 's collecting interests . It 's definitely bizarre . It 's infuriating that they do not have respect for the human remains . "	Indianapolis man charged with theft of human brain samples from medical museum Some jars of human tissue allegedly sold on on the auction site eBay Buying or selling human organs is illegal and not allowed on eBay
CNN  -- U.S. prosecutors have accused the head of Guinea-Bissau 's military of plotting to team up with Colombian rebels as part of a "  narco-terrorist " operation . Antonio Indjai , the head of the West African nation 's armed forces , conspired to sell surface-to-air missiles and store and transport cocaine for the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia guerrilla group , U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said in a statement Thursday . Indjai "  conspired to use his power and authority to be a middleman and his country to be a way-station for people he believed to be terrorists and narco-traffickers so they could store , and ultimately transport , narcotics to the United States , and procure surface-to-air missiles and other military-grade hardware to be used against United States troops , " Bharara said . "  As with so many allegedly corrupt officials , he sold himself and use of his country for a price . " He faces conspiracy charges for alleged plans to engage in narco-terrorsim , distribute cocaine and transfer anti-aircraft missiles . Authorities said the charges stem from a sting by confidential sources of the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration . The West African nation 's government did not immediately comment Thursday . The charges against Indjai come nearly two weeks after the former head of the country 's navy appeared in a New York court , accused of being a drug kingpin involved in smuggling cocaine from Latin American paramilitaries into the United States . Rear Adm. Jose Americo Bubo Na Tchuto , once head of Guinea-Bissau 's navy , was seized on a boat on the Atlantic Ocean by officials from the U.S. DEA . Four other Guinea-Bissau citizens were also detained and extradited to the United States . Guinea-Bissau , a small coastal nation of about 1.6 million people sandwiched between Senegal and Guinea , has been wracked by successive coups and attempted coups since it gained independence from Portugal in 1974 . The current transitional government took over after the last military-backed coup in April 2012 . A U.S. Justice Department report in 2011 highlighted West Africa 's growing role in the international drug trade and put Guinea-Bissau at the center of that illegal activity . "  Due to its lack of law enforcement capabilities , its susceptibility to corruption , its porous borders , and its strategic location , Guinea-Bissau remains a significant hub of narcotics trafficking on the verge of developing into a narco-state , " the report said . "  While many officials within the Government of Guinea-Bissau recognize the extent of the drug problem and express a willingness to address it , a crippling lack of resources and capacity remains a hindrance to real progress in combating drug trafficking . " CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark and Umaro Djau contributed to this report .	Antonio Indjai faces conspiracy charges for an alleged plot with Colombian rebels Prosecutor : The Guinea-Bissau military chief "  sold himself and use of his country for a price " Charges against him come after another former military official 's arrest on similar charges
The public pay phone is an iconic landmark of some of the world 's greatest cities . London has its unmistakeable red kiosks while the perspex glass boxes with sliding doors -- long favored as a changing room by Superman -- have been a familiar site in urban locations across the U.S. for decades . With the inexorable rise of cell phones however , the humble pay phone has become less of an important public utility and more an archaic inner-city remnant . In an attempt to keep the devices relevant in the 21st century , New York City has been soliciting designs for potential phone boxes of the future . The Reinvent Payphones contest launched in December last year , encouraged design professionals , students and tech lovers to send in their futuristic visions of the phone booth . Six finalists have been selected , including a device powered by solar panels and another which collects important environmental information . A public vote will select the winner which will be announced on March 15 . The Big Apple is n't the only city figuring out how to make the phone box relevant to the modern citizen . A host of cool , practical and artistic concepts have been devised , displayed and implemented in cities around the world in recent years . Check out the finalists of the New York competition alongside a selection of the best from the rest of the world in the gallery above .	New York holding contest to reinvent the city 's public phone booths Six finalists selected with a winner to be announced on March 15 Entries include devices powered by solar panels and others that collect environmental data Other cities around the world have also introduced new pay phone concepts in recent years
CNN  -- Maria Cole , the widow of singer Nat "  King " Cole and mother of singer Natalie Cole , died Tuesday after a short battle with cancer , her family said . She was 89 . "  Our mom was in a class all by herself , " her three children said in a statement Thursday . "  She epitomized , class , elegance , and truly defined what it is to be a real lady . We are so blessed and privileged to have inherited the legacy that she leaves behind along with our father . She died how she lived -- with great strength , courage and dignity , surrounded by her loving family . " Maria Cole , a jazz singer when she married Cole in 1948 , was known for her strength as her husband 's stardom rose and racial threats increased . "  There were refusals at hotels , there were places we 'd go he would n't let me get out of the car because they would go in first to see if we could get the rooms , " Maria Cole told CNN in an interview last year . "  He did n't want me embarrassed with him . " She dealt with hatred from her neighbors when her family bought a home in Hancock Park , then an exclusive all-white neighborhood next to Hollywood , California , soon after her 1948 marriage . "  There were no Jews or blacks there and they just almost had a stroke , " she said . "  And I did n't care if they did . " Despite efforts to force the Cole family to move , "  We stayed there and we gave them tit for tat , " she said . Her husband , though , "  was not an activist , " she explained . "  He did n't have an antagonistic bone in his body , " she said . "  He should have had a few , but my husband was not a fighter . " "  I loved him dearly , but we were exact opposites , " she said . "  I admired him for his strength and his talent . He was very proud . He did n't say a lot . He was criticized by some of his own people because of it , you know . " Maria Cole was also at his side when Nat "  King " Cole 's groundbreaking television show , launched in 1957 , folded after only a year because no national advertiser would risk a Southern boycott by sponsoring the first program hosted by an African-American . "  Madison Avenue is afraid of the dark , " Cole said after quitting the show , making reference to the street in New York on which many advertising firms were located . Cole 's widow reflected on that comment in last year 's interview . "  Is n't that a wonderful line ? " Maria Cole said . "  Madison Avenue was afraid of the dark in so many ways . The fact that he was black , the fact that they just do n't seem to know what 's going on . " The show drew a who 's who of Hollywood stars -- entertainers who wanted to make the first national show with an African-American host a success . "  Every one of them came on there saying , ` We 'll do it , we 'll show them , ' " she said . "  It was that feeling among all of them . " Maria Cole was partial to the shows with the Mills Brothers and Ella Fitzgerald , who she said was "  the greatest singer , as far as I 'm concerned . " The failure to get a national sponsor left her husband "  very disappointed . " "  He really thought he could change things , " Maria Cole said . "  He just really thought the show was going to change things . " After a year , Cole decided to quit , she said . "  It was hard for him , very hard , " Cole 's widow said . "  He said , ` No , I ca n't do it anymore . I wo n't do it . ' " In her last interview with CNN , in February 2011 , the 46th anniversary of her husband 's death , Maria Cole said she wanted fans to remember her husband for his talent . "  It was a very unusual talent , " she said . "  I remember reading where Sammy Davis Jr. said ` We ai n't likely ever to see another one like him . ' " CNN 's Rachel Wells contributed to this report .	Maria Cole was known for her strength as husband 's stardom rose , racial threats increased "  We gave them tit for tat , " she said of her white Hollywood neighbors "  Our mom was in a class all by herself , " her three children say Maria Cole was a jazz singer when she married Nat "  King " Cole in 1948
CNN -- The number of cholera deaths in Zimbabwe is now approaching 3,000 , the World Health Organization says . Two men rest in a cholera rehydration tent on the South Africa-Zimbabwe border in December . Latest , WHO statistics show 2,971 deaths since the outbreak began in August , with 56,123 cases reported . The epidemic has swept through a country wracked with political and economic crises . Cholera is an intestinal disease caused by bacteria in contaminated water . The epidemic has been aggravated by erratic water supplies , shortages of water purification chemicals , broken water and sewer pipes and uncollected garbage . On top of that , the waste-disposing system has collapsed . Children can be seen playing on heaps of uncollected garbage in the suburbs of most urban areas in Zimbabwe . Last month , the government led by President Robert Mugabe declared the cholera epidemic a national emergency . The country already was wracked by an enormous economic crisis , with a hyperinflationary economy and shortages of all essentials including food , fuel , cash , foreign currency and electricity . Zimbabwe 's rainy season peaks in January or February and ends in late March , and Zimbabwean Health Minister David Parirenyatwa warned the epidemic could get worse during the rainy season .	WHO figures show 56,123 reported cholera cases in Zimbabwe Zimbabwe 's waste-disposing system has collapsed Health Minster David Parirenyatwa warns epidemic could get worse in rainy season
CNN  -- No one hopes Hurricane Sandy lives up to its potential . The storm that has already claimed nearly two dozen lives in the Caribbean churned Friday near the northern Bahamas , and meteorologists warn that it packs the potential to slam the U.S. Northeast as soon as Monday with powerful winds and pelting rain . Worst case , Sandy could merge with a strong cold front from the west . The double threat could morph into a "  superstorm " that could sit over New England for days , making untold trouble for millions of residents . Weather experts said it 's a recipe not unlike 1991 's "  Perfect Storm . " "  Expect it to move very slowly , " said James Franklin of the National Hurricane Center . "  The large size of the system and its slow motion will mean a long-lasting event with two to three days of impacts . " At 8 p.m. ET Friday , forecasters said Sandy was about 400 miles south-southeast of Charleston , South Carolina , heading north at 7 mph . It was a Category 1 hurricane with winds of 75 mph . It 's possible , the hurricane center says , that Sandy may weaken to a tropical storm . Nonetheless , experts said , it 's not to be taken lightly . Keep a hurricane preparation checklist "  Forget about the category with this , " said CNN meteorologist Rob Marciano . "  When you have trees with leaves on them still , this kind of wind and rain on top of that , you 're talking about trees that are going to come down , power lines are going to be out and the coastal flooding situation is going to be huge . " Sandy 's death toll in Haiti , Jamaica and Cuba this week was 21 people . The U.S. target area is hard to predict at this point . Some landfall computer models show the storm striking somewhere between the border separating North Carolina and Virginia north to Connecticut , some of the most densely populated areas of the country . The District of Columbia , Pennsylvania , Maryland , Virginia and New York have declared states of emergency , while Maine 's governor signed a limited emergency declaration . The National Hurricane Center reported tropical storm watches and warnings were in effect , covering parts of the Florida and Carolina coasts . With a national election already under way in many early-voting states , Sandy 's wrath could have a ripple effect on politics . In Virginia Beach , a campaign rally scheduled for Sunday for GOP presidential hopeful Mitt Romney was canceled because of Sandy . There was no word yet on the status of other events scheduled later in the week . "  We 're keeping an eye on it , " said a senior campaign adviser . How Sandy was dubbed ` Frankenstorm ' Similarly , Vice President Joe Biden canceled his visit to Virginia Beach on Saturday , "  out of an abundance of caution to ensure that all local law enforcement and emergency management resources can stay focused on ensuring the safety of people who might be impacted by the storm , " according to the campaign of President Barack Obama . Bad weather in Maryland or Washington , D.C. , could make it harder for people to get out and cast their ballots . Early voting kicked off Monday in Washington and is scheduled to start Saturday in Maryland . But Friday , Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley warned that his state 's early voting could be affected by the pending storm , leaving open the possibility that the vote could be rescheduled , or relocated . U.S. residents in Sandy 's path , forecasters said , should prepare for the possibility of several days without power . "  There is potential for widespread power outages , not just for a couple of days but for a couple of weeks or more , if the storm stays on track , " said meteorologist Kathy Orr of CNN affiliate KYW-TV in Philadelphia . The computer weather predictions are murky , but by Friday afternoon , it seemed unlikely the storm would bring freezing rain or snow to the coast . Snow is possible in mountain areas , including the Appalachians . Sandy could be a storm "  of historic proportion , " Orr warned , and the City of Brotherly Love could take a direct hit . In New York , the Metropolitan Transportation Authority is studying whether it should suspend all or some service ahead of the storm , according to Mayor Michael Bloomberg . In Maryland , the Baltimore Gas and Electric Company expects that several hundred thousand customers could be affected , as early as Sunday . "  This could be like the ` Perfect Storm ' 21 years ago , " said CNN meteorologist Chad Myers . A combination of three weather systems produced the famed "  Perfect Storm " in the north Atlantic over Halloween 1991 , when moisture flung north by Hurricane Grace combined with a high pressure system and a cold front , according to the weather service . Hurricane safety : When the lights go out The current weather conditions are not exactly the same as what produced the tempest . Although Grace contributed significantly to the storm , it did not progress to New England and did not make landfall , weather records show . On Friday , residents in South Jersey were already stocking up on batteries and bottled water , and hardware stores have put up preparedness displays , KYW reported . One location quickly sold out of electric generators . "  This is the worst timing for a storm , " Newark Mayor Cory Booker told CNN 's Soledad O'Brien . "  You have fall ending , a lot of loose branches . "  The storm itself will be bad , but I worry about the aftermath , people being caught without power . " Along the Jersey shore , storm preparations included bulldozers shoring up piers with mounds of sand . Worried residents filled sandbags in case of flooding . ` Superstorm ' meets barnstorm as weather and politics collide "  We will be piling up as much sand as possible along the beachfront , " said Frank Ricciotti , Margate , New Jersey , public works director . "  I think the water damage is worse than another type of damage , and the hardest thing is to stop water , once it starts coming up . " Farther south , in the Norfolk , Virginia , area , more than two dozen ships were being sent to sea for their own protection . Strong winds whipped Florida , where CNN iReporter Simon Davis shot video of an overcast Melbourne Beach . "  I was surprised at just how intense it was for a storm so far off the coast . I was thinking , wow and this is going north ? Scary , " he wrote . Miami International Airport on Friday canceled more than 20 flights to or from Jamaica or Bahamas , CNN affiliate WSVN reported . Nearby Fort Lauderdale airport canceled 13 flights to the islands . Stay well-fed in any disaster CNN 's Ed Payne contributed to this report .	Sandy will move slowly , could merge with cold front to pose a double threat Winds whip Florida ; "  I was thinking ... this is going north ? Scary , " says a CNN iReporter As far north as New Jersey , residents prepare for long-term power outages
The Dutch version of festive St. Nicholas is once again landing on the naughty list for some in the Netherlands , who say his Black Pete sidekick is a racist throwback to the colonial era . Protesters gathered Sunday at Amsterdam 's festival honoring St. Nicholas -- or Sinterklaas as he is known in Dutch -- a day after 90 people were arrested in demonstrations surrounding his ceremonial arrival in country at the Dutch city of Gouda . They carried signs reading , "  Black Pete is racism . " Only one person was arrested in Sunday 's event , according to CNN affiliate RTL and Dutch national broadcaster NOS . In the Netherlands , Sinterklaas is accompanied by a dark-skinned figure , often played by whites in black face who wear curly afro-style wigs and red lip coloring . The character sometimes visits private home and hands out candy to children but also is reputed to take away the naughty ones . The tradition has grown increasingly contentious in recent years , with the United Nations arguing last year in favor of a national dialogue on the practice . Experts working under the auspices of the Office of the High Commissioner for Humam Rights last year said people of African descent found the character 's depiction "  rooted in unacceptable , colonial attitudes that they find racist and offensive . " The Dutch government replied that it was aware that the practice was offensive to some , and that it had received dozens of complaints a year concerning Black Pete since 2011 . Last week , a high-level Dutch court declined to rule on the controversy .	Dutch "  Black Pete " tradition draws fire again with protests and arrests In the Netherlands , Black Pete accompanies St. Nicholas Some say the tradition is racist and offensive
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- At least seven people were killed when a building was attacked in the Afghan capital of Kabul on Friday . All the attackers were gunned down by security forces , the city 's police chief said . A police officer and a guard were killed , police said . According to Sediq Sediqqi , a spokesman for the Afghan Interior Ministry , the incident went on for more than six hours before all five attackers were killed . Sediqqi also said that eight people were injured including one Italian woman , three Nepali guards and four Afghan policemen . He confirmed the death of one policeman , but the Kabul police chief said that one Nepali guard also was killed . The building that came under attack is near headquarters for Afghan and international groups , including the International Organization for Migration -- a U.N.-affiliated group . The United Nations said at least three IOM staffers and a staffer from its International Labour Organization were hurt .	All five attackers were killed , a spokesman for the Afghan Interior Ministry says Deaths also included a policeman and a guard , the Kabul police chief says The incident went on for several hours , authorities say
CNN  Kevin Kane 's love affair with Ireland began in 2000 , when he and his then-fiancee piggybacked on a trip with his brothers and their wives . The 39-year-old financial adviser from Havertown , Pennsylvania , has been back six times since , taking his now wife , brothers and mother on various trips that spanned nearly every county in Ireland and Northern Ireland . Ahead of St. Patrick 's Day , Kane and other CNN readers shared their best memories and photos from mesmerizing visits to the Emerald Isle . The green and rugged Dingle Peninsula , in the southwest of Ireland , is Kane 's favorite destination , he wrote , though "  the Glens of Antrim are spectacular in November , the Ring of Kerry can not be described adequately by James Joyce himself on a clear day in June , and the vibrancy of Galway and Westport are enough to recharge the soul as you wander joyfully from Tobercurry to Ennis . " Kane offered a few tips for the first-time visitor : Do n't be overly ambitious on your first trip . "  Pick a few towns to stay in and do several days in each . One-hundred miles between towns is not a two-hour drive as you might expect . If there are no major motorways , it could easily become a harrowing four-hour trip for the novice European driver . " Talk to the locals in pubs . "  Ask questions , do n't fake a brogue , and listen to the suggestions they are sure to make about what to see in that immediate area . The Irish are fiercely parochial and love to show off their town 's hidden secrets to tourists . " Do something off the beaten path . "  Take a ferry out to an island to walk around a bit , find an Abbey ruin in a field to explore , take a flask of Jameson and hike up a mountain . Get lost in what Ireland is , and has to offer . " In summary , Kane said : "  Keep your itinerary reasonable , soak up every minute you are there , and make notes for your next trip , for you will surely be returning . It 's that kind of place . " 29 beach photos that will make you drool 11 ways to make the most of Hawaii What are your Ireland travel tips ?	CNN readers share their favorite views of Ireland Not to miss : The Ring of Kerry , Dingle Peninsula and the Northern coast "  Make notes for your next trip -- you will surely be returning , " said Kevin Kane
CNN  -- The weekend before Christmas , Mother Nature is gifting -- or , rather , clobbering -- the United States with a little bit of everything . Ice storms , snow , flooding , thunderstorms , tornadoes and record-setting warmth are all in store , and with this maddening mix comes a massive headache for more than 94 million expected holiday travelers . Unless you 're on the West Coast , odds are the weather outside is frightful and complex . To make sense of it all , let us take you on a national tour . Southeast : Thunderstorms , tornadoes and torrential downpours While ice storms and snow wreak havoc in parts of the country , the bigger story that 's brewing is about rain and a severe storm event , says CNN meteorologist Jennifer Gray . Harsh weather continued Saturday evening , with a risk of thunderstorms in Louisiana , Mississippi , parts of Arkansas , Alabama and Tennessee . Isolated storms that form ahead of these bigger storms could become supercells , which means the possibility of tornadoes . One tornado hit Friday night in Mississippi . By midday Saturday , there were two tornado watches in effect . Saturday night , the National Weather Service in Jackson , Mississippi , said damage in that area -- four semi trucks overturned , five houses heavily damaged and 15 others with minor damage -- was likely due to a tornado . Saturday night , the Mississippi Emergency Management Agency reported one death in Coahoma County , along the Mississippi River . There were no further details . The National Weather Service issued a tornado warning late Saturday afternoon just west of Memphis , Tennessee , and there were reports of some semi trucks overturned on Interstate 40 in that area , according to CNN affiliate WREG . In Hughes , Arkansas , the St. Francis County sheriff told WREG a possible tornado touched down in that area . A spokesperson for the Arkansas Emergency Management Agency tells CNN the storm destroyed two homes and damaged three others . Three people were hurt in the storm , one of with serious injuries . Heavy rain , damaging winds and lightning were forecast to continue Saturday night into Sunday morning . These storms will spread , bringing downpours to Georgia , Florida , South Carolina and up the East Coast on Sunday . Some of the highest rain totals for Saturday occurred in Junction , Illinois , where six inches were reported , and Trumann , Arkansas , where residents had seven inches of rain by late Saturday evening . The main trigger for the severe weather is the above-average temperatures farther north . Midwest : A flood of wet worry The warm air in this system means heavy rains across the majority of the Midwest and fears of flooding in the Ohio River Valley . Flash flood warnings and watches and flood advisories are in effect from Ohio up to eastern New York , all the way down through Indiana , parts of Illinois , Missouri and Arkansas . Anywhere from 3 to 5 inches of rain could fall in some of those areas . On Saturday evening , some low-lying areas of Shelby County , Indiana . were evacuated as the rain continued to fall in central Indiana . Where temperatures are lower , snow will come down across Iowa , Wisconsin and into northwest Michigan . Some areas will see up to 8-10 inches of snow , others around 4-7 inches . And an ice storm is predicted in southeast Michigan . Central Plains : Slammed with ice and snow Power outages , falling tree limbs -- if not trees -- and treacherous roads are in the forecast for a large part of Oklahoma . An ice warning has been issued for the northern and central parts of the state , including Oklahoma City . Residents there are being encouraged to hunker down at home , CNN affiliate KFOR reports . They 're even being warned not to park their cars beneath trees . In Kansas and southeast Nebraska , snowfalls will total 3-6 inches . And those cold temps will keep folks shivering . CNN 's Nick Valencia has been bundled up outside Kansas City International Airport in Missouri . "  Just a few days ago people were outside in T-shirts and shorts grilling . Now this , " he said . And while the roads are of serious concern , he said diehard Kansas City Chiefs fans are also worrying about Sunday 's NFL game . So far there have been no flight cancellations or delays at that airport , Valencia said . But Whitney Eichinger of Southwest Airlines told him the company is looking out for the safety of travelers . "  We are allowing customers to rebook their trip with no penalty through tomorrow , " she said . "  That has more to do with traveling to the airport , not flight cancellations . " The highest snow total of the day was in Cloudcroft , New Mexico , where 12.5 inches had fallen by late Saturday evening . Mid-Atlantic/Northeast : Weirdly warm If there is one present being handed out on this first day of winter , it is the well-above-average temperatures in the Mid-Atlantic , with record highs up to the 70s anticipated . By Sunday , that warm weather will grace the Northeast , sending temperatures into the 60s . Already , in Boston Saturday , the temperature is in the mid-50s . Farther north , however , the situation is less cozy . In Maine and across New Hampshire , Vermont and into New York , winter weather -- including ice storm warnings and freezing rain -- are in effect . New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo declared a winter ice emergency and activated the state 's emergency operations center . The National Weather Service in Buffalo issued a winter storm watch for five counties in upstate New York and winter storm warnings for two others . The NWS in Buffalo said up to an inch of ice accumulation is expected , and areas near the St. Lawrence and Black rivers could see even more . CNN 's Jennifer Gray , Nick Valencia , Todd Borek and Matt Daniel contributed to this report .	NEW : One death reported in Mississippi , agency says Damage in Jackson , Mississippi , likely caused by a tornado , National Weather Service says New York governor declares winter ice emergency Possible tornado injures three , damages homes in Arkansas
CNN  -- Suspected arson at the future site of a mosque in Murfreesboro , Tennessee , has "  really raised the fear factor " among area Muslims , a representative of the mosque told CNN on Monday . The Saturday morning blaze destroyed an earth mover and damaged three other vehicles at the future site of the Islamic Center of Murfreesboro , said Camie Ayash , a spokeswoman for the center . The fire is under investigation , but "  you can reasonably make the assumption " that it was deliberately set , FBI Assistant Special Agent Keith Moses said Sunday . "  The evidence is being analyzed to see what the origin of the fire was , " said Moses , with the FBI 's Nashville , Tennessee , bureau . "  We have to follow the facts . " Ayash told CNN 's "  American Morning " on Monday the incident has provoked mixed reactions in the community , but "  has really raised the fear factor for everyone . ... We see the different type of fear with our children . It is very hard to explain to children what is going on . It is hard to explain to the little kids when they ask you , ` Mommy , are these people for us or against us ? ' " A candlelight vigil , organized by Middle Tennesseans for Religious Freedom in response to the alleged arson , was held Monday night in front of the Rutherford County Courthouse . Kyle Evans , spokesman for Murfreesboro Police , said about 100 people attended the vigil . He said a truck with three or four men drove up bearing a sign that said "  no mosque . " Joined by three or four other mosque opponents , the men debated with some of those at the vigil for about an hour , Evans said . Although voices were raised and there was some shouting , police did not interfere . "  We did not step in , " said Evans . "  It was peaceful . " He added officers would have intervened if there were threats or physical altercations . The blaze is being investigated by the FBI , the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives , and the Rutherford County Sheriff 's Office . ATF spokesman Eric Kehn told CNN on Monday night the investigation is continuing . "  We have no reason to think it 's a hate crime , " he said . "  We simply can not allow the actions of a few destructive individuals to go overlooked by Rutherford County residents . It 's truly a shame that we have reached this point , but it is up to us to ensure the intimidation goes no further , " said Claire Rogers , spokesperson for Middle Tennesseans for Religious Freedom . Ayash said the Murfreesboro Fire Department told her the vehicles had been doused with an accelerant -- a substance , such as gasoline , that can help start or spread fires . She told CNN on Monday that she was notified of the fire about 4 or 4:30 a.m. Saturday . A passerby had seen the fire about 1:30 a.m. and called the fire department , she said . The lead detective told her that someone had opened the hood on the earth mover and set its engine on fire , she said . The other vehicles were doused with flammable liquid but not ignited . The detective speculated that the passerby might have spooked the arsonist , who fled , Ayash said . "  It really put fear into the community , " Ayash said . "  Our children are heartbroken , " she said . "  When we broke ground a few weeks ago , they could see the new Islamic center as something that was tangible , something that was going to happen . " "  Now someone had so much hatred to rip the joy out of their hearts , " she said . The Islamic Center of Murfreesboro has existed in the Murfreesboro area for more than a decade , according to its website , and currently meets about a mile from the site of the future mosque . "  We have had members in our community in this area for around 30 years , " Ayash said Monday . "  So all of this really took us by surprise . " The congregation purchased a 15-acre plot in 2009 and announced plans for a center that will include a mosque , educational facilities , a gym , cemetery and various recreational areas , including tracks , pavilions and a playground . The project has provoked controversy in Murfreesboro , about 35 miles southeast of Nashville , and statewide . In July , several hundred opponents of the mosque staged a march against the project . Some objected to Islam itself , carrying signs like "  MOSQUE LEADERS SUPPORT KILLING CONVERTS , " while others opposed the project for environmental reasons . Last month , Tennessee Lt. Gov. Ron Ramsey publicly criticized the project . "  You could even argue whether being a Muslim is actually a religion , or is it a nationality , way of life , a cult , whatever you want to call it , " Ramsey , then a candidate for Tennessee governor , said at a rally . Ramsey placed third in Tennessee 's Republican primaries earlier this month . "  I think a lot of this has to do with timing , " said Ayash , who said her husband is a Muslim and she converted about 10 years ago . "  This was an election year . You had a lot of candidates running their campaign off of terrorism or things like that , so I think it had to do with timing and misinformation . " The community has an open-door policy , she said , and welcomes the opportunity to answer questions posed by members of the public about Islam .	NEW : Group holds candlelight vigil outside courthouse An FBI spokesman says "  you can reasonably make the assumption " that it was arson The fire destroyed an earth mover and damaged three other vehicles The mosque project has provoked controversy across Tennessee
New Orleans Saints head coach Sean Payton said Tuesday he is disappointed in himself and feels regret over a scandal that has left him suspended for the entire 2012 season . "  As the head coach , anything that happens within the framework of your team and your program you 're responsible for . And that 's a lesson I 've learned , " Payton said in his first public comments since the NFL announced he will be suspended without pay . "  And it 's one that It 's easy to get carried away in regards to a certain side of the ball , or more involved offensively or defensively , and that 's something I regret . " An NFL investigation found the team had an "  active bounty program " during the 2009 , 2010 and 2011 seasons in which "  bounty " payments were given to players for hits that hurt opposing players and knocked them out of the game . The NFL found evidence that bounties were put out on quarterbacks Brett Favre of the Minnesota Vikings , Cam Newton of the Carolina Panthers , Aaron Rodgers of the Green Bay Packers , and Kurt Warner of the Arizona Cardinals . It also found that Payton lied about the bounty program . In his remarks Tuesday , Payton did not admit any such wrongdoing . The probe found that the Saints showed "  a deliberate effort to conceal the program 's existence from league investigators , and a clear determination to maintain the program despite express direction from Saints ownership that it stop as well as ongoing inquiries from the league office , " the NFL said . Former Saints defensive coach Gregg Williams was suspended indefinitely . General manager Mickey Loomis was suspended without pay for the first eight regular-season games of the 2012 season . Assistant head coach Joe Vitt was suspended without pay for the first six regular-season games . The team was also fined $ 500,000 and will forfeit its second-round draft picks in 2012 and 2013 , the National Football League has said . More suspensions could be coming , the NFL said . Payton told reporters he was going through a "  range of emotions . " "  You 're disappointed , you 're disappointed in yourself that it got to this point , " he said . Asked whether anyone on another team was injured as a result of the bounty program , Payton said no . With five days left to appeal his suspension , Payton said he will make a decision in the next two to three days . Speculation is swirling around whether he will ask coach Bill Parcells to return to the NFL to take over for him for the year . Payton wrote off the speculation , saying he will visit Parcells on Tuesday or Wednesday , but that he is a "  mentor " and the two speak regularly . "  I think we 're a little ahead of ourselves with regards to that , " he said of the speculation . Meanwhile , NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell said Monday he 's focusing on punishments for players . "  Before I make any decisions , I would like to hear from the players , " Goodell said Monday at the football league 's annual meeting in Florida . Goodell would not give a timetable of when the punishments would come , saying he wanted to talk to the NFL Players Association first . The Saints won the Super Bowl in 2010 , in the midst of the bounty program . Payton said he is concerned the scandal may "  tarnish the success we 've had . " Goodell has said the "  pay-for-performance " program "  undermined the integrity of the game . " A statement last week from the NFL on the website NFL.com added that the violations "  were compounded by the failure of Coach Payton to supervise the players and coaches and his affirmative decision starting in 2010  a  not to inquire into the facts concerning the pay-for-performance/bounty program even though he was aware of the league 's inquiries both in 2010 and 2012 ;  b  to falsely deny that the program existed ;  c  to encourage the false denials by instructing assistants to ` make sure our ducks are in a row ; ' and  d  to ignore instructions from the league office and club ownership to ensure that no such program existed . " "  When interviewed in 2012 , Sean Payton claimed to be entirely unaware of the program , a claim contradicted by others , " the statement said . "  Further , prior to the Saints ' opening game in 2011 , Coach Payton received an email from a close associate that stated in part , ` PS Greg Williams put me down for $ 5000 on Rogers  sic  . ' When shown the email during the course of the investigation , Coach Payton stated that it referred to a ` bounty ' on Green Bay quarterback Aaron Rodgers . "	Sean Payton says as head coach , he 's responsible for "  anything that happens " on team Payton will consider appealing his suspension over the next 2-3 days Last week , several Saints coaches were punished over a "  bounty " scandal NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell is focusing on punishments for players
CNN  -- A Washington state middle school boy was arrested after he brought 400 rounds of ammunition , multiple knives and a handgun to his school , intending to shoot another student who he thought was bullying his friend , police said . The 11-year-old was booked into a juvenile detention facility Wednesday after the incident that caused the lockdown of Frontier Middle School , Vancouver Police said . No one was injured . Authorities were alerted by the boy 's mother , who called the school concerned that her son may have taken kitchen knives with him that day , according to a probable cause document . The boy was patted down by school resource officers who found the weapons and ammunition . The boy told school officials that "  a voice in his head was telling him to kill " an 11-year-old classmate for calling the boy 's friend gay , according to the probable cause document . "  He stated a voice told him killing  the classmate  was a good idea ; however he planned to just shoot  the classmate  in the arm and then shoot himself in the head , " the document said . The boy is being held on charges of attempted assault , unlawful possession of a firearm and possession of a weapon at school . He earlier faced a charge of attempted murder , but prosecutors did not immediately find sufficient evidence to support the charge . However , Kasey Vu with the Clark County Prosecuting Attorney 's Office left open the possibility that the attempted murder charge could return when prosecutors receive more information from the investigation . The school in Vancouver was locked down for about two hours . Students were sent home with letters alerting parents of the situation , said Kris Fay , a spokeswoman for Evergreen Public Schools . The incident comes on the heels of several school-related violent incidents around the nation . On Monday , a math teacher was killed and two students wounded by a boy who then killed himself in a Nevada school . On Wednesday , a math teacher was found dead in the woods northeast of Boston ; her 14-year-old student is accused of killing her . Three California students injured after gun on police motorcycle discharges Teacher slayings hurt view of schools as safe havens CNN 's Greg Morrison , Drew Iden and Tina Burnside contributed to this report .	NEW : 11-year-old claimed a voice in his head told him to shoot a classmate , police document says Incident occurred in Vancouver , Washington No one was injured It comes on the heels of several school-related violent incidents
CNN  The new biblical epic from director Ridley Scott , "  Exodus : Gods and Kings , " has a race problem . We 've known since the moment the full cast was announced : nearly every major role in the movie is played by a white actor . What makes it worse for many observers is that , on the flip side , virtually every black actor in the movie is playing a part called "  Egyptian thief " or "  assassin " or "  royal servant " or "  Egyptian lower class civilian . " In the weeks before "  Exodus " opens , on December 12 , a number of people , from African-American activists to Jewish journalists , have called for a boycott of the potential blockbuster . "  As much as I love a good Bible movie , I 'm going to go ahead and boycott this one , " wrote Sigal Samuel in the Jewish Daily Forward . "  And I invite my fellow Jews to join me . " If "  Exodus " were a tale set in the antebellum South , such a disparity might be historically justifiable . But this story is set in Egypt  which was part of Africa even back then  , with characters of exclusively Middle Eastern origin . According to the Bible , Abraham , and therefore all subsequent Jews , were of Mesopotamian -- that is , Iraqi -- descent . Before we start skewering Scott too thoroughly , we should probably remember that the whitewashing of Bible movies is a well-established tradition . Cecile B. DeMille 's "  The Ten Commandments " should probably get a pass , as it was made in 1956 , before Hollywood was integrated to any substantial degree . But the same can not be said for this past spring 's "  Noah , " which has an even less diverse cast than "  Exodus , " and with greater racial implications , seeing as how all of humanity is supposed to have descended from Noah and his entirely white family . Nor should we pretend that this is a modern problem , or one unique to film representations of the Bible and its central characters . Every European painting of a biblical scene , from the Middle Ages through the Renaissance and beyond , depicts a whitewashed Bible . Ridley Scott has attributed the casting of his film to pure marketing concerns : "  I ca n't mount a film of this budget , where I have to rely on tax rebates in Spain , and say that my lead actor is Mohammad so-and-so from such-and-such . I 'm just not going to get it financed . So the question does n't even come up . " This is a rationale very much of our time -- including the thinly veiled racism of "  Mohammad so-and-so " -- but it fails to account for the long history of the bleached-out Bible , in which Scott 's movie simply makes up the most recent chapter . The most obvious error in this sort of casting is the historical one : Inhabitants of ancient Egypt and Israel simply did n't look like Christian Bale or Joel Edgerton . The deeper problem is one of conflating whiteness with heroism and power . Is it so hard to imagine our biblical heroes as being nonwhite ? Is it beyond belief that one of the greatest empires in world history had authentically dark skin , rather than being white folks just wearing a ton of makeup ? Does God have a prayer in Hollywood ? When it comes to the depiction of the Egyptians in "  Exodus " in particular , however , there is a more specific issue at play . News Corp. . CEO Rupert Murdoch , not known as an expert on race or history , weighed in with the rhetorical question  which he then proceeded to answer  : "  Since when are Egyptians not white ? All I know are . " The race of the ancient Egyptians has been controversial for over two centuries . It is a loaded debate that can not be understood apart from the historical contexts of the scholars engaged in the conversation . The debate was particularly intense during the abolitionist movement in the United States . At stake were the claims of the pro-slavery faction : that black people were inherently physically and intellectually inferior and , thus , well-suited for slavery . If the ancient Egyptians -- world leaders in architecture , engineering , farming , and literary production , as well as documented slave owners -- were not white , then there was a problem . This project reached its apex in the work of "  American School " of anthropology , founded in the first half of the 19th century by Samuel George Morton , which claimed that God had created multiple hierarchically organized races , with Caucasians at the top . This idea was taken one step further by Southern slave owner Josiah Nott , who repeatedly stated "  that the Ancient Egyptian race were Caucasians . " Nott ominously attributed the inability of Egyptians to recapture power in the Common Era to their mixing with other races . The clear agenda here was to provide a historical basis for American slavery . From the second half of the 20th century onward , anthropologists have largely agreed that ancient Egyptians were indigenous to the Nile region and genetically representative of Northeastern Africa . Egypt has long been a genetic crossroads , because it has long been a political and economic crossroads , since before we have written records . At least one important minority opinion , however , known as "  the Black Egyptian hypothesis , " emphasizes racial ties between Egypt and sub-Saharan Africa . The theory -- favored by W.E.B. du Bois -- draws upon philology , the writings of historians , and art and architecture to argue that ancient Egypt was a black civilization . How Muslims flipped the script in Hollywood This controversy over race is something the makers of "  Exodus " claim to have thought about . "  We cast major actors from different ethnicities to reflect this diversity of culture , from Iranians to Spaniards to Arabs , " Scott said . "  There are many different theories about the ethnicity of the Egyptian people , and we had a lot of discussions about how to best represent the culture . " Despite this discussion , the tableau produced in "  Exodus , " unfortunately , is the one favored by 19th-century slave traders . In an important sense , however , the entire debate , down to the present , is essentially moot . The categories of modern America were not relevant to the concerns of ancient Egyptians . Modern anthropologists no longer see race as a fundamental biological or natural category of people , but rather as a biocultural category , intermingling genetic and anatomical data with economic , political , and social data . Historically , skin tone was not the key feature by which society was hierarchically structured . Race is a lived experience , of course , but the distinction between slave and free -- a critical one in the ancient world -- was not drawn along modern racial lines . There were more than a few blond-haired , pale-skinned "  barbarian " slaves in the Roman empire . In the ancient world it was more important to be free than pale . Still , the image of ancient Egyptians as white has been powerful and destructive . Whitewashing the Bible is problematic both because it is unhistorical and because it reinscribes the dangerous association of whiteness , divine favor and heroism that has plagued modern Christianity . Recognizing the violent and painful history of this idea -- particularly as it pertains to ancient Egypt -- is an important preamble to talking about it .	Critics say the new movie "  Exodus " has a "  race problem " The race of the ancient Egyptians has been controversial for more than 200 years American slave owners insisted Egyptians were white ; historians are n't so sure
CNN  -- Maybe it did n't have quite the grandeur of President Barack Obama 's historic inauguration four years ago . But Monday 's Inauguration Day events showcased the pomp and circumstance of the U.S. government at its finest . We may not have royal weddings in the States , but this is about as close as it gets . And , where there is public spectacle , there is Twitter , the rapid-fire platform where the world 's online social critics record their musings . Twitter said its users sent 1.1 million inauguration-related tweets during Monday 's swearing-in ceremony , way up from 82,000 in 2009 , when Twitter had n't yet been widely adopted . From politicos to comedians to ordinary citizens , some offered heartfelt thoughts on the historical importance of the day , while others jockeyed for a cheap laugh and a few retweets . Here are some of our favorites .  We 'll be adding to this list as the day goes on . Barack Obama -- I 'm honored and grateful that we have a chance to finish what we started . Our work begins today . Let 's go . - bo Eric Cantor , House majority leader -- This is a great day for all Americans to celebrate and to remember that the Capitol belongs to all . TJ Holmes -- Ca n't help but wonder if this is last time in my lifetime I 'll get 2 see an African American take presidential oath of office . #Inaug2013 Sandra Lee -- OK #inaug2013 watchers , who is that handsome teenaged boy making eyes at Malia Obama ? #VeryCute Philip DeFranco -- Excited about this inauguration . If Obama sees his shadow there will be 6 more years of crippling crippling debt . Speaker John Boehner -- Embracing #MLK 's call to serve & make the most of this moment God has given us http://1.usa.gov/10gcJvH #MLKDay Andrew Kaczynski , BuzzFeed reporter -- Ca n't believe you guys are watching the inauguration while Scooby Doo is on . Catherine Q -- Malia and Sasha look so sweet . And so grown up ! #inaug2013 Mark Harris , EW columnist -- "  There 's Morgan Freeman -- I 'm sorry , uh , sorry , Bill Russell ! " -- George Stephanopoulos , who will never live that down , on ABC just now . Ana Marie Cox -- Karl Rove in his basement , enacting a Romney inauguration with life-sized cardboard figures . VI -- Look at all those flags ! Proud to call myself an American today Michelle Freed -- Me : Kids , come watch the Inauguration ! Kids : Neat . Now , can we go watch SpongeBob upstairs ? * bows head and sighs * #Inaug2013 Malcom Glenn -- Unquestionably the largest cheer so far for a jumbotron appearance has gone to Jay-Z and Beyonce ... louder than Joe and Jill Biden . #inaug13 The White House -- "  Now , more than ever , we must do these things together , as one nation , and one people . " -- President Obama #inaug2013 Omar L. Gallaga -- I opened for Beyoncé . " -- something inaugural poet Richard Blanco gets to say forever . #inaug2013 StevieG the truth -- Obama 's being inaugurated , it 's Martin Luther King Day and Beyonce 's singing the anthem . Black folk are having the best Monday EVER . John Fugelsang -- Highlight of the Richard Blanco poem - Eric Cantor 's confused face upon hearing the word "  namaste . " #presidentialinauguration Al Gore -- Great to hear President Obama call for climate action in today 's #inaug2013 address . Congratulations Mr. President http://bit.ly/VgnNwd Kerstin Shamberg -- Since there 's no outgoing president , Obama should say goodbye to himself , fly off in Marine One and then come right back #inaug2013 #ornot Andy Borowitz -- Republicans Praise Obama for Offering Bold Vision to Thwart : http://nyr.kr/Ufd56w Allison Hagerty -- Do n't understand the point of obama being in this parade when you ca n't see him . . Jason Fekete -- That 's not Joe Biden running down Pennsylvania Avenue . Looks more like Biden running for the Democratic nomination four years from now . Carrie Drummond -- Love that the Obama girls sat down and immediately pulled out cellphones . #justlikeus #inaug2013 Ari Fleischer -- Obama 's thought bubble : Come on . Is this thing still going on ? Get me back to the White House .	The pundits and comedians of Twitter weigh in on Monday 's Inauguration Day events People commented on first-family fashion , TV anchor gaffes , president 's speech NASA tweeted a link to a photo of the National Mall taken from space
HLNtc.com  -- Basketball star Lamar Odom was arrested early Friday on suspicion of driving under the influence of alcohol or drugs , the California Highway Patrol said . The incident began at 3:25 a.m. , when the 33-year-old athlete was observed driving in a "  serpentine manner at 50 mph , " a highway patrol report said . Police pursued his white Mercedes SUV for about three miles before Odom stopped , the report says . Odom "  showed objective signs of intoxication and he was unable to perform his field sobriety tests , " police said in a news release . He was taken to Van Nuys Jail , where he refused all chemical tests , it said . With bail set at $ 15,000 , Odom was released at 8:30 a.m. with a promise to appear at the Van Nuys Courthouse on September 27 . In 2001 , Odom admitted to having violated NBA drug policies twice . "  I 've made a couple  of mistakes  and I may make a couple again , but hopefully they wo n't be as big as this one , " Odom told reporters then . Khloe Kardashian , who married Odom in 2009 after a 30-day courtship , tweeted about her frustrations last weekend after rumors surfaced that her husband was addicted to pain medications . "  Really hard to sit here and listen to people talk  expletive  about my family !  Expletive  you and shame on you ! I 'm too protective for this  expletive  ! " the reality figure tweeted on August 25 . Odom and Kardashian have starred in their own show , "  Khloe and Lamar , " which aired on the E! network . Odom is a free agent who has played in the NBA for 14 years , for the Los Angeles Lakers , Dallas Mavericks and , most recently , the Los Angeles Clippers .	Police : Odom was driving in a "  serpentine manner at 50 mph " He "  was unable to perform his field sobriety tests " Odom is a 14-year NBA veteran and husband of Khloe Kardashian
Washington  CNN  Jeb Bush revealed his strategy for dealing with the polarizing foreign policy legacy of his brother : Make a quick declaration of independence then pivot to a searing attack on the failings abroad of President Barack Obama . "  I love my father and my brother . I admire their service to the nation and the difficult decisions they had to make , " Bush said Wednesday in Chicago during the first major foreign policy speech of his prospective Republican presidential campaign . "  But I am my own man . " The appearance offered Bush a chance to show how he will balance a desire not to dismiss George W. Bush 's presidency while insulating himself from Democratic attempts to paint him as a clone of the man who led the nation into a bloody , prolonged era of foreign wars . Bush did concede that the previous Bush administration made "  a mistake " by not providing security for Iraqis in the wake of the U.S. invasion in 2003 . But he also argued that his brother 's surge strategy forged political stability in Iraq that Obama squandered in his eagerness to get American troops home . It 's too early to tell whether Bush 's appearance answered the key question facing his campaign : Can a third man with the name "  Bush " win the presidency in a nation exhausted by war and suspicious of dynasties ? But his message seemed clearly tailored towards the activist base of the Republican Party , which likes its foreign policy hawkish , and has significant doubts about Bush on issues including immigration reform and education which could hamper his chances of winning the primary race . Democrats quickly tried to stamp out any progress Bush had made with the wider electorate which he would ask to entrust him with U.S. national security if he becomes the GOP nominee . "  Today , Jeb Bush made his first foray into explaining and attempting to recast his foreign policy , " said DNC spokeswoman Holly Shulman . "  But despite Jeb Bush 's claim that he will be his ` own man ' , there is little evidence that Jeb Bush 's foreign policy agenda is much different than his brother 's . " She added : "  Embracing decisions that made the world more dangerous , and then trying to shift the blame -- that 's the Jeb Bush Doctrine . " Bush is not the first presidential candidate forced to differentiate himself from a powerful predecessor in a desire to strike out on his own . Vice President Al Gore famously declared he was his "  own man " as he tried to shuffle out of the shadow of Bill Clinton 's impeachment shame in 2000 . Obama jabbed Hillary Clinton in 2008 over her famous husband 's intervention in the campaign , saying he could not sometimes tell who he was running against . She responded : "  I 'm here . He 's not . " Bush is a more cerebral , cautious character than his brother and his speech lacked the bristling rhetoric of George W. Bush which Democrats often decried as a symptom of cowboy diplomacy . But the hawkish global vision he laid out sat squarely in the muscular foreign policy that has dominated the Republican Party since his brother went on the offensive following the Sept. 11 , 2001 , attacks . Bush made a case that Obama was being misled by Iran on nuclear talks , said the president had been too soft on Russia , sided with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in the row over his address to Congress and condemned the administration 's opening to Cuba . He said Obama 's failure to do a deal to keep U.S. troops in Iraq created a "  void " exploited by extremists . "  This administration talks , but the words fade , " Bush said . "  They draw red lines , and then erase them . With grandiosity they announce resets and then disengage . Hashtag campaigns replace actual diplomacy and engagement . " Bush offered few surprises . This was exactly the kind of speech a prospective GOP presidential candidate would be expected to make 21 months before a general election . Bush made a case that Obama 's politics had tipped the world into chaos , played to the GOP 's base and avoided unveiling new policies that could get ripped to shreds in the long months on the campaign trail . Despite the inclusion on list of foreign policy advisors released by his camp of Republican gurus James Baker and George Schultz , Bush had little in common with the subtle internationalism of his father George H.W. Bush . "  The great irony of the Obama presidency is this , someone who came to office , promising greater engagement with the world has left America less influential in the world , " Bush said . "  Everywhere you look , you see the world slipping out of control , " Bush said , blaming Obama for the rise of ISIS , the breakdown of Iraq and Syria , Iranian dominance of the Middle East and and Russia 's belligerence . "  Under this administration , we are inconsistent and indecisive . We have lost the trust and confidence of our friends . We definitely no longer inspire fear in our enemies , " Bush said , in a speech delivered at such a breakneck pace that he at one point confused Iran and Iraq . This was clearly an act of political positioning rather than an attempt to chart a meaningful foreign policy strategy . "  We policy wonks like wonkish speeches and politicians like political speeches , " said Justin Logan , head of the foreign policy program at the Cato Institute . "  There was nothing very surprising about the speech . I think there would be nothing very surprising about President Jeb Bush 's foreign policy . This was a do no harm speech . " Bush did little to deviate from Republican foreign policy orthodoxy . He said a strong economy was crucial to U.S. national security , advocated increased military spending , rebuilt alliances with NATO members and in Asia and an effort to reengage with traditional U.S. friends in the Middle East like Egypt . While he repeatedly criticized Obama , he did not say if he would use military force against Iran if nuclear diplomacy failed or make a decisive intervention into the debate about whether to deploy ground troops to Syria to help fight ISIS . He did however advocate arming Ukraine . It was the kind of speech that every single Republican running for president is likely to give during the campaign -- with the possible exception of the more isolationist Rand Paul . The goal seemed to be to show Bush could be trusted with national security but was not extreme . And it likely did little to scare off other possible Republican candidates -- especially someone like Florida Sen. Marco Rubio , who is positioning himself as a foreign policy expert . "  Nobody is going to be running for eight more years of Obama foreign and defense policy , " said James Jay Carafano of the conservative Heritage Foundation . "  Everybody is going to sound like they are not a neo-con and not an isolationist . This would check the box of what you would expect a responsible speech to sound like . " Bush argued that he had come by his foreign policy views in a grounding in global affairs that started when he lived overseas with his wife Columba in Venezuela . As governor , he said , he led multiple trade missions to Latin America and had visited Israeli five times . He said he had "  forced " himself to visit Asia four times a year to experience the region 's explosive growth -- and complained that people he met said Obama 's Asia "  pivot " policy was all talk and no action . He ended his speech with a message to Republican isolationists and Obama 's foreign policy backers . "  America does not have the luxury of withdrawing from the world , " Bush said . "  Our security , and our prosperity , and our values demand that we remain engaged and involved in -- often distant places , " he said . "  We have no reason to apologize for our leadership , or our interest in serving the cause of global security , global peace , and human freedom . Nothing and no one can replace strong American leadership . " CNN 's Ashley Killough contributed to this report	Bush balances brother 's Iraq war legacy and his political hopes Slams Obama on everything from ISIS to Cuba Few specifics in speech
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- An alarm sounded when Alejandro Rea walked out of a Hollywood Boulevard clothing store earlier this month , signaling that he may be leaving with merchandise he did n't pay for . Rea is deaf , so he did n't hear the alarm or the shouts from a security guard ordering him to stop . The 28-year-old kept walking out of the Forever 21 until he was tackled and placed in a choke-hold by the guard . It was a drama that played out in front of dozens of tourists gathered on Hollywood 's Walk of Fame and near Grauman 's Chinese Theatre . Pablo Rea , also hearing-impaired as are other members of the family , said it was frustrating watching the guard wrestle his brother for several minutes . "  I can see my brother saying he could n't communicate , " Pablo Rea said Thursday , speaking through an interpreter . "  It was like an immediate attack and my brother went limp and then he got in a choke-hold and became purple . " Rea 's lawyer , John Henrichs , is threatening to sue the store for using excessive force and causing injuries to Rea , something Forever 21 acknowledged in a statement . "  We recognize that the security guard used excessive force , which is against our store policy and have suspended him indefinitely , " the store said in a news release . An advocacy group for the deaf wants the clothing store chain to train workers to be more sensitive to hearing-impaired customers . "  We 're making sure that it wo n't happen again , " said Patricia Hughes , CEO of the Greater Los Angeles Agency on Deafness  GLAD  . Video of the incident , shot by Joshua Fountain using his cell phone , has been viewed hundreds of thousands of times since it was uploaded to YouTube . "  His eyes were watery , " Fountain , from Long Beach , California , said . "  He was practically purplish , reddish , so he was suffering , and he was continuing tapping on the security guard 's arm , telling him ` I 've had enough , I am submitting . ' " Alejandro Rea has not seen the video , since he has been held in a Los Angeles jail since his August 7 arrest . His court date is August 24 , and he has n't been able to pay his $ 56,000 bond . Instead of a misdemeanor shoplifting charge , he faces felony second-degree robbery . His alleged violent resistance to the security guard and his prior arrest record apparently played a role in the more serious charge , the lawyer said . Rea was convicted twice before on misdemeanor petty theft charges , in 2002 and 2008 , according to the Los Angeles District Attorney 's office said . Henrichs said it does n't matter in the civil case if he was shoplifting , since it did not justify the brutal treatment by the guards . "  The security guard , the same one , when they took him back in the office , threw him against the wall twice and so he has injuries from that and he is entitled to be compensated for that , " Henrichs said . Forever 21 could avoid a lawsuit with a settlement , Henrichs said , that should include a donation to Patricia Hughes ' organization . "  Maybe they can turn a negative into a positive with donation to GLAD for sensitivity training for security workers , " he said . Pablo Rea has simple advice for security guards . "  They should have tapped him on the shoulder to get his attention , " Rea said .	Because he is deaf , Alejandro Rea could not hear the alarm or guard 's shouts to stop His lawyer is threatening to sue the store for excessive force Cell phone video of the incident has gone viral on YouTube Rea 's brother says security should just tap people on the shoulder
CNN  -- What do Bruce Willis , Winston Churchill , Marilyn Monroe and King George VI have in common besides being public figures ? They all suffered from stuttering at some point in their lives . But what is stuttering and how it does it manifest itself ? The Stuttering Foundation of America explains on its website that it is "  a communication disorder in which the flow of speech is broken by repetitions , prolongations , or abnormal stoppages of sounds and syllables . " In February 2010 , a group of researchers published a study in the New England Journal of Medicine , which states that the brain cells of people who stutter have three genetic mutations ; this causes problems in the cells ' metabolism . "  This process is called the garbage can , or more like the recycling bin , of the cell . When this process gets interrupted , the cell goes haywire , and that causes problems , " the study 's co-author Dennis Drayna told CNN . According to the National Institute on Deafness and Other Communication Disorders , 1 % of the world 's population , around 68 million people , stutter . One of them is Sophie Gustafson , a Swedish golfer who has been professional for 18 years , winning 28 titles on the most prestigious tours and earning over $ 6.3 million , proving that stuttering is not an impediment to succeed . During September 's Solheim Cup , a biennial international match played between a U.S. and a European team , Gustafson wrote on her official blog : "  I decided to leave my comfort zone and give my first TV interview . " Gustafson decided to speak to the Golf Channel . The editing team worked for two hours on the 70 minutes it took her to answer nine questions . The result ? A three-and-a-half-minute interview . The 37-year-old told CNNMÃ © xico : "  With help from people with good hearts and a little patience maybe a stutterers story can get out there . "  I 've always had it , ever since I first started speaking . Both my older brothers had it too , but by the time they started school it disappeared . Unfortunately I was n't that lucky . " Nonetheless , she had unconditional support from four boys who attended the same school as her , a quartet Gustafson describes as "  the cool kids . " She also explained how sports were key to her development . "  I was very good at all sports growing up and I think that played a huge part . I always played with the boys and I was always the first one to get picked for any team . " In first grade she began speech therapy in the school 's facilities , but far from helping it increased her feelings of isolation . "  it just made me feel singled out and enlighten my problem , that I did n't really see as being much of a problem , " Gustafson said . "  We really did n't do much ; we played different games , probably some that made me say or repeat different words . " Eventually Gustafson left therapy , spending her high school years focusing on her game . She was not the best amateur and could only make it into the ` B ' team , but the real challenge came when she had to make new friends . "  Because of my stutter I tend to go where it 's safe and people know me , I do n't venture out and try to meet new people unless it 's forced upon me. , " she said . Gustafson decided to give speech therapy another shot , commiting to twice-weekly sessions with her therapist for six months . "  She was really good and I think it helped me , " she reflected . "  But it 's too hard for me to translate what I learned into real life . " Gustafson could n't leave stuttering behind , but she clung to golf , and in 1994 the Swede got her Ladies European Tour  LET  membership . This new professional opportunity forced her to once again meet new people , so she sought help from her family . "  I had my brother out with me the first summer so he kind of got me going , " she recalled . "  He is a very social and all around great guy so I just tagged along with him ... I had my dad helping me with flights , booking them over the phone . " By 1998 , Gustafson had won three times on the LET and received the Player of the Year award once . It was time to join the world 's largest and most dominant women 's Tour , the Ladies Professional Golf Association  LPGA  . Three LPGA titles and four years later , she decided to try another treatment at the Hollins Communications Research Institute in Virginia , founded in 1972 to investigate stuttering with scientific methods and new treatment approaches . "  That was a three-week intensive course which was very good , but again , back in real life , I had a very difficult time using what I learned . " None of the treatments she tried in different stages of her life worked . So when she won the Chick-fil-A Charity Championship , she asked someone else do gave the winner 's speech for her . "  I would 've loved to have made the thank you speech instead of having Nancy Lopez do it for me , but because of my stuttering it would 've been Monday by the time I finished , " she wrote in a Sports Illustrated article . Gustafson 's impediment is severe , but she still feels fortunate to have achieved all she has within golf . "  The best thing is to have been lucky enough to go where I 've gone , " Gustafson said . "  It 's important not to care what people think and just do what you want to do . If they have a problem with that , that is exactly that , their problem . "	Sophie Gustafson is a Swedish golfer who has struggled with stuttering all her life Gustafson was part of the European team which won September 's Solheim Cup The 37-year-old gave her first television interview in the wake of the victory
CNN  -- MOEX Offshore , the minority owner of a well that was the source of the 2010 oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico , has agreed to a partial settlement with the federal government . The company , a subsidiary of the MOEX USA Corporation owned by Mitsui Oil Exploration Co. , Ltd. , will pay a total of $ 90 million in the settlement , the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency announced Friday . MOEX , which owned 10 % of the Macondo well , has agreed to pay $ 70 million in civil penalties to fulfill its share of alleged violations of the Clean Water Act . Of that amount , $ 45 million will go toward the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund , which pays for any response actions , cleanup and damages caused by future spills . Louisiana , Alabama , Florida , Mississippi and Texas will receive $ 25 million divvied up between the states accordingly . The remaining $ 20 million will go to land acquisition projects in several Gulf states with the aim of funding environmental and natural resource-protected habitats . "  The companies are pleased to have resolved these claims , " a spokesman for MOEX said Friday . The settlement is the largest civil penalty ever recovered under the Clean Water Act , instituted in 1972 . "  The Department of Justice has not wavered in its commitment to hold all responsible parties fully accountable for what stands as the largest oil spill in U.S. history , " Attorney General Eric Holder said in a statement . "  This landmark settlement is an important step -- but only a first step -- toward achieving accountability and protecting the future of the Gulf ecosystem by funding critical habitat preservation projects . " The three-month-long spill was triggered after an explosion aboard the Deepwater Horizon oil rig on April 20 , 2010 . Eleven people were killed in the blast . MOEX is the first company to settle with the U.S. government , which still has several claims outstanding against eight other defendants -- including BP Exploration and Production Inc. , the majority owner on the doomed well .	MOEX Offshore owned 10 % of the well that was involved in the 2010 Gulf oil disaster The settlement is the largest civil penalty ever recovered under the Clean Water Act The three-month-long spill was the largest oil spill in U.S. history
Eight Indian army soldiers were killed Friday in a gunfight with militants in Indian-controlled Kashmir ahead of a visit by Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi . In a predawn attack , heavily armed militants stormed an Indian army camp 85 kilometers  about 52 miles  from Srinagar in the Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir . The militants opened fire at the camp near the Line of Control , the defacto border between India and Pakistan in Kashmir . "  Eight army troopers including an officer and three cops were killed in the gunfight , which has now ended , " an Indian defense spokesman said in a statement . "  In the ensuing firefight , all the six foreign terrorists were eliminated . " The gunfight came two days ahead of Modi 's visit to Indian Kashmir to campaign for the Hindu nationalist Bharatiya Janata Party , or BJP , which is making its presence felt in the Muslim-majority Kashmir for the first time . Modi 's BJP has fielded candidates for the ongoing state assembly polls . Attacks on the army camps by militants have been occurring in Indian-administered Kashmir , which has been in the throes of separatist violence since 1989 . Last week , militants attacked another army camp in the Arnia sector of the border near the main city of Jammu . The nearly 24-hour-long gunfight claimed 12 lives .	Militants storm Indian army camp in Indian-controlled Kashmir Firefight comes two days before Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi 's visit Modi 's Hindu nationalist party is fielding candidates in the Muslim-majority Kashmir Another militant attack last week claimed 12 lives
Washington  CNN  -- It is a case at the intersection of science and finance , an evolving 21st century dispute that comes down to a simple question : Should the government allow patents for human genes ? The Supreme Court offered little other than confusion during oral arguments on Monday on nine patents held by a Utah biotech firm . Myriad Genetics isolated two related types of biological material , BRCA-1 and BRCA-2 , linked to increased hereditary risk for breast and ovarian cancer . At issue is whether "  products of nature " can be treated the same as "  human-made " inventions , and held as the exclusive intellectual property of individuals and companies . A ruling is expected by late June . On one side , scientists and companies argue patents encourage medical innovation and investment that saves lives . On the other , patient rights groups and civil libertarians counter the patent holders are "  holding hostage " the diagnostic care and access of information available to high-risk patients . How human genes become patented Outside the court , several protesters held signs , such as "  Your corporate greed is killing my friends " and "  My genes are not property . " The justices asked tough questions , raising a number of colorful hypotheticals to explore the boundaries of patent law , including whether things like baseball bats , leaves from exotic Amazon River plants , and the human liver could get federal government protection . "  The patent law is filled with uneasy compromises , because on the one hand , we do want people to invent , " said Justice Stephen Breyer . "  On the other hand , we 're very worried about them tying up some kind of whatever it is , particularly a thing that itself could be used for further advance . " Justice Anthony Kennedy noted Myriad made a significant investment in time and money in its genetic "  discoveries " and might be allowed to have two-decade control over the genes for research , diagnostics , and treatment . "  I just do n't think we can decide the case on the ground : oh , do n't worry about investment , it 'll come " if there was no patent protection . But Justice Sonia Sotomayor used a "  chocolate chip " cookie analogy to say merely isolating naturally derived products would normally not get you a patent , only for the particular process or use of the cookie . "  If I combust those in some new way , I can get a patent on that , " she said . "  But I ca n't imagine getting a patent simply on the basic items of salt , flour and eggs , simply because I 've created a new use or a new product from those ingredients . " The patent system was created more than two centuries ago with a dual purpose . One is to offer temporary financial incentives for those at the ground floor of innovative products like the combustible engine and the X-ray machine . The second is to ensure one company does not hold a lifetime monopoly that might discourage competition and consumer affordability . All patent submissions rely on a complex reading of applicable laws , distinguishing between abstract ideas and principles , and more tangible scientific discoveries and principles . Medical science had traditionally shunned patents . A famous example cited in numerous briefs in the current appeal involved Dr. Jonas Salk 's development and invention of the polio oral vaccine in 1952 . When his life-saving treatment was announced , he said the people would "  own " the vaccine , adding "  Could you patent the sun ? " Maybe not the sun , but in the past 31 years , 20 percent of the human genome has been protected under U.S. patents . All sides agree the science of isolating the building blocks of life is no easy task . Myriad has said it has spent several years and hundreds of millions of dollars in its research . Since Myriad owns the patent on breast cancer genes , it is the only company that can perform tests for potential abnormalities . An initial test catches most problems , but the company also offers a second , separate test , called BART , to detect the rest , a diagnostic that can cost several thousand dollars . "  We invest heavily in the research and development that is needed to discover and provide high-quality molecular diagnostic products that save and improve patients ' lives , " said Richard Marsh , executive vice president and general counsel at Myriad . "  Strong intellectual property and patent rights in the United States are critical to fulfilling our mission . " The company says 1 million patients have benefited from its BRAC Analysis technology , and that about 250,000 such tests are performed yearly . And officials say the average out-of-pocket expense for the testing is only about $ 100 , a figure disputed by the plaintiffs . All sides agree too , the BCRA testing has saved countless lives since it was first unveiled in 1996 , giving at-risk women the option of having their breasts removed as a preventive measure . But some patients have complained charging so much for a second test is "  irresponsible , " and a sign the bio-tech company is more interested in profits than patient care for those unable to afford the second analysis . It is a charge the company strongly denies . Among those challenging the Myriad patents are sisters Eileen Kelly and Kathleen Maxian . Kelly was diagnosed with breast cancer at age 40 . The initial BCRA test proved negative , meaning her family members were not likely at risk . But Maxian later developed ovarian cancer . The second BART testing proved positive , meaning the siblings carry the cancer-causing mutation all along . "  It could have prevented my cancer , or at least caught it early , " Maxian told CNN 's Senior Medical Correspondent Elizabeth Cohen . "  Now my cancer is so advanced , I have only a 20-percent chance of being alive five years from now . I 'm so angry . " Money was not an issue for them , but Kelly and Maxian , along with a coalition of physician groups and genetic counselors say Myriad has not made the BART tests widely available for patients without a strong family history of these kinds of cancers . "  Myriad did not invent the human genes at issue in this case , " Christopher Hansen of the ACLU told the court at argument . He is representing the plaintiffs bring the initial lawsuit . "  Myriad deserves credit for having unlocked these secrets . Myriad does not deserve a patent for it . " But several justices raised concerns . "  Isolating or extracting natural products has long been considered patentable , " said Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg , echoing what the company has argued - and won in lower courts . She offered examples like "  aspirin and whooping cough vaccine . How is this different from those starting as natural products ? " Justice Samuel Alito used the example of a newly discovered plant with "  tremendous medicinal purposes . " "  It 's not just the case of taking the leaf off the tree and chewing it " to treat breast cancer . "  Let 's say if you do that , you 'd have to eat a whole forest to get the value of this . But it 's extracted and reduced to a concentrated form . That 's not eligible for a patent ? " Justices Elena Kagan and Antonin Scalia put a financial spin on the question . "  Why would a company incur massive investment if it can not patent ? " an isolated gene , asked Scalia . When told by Hansen that scientific "  curiosity " or Nobel Prize recognition might be enough , Scalia seemed unsatisfied . "  Well , that 's lovely , " he said somewhat sarcastically . On the other side Myriad attorney Gregory Castanias said "  the parade of horribles " raised by the plaintiffs had not happened . "  There 's no dispute in this case that there has been some alteration of the isolated DNA molecules . " He said there has been an "  explosion in biotechnology and the successful , economically successful , technologically successful , and life-saving industry that is at the heart of these inventions . " But Kennedy disputed Castanias ' assertion this patent was deserved because of "  different economic values " in cutting-edge genetic science -- and that patients did not have the "  human ingenuity " of the BCRA test before Myriad developed it . "  Well , we could have said that with atomic energy , with electric , but so far the choice of the patent law was that we have a uniform rule for all industries , " Kennedy said . "  That avoids giving special industries special subsidies , which is very important it seems to me . " Chief Justice Roberts repeated the concerns of several colleagues , when saying the gene patents were much different from those for pharmaceuticals and other medical advances . "  There , you 're obviously combining things and getting something new . Here you 're just snipping -LSB- the genetic line -RSB- , and you do n't have anything new , you have something that is a part of something that has existed previous to your intervention . " The federal government is taking a somewhat middle ground : DNA itself is not patentable but so-called "  cDNA " can be . Complementary DNA is artificially synthesized from the genetic template , and engineered to produce gene clones . Use of this protein-isolating procedure , known as "  tagging , " is especially important in mapping and cataloguing the vast human genome . Solicitor General Donald Verrilli also suggested Congress could create exceptions in the genetic or bio-tech testing arena , over so-called "  use " patents for specific procedures . The high court has addressed the broader issue before , and may use a 2012 decision to guide the current human gene case . In the so-called "  Mayo " case , the justices unanimously said patents could not be issued on observations of a natural phenomenon -- in this case a doctor 's medical diagnosis of a patient 's reaction to a drug . "  If a law of nature is not patentable , than neither is a process reciting a law of nature , unless that process has additional features that provide practical assurance that the process is more than a drafting effort designed to monopolize the law of nature itself , " wrote Breyer for the court in Mayo . The current case is Association for Molecular Pathology v. Myriad Genetics  12-398  .	Oral arguments held on case involving nine patents held by biotech firm Myriad Genetics isolated two types of material linked to hereditary risk for two cancers Conventional patents are held as the exclusive intellectual property of the inventor Question is whether products of nature should be treated similarly under the law
CNN  -- Li Na 's French Open title defense came to a shock end on Monday as the Chinese tennis star followed world No. 1 Victoria Azarenka in exiting the clay-court grand slam . With second-ranked Maria Sharapova struggling into the quarterfinals with a labored victory , the way is open for the lesser lights of the women 's game to make a name for themselves . Li had been hoping to become the first player since Justine Henin in 2007 to successfully defend her title , but the world No. 7 lost 3-6 6-2 6-0 to Kazakh qualifier Yaroslava Shvedova -- ranked 135 places below her . "  I lost one match so do n't try to put me down , " she said angrily at the post-match press conference . "  I will try to find the reason why I lost . I will take some days off to totally forget tennis , then try to come back next week . I need some time to recover , I 'm not a machine . " Sharapova also battled with the cold , windy conditions at Roland Garros as her serve fell apart and she made a series of unforced errors before finally beating unseeded Czech Klara Zakopalova 6-4 6-7  5-7  6-2 . The Russian is seeking to win the tournament for the first time , having reached the semifinals last year and in 2007 , and she will displace Azarenka at the top of the rankings if she makes it to the title match . She has not won a grand slam since 2008 , when she added the Australian Open to her U.S. Open and Wimbledon crowns . The 25-year-old has resurrected her career after longterm shoulder problems , but major doubts remain about the consistency and strength of her serve -- which let her down in last year 's Wimbledon final defeat by Petra Kvitova and again in the title match against Azarenka in Melbourne in January . The match with Zakopalova featured an incredible 21 breaks of service as Sharapova delivered 12 double-faults to her opponent 's seven and 53 unforced errors to the 30-year-old 's 48 . "  The conditions were difficult today , but it was a good test , " said Sharapova , who lost only five games in her previous three matches . "  I had the chance to finish it in two . I came out strong in the third set and it 's nice to be in the quarters again . " Sharapova will next face Estonian 23rd seed Kaia Kanepi , who upset former world No. 1 Caroline Wozniacki in round three and then beat unseeded Dutchwoman Arantxa Rus on Monday . Kanepi won 6-1 4-6 6-0 against the 21-year-old conqueror of Germany 's No. 25 Julia Gorges to match her 2008 effort of reaching the quarters . Shvedova 's reward for toppling Li is a clash with Czech fourth seed Kvitova , who thrashed Uzbekistan-born American Varvara Lepchenko 6-2 6-1 to reach the event 's last eight for the first time . The 24-year-old Shvedova also reached quarterfinals in Paris in 2010 , when she won grand slam doubles titles at Wimbledon and the U.S. Open . However , she was a first-round loser here last year and then at Wimbledon and missed the other two majors as she struggled with injuries . After Sharapova and Kvitova , the highest-ranked player remaining in the last eight is U.S. Open champion Sam Stosur . The sixth-seeded Australian , who was runner-up in Paris in 2010 , will next face Azarenka 's conqueror Dominika Cibulkova . Tuesday 's other quarterfinal will be between German 10th seed Angelique Kerber and Italy 's No. 21 Sara Errani .	French Open champion Li Na loses to world No. 142 in the fourth round Kazakh qualifier Yaroslava Shvedova moves into the quarterfinals in Paris World No. 2 Maria Sharapova battles into the last eight with three-set win Russian will go top of the rankings if she reaches the title match
CNN  -- Nearly two years ago , after Mitt Romney 's presidential campaign went down to defeat , I gave some ideas in these pages on CNN about how Republicans can win future elections . On that list was an instruction that Republicans need to stop being the "  stupid party . " While it is true that we as Republicans need to do a better job articulating our principles and being the party of bold new ideas , the Democrats have a far worse problem . Democrats need to stop being the party that thinks Americans themselves are stupid . To take one example : At a House Ways and Means Committee hearing in April , members asked Treasury official Mark Iwry if the Obama administration believed it could delay Obamacare 's individual mandate , much as the Treasury delayed the employer mandate . Iwry 's response was stunning : "  If we believe it is fair to individuals to keep that  individual mandate  in place because it protects them ... then we do n't reach the question  of  whether we have legal authority . " The level of sheer arrogance in that response boggles the mind . A Treasury spokesman later publicly disclosed the Obama administration 's official position : The federal government , namely the IRS , is requiring all individuals to purchase insurance to "  protect " the American people from themselves . Lest anyone think this attitude comes from anywhere other than the very top of the Obama administration , take the President 's own comments last October . In a speech in Boston at the peak of the controversy surrounding insurance cancellations , the President repeatedly derided canceled plans as "  substandard ... cut-rate plans that do n't offer real financial protection . " And he did n't just insult the plans themselves , he insulted the people who purchased them : "  A lot of people thought they were buying coverage , and it turned out to be not so good . " In other words , if you like your current plan , you 're delusional -- or a dimwit . The President soon backtracked , and unilaterally waived portions of the bill he signed into law , allowing some individuals to keep their plans , temporarily . But while the President expressed regret for having engaged in what Politifact dubbed the "  Lie of the Year , " he has not once apologized for the arrogant and patronizing attitude underpinning the entire controversy -- one in which the President believes that he and his bureaucrats know better than everyday Americans . Sadly , this attitude does not just pervade Washington liberals ; it 's also right at home in my state of Louisiana . In 2012 , the executive director of a state teachers ' union claimed that school scholarship programs would n't work , because low-income parents could not make decisions about their children 's education , saying they "  have no clue . " These comments perfectly illustrate the left 's double standards . Both President Barack Obama and Eric Holder -- the attorney general who filed suit to impede our scholarship program but lied to Congress about it last month -- choose to educate their children at elite Washington schools costing more than $ 35,000 per year . But if Americans of more modest financial means -- whose annual income may be dwarfed by the tuition fees President Obama easily pays for his daughters -- want their children to escape failing schools , or buy the health plan they want , the left exclaims : "  Oh no , we ca n't let you do that . " That 's exactly how The Nation magazine reacted to the health care alternative I recently endorsed . Responding to the plan 's new incentives giving individuals more choices and insurance options , its analysts claimed that "  most people are not informed well enough  sic  to make the right choices about which plan to buy , what it covers , what it will cost them , and especially how to decide what care to seek . " That 's what The Nation considers an "  epic fail : " allowing the "  ignorant " American people to pick their own health care options . I will readily admit that we do need to improve the transparency of health care cost and quality information . And of course in an emergency no patient in cardiac arrest will be able to "  comparison shop " for treatment options . But if The Nation , President Obama , or anyone else on the left thinks the American people are too dumb to pick a school or health plan , they should say so publicly -- and in so many words . Ronald Reagan famously quipped that the nine most terrifying words in the English language are "  I 'm from the government , and I 'm here to help . " I believe the best way to help is to empower citizens , trusting them to make good choices , not creating nanny states to "  protect " individuals from themselves . As a matter of policy , giving Americans choice in schools and health care is simply the right thing to do . And as a matter of politics , insulting voters ' intelligence is just plain stupid . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Bobby Jindal once warned the GOP to stop being the "  stupid party " He says Democrats now need to heed that advice He points to changes in the rollout of Obamacare and delays in the individual mandate He argues the Obama administration thinks Americans are "  delusional " or "  dimwits "
The Indian diplomat whose arrest sparked a diplomatic row with India has again been indicted by the federal government and faces arrest if she returns to the United States , federal prosecutors said Friday . Devyani Khobragade faces one count of visa fraud and one count of making false statements for allegedly lying on a visa application about how much she paid her housekeeper , according to the indictment filed in a Manhattan federal court Friday . An arrest warrant also was issued , said Jerika Richardson , spokeswoman for the United States attorney 's office for the Southern District of New York . The fresh indictment comes just days after the original indictment against Khobragade was dismissed by a federal judge who agreed with her lawyers ' assertion that she was protected under diplomatic immunity at the time of the first indictment . Federal prosecutors signaled Monday that a new indictment was likely . Khobragade , who left the United States in January , now works for the Indian Ministry of External Affairs in Delhi . Her attorney , Daniel Arshack , declined comment Friday . "  The government of India will respond in due course , " he said in a statement . She was originally arrested and strip-searched by federal agents in New York City in December 2013 . On January 9 , a federal grand jury indicted her on one count of visa fraud and one count of making false statements , the same charges she now faces . Khobragade filed a motion to dismiss the charges , claiming she was "  cloaked in diplomatic immunity at the time of her arrest , " according to court documents . A federal judge agreed on Monday , ruling that Khobragade was "  appointed a Counselor to the Permanent Mission of India to the United Nations , a position that cloaked her with full diplomatic immunity , " according to court documents . She was appointed to that position on January 8 , one day before her first indictment . "  Even if Khobragade had no immunity at the time of her arrest and has none now , her acquisition of immunity during the pendency of proceedings mandates dismissal , " U.S. District Judge Shira Scheindlin wrote . "  The government may not proceed on an indictment obtained when Khobragade was immune from the jurisdiction of the court , " Scheindlin ruled . Arshack on Monday said Khobragade was pleased "  the rule of law has prevailed . " India 's external affairs spokesman , Syed Akbaruddin , issued a statement then welcoming the ruling . Khobragade 's case drew international attention , with Indian officials demanding apologies from Washington , and the United States announcing it would withdraw one official from its embassy in New Delhi .	Devyani Khobragade is indicted on visa fraud and false statement charges Diplomat faces arrest if she returns to the United States Indictment comes days after court dismisses the original indictment against her Diplomatic immunity is key defense in Khobragade 's case
CNN  -- When it comes to the Academy Awards , Hollywood has some biases . The late Heath Ledger won a Golden Globe for his performance as The Joker in "  The Dark Knight . " Summer blockbusters get short shrift . Comedies are n't taken seriously . And animated features ? They almost never get drawn . Which , on the surface , does n't bode well for three of the biggest movie stories of the year : "  The Dark Knight , " Robert Downey Jr. 's performance in "  Tropic Thunder , " and Pixar 's latest marvel , "  WALL-E . " Each earned critical plaudits and box office success . And each faces an uphill struggle nabbing major-category Oscar nominations when the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences announces its shortlists Thursday morning . Awards expert Tom O'Neil , who follows the Oscars for the Los Angeles Times ' TheEnvelope.com , says the best-picture front-runners are "  Frost/Nixon , " "  The Curious Case of Benjamin Button , " "  Milk " and Golden Globe best drama winner "  Slumdog Millionaire . " Barring a completely out-of-the-box surprise , that leaves "  Dark Knight , " "  The Reader , " Clint Eastwood 's fast-gaining "  Gran Torino " and possibly "  Doubt " or "  Revolutionary Road " to battle for the final slot . Watch who took home the Globes " O'Neil believes "  Dark Knight , " the year 's top box office draw , has "  an excellent shot " of making the best-picture list . "  We know that because Oscar voters belong to guilds that have their own awards , ` Dark Knight ' has a strong chance , " he says , noting that the Directors Guild , Producers Guild and Writers Guild have all nominated "  Dark Knight " for their top awards . Read what EW 's Dave Karger has to say about that "  WALL-E , " however , is almost certainly out of the best-picture race , he says . Animated features , no matter how successful , have fared poorly in general categories . Indeed , only one animated feature -- 1991 's "  Beauty and the Beast " -- has ever been nominated for best picture . With the addition of the best animated feature category in 2001 , it 's doubtful that even the best Pixar has to offer will cross over to best picture , particularly since the Academy ignored classics including "  Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs , " "  Fantasia " and "  Toy Story . " "  Oscar voters like reality , " says O'Neil . Either way , the Oscars could probably use the ratings help a box office success can bring to its broadcast . In recent years , the Academy has nominated several independent or low-budget films for top awards , many of which did n't crack the $ 100 million mark at the box office . Oscar ratings have tumbled ; last year 's numbers for "  the Super Bowl for women " -- as the Oscar broadcast is known by advertisers -- were the lowest on record and a far cry from 1998 , when more than 55 million people watched all-time box office king "  Titanic " take home the top prize . That 's not to downgrade the expected front-runners , especially since the Oscars ' intention is to honor some of the year 's best films and performances  though critics have carped they 've often not done so  . Still , it might behoove the Academy to pay attention to box office as well as prestige , particularly when several films have garnered both . Almost three-quarters of the respondents to an unscientific USA Today Internet survey have said they 'd be more likely to watch the Oscar ceremony February 22 if "  The Dark Knight " is nominated for best picture . "  If a film is very successful , it should n't be automatically relegated to the minor leagues , " producer Peter Guber told The Associated Press .  Ironically , Guber co-produced the 1989 "  Batman , " which , despite big box office and Jack Nicholson 's Joker , was nominated for just one Oscar -- for Anton Furst 's set design . It won . Historically , summer blockbusters have n't always been ignored . "  Jaws , " considered the first of the modern summer blockbusters , was nominated for best picture , as were "  Star Wars , " "  Raiders of the Lost Ark " and "  The Fugitive . " And there 's something to be said for giving visibility to smaller films , says John Martin , president and CEO of Alamo Drafthouse Cinemas , an upscale theater chain based in Austin , Texas . iReport.com : Share your thoughts on Oscar nominations "  As an exhibitor , we would love to see those -LSB- smaller niche -RSB- films make it as well , " he says . "  They would have legs -LSB- box office longevity -RSB- if nominated . " Martin , a former film executive , was pleased that "  Slumdog " and "  The Wrestler " -- two films his chain got behind -- fared so well at the Golden Globes , and he has high hopes for both films at the Oscars . "  The Wrestler 's " lead , Mickey Rourke , earned a Globe for best dramatic actor , and is now a leading candidate to win best actor at the Oscars . O'Neil sees Rourke as the front-runner in the category , which should be "  a real slugfest , " he says . "  Milk 's " Sean Penn was considered the early leader , with his main competition "  Frost/Nixon 's " Frank Langella . But now Rourke is in the picture , which could mean trouble for Brad Pitt  "  Benjamin Button "  , Leonardo DiCaprio  "  Revolutionary Road "  , Clint Eastwood  "  Gran Torino "  and Richard Jenkins  "  The Visitor "  . Watch Eastwood talk about "  Gran Torino " " And Kate Winslet , a double winner at the Globes , could fall between the cracks in the Oscar balloting , O'Neil adds . Other awards let the performers or studios designate whether roles are leading or supporting ; the Academy decides on its own , which means that Winslet 's performances in "  Revolutionary Road " and "  The Reader " could split her support , whether for lead or supporting actress . Heath Ledger should have no such problems . The late actor , whose performance as The Joker in "  The Dark Knight " has been considered Oscar material since the film came out in July , is believed to be a shoo-in for best supporting actor . Ironically , he could be competing against Downey -- 2008 's big comeback story -- for a performance as an actor who takes his Method a little too seriously in "  Tropic Thunder . " Though comedies have n't received much nomination recognition , comedic performers have received some recognition , including "  Blazing Saddles ' " Madeline Kahn , "  Heaven Can Wait 's " Dyan Cannon and "  A Fish Called Wanda 's " Kevin Kline , which ca n't hurt Downey . There 's also his personal story , says O'Neil : After drug abuse nearly killed his career , he starred in "  Thunder " and "  Iron Man , " two of 2008 's biggest hits . "  He 's a hopeful spin on the Ledger story , " O'Neil says . Martin believes Ledger is a lock . "  I would n't be surprised if he wins -LSB- outright -RSB- , " he says . But "  Dark Knight " ? Hollywood will have to get past its disdain for "  comic-book movies . " Which , O'Neil says , it should . "  This is n't just a superhero movie , " says O'Neil . "  It 's come to the rescue of Hollywood during a dark time . "	"  The Dark Knight " was year 's top box office film , also critically praised Oscar nominations tend to go to "  prestige " works One observer believes "  Knight 's " prospects for best picture nod are "  excellent " Other strong possibilities : "  Slumdog Millionaire , " Mickey Rourke , Heath Ledger
CNN  -- Striker Asamoah Gyan has told CNN the pressure will be on Ghana to win the African Cup of Nations  CAN  when the tournament gets underway in Equatorial Guinea and Gabon in January . The Black Stars are four-time winners of the continent 's biennial football tournament , but have not lifted the trophy since emerging victorious in Libya 29 years ago . With traditional African football giants such as seven-time CAN winners Egypt and Cameroon , champions on four occasions , failing to qualify for next year 's competition , Gyan admits the pressure will be on Ghana to perform . "  A team like Ghana , people are wondering why we do n't win the African Cup of Nations and it 's a big worry to our fans , " the 25-year-old said . 2012 African Cup of Nations draw "  You can see that there are many giants who are out of the competition . You 're talking about Cameroon , you 're talking about Nigeria  double CAN winners  , Egypt as well . So now the pressure is going to be on us , because we did so well in the World Cup . " Last year 's FIFA World Cup in South Africa saw Ghana reach the quarterfinals in only their second appearance in football 's premier competition , eventually losing on penalties to Oscar Tabarez 's Uruguay . Gyan , who is currently on a season-long loan at United Arab Emirates  UAE  team Al-Ain from English Premier League outfit Sunderland , warned against coach Goran Stevanovic 's team becoming complacent during the tournament . "  The other countries , we have to know that they are coming to win , " he said . "  That 's what we have to watch out for , we ca n't be swollen headed . "  We have to stick to our game plan . I think we have quality players who are capable of winning the CAN as well , so we have to see what is going to happen . " Toure : Man City can be like Barcelona Gyan surprised many when he chose to leave England to join Al-Ain in September , but the forward , who has also played for French club Rennes , explained how he hopes his transfer will boost the club 's profile in Africa . "  People move there at the end of their careers , " he said . "  Why do they move there ? People might say because of money , because they want to finish their career there . "  I moved there while I 'm on top of my game . That means I 'm going to play good football and I want to bring exposure there ... As an African , people look up to me . "  There are a lot of people watching on the television . It 's the big games like Manchester United playing Chelsea , but now even if United is playing , people do n't watch it , they watch Sunderland . "  So do you see the difference ? When I moved to Sunderland , I brought more exposure to the league in Africa . " Gyan 's transfer to Al-Ain is temporary , with the one-time Udinese striker still contracted to Steve Bruce 's Sunderland . The Accra native is unsure what the future holds and has not ruled out a move back to Europe or England . "  I 'm going to decide at the end of the season whether to move back to Europe or wherever I want to go . It depends on me the player , and my happiness . "  Everyone wants to play in England . I really enjoyed myself last season and I had many fans . Everyone was happy with my performance and I really , really enjoyed myself . " Ghana are top seeds in Group D of the African Cup of Nations , having been drawn alongside Mali , Guinea and tournament debutantes Botswana .	Asamoah Gyan says pressure is on Ghana to win 2012 African Cup of Nations The Black Stars have not won the competition since beating Libya in 1972 Gyan has defended his September move from Sunderland to Al-Ain The 25-year-old wants to raise exposure of UAE side Al-Ain in Africa
Midland City , Alabama  CNN  -- Residents of Midland City , Alabama , gathered to show support and offer prayers for the family of a 5-year-old hostage held in a bunker . Saturday marked the fifth day of an armed standoff in that town , where authorities are negotiating through a ventilation pipe with the man accused of barricading himself and the boy underground . Police have been tight-lipped about a possible motive since the hostage drama began unfolding with the shooting of school bus driver and the abduction of the 5-year-old . In a sign of perhaps how tense negotiations are between authorities and the suspect , officials have refused to detail what , if any , demands have been made by the suspect . Michelle Riley , a resident of Midland City , pleaded for the suspect to let the boy go . "  He just needs to know that ... everybody makes mistakes . Everybody 's been through life events that changes them , but  the boy 's  innocent . You know , let him go home to his mother . Let him go home to his grandparents . Let him come out to the community . Let him go back to school and be with his friends , " she said . She spoke at a Saturday vigil for the boy held outside the Midland City town hall . Residents there sang "  Amazing Grace . " "  I 'm here in support of this family , " said Deborah Trammell , also at the vigil . She explained that she lost a son five years ago in a car accident . "  I can relate to this family because they 've had a child all of a sudden plucked out of their lives , " she said . On Friday , the Dale County sheriff confirmed what neighbors have been saying and local news outlets have been reporting since the standoff began -- the suspected gunman 's identity . ` We do n't want to make any mistakes , ' Ala. governor says He is Jimmy Lee Dykes , 65 , a Vietnam veteran and retired truck driver who moved to the area about five years ago . The sheriff 's department released a photo of a gray-bearded , unsmiling Dykes and brief physical description : white male , 6 feet tall , weighing 170 pounds with brown eyes and gray hair . Officials have been in "  constant communication " with Dykes , Sheriff Wally Olson said Saturday . Dykes has told police that he has an electric heater and blankets for the boy . The sheriff publicly thanked Dykes for taking care of the child . This much is known , according to police and witness statements : On Tuesday at about 3:40 p.m. , bus driver Charles Poland Jr. was shuttling children from school to their homes when he dropped children off and the gunman boarded the bus . The gunman demanded that Poland , 66 , hand over two children . Poland refused , blocking access to the bus 's narrow aisle as at least 21 children escaped out of the back emergency door , according to police . The gunman shot Poland four times , killing him ; grabbed the boy and then barricaded the two of them inside a nearby bunker . It 's unclear whether the gunman was after a specific child on the bus . Police have said there is no connection between the suspect and the abducted boy , whose identity is being withheld . The suspect , who police have identified as Dykes , is holed up in a bunker 4 feet underground and built at least partially out of PVC pipe , authorities have said . A hostage negotiator has been communicating with the alleged gunman through a 60-foot-long plastic ventilation pipe in an effort to end the standoff . Authorities believe the boy is physically unharmed . The suspect agreed to let police send down coloring books , crayons and prescription medication that the boy needs for treatment for Asperger 's syndrome and attention deficit disorder , State Rep. Steve Clouse told CNN . Neighbors have said the bunker has electricity , and Dykes has been known to stay in it for up to eight days , said James Arrington , the police chief in nearby Pinckard . Dykes has been described as a self-styled survivalist with "  anti-government " views , according to the Southern Poverty Law Center 's Hatewatch . The incident called to mind another bus hijacking . In 1976 , three masked men boarded a school bus in Chowchilla , California , taking 26 children and their driver hostage . They were forced into a buried vehicle , where they spent 16 terrifying hours before they were able to escape . Jennifer Hyde was on that bus . She was 9 years old , and described what happened as the end of her childhood . "  You could n't just go on and have a normal childhood when you faced a life threatening situation like that . You just ca n't go on and be carefree , " she told CNN 's Don Lemon . She said her heart goes out to the boyet : "  I ca n't imagine him being alone in the situation that he 's in . At least I was able to have other children with me and one adult that I knew and could trust . " As negotiations in Alabama continue , preparations were under way for Poland 's funeral . Services for the late school bus driver will be held Sunday at the Ozark Civic Center . Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley praised Poland for protecting the children on his bus . "  He stood in that place , and when that man came to take two children , he said no . And he lost his life because of that ... he did his job , and I 'm proud of him as the governor but I 'm just proud of him as a human being , " he said . CNN 's George Howell reported from Midland City and Chelsea J. Carter wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Vivian Kuo and Dana Ford contributed to this report .	NEW : A 1976 kidnapping victim recalls her experience The suspect has been identified as 65-year-old Jimmy Lee Dykes He is accused of killing a school bus driver and abducting a 5-year-old Authorities have said there is no connection between Dykes and the boy
BOULDER , Colorado  CNN  -- Blake Jones ' business plan for his company , Namaste Solar Electric , was so unusual , he confounded a lot of business experts . Typical home solar systems cost about $ 12,000 up front , but supporters say they pay off in the long run . "  We did have a lot of skeptical , raised eyebrows at the beginning , " Jones said of his company , which installs solar power systems in Colorado . "  We even have had business schools bring teams of MBA students to come to do a case study , " he said . Outsiders were baffled by some of these company plans : • Environmental concerns would be a driving force in every aspect of the company . • Six weeks of paid time off . • A concept called FOH -- frank , open and honest -- to help eliminate gossip and grudges . • Employees , no matter what their job description , have the same pay scale . • One percent of yearly revenues goes to solar systems donated to community groups . • All major decisions would be made by consensus of all company employees . Jones had done a serious turnabout in his own career that inspired some of the unusual principles of Namaste . Namaste is a Sanskrit greeting meaning "  to bow to you . " The civil engineer spent five years working in the Middle East for Brown and Root , a subsidiary of Halliburton , in the oil and gas industry . "  But something in me realized there is something more . I did n't like the overdependence that we have on oil and gas . I think oil and gas , even coal are always going to be a very big part of our lives . But I think what we need to do , is we need a more balanced portfolio . I had a gradual awakening to wanting passionately to work with renewable energy because I thought there was a better way , " Jones said . He moved from the Middle East to Nepal , where he spent three years installing solar and hydroelectric systems in remote areas . Although the clients and the mission are very different in Colorado , solar power is becoming a more popular long-term investment in the state . Jones picked a place where residents are open to doing things a different way . Boulder is tree-hugger heaven by anyone 's standards . The city has lots of incentives to encourage the use of renewable energy . "  There is more interest in solar in Boulder then anywhere else in Colorado . That 's one example of how environmentally focused our community is , " said Sarah Vanpelt , environmental sustainability coordinator for the city . In 2004 , Colorado voters approved state incentives for the use of alternative energy . "  And Boulder provides a rebate on a portion of the sales and use tax that property owners pay to purchase and install a system , and we use those funds to provide grants to nonprofits to install solar on affordable housing , low-income housing , and on nonprofit facilities , " Vanpelt said . "  So I think we will continue to see growth in the green industry and in renewable energy , both solar and wind , " she said . Namaste is in the process of remodeling a 15,000-square-foot warehouse for its offices . Watch more about the unique project " And it is doing it to the highest of green building standards , the LEED , or Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design certification . That involves everything from the use of natural light to the recycling of building materials to the access to the building by public transportation . And yes , all the building 's electricity will be provided by a solar system Namaste installs . Most of the panels will be on the roof , but there will also be a solar awning . Construction manager Marc Smerekanicz did some of his own head-scratching with some of the requests to meet LEED standards . "  Thinking in a different way than what I was brought up to think of as the construction process , that 's the way of the future , " Smerekanicz said . For some customers , it is rising energy prices as much as concern for the environment that is prompting them to consider solar power for their homes and businesses . Namaste just installed solar panels on the home of Hal Stuber . "  It 's become more reasonably priced , and on top of that there are the incentives from the utility company , also the federal tax credits . So , all in all , the economics really look excellent , " Stuber said . "  For every $ 3 of cost , from rebates and tax credits I 'm getting about $ 2 back , and yeah , that 's a big incentive . I doubt that I would have done this had it not been for the rebates and tax incentives , " he said . Stuber plans to use some of his solar power for a plug-in motorbike . And when his system produces more power than he uses , his electric meter runs backward . At the end of the year , he may get money back from the utility . Even with rebates , Jones said , a typical solar system costs a homeowner about $ 12,000 up front . But he said that as a long-term investment , it pays off . He said that 's why the company 's community involvement comes in the form of solar installations , not cash . "  We consider a solar system to be a gift that keeps on giving . If we give them a solar system , then it will save their electricity bills each year for the next 30 years , compared to if we just give them money , it will contribute to their budget for that one year only , " Jones said . So how 's that crazy business plan working ? In the past 3 1/2 years , Namaste has installed more solar systems than any other company in Colorado . Three original employees have grown to 45 . And the company has been growing by triple-digit percentages every year . "  Whatever perspective you look at , we 're being profitable , and it 's exactly what we need to do to prove that our business experiment , that our company model is going to work , " Jones said .	Businessman Blake Jones seeks to develop renewable energy sources Jones ' passion for solar sparked a radical career shift during time in Mideast Home solar system costs $ 12,000 , but Jones says it pays off in long run Boulder , Colorado , offers rebates , grants for home solar power systems
Baku , Azerbaijan  CNN  -- "  Oil Rocks " is a piece of history . Azerbaijan 's "  city in the sea " is the site of the world 's first offshore oil well . One hundred and twenty kilometers out into the Caspian Sea , it 's still actually within the capital Baku 's city limits . Built in 1949 , in Soviet times , Oil Rocks is a huge feat of human engineering . Three hundred kilometers of roads , 256 individual oil wells : this is no small operation . Two thousand people live and work here every day , working on a one-week shift rotation . Catering to the needs of its citizens , it even has its own museum and restaurants . Oil Rocks was the world 's first attempt to tap into offshore reserves , buried beneath the water . Stalin commissioned the project , before going on to develop Russia 's Siberian oil operations . One drilling platform after another was built and linked up with piers , the foundations formed by sinking ships 1,000 meters to the seabed . Flying there by helicopter , a thin film of oil over the water is visible -- evidence of the biggest industry in the Caspian Sea region : hydrocarbons . Local oil and gas reserves have been exploited over the years by the Persians , the Ottomans , the Soviets and now Azerbaijan itself . In Azerbaijan the oil has been flowing for centuries . In 1900 , half of the world 's production of crude oil came from this corner of the former Soviet Union . This country is now a transit point for energy exports from the whole Caspian Sea region . Oil Rocks is a fascinating link in the chain of eastern supply and western demand . Today the site is operated by SOCAR , Azerbaijan 's state oil company . A new well was drilled just this month . Over 60 years after it was built and Oil Rocks is still producing oil and gas , still contributing to the Azeri economy .	Built in 1949 , Azerbaijan 's ` Oil Rocks ' was the world 's first offshore oil well It is 120km from land but still within the capital Baku 's city limits 2,000 people still live and work there every day The ` city in the sea ' has 300km of roads and 256 individual oil wells
CNN  -- Dear Girls of the World , First of all I have to say : Congratulations ! We have all come a long way from once being mistakenly called the inferior sex . I remember the first time I read Aristotle 's view that a female is an incomplete male , "  or as it were , a deformity . " I was really offended and furious . The first thing that popped in my mind was , "  We have to prove all our detractors wrong . " But we definitely ca n't do that with 60 million of our girls out of school ! So yes , we have come a long way , but we are still not there yet . A wise friend recently told me : No child in the developing world has died directly due to the lack of education . They die due to illness , during childbirth , due to violence , poverty , etc. -- which is probably why the world has n't yet understood the gravity of having more than 100 million children not in primary school , of which 60 million are girls . If you really think hard , you will realize that the way to end the cycle of poverty , reduce the number of teenage pregnancies and early marriage and many other ills that befall our girls is through education . An educated girl will marry later , will have fewer and healthier children , will educate her daughters and without a doubt her sons , will be self-sufficient and , most importantly , will have a voice . She will not only dream but also realize her dreams of becoming whoever she wants to be . I am writing this letter to all of you girls , but especially appealing to those who have had the privilege of going to school . We need to use our educated voices to raise awareness in our families , communities , countries and the world and say we can not and will not ignore our sisters anymore . They have the same rights as we do , and there can be no discrimination . We can and must hold our governments accountable and ask them to give us the answers and results we deserve . I am also writing this letter to all the boys -- fathers , brothers and husbands , friends who have supported us . I am grateful that you see us as just as important to the human race as our male counterparts . Your support and belief in us keeps us encouraged to keep powering on . Please keep it coming and please spread the word . Finally , I write to those we want to affect with our voices positively : You have the right to an education . You have the right to grow up healthy , in safety , and with equal access to opportunity . I , and millions of your supporters across the globe , stand with you in the pursuit of equality . Change is coming ; the world is listening . I know that this movement -- your movement -- will grow in influence and scope . My promise to you : I will continue to use my voice as your voice . Together , we can ensure that girls everywhere can go to school and stay in school . You hold our future in your hands . I believe in you . With love and hope , Freida Pinto More : CNN 's "  Girl Rising " Read more open letters Open letter from Christiane Amanpour : It 's time to power the world Open letter from Queen Rania of Jordan : More than tiaras and cupcakes How to help | Take action with 10x10	Actress Freida Pinto writes an open letter to girls of the world "  I will continue to use my voice as your voice , " Pinto writes
CNN  -- Australian wonder mare Black Caviar extended her unbeaten streak to 25 races in some style on Saturday , blowing away her rivals in the TJ Smith Stakes at Sydney 's Randwick Racecourse . Her 25th victory was also her 15th at the sports highest level , overtaking the mark of 14 Group 1 wins set by the legendary Kingston Town in the late 1970s and early 1980s . It was in 2011 that Black Caviar posted what many consider her greatest-ever performance in this very race , beating Hay List by three lengths after trailing him by the same distance coming into the home straight . On this occasion no such heroics were required . Facing one of her toughest-ever fields , including her old foe Hay List , admittedly not the force he once was , and the in-form Bel Sprinter , Black Caviar 's regular rider Luke Nolen had to jockey for position in the early stages as he sought to overcome an unfavorable inside draw . The decisive move came around 300 meters out , when Nolen guided her away from the softer ground by the rail and settled her behind the leaders towards the middle of the track . From there , all Nolen had to do was pull the pin and the six-year-old instantly responded , lengthening away from the rest of the field with her to claim her eight consecutive Group 1 win . All day Sydneysiders had celebrated the presence of one of Australia 's most popular sporting heroes . Flags in her trademark salmon and black colors fluttered over Sydney 's iconic harbor , while the capacity crowd ensured Randwick Racecourse was filled the rafters . Speaking after the race , Black Caviar 's trainer Peter Moody praised the crowd , adding that he was "  extremely proud " of his mare for breaking Kingston Town 's record . As Black Caviar was cheered on her way back to the winners ' enclosure her jockey noted , "  You can see what she means to racing . To be part of that -- words escape me . " With Black Caviar 's form seemingly better than ever despite her age , her connections have hinted that a return to Royal Ascot , scene of her narrowest-ever victory , may be on the cards later this summer before a rendezvous with Frankel in the breeding shed in what would surely be considered the racing world 's own royal wedding .	Black Caviar wins 25th straight race on Saturday in Sydney -- 15th straight at highest level Jockey on Black Caviar : "  You can see what she means to racing . To be part of that -- words escape me . " Black Caviar 's connections hint that a return to Royal Ascot may be on the cards this summer
London  CNN  -- A policeman in London appears to have accidentally revealed an arrest plan for WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange , in what UK media have branded an embarrassing slip-up by London 's Metropolitan Police . The photo , snapped by the Press Association news agency and published in several newspapers , shows a clipboard held by a uniformed officer Friday outside the Ecuadorian embassy where Assange has been holed up since June . Clearly legible in a zoomed-in view of the clipboard , on a sheet of paper headed "  Restricted , " are the words : "  EQ Embassy brief - Summary of current position re . Assange . Action required - Assange to be arrested under all circumstances . " It goes on to suggest possible ways in which he could exit the building , such as in a diplomatic bag or vehicle . The document also appears to warn of the possibilities of "  distraction , " perhaps by supporters of Assange who have previously rallied outside the central London embassy building . UK police have previously made clear that they intend to arrest Assange if he leaves the embassy , where he is shielded by its diplomatic protection . Ecuador says UK would be ` suicidal ' to try and enter embassy for Assange But the carelessness of an officer in apparently exposing details of the force 's plan will likely cause red faces . Asked about the photograph , a spokeswoman for the Metropolitan Police told CNN "  the document is not related to the Julian Assange case . " The apparent slip-up is the latest twist in the Assange case , which has brought unlikely drama to the posh Knightsbridge neighborhood since he sought refuge in the embassy to avoid extradition to Sweden to face questioning over sex crime allegations . This month , Ecuador officially offered Assange asylum in the South American country , but the British say they will not give him safe passage out of the embassy . The Foreign Office says Britain has a legal obligation to hand him over to Sweden , after Assange 's legal efforts to avoid extradition were rejected by British courts up to the Supreme Court . The dispute gathered heat when the British Foreign Office , in a letter to Ecuadorian officials , cited a little known law that could temporarily suspend the embassy 's diplomatic protection and allow authorities to enter and arrest Assange . Ecuador 's resident has dismissed any steps in that direction as "  suicidal . " Assange 's lawyer , Baltasar Garzon , said his client was willing to answer Swedish prosecutors ' questions , but only if he was given certain guarantees . Assange , an Australian , and his supporters claim a U.S. grand jury has been empaneled to consider charges against him . He says the allegations against him in Sweden are politically motivated , and claims to fear Sweden will transfer him to the United States , where he claims he could face the death penalty for the work of WikiLeaks . Sweden angrily rejected that allegation last week . What 's next for Assange ? CNN 's Bharati Naik contributed to this report .	Policeman is photographed holding what appears to be an Assange arrest plan A line can be read saying , "  Assange to be arrested under all circumstances " "  The document is not related to the Julian Assange case , " a police spokeswoman says Assange has been holed up in the Ecuadorian embassy in London since June
CNN  When packing your carry-on luggage , do n't forget to remove your gun . Unless you 've got permission , not remembering could get you in trouble . The U.S. Transportation Security Administration seized a record 2,212 firearms from carry-on luggage in 2014 , the U.S. Department of Homeland Security reported Friday . That 's more than the TSA has seized in any other year of its existence , and it 's a 22 % increase from the 1,813 guns seized in 2013 .  The agency actually hit a record 2,000 seizures on December 1 , before the year was over . That 's an average of six guns per day . Of those discovered , 83 % were loaded . The department 's employees "  stand on the front lines protecting our nation from dangerous contraband and people , while ensuring the free flow of lawful trade and commerce -- just two aspects of our mission , " Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson said in a news release . "  This is critically important work , and our employees ' achievements are self-evident : in 2014 , the TSA screened more than 650 million passengers , nearly 1.8 million each and every day , " Johnson said . Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport security seized the most guns last year , with 120 . Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport came in second place with 109 gun seizures , and Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport came in third place with 78 gun seizures . Houston George Bush Intercontinental Airport had 77 gun seizures , while Denver International Airport had 70 . Forgetting can be expensive and even criminal . Passengers whose guns are spotted by TSA security during the screening process can be arrested by airport or local police and face criminal charges , and the TSA can impose civil penalties . Members of TSA Pre-check can be temporarily or permanently banned from the expedited screening program . While the TSA 's gun seizures hit a record high last year , the agency screened more than 443 million checked bags and nearly 1.7 billion carry-on bags . "  It is a reminder that passengers should check their personal belongings before arriving at the TSA checkpoint to ensure they do not have any prohibited items in their possession , " TSA spokesman Ross Feinstein said . The 1,813 guns seized by the TSA in 2013 was up from 1,556 seizures in 2012 and 1,320 in 2011 . The agency seized 1,123 guns in 2010 , 976 guns in 2009 , 926 guns in 2008 , 803 guns in 2007 and 821 guns in 2006 . People who want to take their guns to their destinations should n't simply pack them . The TSA 's website , www.tsa.gov , lists agency rules to follow for checking firearms and other weapons . The agency does n't list state and local weapons laws , which vary by jurisdiction . Fake guns are n't OK , either . The TSA also found more than 1,400 firearm components , replica firearms , stun guns and other "  dangerous objects " in carry-on luggage . Do n't bring firearm replicas through passenger screening . Check them or ship them ahead of time . Crazy things Americans tried to take on planes in 2013	The TSA says it seized 2,212 guns last year Most people probably forget that their guns are in carry-on bags Follow TSA rules for including your guns in checked luggage
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- Fourteen people , most of them children , have been killed in a stampede during a Hindu festival in eastern India , police said Tuesday . The crush occurred Monday on a bridge along the banks of the river Ganges in Patna , the capital of Bihar state , according to authorities . The site was packed with hundreds of thousands of devotees celebrating the annual festival of Chhath , Patna 's police chief Jayant Kant said . During Chhath , one of the biggest festivals of eastern India , worshipers gather along river banks to offer prayers to the sun . An electric short circuit generated sparks from power cables , triggering the panic that led to the stampede , Kant said . About eight people were initially reported Monday to have been injured in the crush . But Kant said Tuesday that authorities no longer had anybody recorded as injured after some people died from their injuries .	The stampede occurred near the river Ganges in Patna , the capital of Bihar state Sparks from an electric short circuit triggered panic , police said The area was packed with hundreds of thousands of devotees
The death toll from this month 's Typhoon Haiyan in the Philippines has spiked to 5,235 , a national agency reported early Saturday . That figure -- posted at 6 a.m.  5 p.m. ET Friday  on the National Disaster Risk Reduction and Management Council 's website -- marks a significant increase from counts earlier in the week . On Thursday , for instance , the toll stood at slightly more than 4,000 . The same agency also reported that 23,501 were injured due to the epic storm , with 1,613 reported missing . The missing amount is 31 higher than a day earlier . The monster typhoon left behind a catastrophic scene after it made landfall on six Philippine islands on November 8 , leaving many without immediate access to food and medical care . It flattened some communities and displaced about 3 million people . INTERACTIVE : Panoramic photo shows Haiyan devastation	The death toll rises yet again ; it stood at just over 4,000 on Thursday 23,501 were injured , while 1,613 have been reported missing , a Philippines agency reports
Budget Travel  -- Where better to while away the afternoon than a communal table at one of these beer halls and gardens , from an old-time Bohemian favorite to a newcomer with all Asian brews . The tables and benches fill up quickly inside Loreley Restaurant & Biergarten , a Lower East Side mainstay , whose stripped-down aesthetic sticks to exposed-brick walls , a planked floor , and no kitsch . Even more desirable is a spot in the patio-like garden in the back , where the concrete walls are brightened with planters . Do n't come looking for the newest microbrew from the East Coast : The draft and bottle list here is German-only . Try one of the two smooth , light Kölsches , which -- like the owner -- are from Cologne . They 're served in traditional narrow glasses that hold about seven ounces  200 mL  . 7 Rivington St. , 212/253 -7077 , loreleynyc.com , beer from $ 3 . Michael "  Bao " Huynh , who presides over a growing Vietnamese restaurant empire , brings a little bit of Southeast Asia to the Lower East Side with beer garden , Bia . Enter by navigating a facade that still looks like a greasy takeout joint -- and come ready to quaff . The options on the all-Asian beer list are delivered in ice-filled metal pails in batches of six , 12 , or 24 bottles . Seafood reigns on the street-food-inspired menu ; the shrimp summer rolls  $ 7  and red snapper in a tamarind sauce pack a flavorful punch  $ 18  . 154 Orchard St. , 212/780 -0010 , beer from $ 4.50 . Budget Travel : America 's top college football towns A former candy , tobacco , and spices storage facility , Radegast Hall & Biergarten became stein central in 2007 , when its long benches , oval tables , and annex with a retractable roof began to draw brew-loving locals : soccer fans , young families , and music lovers . A full kitchen means there 's more than just sausages like the kielbasa  $ 9  ; either the schnitzel or the goulash , for instance , make for majorly satisfying eating  both $ 16  . The dozen-odd draft list , primarily from Germany , includes the stellar wheat beer Franziskaner and the citrusy Blanche de Bruxelles . Well-priced specials keep both the suds and the good feelings flowing ; on weekdays that vibe 's often abetted by live 1920s - and '30s - era jazz . 113 N. 3rd St. , Williamsburg , Brooklyn , 718/963 -3973 , radegasthall.com , beer from $ 7 . Raise your glasses ! Five fall beer fests Hallo Berlin takes the beer garden indoors , with picnic tables , flags , and pennants from all over Germany , and a bar with half-liter steins and one-liter glasses at the ready . The Radeberger pilsner is a rightfully popular choice . Requisite sausages like Currywurst and brats are represented , but save some room for the piquant sides , namely the potato and pickled cucumber salad . The actual garden out back is small and fills up quickly as workers make their exodus from Midtown 's office towers and locals stop by to shoot the breeze over some wurst . A smaller "  express " branch is a few blocks away , on 9th Avenue . 626 10th Ave. , 212/977 -1944 , halloberlinrestaurant.com , beer from $ 5 . Budget Travel : World 's weirdest hotels Come early to Zum Schneider , a never-deserted corner in the party-hearty East Village -- it 's especially hopping during soccer matches and on weekends , when an exuberant , preppy crowd sits for hours enjoying German brews and sharing plates of schnitzel , spaetzle , and sausage . If you 're in the mood for something mild , opt for a Radler  cyclist  , a refreshing mix of lager beer and lemon-lime soda that will keep you road-ready  half-liter $ 5 , one liter $ 10  . 107 Ave. C , 212/598 -1098 , zumschneider.com , beer from $ 4 . Bohemian Hall & Beer Garden is a living relic from the early 1900s , when New York 's population swelled with Czechs , Germans , and Slovaks , who made beer gardens an everyday part of city life . Still owned and operated by its founding Czech-Slovak benevolent society , the beer hall keeps the Mittel-European vibe intact with live music and waitresses able to lug an impressive number of steins of Staropramen , a popular Czech beer on tap . Guzzling post-collegiates pack the garden 's picnic tables late into the night . 29-19 24th Ave. , Astoria , Queens , 718/274 -4925 , bohemianhall.com , beer from $ 5 . Budget Travel : The coolest small towns in America When beer halls start to seem too rowdy and loud , head to much calmer Vol de Nuit in Greenwich Village . Although the bare-bones , redbrick courtyard and its metal café chairs and tables wo n't win any design awards , Vol de Nuit 's distance from the street makes it a serene locale for sipping one of the Belgian beers that pair amiably with the mussels and fries -- the only things on the menu . The bar 's interior is decorated with a pressed-tin ceiling , hurricane lamps , and a small bar cozied up against a back corner and dimly lit with bare red lightbulbs . It 's all quite soothing . After a few sips , you could imagine yourself transported to a sleepy side street in New Orleans 's French Quarter . 148 W. 4th St. , 212/982 -3388 , voldenuitbar.com , beer from $ 6 . Get the best travel deals and tips emailed to you FREE - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2011 Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. , all rights reserved .	New York City has plenty of well-known beer halls and gardens There are many places to grab a beer , from Bohemian favorites to a garden with all-Asian brews New York 's best beer can be found for reasonable prices all over the city
Thanks to the flu , a broken ankle , a staph infection , and bronchitis , plus several school cancellations , my three children were at home -- hurting , vomiting , coughing , or tracking muddy water into our house -- all but seven days last February .  Shall I pause to let the horror of that number sink in ? All but seven .  I 'm normally an efficient , organized person who thrives on plans and checklists , but by the end of that month , I 'd accomplished almost nothing beyond reading aloud the entire fifth book of Harry Potter . I felt so anxious that I was on the verge of hyperventilation . Originally a form of self-defense , the ancient Chinese art of tai chi promotes serenity through gentle movement . "  You need to close your eyes , take a deep breath , and imagine yourself surrounded by an egg of light , " a Buddhist friend said . But when I closed my eyes and took a breath , I was surrounded by used tissues and dirty laundry . Obviously , I was in need of some inner peace . Studies have shown that learning to still the mind , if only for a few minutes , can lower blood pressure , reduce heart rate , limit stress hormones , and enhance immune function . But traditional forms of meditation do n't work for me . If I sit still and close my eyes , I fall asleep or think about my to-do list . So , I gave myself a new task : Find an activity that calms my mind without giving my weary body a chance to nod off . Does such a thing exist ? Health.com : Making time for me Tai chi This ancient Chinese practice -- believed to offer all the health benefits of silent meditation while giving you something to do with your hands and feet -- seemed like an obvious place to start for an antsy , toe-tapping sort like me . The thing is , I have a poor sense of balance and tai chi often requires standing on one foot . To avoid the not-so-peaceful experience of looking like a dork in front of a group of total strangers , I opted for a DVD , with only the tiniest hope of success . I surprised myself . The quiet music and the calm voice of the middle-aged woman demonstrating the moves were so reassuring that I forgot I looked like an idiot . The effort it took to follow along in what resembles the slow-motion version of a beautiful dance was literally mesmerizing . If I did n't feel peaceful , exactly , at least I was filled with quiet concentration , the kind that banishes all thoughts of picky eaters , mortgage payments , and unreliable co-workers . I emerged from the first lesson feeling refreshed and rested . Health.com : A new prescription for happiness Knitting I have friends who are passionate about knitting . Do n't they know that it 's possible to buy an immediately wearable sweater for less than the cost of the yarn it takes to knit one ? Nonetheless , stressed-out 21st-century workingwomen are returning in droves to the craft . It made no sense to me ... until I tried it , that is . Knitting , it turns out , is the perfect example of active stillness . In fact , 20 minutes of knitting can lower your heart rate and blood pressure -- the same physical response triggered by yoga , Tai Chi , or meditation . Some hospitals have even begun to offer knitting courses for stress release . The secret seems to lie in the soothing combination of rhythm and repetition . By the end of my first lesson , I 'd become proficient enough that my hands could make the motions almost automatically . The sound of the needles had a metronomic quality , a calming pace that automatically slowed my thoughts . And the feel of the wool sliding through my fingers was almost like a caress . Health.com : Boost your mood with color Walking in the woods I 'd read somewhere that exposure to nature can boost a person 's general well-being and sense of calm -- and I certainly needed a dose of that . So I headed to some nearby woods where the redbuds and crab apples were in full bloom . Birds called piercingly , squirrels quarreled , and high branches clattered together in the wind . In other words , nothing about the forest was still or quiet or remotely peaceful , but somehow it made me feel peaceful . I stopped thinking about my family and work deadlines and all that laundry . In fact , I stopped thinking altogether . Back at my car , I checked the clock and was shocked to learn that more than an hour had passed . Now , I ca n't realistically give up an hour every day to nature . But studies have shown that even small doses of nature can be healing , so I 've tried a few smaller-scale nature interactions , as well . I started a small aquarium , planted a windowsill bean garden , and hung a bird feeder where I can see it from my desk . Health.com : Make time to play OK , so the fish are n't as interesting as I 'd hoped for : Watching them swim aimlessly in their small tank , in constant motion but getting absolutely nowhere , hits a little too close to home for me . But the sight of tiny leaves unfurling on the bean vines and the scent of soil filling the room when I water them have been surprisingly gratifying . As for the bird feeder ? It 's the best minidose of nature I 've found so far . All spring I watched goldfinches and cardinals courting right outside my window . Watching them hop from branch to branch as they get their fill and move out of the way for others to feed may not be meditation , per se , but it 's something similar -- a reminder that the world can offer peace and stillness , even in the midst of mayhem . Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright Health Magazine 2009	Stilling your mind can lower blood pressure , reduce heart rate , limit stress hormones If traditional meditation leaves you sleepy , try mind-calming activities Tai chi believed to offer benefits of silent meditation but with movement 20 minutes of knitting can lower your heart rate and blood pressure
Venezuela 's interim leader has upped the ante in his accusations about U.S. plots to destabilize his country , calling on President Barack Obama to investigate . "  Factors in the Pentagon and the CIA " are conspiring as elections approach in the South American country , interim President Nicolas Maduro said this week . "  We want to say to President Barack Obama , stop this madness , " Maduro said during a campaign planning meeting broadcast Monday on state-run VTV . The United States has been denying a steady stream of accusations from the acting leader ever since the day he announced President Hugo Chavez 's death . Monday was no exception . "  Let me say it here extremely clearly , looking right at you , " State Department spokeswoman Victorial Nuland told reporters . "  The United States categorically rejects allegations of any U.S. government involvement in any plots to destabilize the Venezuelan government or to harm anyone in Venezuela . " Hours before he announced that Chavez had died on March 5 , Maduro said that a U.S. Air Force attache had been expelled from Venezuela and accused him of seeking military support for a plot against Chavez . Chavez 's criticisms of U.S. imperialism were a hallmark of his presidency and played well with his supporters . And some analysts say it 's no surprise that the accusations have escalated with Maduro on the ticket to replace Chavez in presidential elections April 14 . Maduro , meanwhile , has remained firm in his claims . "  I am saying the absolute truth , " Maduro said , "  because we have the testimonies and direct , first-hand information . " Last week Maduro announced that planning was in the works for a commission of "  the world 's best scientists " to investigate whether Chavez , who died after battling cancer , had been poisoned . Maduro stressed that he was n't accusing the United States , but he implied that the United States could have been behind such an attack on Chavez . In the 1940s and 1950s , the United States and other countries had "  scientific laboratories testing how to cause cancer , " Maduro said . "  Seventy years have passed . These kinds of laboratories of evil and death have not advanced ? " Also last week , he accused Otto Reich and Roger Noriega -- two fierce critics of Chavez 's government who once worked for the U.S. State Department -- of plotting to assassinate Henrique Capriles Radonski , the opposition candidate for Venezuela 's presidency . Reich and Noriega both denied the accusations and warned that it could be a sign that Venezuela 's government was involved in a plot of its own against the opposition candidate . "  These charges are so removed from reality that they may well be a smoke screen behind which the Venezuelan government is planning to eliminate Capriles , " Reich said in a Twitter post Sunday . Noriega said Monday that Cuban officials could be behind the accusations , which he described as "  no laughing matter . " "  Of course , this is a baseless , malicious lie , but it should not be dismissed as a cynical campaign tactic , " Noriega wrote in an online post . Maduro has said his government was offering security for Capriles . "  This candidate knows that he has all the guarantees to conduct his campaign in liberty , " Maduro said , "  and we are going to avoid any craziness against him . "	Nicolas Maduro says "  factors in the Pentagon and the CIA " are conspiring "  We want to say to President Barack Obama , stop this madness , " Maduro says The U.S. "  categorically rejects " the allegations , a State Department spokeswoman says
Cairo  CNN  -- Egypt 's first democratically elected president , Mohamed Morsi , will appoint a woman as one of his vice presidents and a Christian as another , his policy adviser told CNN . "  For the first time in Egyptian history -- not just modern but in all Egyptian history -- a woman will take that position , " Ahmed Deif told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour on Monday . "  And it 's not just a vice president who will represent a certain agenda and sect , but a vice president who is powerful and empowered and will be taking care of critical advising within the presidential Cabinet . " Amanpour blog : The woman who monitored Egypt 's election The news came as the man Morsi beat for the presidency , Ahmed Shafik , left Egypt for Abu Dhabi , and as Cairo 's administrative court overturned a rule that allowed the military to arrest people without a warrant . Though Morsi had previously argued for banning women from the presidency , he said before the election that as president he would stand for women 's rights . "  The role of women in Egyptian society is clear , " Morsi told CNN weeks before the runoff election . "  Women 's rights are equal to men . Women have complete rights , just like men . There should n't be any kind of distinction between Egyptians except that ... based on the constitution and the law . " The Islamist figure , a Muslim Brotherhood leader , also promised to safeguard the rights of minorities . Egypt "  definitely " will not be an "  Islamic Republic , " Deif said Monday . Morsi moved into his offices Monday , said Jihad Haddad , an adviser to the transition team . He began the work of assembling a new government -- one of the powers he maintains after the military junta running the country recently slashed the presidency 's reach . The process of picking people to serve in the Cabinet "  wo n't end in a day , " Haddad said . Shafik , who lost in the runoff election to Morsi , left the country Tuesday for the United Arab Emirates , his attorney and a Cairo airport official said . He traveled to Abu Dhabi , Cairo airport official Mohamed Sultan said . He is not fleeing the country , Shafik 's attorney , Showee Elsayed , told CNN . While legal petitions accusing Shafik of corruption were submitted in April , prosecutors have not taken legal action on them , so "  there are absolutely no legal cases pending " against him , Elsayed said . Shafik was the final prime minister to serve under President Hosni Mubarak before he was ousted . Shafik 's office said Tuesday he "  will establish a new political party upon his return from the UAE and Saudi Arabia , where he is on private visits . " He and his two daughters will perform Umrah , an Islamic religious pilgrimage to Mecca . Meanwhile , Cairo 's administrative court , which hears civilian complaints against the government , rejected a controversial rule Tuesday that the Ministry of Justice had established before the election . The rule stated that military personnel and intelligence forces could arrest civilians without a warrant . The right to arrest civilians had previously been reserved for police officers , the state-run Ahram news agency reported . The court also decided that , on September 1 , it will look into legal petitions filed against the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces over its decision to cancel the constitutional committee , which had been charged by the parliament before it was dissolved with drafting a new constitution . The court decided that on July 7 , it will look into legal petitions filed to stop recently issued constitutional articles by SCAF that limit the powers of the president . And on July 10 , the court will look into legal petitions filed against the decision to dissolve parliament . They were among 14 legal complaints filed about the rule by various individuals and groups , including the Muslim Brotherhood . CNN 's Samuel Burke , Amir Ahmed and Josh Levs contributed to this report .	A Cairo court overturns a rule allowing the military to arrest civilians Mohamed Morsi 's adviser says he will pick a woman and a Christian as vice presidents Morsi has begun assembling a new government Ahmed Shafik will establish a new political party in Egypt , his office says
CNN  -- A giant yellow duck on display at Taiwan 's Keelung Port is finding little to be happy about this New Year 's Day . The famed 18-meter inflatable art installation , created by Dutch artist Florentijn Hofman , burst and deflated on Tuesday , leaving locals shocked and disappointed . The duck 's demise came only 11 days after it arrived in Keelung City Harbor , the latest in a multi-city Taiwan tour for the celebrity bird . There are multiple theories as to what led to the New Year 's Eve tragedy . Murder most fowl ? According to Taiwan media reports , one tourist claims she saw what looked like an eagle scratch the rubber duck with its talons . If that 's indeed the case , jealousy could very well have been the motivation behind this unprovoked attack . Meanwhile , a meteorologist speculates an unseasonal dose of sunshine may have overheated the duck , disrupting its internal pressure after weeks of cold , rainy conditions , leading to its rupture . "  We want to apologize to the fans of the yellow rubber duck , " said Keelung City Council Speaker Huang Ching-ta while addressing media . "  We have n't found the cause of the burst . We will carefully examine the duck to determine the cause . " Photos of the damaged duck can be viewed on Chinese micro-blogging site Weibo . Fortunately for fans , the city says it plans to borrow another copy of the floating art installation , due to be installed by Saturday at the earliest . More : Giant duck conquers Taiwan A turbulent past Versions of the famous duck have previously taken up temporary residence in cities all over the world , including Beijing , Osaka , Sydney , Sao Paolo and Amsterdam . After stirring up a craze in Hong Kong in May and June , followed by a two-month stint in Beijing , the 18-meter inflatable duck arrived in Taiwan in September . It was docked at Kaohsiung City until October 20 , before floating to Taoyuan then its recent spot in Keelung in northern Taiwan . Tuesday 's deflation is the latest in a string of unfortunate duck-related incidents . In May of 2013 , Hong Kong 's version of the giant duck mysteriously lost its mojo one night , leaving its deflated yellow shell bobbing lifelessly in Victoria Harbour . In late October , the Taoyuan version deflated then exploded during an attempt to re-inflate it . In 2009 during a port call in Belgium , it was stabbed 42 times by a vandal . "  We do n't know why the person did it , " artist Hofman said in an earlier interview with CNN . "  But -LSB- the incident -RSB- brought the people of that town together . The community had a stake out at night and protected it and even the police looked after it . It shows that this piece of art means a lot to people in the vicinity of this work . " More : How the big rubber duck was born	Giant rubber duck deflates 11 days after arriving in Taiwan 's Keelung City Harbor Locals speculate weather or birds to blame for demise of art installation by Dutch artist Officials promise a new rubber duck will be installed as soon as possible
CNN  "  We can not kill our way out of this war , " State Department spokesperson Marie Harf said on Tuesday . "  We need in the medium to longer term to go after the root causes that leads people to join these groups , whether it 's lack of opportunity for jobs ... " Since then , Harf has been attacked by conservatives , particularly for her jobs remarks . But she 's right in her assessment . And , I would suggest , she should have gone further : There 's reason to think that bombing is exactly what ISIS wants us to do . Why else would they be goading us into it ? It 's called "  terrorism " for a reason . The goal is to cause terror , to scare people into acting -- or overreacting . The most recent ISIS propaganda video was produced in English for a reason . It seems they want the West to react and take the bait . And we are obliging . Months ago , a war-weary United States was suddenly whipped back into a pro-military-action frenzy . Why ? Writing in Mother Jones , Kevin Drum , explained : "  All it took was a carefully stagecrafted beheading video and the usual gang of conservative jingoists to exploit it . " Longtime defense analyst Kenneth Brower made a similar point : "  A YouTube video of a beheading forces the U.S. president to go to ` war ' in order to avoid being called weak by his domestic political opposition . That 's not leadership ! Worse , the so-called hawks push for deeper involvement irrespective of military reality . They live in a fantasy world of U.S. military exceptionalism . " ISIS then beheaded a British journalist , so the British stepped up its military support in the campaign against ISIS . Then ISIS goaded Jordan with a video of the hideous immolation of a Jordanian pilot . Jordan responded with bombs . Now ISIS has just goaded Egypt with a mass execution ... and Egypt has , predictably , responded . Anyone who does n't see a pattern here is n't looking . Yes , the violent terrorism of ISIS is medieval and inhumane . That does n't mean it ca n't also be rational . And this is where the assessment of Harf and the Obama administration -- and Republicans calling for even further military action -- falls short of the mark . Not only can we not kill our way out of this war , but killing may exacerbate the situation . Why would ISIS goad the world to attack it ? To be legitimized as a forceful threat , while at the same time provoking actions that lead to more civilian casualties when nations strike back . This provokes more rage at the West and its regional allies , drawing more martyrs and sympathizers to the terrorist cause . And we are playing into ISIS ' hands : In Syria , ISIS had to put up giant screens to show its beheading videos . But in the West , mainstream media is doing it for them , covering ISIS propaganda as 24/7 fear - mongering under the banner of news . Effective counterterrorism strategy begins with not doing what the terrorists want us to do . But right now , we are the dog being wagged by the tail of ISIS . After all , while the capacity to commit terrorism likely involves some psychosis , terrorists do n't just spontaneously spring from the ground like demonic daisies . In 2006 , the National Intelligence Estimate compiled by America 's top counterterrorism agencies found that the war in Iraq had , according to a Washington Post article , "  become a primary recruitment vehicle for violent Islamic extremists , motivating a new generation of potential terrorists around the world whose numbers may be increasing faster than the United States and its allies can reduce the threat . " ISIS and its ilk want to concoct an existential war between their brand of fundamentalist Islam and the rest of the globe . The leadership of ISIS may do abhorrent things because of a crazy adherence to an apocalyptic interpretation of Islam , as Graeme Wood has just written in The Atlantic . But they do n't just slaughter people , they produce hi-definition , theatrically staged , English-language videos of the slaughter , as well as a propaganda magazine in English . America 's homeland , thankfully , has not been the direct target of ISIS violence , but we have been the target of this propaganda . It 's working . Recruits are flocking to ISIS . This is not to say there 's no military solution to ISIS , though many experts such as Brower certainly doubt that such tactics will work . It may ultimately be smarter to push a political solution , such as the division of Iraq and the region into new sectarian-based states , as has been proposed in the past . Whatever the solution , what is clear is that the values and vision of America and our allies in the region should be proactively driving the agenda rather than a reactionary furor whipped up at the whim of ISIS . We have to stop broadcasting their propaganda . We have to stop responding with bombs every time they provoke us with videotaped slayings . We have to stop being weak and fearful in the face of ISIS ' threats . Otherwise , no matter how much territory we bomb , ISIS will keep winning . In fact , if you think the only way to defeat them is with bombing , they 've already won .	Sally Kohn : Overreacting to ISIS ' atrocities is what the terrorists want to aid them in recruiting She says the West will not win against ISIS this way ; it will only make the situation worse
CNN  There was a time when Roger Ebert was , simply , "  the fat one . " When TV viewers first saw Ebert -- whether it was on "  Sneak Previews , " his and Gene Siskel 's national PBS movie review show , or "  Siskel & Ebert & the Movies , " the widely syndicated version -- they latched on to the look : a slightly rumpled , sweater-vested guy with glasses , paired off with the much taller , balding Siskel  who , of course , was "  the bald one "  . Never mind the Pulitzer Prize for criticism , which Ebert was the first film critic to win . Never mind the probing interviews with figures such as Kirk Douglas and Burt Reynolds . Never mind the expertise he brought to his job or the no-nonsense attitude he had in offering his critiques . Most people did n't see that -- until they settled in and watched the two Chicago critics go after each other , debating the finer points of "  Blue Velvet " or "  Die Hard . " It was only then that , perhaps , viewers realized this was n't just a show about movies . Movie quiz : How ` Ebert ' are you ? It was also a show about movie reviewing , movie embracing , movieGOING . A shared awe and love of pictures projected in the dark . And that was Ebert 's genius .  Siskel , who died in 1999 , should get some credit , too . The pair 's chemistry was integral to the show 's spirit . They reveled in film in ways that appealed to the aficionados -- folks who knew who Andrew Sarris and Pauline Kael were -- and to the masses , popcorn-loving audiences who did n't care so much about art as wanting to be entertained for two hours . But well before "  Sneak Previews " and well after Siskel 's death , Ebert reveled in film and shared his enthusiasm with others . In 1967 , when he was hired as the Chicago Sun-Times ' movie critic , he had n't yet turned 25 but sounded like a film veteran . A generation later , when the Internet came calling , he was all over it , developing his own website , tweeting incessantly , sounding off in one format or another . He made his site a home for young movie enthusiasts and ran reviews from "  far-flung correspondents . " He invited comments and , perhaps surprisingly , rarely had to deal with trolls . By loving conversation , he made sure the dialogue was always respectful . Trolls and fanboys went elsewhere to vent . It 's not that he was n't opinionated . His arguments with Siskel -- and later with Richard Roeper -- testify to that . One of his books was titled "  I Hated , Hated , Hated This Movie . " Another was "  Your Movie Sucks . " But even the emotion was less about anger than disappointment , a sense of "  how dare you . " He knew how hard it was to make a movie ; after all , he 'd written the script for a couple , including "  Beyond the Valley of the Dolls , " and went out of his way to praise small performances and little-known filmmakers . A film that did n't try was more than a waste of time . It was an offense . "  I  hated the implied insult to the audience by its belief that anyone would be entertained by it , " he wrote about "  North . " "  I 've seen bad movies before . But they usually made me care about how bad they were , " he wrote about a film called "  Mad Dog Time . " Not even cancer , which forced the removal of his lower jaw and eventually took his life , could tamp down his energy . As he watches a movie , "  Ebert scribbles constantly , his pen digging into page after page , and then he tears the pages out of his notebook and drops them to the floor around him . Maybe 20 or 30 times , the sound of paper being torn from a spiral rises from the aisle seat in the last row , " Chris Jones wrote in a 2010 Esquire profile . "  The lights come back on . Ebert stays in his chair , savoring , surrounded by his notes . It looks as though he 's sitting on top of a cloud of paper . " Watching movies has been compared to waking dreams : the darkness , the colors , the sense of being immersed in another world . More than once , Ebert wrote about the experience of seeing films as a reverie and escape . Few were better at conveying that sense to those outside the theater . And that cloud ? One can see him there , a man among the mist , lost in the light .	Movie critic Roger Ebert appealed to film aficionados and the popcorn-loving masses In 1975 , Ebert was the first film critic to win a Pulitzer Prize Ebert 's legacy is explored in CNN Films ' "  Life Itself "
CNN  -- You might not have wanted to bet on Billy Joel in the summer of 1977 . If "  The Stranger " had n't been a success , Billy Joel suspects he would have been dropped from his label . For a guy whose career had started out promisingly , he 'd undergone more setbacks than a wild-armed pitcher . In his teen years he was a session pianist on Shadow Morton-produced records  including , allegedly , the Shangri-Las ' "  Leader of the Pack "  , but failed with his groups , including a heavy-metal duo . He followed his first Top 40 hit , "  Piano Man , " with a bitter second one , "  The Entertainer "  in which he sang , "  If I go cold/I wo n't get sold/I 'll get put in the back/In the discount rack/Like another can of beans , " over an incongruous synthesizer track  . He was considered a singer-songwriter with great potential but bickered with his label and his producers . Making 1976 's "  Turnstiles , " he fired producer James William Guercio -- a consistent hitmaker with Chicago -- and took the helm himself , with uneven results . And yet he still had something , remembered Phil Ramone , who was to produce Joel 's 1977 breakthrough , "  The Stranger . " At a 1976 Columbia Records convention in Toronto , Joel opened a musical showcase and "  ripped the crowd up , " Ramone recalls in a phone interview from Connecticut . "  My friends said , ` Watch this guy . ' " Watch Joel perform "  Piano Man " " And then there was a series of concerts at New York 's Carnegie Hall in early June 1977 , featured on the new anniversary edition of "  The Stranger "  Columbia/Legacy  , out Tuesday .  A special edition of the release also includes a DVD of other Joel performances .  Known then , as now , as an exciting live performer , Joel and his band gave a series of performances that impressed Ramone -- though , he noted , the recorded versions paled in comparison . "  I watched what he had done and tracked his past records , " he says . "  Everything I 'd seen had n't been captured on record . " "  The Stranger " turned out differently . Joel came through with a top-notch set of songs , and four of them -- "  Just the Way You Are , " "  Movin ' Out , " "  She 's Always a Woman " and "  Only the Good Die Young " -- became hits . "  The Stranger " established Joel as a best-selling artist -- reportedly , upon release , it was the biggest-selling Columbia album in history -- and propelled him to his Rock and Roll Hall of Fame career . Watch Joel perform "  Only the Good Die Young " in Russia " At the time , he just wanted to make a consistent record . "  I do n't recall feeling this was going to be the breakthrough . We were just happy with the album we were making at the time , " Joel says in the press materials for the "  Stranger " re-release .  Joel was n't available for an interview with CNN . He acknowledges , though , that "  The Stranger " could have been his last stand . "  I did n't know this at the time , but had it not been a successful album , the label probably would have dropped me . 'Cause you have to remember , this was my fifth album without having had a major hit , " he says . Joel interviewed several producers , Ramone recalls , including the Beatles ' George Martin . Ramone , known for his graceful touch in the studio , was coming off Paul Simon 's "  Still Crazy After All These Years " and the Barbra Streisand "  A Star Is Born " soundtrack . He and Joel hit it off at "  an Italian lunch that took forever , " Ramone says , and in July went into the studio to record . The album was recorded in three weeks -- very quickly , says Ramone . The producer remembers the sessions as full of humor , with his most difficult task reining in the members of Joel 's band . It was an accident that Ramone ended up included in the group portrait on the album 's back cover , dressed in New York Yankee regalia -- "  I only posed because I thought , ` They 'll never use this , ' " he says . "  The role I played was kind of like the captain of the team , " he says . "  I doled out punishments -- it was a crazy , lunatic group . There were times I 'd throw out -LSB- ideas -RSB- and they 'd say , ` No way . ' They all had great opinions . " Then there was Joel , a forceful singer who , Ramone observes , is also "  extremely vulnerable . " The singer had a tendency to hide behind his song 's characters ; Ramone urged him to put more of himself into the vocals in "  The Stranger , " and continued the advice for succeeding albums . "  I would say , ` When is Billy Joel going to show up ? ' " Ramone says . "  You have to adapt -LSB- the character -RSB- to you . " Running through the album 's tracks more than 30 years later , Ramone says there 's always something he 'd like to change , but in general he 's very satisfied with the record , particularly the songs "  Scenes from an Italian Restaurant , " "  The Stranger " and "  Just the Way You Are . " The latter , he notes , was supposed to have been spiked -- Joel , who wrote it for his then wife , thought it was too syrupy .  "  A chick song , " he 's called it .  Moreover , Ramone 's suggestions for the song met with resistance : Drummer Liberty DeVitto rebelled against the Brazilian baion beat , and the band was unhappy when Ramone tapped jazzman Phil Woods to play the alto sax solo . But the song proved to be the album 's big hit . "  They put out ` Movin ' Out ' -LSB- as the first single -RSB- , and it -LSB- failed -RSB- . And then out of nowhere came ` Just the Way You Are , ' " Ramone says . The song got a big boost when Joel appeared as the musical guest on "  Saturday Night Live " in February 1978 and eventually won Grammys for song and record of the year . "  The Stranger " was the beginning of a fruitful run for Joel and Ramone . The pair made seven more albums together , including the No. 1 records "  52nd Street " and "  Glass Houses , " and still maintain a warm relationship , says Ramone . Joel , who will play the final two concerts at New York 's soon-to-be-closed Shea Stadium July 16 and 18 , has long since put the questions of "  potential " to rest . "  I did n't necessarily set out to be a big worldwide , international super rock star kind of guy . I set out to make a living as a musician , and this is the way it happened , " he said .	Billy Joel was at a career crossroads in 1977 "  The Stranger , " his breakthrough album , came together quickly , says producer Album now out in 30th-anniversary edition ; propelled Joel to success
CNN  Riding the crisp green waves that break into a whirl of foam on Costa Rica 's Pacific shore , Rupert Hill looks like he could surf before he could walk . However , for the 37-year-old owner of Surf Simply , a surfing resort in Nosara , the sport was an early love that blossomed later in life . He first paddled out to the big blue when he was a teenager , but his professional life took a different turn when he embarked on a fine art degree in London . In the end , the pull of the waves was too strong and Hill decamped to Costa Rica with a goal to create a surfing school with a difference . "  I wanted to create a really intimate space that was a long way away from the putting the lots of people in the water kind of business model that surf schools often are . I wanted to just have a few people , 12 people each week , and then this area is somewhere where they can completely decompress and just focus on being coached how to surf better , " he says . A large chunk of the school 's training is devoted to theory classes , and Hill also films his students while they 're surfing so that he can show them what aspects of their technique they need to improve : "  The first time you see yourself surfing , it 's kind of mortifying . It 's a little bit like hearing yourself sing for the first time . But , like most sports , it 's the best coaching tool we have , " he says . Hill 's fine art credentials have not gone to waste though , as his creative training helped him design the website as well as the resort logo . While following his passion for surfing was important , Hill stresses that figuring out how to make money out of it was equally significant . "  The business side of it has to work , the numbers have to make sense . Otherwise , what you 've got is a brilliant hobby that 's not a business , " he says . Hill says that , while he feels fortunate that his work fulfills him , it still involves ordinary tasks that can sometimes be mundane . "  I do n't think anyone is going to find a job that they love all the time , but if you can find something that you love most of the time , you 're luckier than most people in the world . "	Ru Hill trained in fine art in London However , his heart was in surfing and he opened a surf retreat in Costa Rica He says following a passion is important , but it has to make financial sense
EW.com  -- Chuck Lorre 's latest vanity card slams an actor as an erratic junkie on his sitcom set who was "  impossible to work with . " And the performer was ... a monkey ? EW.com : Chuck Lorre 's latest super-short vanity card This just aired after "  The Big Bang Theory " on the East Coast . You be the judge : Dear Concerned Viewers , Thanks to the magic of computer graphics , the monkey in tonight 's episode was not actually smoking a cigarette , nor was he ever exposed to secondhand smoke . At all times , every effort was made to make the monkey feel happy and safe . Nevertheless , he proved impossible to work with . During the week of production his behavior became increasingly erratic , to the point of refusing to come out of his trailer to rehearse . It was n't until after we finished filming his scenes that we learned why . The monkey is a heroin addict . Yes , hard as it may be to believe , the monkey had a monkey on his back . Thankfully , an intervention was staged by the Geico lizard and he is now going through detox and a twelve step program at the Bonzo Center in Palm Springs . Everyone at "  The Big Bang Theory " wishes him well . EW.com : Charlie Sheen invites Chuck Lorre to his next ` Torpedo ' show See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2010 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Chuck Lorre 's latest vanity card slams an actor The card aired after "  The Big Bang Theory " on the East Coast "  The monkey is a heroin addict , " Lorre said
Tokyo  CNN  -- Dozens of flights were canceled in and out of a northeastern Japanese city on Tuesday after construction workers came across an unexploded shell believed to be from World War II buried near a taxiway . Airport authorities in Sendai said they had canceled all 92 flights , national and international , scheduled to use the airport Tuesday after the discovery of the shell late Monday under an unpaved area beside the taxiway . Read more : World War II bomb closes part of Amsterdam airport Members of the Japanese Self Defense Force are working to remove the ordinance , which is thought to be a U.S.-made bomb dropped during World War II , the airport said , adding that officials hope flights will be able to resume Wednesday . The device still has a fuse , which raises the risk that it could explode , and is approximately 110 centimeters  43 inches  long and 35 centimeters wide , authorities said . Sendai is still recovering and rebuilding after the devastating earthquake and tsunami that killed thousands of people and caused widespread destruction across northeastern Japan in March 2011 . The city is the largest in the region of Tohoku , which bore the brunt of the natural disasters . The damage to its airport was widely documented in images that emerged in the aftermath of the quake and tsunami .	Construction workers unearthed the shell buried near a taxiway All 92 flights in and out of the airport have been canceled Tuesday Authorities hope to resume flights Wednesday once the shell has been removed Ordinance is thought to be a U.S.-made bomb dropped in World War II
CNN  -- I love Thanksgiving . I love everything about it : gathering three generations around the table , pausing for a moment with heads bowed to thank God for our abundant blessings , carrying a tradition across the centuries , watching my beloved Texas Longhorns play football . I even love clanging the pots and scraping the plates afterward . And I especially love the eating . We are traditionalists in my family , so it 's turkey and stuffing , and three kinds of pie . I am hoping this year to add one more item to the menu : a small serving of conscience . For as we gorge ourselves , Congress is contemplating drastic cuts in food aid for the least of our brethren . Food stamps , formally known as Supplemental Nutrition Assistance for the Poor , or SNAP , help poor people eat -- simple as that . And I mean poor . The average SNAP household has a gross income of just $ 744 per month . I 'll bet House Speaker John Boehner spends more than that each month just on cigs and merlot . Requirements to receive food stamps have become so tight that Feeding America , the nation 's leading domestic hunger-relief charity , estimates that only 57 % of food-insecure Americans are even eligible for food stamps . Can you imagine being too poor to afford food , but too "  rich " to qualify for food stamps ? Eatocracy Opinion : SNAP Is n't about a free lunch So benefits under the SNAP program go to the poorest of the poor -- and they 're not exactly living high on the hog off food stamps , either . The average monthly SNAP benefit per person is $ 133.85 , or less than $ 1.50 per person , per meal . A buck-fifty per meal does n't go far . By the third week of the month , most people 's benefits have already run out . And yet even that miserly amount is too generous for some Republican politicians . Rep. Stephen Fincher , R-Tennessee , has likened food aid for the poor to robbery , telling a gathering of his fellow Tennesseans , "  The role of citizens , of Christians , of humanity is to take care of each other , but not for Washington to steal money from those in the country and give to others in the country . " Eatocracy : How do you stretch your food dollars ? I am sure Fincher is a good man , but I prefer to listen to Jesus on the role of Christians . After all , he said , "  For I was hungry and you gave me food , I was thirsty and you gave me something to drink . " Fincher , like nearly all House Republicans , voted to cut SNAP by $ 40 billion over ten years . Those cuts would kick 3.8 million Americans off food stamps and end subsidized school lunches for 210,000 hungry children . Some 170,000 of the people who will be kicked off food stamps are veterans -- an especially heartless way to treat those who have worn the uniform . Here 's the beauty part : While literally taking food out of the mouths of the hungriest Americans , the House GOP farm bill protects corporate welfare , in the form of subsidized crop insurance  among other programs  . Rep. Rosa DeLauro , D-Connecticut , somehow manages to talk about this without her head exploding -- which means she has greater self-control than I do . "  Republicans are continuing to protect crop insurance subsidies to some of the wealthiest Americans and at the same time trying to cut the very program that helps keep children , seniors , and disabled individuals out of hunger , the Food Stamp Program , " she said . "  Unlike food stamps , crop insurance subsidies are not subject to means testing or payment limits . Some farms annually collect more than $ 1 million in crop insurance . " Eatocracy : How to feed your family from a food bank DeLauro is too polite to mention that one of the well-to-do welfare recipients is her colleague , Fincher . Fincher has received $ 3.48 million in taxpayer subsidies for his Tennessee farm , including $ 70,000 in 2012 alone . By contrast , the average Tennessee food stamp recipient gets $ 1,586.40 per year . Mark Zandi of Moody 's was an economic adviser to the GOP presidential campaign of Sen. John McCain . He studied the effect of various government spending to stimulate the economy . Guess what he said gives us the most bang for the buck -- the single best expenditure we can make to stimulate economic growth ?  Drumstick roll , please .  That 's right -- food stamps . For every dollar we spend on SNAP , Zandi said , $ 1.73 surges through the economy : Farmers make more money , truckers haul more food , grocers hire more cashiers . Oh , and hungry people get a meal . It 's a win-win-win . So this Thanksgiving I will once again thank God for my family , my freedom , and my food . And pray a little extra for the Republican politicians to help their fellow Americans -- and our economy -- by supporting food stamps . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Paul Begala .	Paul Begala : As we gorge at Thanksgiving , GOP House wants to cut food stamps for millions He says SNAP gives a small amount of money to the very poor ; comes out to $ 1.50 a meal GOP Rep. Fincher , who voted to cut , got $ 3.48 million in farm taxpayer subsidies , he says Begala : Economists say food stamps spur economic growth ; GOP should restore them
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Michael Jackson 's fear that promoters would "  pull the plug " on his comeback concerts if he missed more rehearsals was unfounded , the head of the promotion company testified Tuesday in Dr. Conrad Murray 's involuntary manslaughter trial . "  No one on our end was ever contemplating pulling the plug , " said Randy Phillips , the head of AEG Live . Murray 's defense lawyers contend Jackson self-administered the overdose of drugs that killed him in a "  desperate desire to get to sleep , " because he feared without rest he would miss his next rehearsal and trigger the cancellation of his "  This Is It " tour . Jackson 's mother , Katherine , sisters Janet and La Toya , and brother Randy Jackson were in court to watch Tuesday 's testimony . Earlier Tuesday , a nurse who tried to treat Jackson 's insomnia with natural remedies testified that Jackson told her that doctors assured him using the surgical anesthetic propofol at home to induce sleep was safe as long as he was monitored . Jackson died two months after that conversation with nurse Cherilyn Lee , from what the coroner ruled was an overdose of the surgical anesthetic propofol , combined with sedatives . Prosecutors contend Dr. Murray 's use of propofol to treat Jackson 's insomnia in his home was reckless , in part because he did not have proper equipment to monitor his patient and he abandoned him to make phone calls . Phillips was the eighth witness called by the defense since the prosecution rested its case against Murray Monday morning . If the tour was canceled , Jackson would have to pay for all of the production and rehearsal costs , Phillips said , although the judge would not let him tell jurors how much that might have been . Defense lawyer Ed Chernoff estimated the cost to be about $ 40 million , leaving him "  a very , very poor man , " but it was not while the jury was present . Concert director Kenny Ortega sent Phillips an e-mail five days before Jackson 's death referring to Jackson 's fear the company would "  pull the plug " on the tour . The e-mail triggered a meeting with Jackson and Dr. Murray to address Ortega 's concerns about Jackson 's "  lack of focus " and missed rehearsals , with the debut of his London shows just three weeks away . He and Ortega were satisfied when Jackson told them "  You build the house and I will put on the door and paint it , " suggesting he would be ready , Phillips testified . Also at the meeting , Phillips told Dr. Murray that he wanted to make sure he knew about Jackson 's visits to another doctor , dermatologist Dr. Arnold Klein . "  Because he 's his principal physician , I thought he should know , " he said . Phillips said he was concerned because Jackson "  seemed a little distracted and not focused " in a meeting after a visit to Klein 's Beverly Hills clinic . The defense contends Jackson became addicted to the painkiller Demerol in his frequent visits to Klein in the three months before his death . His withdrawal from the Demerol , which Murray was unaware of , would explain why Jackson could not sleep the day he died , the defense contends . Testimony from nurse Cherilyn Lee 's was interrupted for 25 minutes Tuesday as she was overcome with emotion . "  I 'm feeling really , really dizzy , " Lee said . "  This is just very sensitive to me . " Lee and a Los Angeles doctor , both called as defense witnesses , testified that Jackson asked them for drugs to help him sleep in April 2009 . This was after Dr. Murray had already agreed to work as his personal physician and placed his first orders for propofol . Lee , who used IV drips loaded with vitamins , "  sophisticated " vitamin smoothies and bedtime teas , to treat Jackson 's insomnia , said Jackson became frustrated with her natural remedies . "  He said ` I 'm telling you the only thing that 's going to help me sleep right away is the Diprivan and can you find someone to help me to sleep ? ' " Lee said . Diprivan is a brand name for propofol . After some quick research , the nurse warned Jackson that it was dangerous to use propofol at home , Lee testified . Jackson was not deterred , she said , even after she asked him "  but what if you do n't wake up ? " Deputy District Attorney David Walgren asked her , "  And he responded , ' I will be OK , I only need someone to monitor me with the equipment while I sleep ' ? " "  Yes , that 's exactly what I said , " Lee said . Dr. Allan Metzger , who treated Jackson off and on for two decades for "  his profound sleep disorder , " testified Monday that Jackson called him to his home on April 18 , 2009 , to ask for "  intravenous sleep medicine " to help him sleep . Jackson wanted the anesthetic delivered by IV because "  he did not believe any oral medicine would be helpful , " Dr. Metzger said . Metzger declined Jackson 's request , instead giving him prescriptions for two oral sedatives to help him sleep .	NEW : Jackson would 've had to pay production , rehearsal costs if tour was canceled , promoter says Jackson told nurse that doctors assured him propofol in the home was safe , witness says "  I only need someone to monitor me with the equipment while I sleep " Jackson told nurse Jackson mom Katherine , sisters Janet and La Toya , and brother Randy Jackson attend court Tuesday
CNN  -- Normally , you might think that a controversy over whether the Kennedy Center , one of the nation 's leading performing arts organizations , is overlooking the contributions of Latino artists , actors and musicians would be a real sleeper . Until you heard that , during a recent telephone conversation between one lover of the arts and another , one claims the other told him to "  F -- yourself . " Ok , gentlemen , you have my attention . It all happened very quickly . On Sept. 14 , Felix Sanchez , chairman of the National Hispanic Foundation for the Arts , and Michael M. Kaiser , president of the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts talked . In multiple media reports , Sanchez said that Kaiser took none too kindly to him expressing his concern over the constant omission of Latinos from the annual list of Kennedy Center Honors recipients . Since 1978 , the Kennedy Center has chosen only two Hispanics among more than 170 honorees : Spanish tenor Placido Domingo and U.S.-born performer Chita Rivera , who is of Puerto Rican descent . Both these breakthroughs happened during Michael Kaiser 's tenure , which has lasted nearly 12 years . In 2012 , Latinos are nearly ubiquitous . You 'll find them in corporate America , professional sports , music , entertainment , politics and the media . At 50 million people , America 's largest minority is everywhere . Except , for some reason , on the annual list of Kennedy Center Honorees . Opinion : Why Latinos are key in election What accounts for the discrepancy ? It is a familiar story . In fact , it has become something of an annual tradition , like Cinco de Mayo and Day of the Dead , that , when the list of Kennedy Center Honorees is announced each year , there wo n't be a single Latino name on it . And this tradition of omission continued this year when the 2012 honorees were announced . The seven artists set to receive the honor are actor Dustin Hoffman , musician George "  Buddy " Guy , late night TV host David Letterman , ballerina Natalia Makarova and John Paul Jones , Jimmy Page and Robert Plant , all of rock band Led Zepellin . Sanchez has had enough . As a Latino who loves the arts and believes that his community has contributed mightily to it , he is raising a ruckus . It 's the American thing to do . When we see something that is n't right , we speak up . We protest . We boycott . We raise hell until our concerns are addressed , and the wrong is made right . That 's what Sanchez is doing . I commend him for it . While Kaiser refused to share with reporters the exact words he used , he did admit to the Washington Post that he used "  strong language " during the call . He claimed it was because he thought he was being labeled a bigot . "  I 've spent much of the last 20 years working with organizations of color in this country , African American , Latino , Asian American , Native American , " he told the Post . "  This is a real part of who I am , and so when someone insinuates that I am a racist , it gets me extremely upset . " Still , Kaiser said , he regretted his choice of words . Sanchez says the whole racism thing is a dodge , and that he never insinuated any such thing . "  That was his interpretation , " he told POLITICO . "  The issue I presented was : how can you continue to exclude Latinos from the Kennedy Center Honors ... He took that to mean I was calling him a racist . " Sanchez suggests that what really set off Kaiser was being challenged and questioned . What if Sanchez did mean to imply that ? So what ? Kaiser would still be out of line . If he does n't like being challenged or questioned , he should go into another line of work , one further removed from the public . According to Sanchez , the Kennedy Center receives tens of millions in operating funds every year , paid for by public tax dollars . And its ex officio board members include the first lady . This is not a private enterprise . Two weeks after the phone call , Kaiser finally did something he should have done much earlier . He sent a written apology to Sanchez for the call and the "  unfortunate choice of words " he used "  in frustration . " In America : It 's immigration , stupid , say Latino voters in Nevada Amazing . With Kaiser , everything comes with a qualifier . He was frustrated ? That implies that there was something that Sanchez did wrong to frustrate him . If he thinks he 's frustrated , imagine how frustrated Latinos are to constantly have their achievements , talent , and contributions ignored by cultural elitists who think only in terms of black and white . Kaiser owes all Latinos a symbolic apology , and he can express that by showing that he understands what Sanchez was upset about in the first place and proving that he is committed to addressing this disgraceful pattern of omission . Sanchez is scheduled to meet with Kennedy Center chairman David Rubenstein soon to discuss his concerns , which are shared by as many as 30 Hispanic organizations who have signed onto the cause . If Latinos do n't get satisfaction , and more importantly some respect , we should turn the TV channel and not watch the broadcast of the Kennedy Center Honors on December 2 and not buy the products of any advertiser that sponsors the show . It 's time to take the gloves off . This tempest will probably run its course , but the underlying problem remains . The Kennedy Center needs new leadership . The people at the top need to be let go and replaced with folks who have not just an appreciation for the arts but a firm grasp of the country they 're living in -- and the century . Join us on Facebook/CNNOpinion The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	Since 1978 , the Kennedy Center has honored only two Hispanics Ruben Navarrette : Center overlooks contributions of Latino artists , performers He says America 's largest minority is everywhere except on the Center 's annual list Navarrette : Kennedy Center needs new leaders who understand our century
CNN  -- If you 've been hearing the spin , the only reason to watch the inevitable train wreck of the upcoming debates would be to see just how inept both President Barack Obama and Mitt Romney are at debating . And that spin is self-criticism . Their own campaigns would have us believe that these two candidates ca n't piece together a complete sentence between the two of them . But I 'm here to tell you : It ai n't so . These are two of the better presidential debaters we 've witnessed , and I 'm anticipating excellent debates . If you have n't watched Obama , I can assure you that he more than held his own four years ago in the debates against John McCain . And if you have n't seen Romney , then take my word for it . He debated poorly in only two of his  almost 20  debates this past year . His game is consistently solid . Opinion : The mistakes candidates make in debates Romney 's strengths : -- Smooth . He 's a real smooth smoothie . He can answer questions and present his arguments and make it look like child 's play . After all , Romney bested Newt Gingrich , Ron Paul , the Ricks  Santorum and Perry , although Perry is no Michael Phelps of debating  and the rest of the Republican candidates . If Romney could get through that minefield , he should be ready for Obama . -- Knowledgeable . There were simply no debates where I thought Romney did n't have a firm grasp of the issue being debated at the time . He knows his stuff . Do n't expect him falling prey to any gotcha moments . -- Excellent front lines . His first lines of answers and opinions on every subject were outstanding . He 'll be prepared . Count on it . -- Backward-step-pivot-forward . Romney is masterful at this . He defends his position well  backward-step  , but then takes a potential weakness and turns it into a strength  pivot-forward  . A great historical example demonstrating this technique was from Ronald Reagan . When people were worried about him becoming president at his advanced age , he famously stated in a debate against Walter Mondale that , "  I will not make age an issue of this campaign . I am not going to exploit , for political purposes , my opponent 's youth and inexperience . " Yeah , The Gipper understood the pivot-forward , and so does Romney . Opinion : When candidates said ` no ' to debates Obama 's strengths : -- Detachment . It 's one quality that made him seem so presidential in the debates four years back . Obama did n't take it personally when his policy ideas were attacked , and this helped build him convey strong character . -- Presence . He never let McCain rattle him . He came across , in every debate , as presidential . And poll after poll demonstrates the importance of poise in these debates . By the way , that includes when your opponent is speaking . Remaining in control of verbal and nonverbal communication at all times was a big strength of Obama 's four years ago . He exuded a presidential quality . Opinion : How Obama can win the debate -- Focus and crystallize . My old debate coach always taught me to crystallize and go back to the major premise . Obama was excellent in the McCain debates because he kept the focus on the economy . It might not be the economy this time , but Obama will find his issue to highlight and stick to it . -- Reasoning . Whatever he lacked in the McCain debates from experience , he made up for in sound arguments . In all the debates from four years ago , neither Obama nor McCain  nor Joe Biden for that matter -- did I leave anyone out ?  came across as unfit intellectually to become president . While I expect a good performance from both candidates , they 've not been mistake free in previous debates . Romney 's weaknesses : -- Smooth . He 's a real smooth smoothie . Wait , what ? Yeah , I said it was a strength , but it 's also one of his biggest flaws . Ever heard the phrase "  Slick Mitt ? " Sometimes Romney comes across too polished . Almost fake . Watch for him to do two things that drive me crazy . The first is his awkward smile he projects at the end of his answers  or during his opponent 's speeches  . The second is when he says "  thank you " at the end of his answers . He misunderstands the format . He 'll be all heated , telling us why  Obama in this case  is a poor president , and then he 'll end with "  thank you . " Huh ? I thought you were angry until you blurted out "  thank you . " To me , this demonstrates insincerity . He 's not answering the question , or debating his opponent . Instead , he 's practicing his speeches . It 's professional and polished , yes . But that 's precisely what makes it impersonal and inappropriate for a debating format . I 'm all for good manners , but in this case , "  thank you " is noticeably out of place . Say it only at the end of the debate , after your closing argument . Opinion : Debate is Romney 's chance to rally -- Debating from behind in the polls . When trailing in the polls , it 's imperative to put your opponent on the defensive . Romney waited until Florida to do this in the Republican debates when he should have done it sooner . He was debating "  not to lose , " but that 's only an effective strategy for the front-runner . -- Extensions/second line of defense . This might have been Romney 's greatest weakness . When pressed beyond his original answers on many topics , he simply could n't defend himself effectively . iReport : 10 questions you would ask at the presidential debate Obama 's weaknesses : -- Detachment . Wait , what ? Tricked you again . But it 's true . Obama sometimes appears dispassionate in debates . And with our economy still recovering , this lack of passion may distance him from the audience . -- Slow , stuttering approach . I 'll admit that four years ago , I had n't heard Obama speak in any debates . And his speech in general was quite awkward -- containing so many pauses that I thought I was back in time , sitting on the divan listening to my grandfather slowly spin his yarns while the phonograph quietly played in the background . I did n't like his speaking style then ,  Obama 's , not grandpa 's  and I have n't changed my mind over the past four years . While these canyon-sized pauses might assist in conveying a thoughtful approach , they often give the opposite signal ... that he does n't know what he wants to say next . Obama 's slow , stuttering speech does n't showcase well in debates . -- Long-winded answers . Obama never mastered sound bites and clips . Unfortunately , these debates have the tendency to be nothing but a series of sound bites , and that does n't play to the president 's hand . His extended answers sound like lectures . And nobody likes to be lectured , especially in a long-winded fashion . Enjoy the debates . And oh , I almost forgot . "  Thank you . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Todd Graham .	Todd Graham : Campaigns are spinning but know that Romney , Obama are good debaters On Romney 's strengths : He 's smooth , knowledgeable , good at pivoting from questions On Obama 's strengths : Stays cool , strong presence , good focus and reasoning Graham : Both have weaknesses that are flip sides of strengths ; expect a good debate
For a city of its size , Copenhagen has a remarkable range of shops that ooze class and individuality . The Georg Jensen store has some exquisite silver jewelry . The city 's main shopping hub is Strøget , a collection of pedestrianized streets that lead from Rådhuspladsen to Kongens Nytorv ; you can easily spend hours , and a small fortune , browsing its boutiques and chain stores . Do n't miss Illums Bolighus  Amagertorv 10  , with its four floors of contemporary Scandinavian design . Once you 've got a taste for stylish home accessories , make your way to Normann Copenhagen  Strandboulevarden 98  or Hay Cph  Pilestraede 29-31  for a masterclass in simplicity and elegance . When you 've finished kitting out the house you might want to work on your wardrobe . Kronprinsensgade is full of hip boutiques , among them Bruuns Bazaar  Kronprinsensgade 8-9  , with its collection from the ever-so-trendy , and suitably pricey , Bruuns label . Nearby , Designers Remix  Pilestraede 8  offers sophisticated styles for women , while Könrøg  Hyskenstræde 11  has cutting-edge fashions from a collective of Danish designers . For something more traditional , but no less beautiful , head to the Georg Jensen store in Amagertorv , for silverware that ranges from intricate jewelry to timeless tableware . If that 's not exclusive enough for you , Peter Hertz in Købmagergade is jeweler to Danish royalty . Pick up something for the kids at Aniel  Frederiksberg Allé 70  , which has too-cute baby grows , children 's clothes and wooden toys made from organic and natural materials . Frydendahl  Store Regnegade 1  has some unusual hand-knitted toys among the selection of homeware strewn along the pavement outside . If your eyes are bigger than your wallet , then you might be interested in the flea market held on Saturdays in Israels Plads , where high-street stores are said to unload the goodies they ca n't sell in their shops . If it 's raining you might prefer Det Blå Pakhus  113 Holmbladsgade  , the city 's biggest indoor flea market and a treasure trove of bargains begging to be hunted . ... . Copenhagen city guide : Where to stay | What to see | Where to be seen | Where to eat | Where to shop ... . Do you agree with our Copenhagen picks ? Send us your comments and suggestions in the "  Sound Off " box below and we 'll print the best .	Strøget , a collection of pedestrianized streets , is the city 's shopping hub Illums Bolighus has four floors of modern Scandinavian design Bruuns Bazaar sells clothing from the popular and stylish Bruuns label Det Blå Pakhus is an indoor flea market and has some great bargains
CNN  -- There have been no reports of major damage or injuries in the wake of a magnitude 6.8 earthquake in Chile , according to the country 's leader . President Sebastián Piñera told TV Chile that the quake was felt from Valparaíso , north of Santiago , to the lake region in the south . He also said it was probably an aftershock of a massive and deadly temblor that rocked the region in February 2010 . Piñera arrived in Santiago to assess the situation a little over an hour after Friday 's earthquake occurred . It struck in the early afternoon off the coast of central Chile , according to the U.S. Geological Survey , with the Earth rupturing at a depth of 17.4 miles  28 kilometers  under the sea off the Biobío region . The epicenter was 30 miles  45 kilometers  north of Concepción , the regional capital and the second-largest city in Chile . Hundreds died there after a magnitude 8.8 earthquake rocked the city February 27 , 2010 . Residents of coastal towns near Concepción self-evacuated , according to an Interior Ministry official . "  This was done as a precaution , " Rodrigo Ubilla told TV Chile . "  We are calm and assured that there was no major damage . " Images from Concepción showed hundreds of people crying in the streets after fleeing office buildings and high-rise apartments . The city is still rebuilding from last year 's quake . There has been at least one strong aftershock from Friday 's earthquake . The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center never believed that a tsunami would affect any coastal regions , according to a statement released shortly after the quake . No tsunami watches or warnings were issued . CNN 's Brian Byrnes contributed to this report .	NEW : Chilean President Sebastián Piñera says no major injuries reported NEW : Images from TV Chile show residents of Concepción crying in the streets A magnitude 6.8 earthquake rattled the central coastal region of Chile It struck near the epicenter of last year 's deadly quake in Concepción
Mashable  -- Windows 8 wo n't be ready for consumers until fall , but that 's not stopping hardware makers from fighting to be first in line to build hardware for Microsoft 's new operating system . Lenovo is planning to be the "  first to market " with a Windows 8 tablet , The Verge reports . Citing a "  source , " the report says Lenovo is planning to be ready to ship the device in October and that it will have an Intel chip , so it clearly wo n't be a Windows-on-ARM device . Other than that , there are n't any details on exactly what the machine will be , although given those basic criteria  tablet , Intel , Windows 8  , there 's at least one suspect : the IdeaPad Yoga . Lenovo showed off the Yoga at CES earlier this year , and it got a lot of attention due to its unusual form factor : a laptop with a keyboard that folds over completely to transform it into a tablet . Mashable : How windows 8 tablets could challenge the ipod Michael Dell had also said publicly that Dell would offer a tablet when Windows 8 launches , and Nokia recently confirmed months of speculation that it was working on a tablet as well . There have also been reports that HP and Asus are working on Windows 8 tablets as well . A key differentiator among Windows 8 tablets will be whether they 're based on a traditional PC chip or one that uses the ARM architecture . While the new version of Windows has been engineered to be near-identical on both , ARM-based Windows devices are going to be "  end-to-end " devices  meaning Windows would come fully integrated  and have a few special features , like an ultra-low-power mode . However , most legacy apps wo n't work on them . Are you interested in Windows 8 tablets ? What would you like to see in them ? Let us know in the comments . See the original article on Mashable © 2011 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	A report says Lenovo is planning to be ready to ship the device in October There are reports that Dell , HP and Asus are working on offering Windows 8 tablets A key differentiator will be based on a traditional PC chip or one that uses the ARM architecture
SILVER SPRING , Maryland  CNN  -- As Marilyn Seitz helps customers find just the right size , she wonders how much longer before she 's forced to close her doors . Maryland thrift store manager Marilyn Seitz says the new rules have the potential to put the store out of business . The Pennyworth Thrift Store in Silver Spring , Maryland , is n't suffering from the struggling economy . Secondhand stores across the country are more in demand than ever as many people are desperate to save money . Instead , Seitz is worried her business may become an unintended casualty of an attempt to protect children . After a wave of highly publicized tainted-toy recalls last year , Congress passed the Consumer Product Safety Improvement Act . Then-President George Bush signed the bill in August , and new federal restrictions on lead and other harmful substances take effect Tuesday . The new rules ban lead content beyond minute levels of 600 parts per million in any product for children 12 and younger . The law not only makes it illegal to manufacture lead-laced products , but it also makes it illegal to sell them no matter when the products were made -- and stores found breaking the law could face fines of up to $ 100,000 per violation . "  It would just be virtually impossible for me to feel safe that my toys meet the guidelines , " Seitz said . "  I feel confident that these are safe toys , but anything carries a risk . Since I can be held criminally and financially responsible if I sell a toy that is on the recall list or a toy that tests for lead , I just have to wipe out all my toys . " Watch why thrift stores fear new rules will force them out of business " Now Seitz is going to throw away or give away her entire inventory of children 's items , fearing this latest attempt at protecting kids will force the Pennyworth Thrift Store and thousands of others out of business . The ban also applies to children 's clothes and books . The National Association of Resale and Thrift Shops say tens of thousands of secondhand stores across the country are at risk . Adele Meyer , the association 's executive director , said some owners are preparing to shutter their stores out of fear . "  This has gotten so serious , and it is so frightening , because we serve consumers that sometimes have no other way to clothe their children , " Meyer said . "  It was a law that was well-intentioned that has unintended consequences , that is hurting the manufacturing industry , the retailers , and the secondary market . " The Consumer Product Safety Commission , the government agency tasked with implementing the sweeping law , seems to agree . CPSC spokesman Joe Martyak acknowledges the new rules are complex and confusing . "  With the economy the way it is right now , we all are concerned about safety , but we do n't want to unnecessarily be impacting jobs and businesses , " Martyak said . He said the CPSC is trying to set guidelines to help manufacturers , retailers and thrift stores better understand what is safe and what is not . "  What we 've been trying to do is to point out categories that we feel and our scientists feel that are safe , that really are almost practically lead-free , " Martyak said . "  We have no reason to believe that there 's a risk involved with them . " Those categories include products made of certain natural materials , such as wood , cotton or wool ; ordinary children 's books printed after 1985 ; dyed or undyed textiles , not including leather , vinyl or PVC ; and non-metallic thread and trim used in children 's apparel and other fabric products , such as baby blankets . However , Martyak says even these guidelines cause confusion . "  If you have a pair of pants that has two buttons , a zipper , and an applique on it , we can say our understanding is the fabric itself does n't have lead and you 're OK , " he said . "  But as far as those other pieces that are on the pants , that 's where the problem is , because you 'd have to have that tested or know some other way that it 's not over the lead limit . " The CPSC is allowing manufacturers an extra year to comply with the product-testing requirements , but it ca n't offer a reprieve for selling restricted products under the new rules . Congress has the sole power to change the implementation timeline set in the law . Martyak said the agency has tried to win some "  breathing space " from Congress "  to make whatever tweaks are necessary , keeping safety in mind ... but get to it in a little bit more reasonable , a sane way , because right now we 're headed for a lot of chaos in the economy because of this , unfortunately . " That is what has Marilyn Seitz scratching her head . "  No one wants to do anything to hurt children , " she said . "  But you 've got to stop it at the level of entry . You ca n't stop it when it 's all over like this . "	Thrift stores worry new lead rules will force them to toss kids ' inventory , shut doors New rules -- in effect Tuesday -- apply to toys , children 's clothes and books CPSC says its trying to help stores understand what is safe CPSC spokesman : "  We 're headed for a lot of chaos in the economy because of this "
CNN  -- Cristiano Ronaldo scored twice as champions Real Madrid secured their first win of the La Liga season with a 3-0 defeat of Granada in the Santiago Bernabeu Sunday . The Portuguese star was making it 150 goals in just 149 games for the Madrid giants , but he limped off in the second half after a hefty challenge which saw Borja Gomez sent off for a second yellow card . Real beat Barcelona to win the Spain Super Cup in midweek , but had taken a single point from their opening two league games . Despite prompting from new signing Luka Modric from Tottenham , Real were uninspired in the opening half and Ronaldo owed his opener to a mistake by Antonio ` Tono ' Rodriguez in the Granada goal as a shot from an acute angle squeezed through his legs on 25 minutes . Real improved after the break and substitute Angel Di Maria set up Ronaldo for his second , his initial shot saved by Tono before knocking in the rebound . Gonzalo Higuain , who came on for Ronaldo , scored the third after good work by Karim Benzema . In the late evening kick off , Barcelona saw off Valencia 1-0 in the Camp Nou for their third straight win . A blistering shot from Adriano put Barca ahead after 23 minutes of the first half , but they were unable to press home their advantage , with Cesc Fabregas wasting a great chance after being put through . They had to survive some nervous moments in the last few minutes as home goalkeeper Victor Valdes was called into action . In other matches Sunday , Rayo Vallecano drew 0-0 with Sevilla and Athletic Bilbao saw off Valladolid 2-0 . Levante came from behind to beat Espanyol 3-2 with an injury time winner .	Real Madrid beat Granada 3-0 in Santiago Bernabeu Cristiano Ronaldo double before limping off in second half First league win of the Spanish season for the champions Barcelona edge Valencia 1-0 in the Camp Nou to stay top
CNN  -- Sophisticated fun commands the style scene in Boston and just a stroll down Newbury Street can inspire anyone to dress their best . The fashionable streets were encouragement enough for Martini Severin to begin her style blog , BeyondBostonChic.com , and Severin remains pleasantly surprised by the looks she captures daily . "  The camera in a lot of ways is a passport to getting to know people , " Severin said . "  I chat with them , learn more about what motivates them sartorially and how they put what they 're wearing together . There is no better way to get to know a city than through its residents . The blog has been successful because it 's easy to talk to people and hear what it is about this town that makes them sing . " After admiring the stylish residents of Boston for three years , Severin was appalled to learn that GQ 's latest poll called it the "  worst dressed city in America . " Severin believes the classy looks with trendy intimations build a sophisticated look for the city and its neighborhoods . "  It 's casual sophistication , " Severin said . "  It 's not as high fashion as what you would see in other cities . So it 's practical -- but practical with whimsy . " Below , Severin details the diverse elements of Boston street style . CNN : Describe what you see on Boston 's streets ? Severin : Style here is really chic , sophisticated and very diverse . People have flair , but in a very different way than any other major city . It 's about the little , little details that really amount to a tableau that is just seamless . It 's wonderful to see how the city changes with each season . I was walking the other day and it was like , "  Wow , everyone looks so good -- what do I shoot ? " The exuberance for style is here in the city and it 's alive . Double the style in the Twin Cities CNN : How do residents remain sartorial in the winter ? Severin : It 's beautiful in the spring , summer , fall , but in the winter , it 's not unlikely that we 'll have 17 feet of snow lying on the city . I find that it becomes really difficult to keep your zeal and dress well when you have to put on layers upon layers of clothes . If you need to keep warm , you have to have a fabulous coat . People will have coats that are flower print , plaid , the most beautiful white mohair , and even wear capes . They 're really resourceful in finding a coat that will speak to their personality and sense of style . You spend so much of your time in your winter coat , you always want to find something that says a little bit of something about yourself . Dressing up in Dallas CNN : What trends are you seeing in Boston right now ? Severin : You 'll see people wearing scarves with polka dots or plaid . We are wholeheartedly loving stripes here in Boston , so everyone is wearing nautical stripes . We 're also sun lovers like any other city , so the sandals you see on the street are fabulous -- the strappier the better . CNN : Is there a local designer scene in Boston ? Where are people shopping ? Severin : There 's a movement to shop local in Boston . We have a lot of little boutiques . Newbury Street is our equivalent of Fifth Avenue or Rodeo Drive . I personally love the smaller stores . I go and they know who I am . It 's the kind of city where it 's big but it 's also small where you can form relationships . Several boutiques are quite popular . Mint Julep -- they sell the prettiest dresses . Then there 's a boutique downtown called Flock . It 's a mother and daughter team and they personally chose each of the pieces that are in the store . They work with very small , unknown designers and bring their merchandise to Boston to introduce it to a greater audience . There is also a shop , largely for men , called Uniform , that is very nice . There is also quite a vintage culture here in Boston . One store , Bobby From Boston , was started by this man that collects vintage clothing and film wardrobe designers frequent his store and warehouse . It 's a privilege to be invited to his warehouse and shop from there . Colorful layers of style on Chicago 's streets CNN : What 's coming up for the Boston scene ? Severin : Starting September 19 , I have an exhibit that 's really a great way to say "  Ha ! " to GQ . It 's showcasing about 60 of the photos that I 've taken through the three years that I 've been running the blog and basically , it 's the best of Boston and the surrounding areas : Cambridge , Jamaica Plain , Dorchester , Somerville . I feel like it 's going to be a really good show in terms of what we have to offer . That coincides with Boston Fashion Week as well , which starts September 23 . I feel like the winds are changing in Boston . There are a lot more people who are focused on style here than there used to be . Everyone is doing their part to let the world know , "  We dress well ... and we know it . " Get smart : Portland street style	Boston street style combines fun looks with a classic , timeless sophistication Martini Severin showcases these fashions on her style blog , BeyondBostonChic.com Seasons and trends change in Boston , but their practical yet whimsical look remains true
Washington  CNN  -- When Chris Christie praises President Barack Obama as "  outstanding " and "  incredibly supportive , " you know something extraordinary has occurred . Obama updated on Sandy ; praised by Christie In this case , it was once-in-a-lifetime Superstorm Sandy , which caused the outspoken Republican governor of New Jersey to declare a state of emergency and seek federal help for widespread devastation . Interviewed Tuesday on NBC , Christie described Obama 's response as "  outstanding , " and he told CNN that the president had been "  incredibly supportive and helpful to our state . " "  This is much more important than any election , " Christie told CNN 's "  Piers Morgan Tonight . " Obama has "  been outstanding to deal with on this and I look forward to seeing him tomorrow so he can see for himself what this hurricane has done to my state , " Christie said Tuesday night . Such effusive praise from a frequent Obama critic and strong supporter of Republican presidential challenger Mitt Romney put the campaign magnifying glass on a key election issue -- the role of the federal government -- a week before the November 6 vote . Photos : Aftermath of Superstorm Sandy It also focused attention on how Romney would handle such a disaster if he were to defeat Obama in what is expected to be a very close election . On Tuesday , the GOP candidate showed little inclination to address the matter . At a campaign event changed to a storm relief effort in Ohio , Romney ignored shouted questions by reporters on whether he supported the Federal Emergency Management Agency 's role in disaster relief . Instead , he focused his remarks to supporters who donated relief supplies for storm victims on how such efforts contribute to meeting the overall need . "  We wo n't be able to solve all the problems with our effort this morning , " Romney said , adding "  one of the things you learn in life is you make the difference you can , and you ca n't always solve all the problems yourself . " Romney on storm aftermath : ` People are hurting ' Democratic critics of Romney and his running mate -- conservative House Budget Chairman Paul Ryan of Wisconsin -- argue their proposals to cut government spending and provide broad tax cuts without generating more government revenue will end up harming the economy and increasing the federal deficit . Photos : New York recovers from Sandy In particular , the Obama campaign challenges Romney 's contention that increased economic growth from the tax cuts combined with shifting current federal responsibilities to states , the private sector and humanitarian agencies and charities can balance the budget . Last year , Romney argued at a Republican presidential debate in New Hampshire that cutting federal spending should be based on prioritizing what is absolutely necessary and shedding the rest . Asked by moderator John King of CNN if disaster relief efforts should be turned over to states , Romney said that "  every time you have an occasion to take something from the federal government and send it back to the states , that 's the right direction . And if you can go even further and send it back to the private sector , that 's even better . " "  Instead of thinking in the federal budget , what we should cut -- we should ask ourselves the opposite question . What should we keep ? " Romney added . "  We should take all of what we 're doing at the federal level and say , what are the things we 're doing that we do n't have to do ? And those things we 've got to stop doing , because we 're borrowing $ 1.6 trillion more this year than we 're taking in . " King cut in to ask if Romney was referring specifically to disaster relief , a topic in the news at the time following a deadly Joplin , Missouri , tornado , and Romney continued : "  We can not afford to do those things without jeopardizing the future for our kids . It is simply immoral , in my view , for us to continue to rack up larger and larger debts and pass them on to our kids , knowing full well that we 'll all be dead and gone before it 's paid off . It makes no sense at all . " Romney : States should handle emergency management With then-Hurricane Sandy bearing down on the East Coast on Monday , Romney 's debate comments from 16 months earlier became a topic of political discussion , and the Romney campaign issued a statement in response . Sandy reminds us of climate change and other forgotten campaign issues "  Gov. Romney believes that states should be in charge of emergency management in responding to storms and other natural disasters in their jurisdictions , " said the statement by spokeswoman Amanda Henneberg . "  As the first responders , states are in the best position to aid affected individuals and communities , and to direct resources and assistance to where they are needed most . This includes help from the federal government and FEMA . " Henneberg added another sentence to the statement Tuesday , saying that "  a Romney-Ryan administration will always ensure that disaster funding is there for those in need . Period . " Opinion : Sandy shows why we need FEMA Craig Fugate , administrator of the emergency management agency , told reporters Tuesday that the agency had $ 3.6 billion remaining in its disaster relief fund . The agency works with state and local authorities as well as the American Red Cross and other agencies to help disaster victims rent temporary housing , repair their homes , get loans to cover small business and farm losses , as well as assisting in cleaning up storm debris including hazardous materials . Vice President Joe Biden , meanwhile , said Tuesday that the federal response to Sandy was "  working like it 's supposed to , " and he highlighted to reporters in Ohio what he described as unprecedented cooperation between city , state and federal authorities and agencies . A White House statement also emphasized such cooperation , noting Obama spoke by phone with a host of Republican and Democratic governors and mayors from states affected by the storm . Sandy 's impact : State by state Romney has made political dysfunction in Washington a target of his campaign , blaming Obama for what he calls failed leadership in being unable to forge a deficit reduction deal with Republicans . Democrats blame Republicans for what they contend has been an unwillingness to compromise , and the focus on cooperation Tuesday by Obama and Biden appeared to be aimed in part at demonstrating the administration 's ability to get things done . The question of the size and scope of the federal government is at the heart of both campaigns . Obama and Democrats argue that entitlement programs such as Social Security , Medicare and Medicaid are vital to the social contract to provide contributing citizens with basic needs , and that government also has a role to play in education and technological development while providing services such as national defense and disaster relief . Opinion : Sandy debunks ` nanny state ' Republicans , driven by the party 's conservative wing , call for immediate steps to erase the chronic budget deficits and mounting federal debt that they say imperil national security and stability . They want to shrink the size of government and reduce taxes while reforming entitlements by partial privatization , reducing and delaying some benefits and other steps . Sensitive issues such as disaster relief generally play to the advantage of Democrats and their support for government benefits , especially in a time of crisis when images of suffering victims dominate the airwaves . Superstorm Sandy breaks records Obama has avoided any direct political talk in recent days as the huge storm approached the Eastern seaboard , canceling campaign events and focusing his attention on the administration 's response . In statements Monday and Tuesday on the storm and its aftermath , he emphasized the need for a collective response while also making sure to point out the federal role in relief efforts . "  We 've been able to get over 1,000 FEMA officials in place , pre-positioned , " the president said . "  We 've been able to get supplies , food , medicine , water , emergency generators , to ensure that hospitals and law enforcement offices are able to stay up and running as they are out there responding . " He also sounded a main campaign theme by ensuring those hit hardest by the storm that his administration and the entire nation were with them . "  This is a tough time for millions of folks across the Eastern seaboard , but America is tougher and we are tougher because we pull together , we do n't leave anybody behind , we make sure that we respond as a nation , " Obama said . Obama visits Red Cross : ` Storm is not yet over ' At about the same time he spoke , the White House announced that Obama will travel to New Jersey on Wednesday "  where he will join Gov. Christie in viewing the storm damage , talking with citizens who are recovering from the storm and thanking first responders who put their lives at risk to protect their communities . " While the president and one of Romney 's top supporters will be photographed together responding to disaster , Romney is scheduled to be in Florida for three campaign events . How to help after the superstorm CNN 's Rachel Streitfeld , Kevin Liptak , Tom Watkins and Mike M. Ahlers contributed to this report .	Mitt Romney surrogate Chris Christie praises President Barack Obama 's response to Sandy The superstorm focuses attention on the role of government in disaster relief Romney advocates a state-led approach , but his campaign promises enough funding Obama emphasizes federal , state and local cooperation
CNN  -- During a recent commencement address at Hampton University in Virginia , Barack Obama described the way today 's internet-powered media environment "  bombards us with all kinds of content . " He warned students that iPads , Xboxes , and other popular digital gadgets can turn information into "  a distraction , a diversion , a form of entertainment " rather than a means "  of empowerment . " As soon as the president 's remarks were made public , knees began jerking throughout the blogosphere . One online pundit said that Obama sounded "  like a grumpy old man . " Another suggested that in criticizing technology he was acting like an "  old fogy . " Even the normally restrained Economist magazine rushed out an editorial accusing Obama of "  technophobia " and "  Luddism . " By the reaction , you would have thought our BlackBerry-toting president had called for a return to horse-drawn carriages , outhouses , and whalebone corsets . Instead of drawing ridicule , Obama 's words should have drawn our attention -- and our concern . Over the past decade , most of us have been dramatically ratcheting up the time we spend surfing the web , exchanging electronic messages , and hanging out in social networks like Facebook and MySpace . At the same time , we 've been showering our kids with laptops , iPods , PlayStations and smartphones . The average American today spends more than eight hours a day peering into a screen -- TV , computer , or cell phone -- and the average teen sends or receives well over 2,000 text messages a month . But even as we 've been enjoying the seemingly endless bounties of the net , neurobiologists and psychologists have been carrying out studies which suggest that the way we gather information online impedes comprehension , weakens understanding , and in general hinders learning . Worse yet , the ill effects of heavy web use appear to continue to afflict us even when we turn our computers off . The cognitive penalties can be particularly severe for students . In one revealing experiment , researchers at Cornell University divided a class into two groups . One group was allowed to use their laptop computers to surf the web during a lecture . The other group attended the same lecture but had to keep their computers closed . Immediately afterward , the students took a test measuring how well they remembered the lecture 's content . The students who used their laptops performed significantly worse on the exam . It did n't matter , moreover , whether they surfed sites related to the subject of the lecture or unrelated sites . All the surfers performed relatively poorly . Other researchers have found that students who read text with hyperlinks , as you routinely find online , end up with a weaker understanding of the material than students who read the same text in a traditional , linear format , as you 'd find in a printed book . Each link appears to act as a little distraction , breaking the reader 's concentration . As the number of links mounts , comprehension diminishes further . The multitude of messages and other bits of information that the Web fires at us , from emails to tweets to Facebook updates , have also been found to interrupt our thoughts in a way that impedes the formation of memories and the building of knowledge . The more information we juggle , the less able we are to make sense of it all . Last year , a team of Stanford researchers reported that heavy media multitaskers have trouble concentrating even when they 're not online . They 're considerably less able , for example , to distinguish important information from trivial information than are people who engage in multitasking less frequently . "  Everything distracts them , " one of the researchers said of the heavy multitaskers . Patricia Greenfield , a leading developmental psychologist who teaches at UCLA , warned in a 2009 Science article that a growing body of scientific evidence indicates that spending a lot of time with computers , smartphones , and other such devices weakens people 's ability to think deeply , critically , and creatively . As we rush around the web gathering little pieces of information , we seem to be training our brains to be quick but superficial . Only a curmudgeon would deny the many benefits that our computers and electronic networks have brought us . The internet and related technologies have made it much easier to stay in touch with friends and family members , to discover interesting and useful information , to express ourselves , and to collaborate with others . Since the World Wide Web was invented two decades ago , we have been celebrating these benefits -- and rightly so . But we 've been paying much less attention to the negative consequences of our online lives . The time has come for us to take a more balanced view of the net , looking at its costs as well as its benefits . That 's particularly true when it comes to educating our children . Sticking a kid in front of a computer screen is probably not the best way encourage the development of a strong , creative , and supple mind . As President Obama implied , information should be a source not of distraction but of enlightenment . As important as it is to be able to find lots of information quickly , what 's even more important is to be able to think deeply about the information once we 've found it . We need to slow down .	Author says we should pay attention to Obama 's words on Internet media overload Average American today spends more than eight hours a day peering into a screen Ill effects of heavy use appear to continue to afflict us even after computers are off
It 's an international air disaster in a war zone -- a commercial flight with almost 300 people on board shot down in eastern Ukraine . As new details emerge , here is a look at basic questions about the tragedy : Was the plane shot down ? All evidence so far says yes . President Barack Obama declared Friday that a surface-to-air missile blasted the Malaysia Airlines Boeing 777 on Thursday over the Donetsk region of Ukraine near the Russian border . According to a senior American official , a U.S. radar system saw a surface-to-air missile system turn on and track an aircraft right before plane went down . A second system saw a heat signature , which would indicate a missile rising from the ground into the air at the time the airliner was hit , the official explained . Does anyone dispute that ? Not at this point . While the Ukrainian government trades accusations of blame with pro-Russian rebels it is fighting in eastern Ukraine and Russia itself , no one has offered evidence of an alternative theory . The plane 's debris field indicates a mid-air explosion . Who did it ? A preliminary classified U.S. intelligence analysis concludes the rebels most likely fired the missile , according to an American defense official with direct access to the latest information . "  Evidence indicates that the plane was shot down by a surface-to-air missile that was launched from an area that is controlled by Russian-backed separatists inside of Ukraine , " Obama told reporters . However , he stopped short of blaming any particular group . Ukrainian officials accused the rebels , who denied it . Russia also denied involvement . Now Ukrainian officials have released what they say are intercepted communications in which rebels talk about downing the civilian airliner . CNN had no way of immediately verifying the authenticity of the audio recordings . The leader of the rebels in Donetsk said Saturday he believed the flight was shot down , but Alexander Borodai reiterated his denial that his forces did it . What kind of missile was used ? We do n't know for sure , but the altitude of the plane -- 32,000 feet -- means the missile must have come from a sophisticated system such as a Buk or Russian-made S-200 missiles . Both Russia and Ukraine have such systems , but Ukrainian officials say none of theirs were in the rebel-controlled area where the plane went down . Russia has been arming and supplying the rebels in eastern Ukraine , and U.S. officials said heavy weaponry , including rocket launchers , recently went across the border into the conflict area . Can anyone fire such a missile ? No . The system requires a trained team to properly fix on a target and fire the missile that is longer than an average car . Obama noted the rebels get weapons and training from Russia and had previously shot down government aircraft , including a claimed strike of a fighter jet . "  A group of separatists ca n't shoot down military transport planes , or they claim , shoot down fighter jets , without sophisticated equipment and sophisticated training , and that is coming from Russia , " the President said . Did surface-to-air missile take down Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 ? Should downed Malaysian jet have flown over Ukraine ? Why was the plane flying over what is essentially a war zone ? The Malaysia Airlines flight left Amsterdam for Kuala Lumpur and flew over eastern Ukraine , a common route for international carriers . Most airlines follow the guidelines and rules set by their national civil aviation authorities and take the most direct route available , said Mary Schiavo , a former inspector general of the U.S. Department of Transportation . The Federal Aviation Administration and other national civil aviation authorities had yet to designate the area where the Malaysian aircraft was shot down as part of the conflict zone in Ukraine , according to Schiavo . "  They had n't defined it as a stay-away area " even though there was violence in the region , she said . Have airlines now avoided that airspace ? Yes . The FAA said U.S. airlines had voluntarily agreed not to operate in airspace near the Russian-Ukraine border . Later , it issued a notice prohibiting U.S. flight operations in the airspace over eastern Ukraine until further notice . International airlines also were rerouting flights to avoid the region . Who are the victims ? No survivors have been found from the 298 passengers and crew aboard . Malaysia Airlines said Saturday there were 193 Dutch citizens on the flight , the most of any nation . Passengers came from 11 other countries including two who held dual citizenship . The lone American had dual Dutch-U.S. citizenship , according to the list . Who will lead the investigation ? Under international convention , Ukraine would as the country where the disaster occurred . Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko said experts from the International Civilian Aviation Organization , an agency of the United Nations , have joined the Netherlands , Malaysia and the United States on a special commission . A team of 131 Malaysia investigators arrived Saturday in Kiev , but it was unclear when it would get access to the crash site , Malaysia 's official news agency Bernama reported . The FBI and the National Transportation Safety Board said Friday they were sending experts . Where are the black boxes ? That is not clear . Some reports say separatist forces found the plane 's data and cockpit voice recorders and handed them over to Russia , though that remains unproven . A Ukrainian official said Friday the recorders still were in the country , but he did n't know their exact location or who had them . On Saturday , Borodai -- the rebel leader in Donetsk -- said his group did n't have them . Examining the recorders will be key , but CNN aviation analyst Miles O'Brien said the crash location in such a volatile region made their recovery uncertain . "  The big question will be , in whose hands will they fall , and will this be a really objective , international investigation ? " he said . Who is in charge of the crash site ? It is in rebel-controlled territory , and the international community has yet to establish full authority over the area . Rebels were among the first to the crash site and some of them went through the debris . Photos show people standing on pieces of wreckage . "  It basically looks like one of the biggest , or the biggest , crime scene in the world right now , guarded by a bunch of guys in uniform with heavy fire power , who are quite inhospitable , " said Michael Bociurkiw of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe , which sent a special monitoring mission to the crash site on Friday . "  And there did n't seem to be anyone really in control , " he added . "  For example , one of our top priorities was to find out what happened to the black boxes . No one was there to answer those questions . " A Ukrainian government official said that talks were underway on creating a demilitarized zone around the crash site with a safe corridor to provide access for investigators and family members of the victims . The White House and Malaysia 's government insist on full and immediate access for investigators . Malaysian Transport Minister Liow Tiong Lai said Saturday the crash site 's integrity had been compromised , adding "  there are indications that vital evidence has not been preserved in place . " Why impede an investigation ? If the rebels fired a Russian missile , as suspected , the international backlash could be severe . Russia could face increasing international isolation and tougher sanctions , while Ukraine could get military aid from the United States and Europe . Russian President Vladimir Putin said he urged his nation 's full cooperation with the investigation , but Ukrainian officials accuse Russia of trying to cover up its role in what happened . Vitaly Nayda , the counter-intelligence chief of Ukraine 's Security Service , told reporters on Saturday that three Buk missile systems crossed into Russia before Thursday 's disaster , all three have now left Ukrainian territory . CNN had no way to independently verify his assertion . How will the United States and its allies respond ? Nations who had citizens die in the attack will demand a full investigation , as well as the normal response to any air tragedy such as return of remains and reparations for family of victims . Countries with particular expertise , such as the United States , also will participate in the investigation . The Ukraine unrest -- which pits the U.S. and European-backed government in Kiev against the rebels in eastern Ukraine backed by Moscow -- adds further complexity . Both Washington and the European Union have imposed sanctions on Russia for annexing Crimea from Ukraine and failing to take steps to stop the conflict . Some U.S. conservatives , such as Republican Sen. John McCain , already call for tougher sanctions and arming the Ukraine military in its fight against the rebels . Obama said further sanctions would come if Russia continued backing the rebels and otherwise contributing to a continuation of the Ukraine conflict . CNN Flight 17 full coverage Plane tragedy escalates the Ukraine conflict List of civilian planes shot down	Donetsk rebel official : Plane shot down , but not by us Malaysian official says the crash site 's integrity has been compromised President Obama says evidence points to a missile strike by pro-Russian rebels Russia could face increasing international isolation and tougher sanctions
Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy has issued an order preventing any court from overturning his decisions , essentially allowing him to run the country unchecked until a new constitution is drafted , his spokesman announced on state TV Thursday . Morsy also ordered retrials and reinvestigations in the deaths of protesters during last year 's uprising against strongman Hosni Mubarak . That could lead to the reprosecution of Mubarak , currently serving a life prison term , and several acquitted officials who served under him . The order for retrials could please some Egyptians who 've expressed disappointment that security officers and others have escaped legal consequences over last year 's protester crackdown by the Mubarak regime . Egypt and Morsy proved ` pivotal ' in Gaza cease-fire talks Some demonstrators in Cairo , however -- protesting for a fourth day against Morsy and the growing influence of the Muslim Brotherhood -- expressed anger over his assumption of more power . About 2,000 people protested Thursday night in and around Tahrir Square , with some chanting "  birth of a new pharaoh " and "  Morsy the dictator . " Political rivals also expressed dismay Thursday evening . "  Morsy is taking over the executive , judicial , and legislative powers in his hands , and this is a dangerous path , " said the Twitter account of Hamdeen Sabahy , a former presidential candidate . "  Morsy has issued immunity to any laws he issues . This is the birth of a new dictator , " tweeted Khaled Ali , another former presidential candidate . Hundreds of Muslim Brotherhood supporters , meanwhile , stood outside the general prosecutor 's office Thursday to support Morsy 's decrees . Morsy declared that any laws or decrees he 's made since he took office June 30 , and until a new constitution is put in place , are final and can not be overturned or appealed , his spokesman said on state-run TV . Morsy also declared that a 100-man council drafting a new constitution , plus the upper house of parliament , can not be dissolved . And he granted the council two more months to finish a draft constitution , meaning the panel has six months to finish . That means Morsy , who earlier this year took over legislative powers from the military council that ruled after Mubarak 's ouster , could have at least six months of unchecked rule by decree . The draft constitution would go to a referendum before it is finalized . He also fired Egypt 's general prosecutor , who had taken criticism from protesters in recent months because they believe prosecutions over demonstrators ' deaths were insufficient . Morsy swore in Talaat Ibrahim as the new general prosecutor on Thursday . Morsy 's moves come three days after the start of violent protests in central Cairo , largely by people angry at Morsy 's government and the Muslim Brotherhood , the Islamist movement to which Morsy belongs . They also come amid turmoil in the constitution panel , which has been torn between conservatives wanting the constitution to mandate Egypt be governed by Islam 's Sharia law , and moderates and liberals who want it to say that Egypt be governed by principles of Sharia . The announcements also come a day after Morsy helped broker a cease-fire between Israel and Hamas after an eight-day conflict between the sides . On Wednesday , Morsy released a statement saying he had canceled a planned trip to Pakistan -- sending his vice president instead -- to concentrate on internal political developments and the Israel-Hamas cease-fire . Thousands of people have protested in Cairo since Monday , chanting -- for the first time since Morsy took office -- for the toppling of the regime . Some in Tahrir Square held posters saying "  No to the Brotherhood , " and banned Brotherhood members from entering the square . Some protesters have thrown Molotov cocktails and rocks at police , who have fired tear gas and birdshot at the demonstrators . One person has died and at least 80 have been injured in the protests , according to Mohamed Sultan , a Health Ministry spokesman . Nine police officers have been injured in the clashes so far , said Alaa Mahmoud , an Interior Ministry spokesman . Dozens of protesters have been arrested , said Interior Minister Ahmed Gamal El Din . Cameras have been installed around Tahrir Square , its side streets and the Interior Ministry in an effort to determine the identities of people attacking security forces , he announced . Middle East balance of power shifting More demonstrations are scheduled in Tahrir Square on Friday . Fekri Mahkroub , a criminal court judge in Egypt 's Ismailia district , said Thursday night that he was "  sad because what President Morsy did is an assault on the legislative and judicial system . " "  He defies anything the revolution stands for , and his actions are an insult to us as judges , " Mahkroub said . "  Declaring that his laws can not be questioned is unacceptable , and we may see a general judicial strike . " Eric Trager , a fellow with the Washington Institute for Near East Policy , said Morsy not only is preventing the judiciary from overruling his decisions , but he also has "  insulated the Muslim-Brotherhood-dominated  constitutional panel  from judicial oversight . " Depsite the protests in Cairo and objections from political rivals , Morsy -- elected with nearly 52 % of the vote in a June runoff against former Prime Minister Ahmed Shafik -- enjoys the "  best mobilizing capability in the country " in the Muslim Brotherhood , Trager said . "  If there 's a nationwide movement against this , you 'll  also  have a nationwide movement for it , " Trager said . After he was elected , Morsy took legislative control from the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces , which had ruled after Mubarak was deposed . Earlier , the council dissolved parliament 's lower house , saying parliamentary elections that began in November 2011 were unconstitutional . Morsy indicated in June he would call back parliament , but Egypt 's high administrative court upheld the dissolution . Mubarak and his former Interior Minister Habib El Adly were convicted and sentenced in June to life in prison on charges relating to the deaths of hundreds of protesters after a 10-month trial , while six former government aides were acquitted . Some Egyptians protested the sentences and acquittals . Morsy , who still was running for office , said at the time that he would initiate new investigations if elected . About 840 people died and more than 6,000 others were injured in last year 's 18-day uprising , according to Amnesty International .	Morsy : Any decisions until new constitution is established ca n't be overturned Move could give him unchecked power for months ; protesters call him ` dictator ' Declaration comes on 4th day of protests against president and the Muslim Brotherhood Hundreds of Muslim Brotherhood supporters demonstrate for Morsy on Thursday
Washington  CNN  -- Solar panels and a solar hot water heater will soon be installed at the White House , Energy Secretary Steven Chu said Tuesday . Chu announced the conversion at the 2010 GreenGov Symposium in Washington , accompanied by Nancy Sutley , chairwoman of the Council of Environmental Quality . "  This project reflects President Obama 's strong commitment to U.S. leadership in solar energy and the jobs it will create here at home , " Chu said in a written statement released by the Energy Department . "  Deploying solar energy technologies across the country will help America lead the global economy for years to come . " By installing the solar panels on the White House , Sutley said the president is underscoring a commitment to "  lead , and the promise and importance of renewable energy in the United States . " The solar panel system , which should be installed by next spring , will convert sunlight directly to electricity , while the solar hot water heater will have a solar collector facing the sun to heat water for use in the White House residence . The Energy Department said a competitive procurement process will be used to select the company that will make the installations . This is not the first time solar energy has been tapped at the White House . Former President Jimmy Carter had solar panels installed on the roof of the White House residence during his term . They were removed during the Reagan administration . Former President George W. Bush also used solar energy to help power a maintenance building on the White House grounds , and to assist in heating the swimming pool there . The announcement comes on the one-year anniversary af an executive order signed by the president that called on the federal government to lead in the establishment of a clean energy economy .	Solar panels , solar hot water heater will be installed in the White House Chu says the move reflects Obama 's commitment to solar energy Carter also put solar panels on the White House
CNN  -- In a move that drew fire from medical marijuana advocates , federal authorities raided 26 medical marijuana dispensaries in 13 Montana cities , saying they have probable cause to believe that the businesses are involved in large-scale trafficking . The search warrants executed Monday are the culmination of an "  18-month , multiagency investigation into the drug trafficking activities of criminal enterprises , " Michael Cotter , U.S. attorney for the District of Montana , said in a statement Tuesday . In addition , he said , civil seizure warrants for financial institutions in Bozeman , Helena and Kalispell were executed , seeking up to $ 4 million . Authorities did not disclose items that were seized pending the filing of search warrant returns in federal court . Probable cause exists to believe that the shops were involved in conspiring to manufacture and distribute marijuana and evade financial reporting requirements , authorities said . No criminal charges have been filed . "  When criminal networks violate federal laws , those involved will be prosecuted , " Cotter said in the statement . Individuals who are in compliance with state law are not the focus of the investigation , authorities said . Items seized included marijuana plants , computers and cell phones , CNN affiliate KULR reported . In some instances , the station said , bank accounts were frozen . Medical marijuana advocates cried foul . "  Not only are these raids very harmful and unnecessary , they are aimed at undermining the democratic process by preventing the people and legislators of Montana from addressing their own public health concerns , " Steph Sherer , executive director of Americans for Safe Access , said in a statement . The organization describes itself on its website as "  the largest national member-based organization of patients , medical professionals , scientists and concerned citizens promoting safe and legal access to cannabis for therapeutic use and research . " Sherer said , "  there is no doubt the raids were times to take advantage of a vulnerable political time for Montana patients . " Shere testified last week at a state Senate hearing on a bill to repeal the state 's medical marijuana initiative . The measure , which passed the Montana House last month , died in committee , the organization said . "  The public has been hoodwinked into believing the feds have changed their policy with respect to medical marijuana , but the evidence points to the same aggressive tactics under President Obama that we saw for years under the Bush administration , " Sherer said in the statement . Tom Daubert , who authored the 2004 medical marijuana initiative , told the Great Falls Tribune newspaper that the raids had a "  chilling effect " on the state 's medical marijuana community . Mort Reid , the owner of one dispensary , Canni-RX in Billings , told KULR he closed his doors briefly Monday after hearing of raids elsewhere because he did n't want his patients or staff to be alarmed if he was raided . He reopened later in the day but said he is still concerned a search warrant might be executed there . Reid said he has written Montana Gov. Brian Schweitzer and said the issue is now one of states ' rights . "  We still have patients to serve and I think we as a company have to put their needs above whatever motives are behind the federal authorities , " Reid told KULR .	Authorities allege the 26 dispensaries are involved in trafficking Americans for Safe Access calls the raids "  harmful and unnecessary " A measure to repeal medical marijuana in the state died in a Senate committee
URUMQI , China  CNN  -- Several hundred people staged a new protest in Urumqi on Tuesday , demanding the release of relatives detained in connection with weekend demonstrations by ethnic Uyghur residents in China 's far western Xinjiang region . Ethnic Uyghur women grab the arm of a policeman as they protest in Urumqi on July 7 . The crowd of 200 to 300 -- mostly women and elderly -- quickly formed as local authorities were taking members of the media on a tour of a neighborhood that was heavily damaged during riots over the weekend , witnesses said . Riot police quickly moved in to defuse the standoff as the demonstrators shouted the names of family members they wanted released . The protest is the latest sign that tensions are still simmering in the Xinjiang capital , where violent demonstrations have left 156 people dead and more than 1,000 injured , according to the regional public security department . In southern China , police have detained 15 suspects in connection with an incident that may have spurred the deadly rioting in Urumqi , state-run media reported . There is speculation that Sunday 's protest , which took place in the predominantly Uyghur-populated Bazaar district , may have been a reaction to ethnic violence in southern China . The violence took place late last month at a toy factory in Guangdong province , where many migrants , including Uyghurs , have moved in search of work . A massive brawl reportedly broke out between workers of Uyghur and Han nationalities . Two Uyghurs reportedly died . The unrest in Urumqi had been brought under control with a massive presence of soldiers and anti-riot squads , the government said Tuesday . Curfews were in force in major districts of the capital . At least 1,434 suspects had been detained by Tuesday morning , the Xinhua news agency reported , citing government officials . "  The police have started interrogations with the suspects , " said Li Yi , a spokesman for the Communist Party in Xinjiang . Those convicted would be dealt with severely , he said . Watch more on violence in Xinjiang " In a rare public display of dissatisfaction , thousands of Uyghurs -- many of whom feel they are treated as second-class citizens by the majority Han Chinese -- took to the streets Sunday chanting and screaming , prompting a police lockdown of the city . State-run media reported that protesters attacked passersby , burned public buses and blocked traffic . The report did not say how many people took part or what their grievances were . But a witness in Urumqi told CNN that , soon after the protest started about 5 p.m. , hundreds of demonstrators "  grew into easily over 1,000 -- men , women and children , all ethnic Uyghurs -- screaming and chanting . " Police arrived quickly and tried to control the swelling crowd by erecting barriers in the street , but "  people pushed them over , " the witness said . "  They were throwing rocks at passing cars and buses . " As the violence escalated , hundreds of riot police arrived , the witness said . "  They used tear gas and fire hoses to disperse the crowd . I saw fire trucks , ambulances , armed personnel carriers and what looked like tanks . I heard random gunshots . " iReport.com : Are you there ? Share photos , video , commentary Late Sunday , the witness said , Urumqi was in a lockdown , with hundreds of People 's Liberation Army soldiers in the streets . He reported seeing riot police chasing protesters into alleys and rounding up many of them . Xinjiang is home to many Uyghurs . China 's constitution guarantees ethnic minorities equal rights and limited autonomy . However , ethnic tensions run deep . Minority groups such as the Uyghurs complain that they are subjected to discrimination by the majority Han . See a map of Xinjiang " Tensions also ran high in Han communities in the capital on Tuesday as neighbors organized to protect themselves and their businesses . Groups of men carrying pipes , sticks and cleavers milled in front of shops before police dispersed them . "  The Uyghurs will attack any Han they see , " one man said . The World Uyghur Congress , a dissident Uyghur group based in Munich , Germany , condemned the crackdown on what it described in a written statement as Sunday 's "  peaceful protest " by Uyghurs . "  The Chinese authorities should acknowledge that the peaceful protest was sparked by the unlawful mob beating and killing of Uyghur workers at a Guangdong toy factory more than a week ago , " it said . "  The authorities should also acknowledge that their failure to take any meaningful action to punish the Chinese mob for the brutal murder of Uyghurs is the real cause of this protest . " It accused the Chinese authorities of having "  used tear gas , automatic rifles and armored vehicles to disperse the Uyghur protesters . During the crackdown , some were shot to death , and some were beaten to death by Chinese police . Some demonstrators were even crushed by armored vehicles near Xinjiang University , according to eyewitnesses . " Watch victims describe the riots in Urumqi " The government in Xinjiang blamed "  foreign forces " for Sunday 's rioting . "  The violence is premeditated , organized violent crime , " said Nur Bekri , chairman of the Xinjiang Autonomous Region , the equivalent of a governor . "  It was instigated and directed from abroad and carried out by outlaws in the country . " Bekri accused the World Uyghur Congress of spreading rumors and inciting anger that led to the rioting , in a speech carried by Xinjiang television . The World Uyghur Congress denied the charge . It is led by Rebuya Kadeer , a businesswoman of Uyghur ethnicity who was detained in 1999 and accused of harming China 's national security . She was freed on bail in 2005 and was allowed to leave for the United States for medical care . Bekri accused Kadeer of instigating the unrest via the Internet and said the fight at the Guangdong toy factory was exploited to incite ethnic strife . Internet service was hard to come by in Urumqi on Tuesday . Reporters ' BlackBerries could not send and receive messages . Computers could not access the Web at their hotels .	Hundreds protest mass arrests following ethnic unrest in China 's Xinjiang region Protesters -- mostly women and elderly -- shouted names of relatives being held At least 1,434 held by Chinese police following weekend Uyghur protests 156 people killed and more than 800 others injured in violence
Washington  CNN  -- A U.S. citizen has been charged with alleged involvement in planning last year 's terrorist attacks in Mumbai , India , the Justice Department said Monday . David Headley of Chicago , Illinois , already faced charges alleging that he planned attacks against a Danish newspaper . Headley , 49 , was born in Washington , D.C. . The Justice Department alleges he helped plan the November 2008 terrorist attacks in Mumbai , which killed 160 people , including six Americans . The Justice Department said Headley attended terrorism training camps in Pakistan and conspired with members of the group Lashkar-e-Tayyiba to carry out attacks in Denmark and India . The United States considers Lashkar-e-Tayyiba a foreign terrorist organization . The department said Headley was charged in Chicago with six counts of conspiracy to bomb locations in India and to murder and maim persons in India and Denmark , and six counts of aiding and abetting the murder of U.S. citizens in India . He has agreed to cooperate with authorities investigating both terror plots , lawyers involved in the case said . At the time of his October 3 arrest in Chicago , he was on his way back to India to plan a second attack , a source close to the investigation said . He remains in federal custody , with no date set for his arraignment , the Justice Department said . Headley 's attorney , John T. Theis , said he has read the additional charges but said he would not comment "  while we have the case under review . " No formal plea has been offered to either these charges or the previous ones , he said . Asked whether his client is cooperating , Theis said , "  At this time , we will only say I do n't disagree with the statements made by the U.S. attorney regarding my client 's involvement in the investigation . " A retired major in the Pakistani military , Abdur Rehman Hashim Syed , also was charged with conspiracy in planning to attack the newspaper in Denmark . So was Tahawwur Hussain Rana , whom U.S. authorities identify as a Pakistani native and Canadian citizen who lives mainly in Chicago . Headley said he worked for First World Immigration Services , a company owned by Rana , though authorities have said in court papers that surveillance showed that he "  performs few services " for the company . Kia Scherr -- whose husband , Alan , and 13-year-old daughter , Naomi , were killed in the Mumbai attacks -- welcomed the developments in the case . "  Though my loss still causes me much grief , I am grateful for the support of the FBI , who called me personally and informed me of the news , " she said . "  My hope is that Headley cooperates fully and discloses all information to aid in the investigation ... " CNN 's Drew Griffin and Terry Frieden contributed to this report .	NEW : Woman who lost her husband and daughter thanks FBI Feds : David Headley attended terrorism training camps in Pakistan Feds : Headley conspired to execute attacks in Denmark and India Headley agrees to cooperate in probes of both terror plots , lawyers say
CNN  -- English Premier League grounds are noted for their passionate atmosphere and fans sometimes overstep the boundaries of public decency . In the task of adjudicating just what is and is n't acceptable to say at a football game , leading English Premier League club Liverpool has issued a list of banned words to its employees in its efforts to rid football of discriminatory behavior . The list of offensive words relates to race and religion , sexual orientation , gender and disability and was circulated to members of Liverpool 's staff as part of a longer presentation , one page of which was leaked on the internet . "  The club wishes to eradicate any form of discrimination or discriminatory behavior both on and off the football pitch , " reads the leaked document , which Liverpool confirmed was accurate . "  It 's important to understand the context of what 's being said , but here are examples of words worth listening out for which are usually offensive and the club consider unacceptable . " The list included terms such as "  n **** r " , "  queen " , "  do n't be a woman , " "  cripple " as well as "  princess "  and "  man up " . "  The list -- which is accurate -- was part of a larger , private education program that is designed to teach our employees to recognize any and all forms of discrimination on the grounds , on and off the pitch , " a Liverpool spokesman told CNN . "  As it was part of a private presentation , LFC can not pass you on a copy . " The guidelines have has not been reportedly issued to Liverpool players because they receive separate instructions from the Football Association . The document prompted much discussion on social networking site Twitter with Guardian journalist Barney Ronay writing : "  Catching up with this Liverpool story . I see "  lady-boy " appears under both Gender and Sexual Orientation but "  she-man " is only under Gender . Typical anti-she man bias . " English football has been blighted by a series of racism scandals in recent years . Liverpool striker Luis Suarez was banned for eight matches and fined # 40,000 in 2011 after being found guilty of racially abusing Manchester United 's Patrice Evra . The club was heavily criticized for its defense of Suarez , with the team and then manager Kenny Dalglish wearing t-shirts in support of the Uruguayan before a Premier League match against Wigan Athletic . In September 2012 former England captain John Terry was banned for four matches and fined # 220,000 for a racist slur aimed at Queens Park Rangers defender Anton Ferdinand . Terry also faced a criminal trial over the allegations , after which he was found not guilty . Meanwhile , English anti-racism organization Kick It Out , which this year marks 20 years of battling discrimination , has launched a smart phone app which allows fans to report incidents of racism at matches . "  It gives football fans the opportunity to report a racist incident if someone is causing a nuisance in their vicinity or trying to spoil their entertainment , " former England and Tottenham Hotspur winger and Kick It Out trustee Garth Crooks told CNN . "  For the first time , certainly as long as I 've been in football , a football fan can actually complain anonymously about someone being a racial nuisance . "  Now we 're not saying that person is a racist , but they 're using racist language and it deserves to be reported . The app allows you to do that . It 's the perfect tool . " Crooks also hailed the work done by Kick It Out over the last two decades . "  I think it 's been very successful , " he added . "  We 've moved from the days where abuse was common place in football and it was embarrassing for all concerned , to a place where the fans have pretty much taken control of the situation . "  They are much more determined to not be sitting in a controlled environment listening to their heroes being abused . "  We have CCTV monitoring areas of the football grounds to make sure that people behave . Managers and players are also involved to try and ensure that , when people play football , it 's a comfortable working environment . "	Liverpool issue a list of banned discriminatory terms to employees The list contains words relating to race/religion , sexual orientation , gender and disability Anti-racism organization Kick It Out launches an app allowing fans to report abuse Kick It Out was first established in 1993
CNN  -- Prominent Chicago defense lawyer Ed Genson said Friday he intends to resign as attorney for embattled Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich in the criminal case against the governor . Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich 's impeachment trial is scheduled to start on Monday . "  I never require a client to do what I say but I do require them to at least listen to what I say . ... I wish the governor good luck and godspeed , " Genson said in brief remarks to reporters . Genson would not elaborate on his reasons for withdrawing from the case or any conversations he had with Blagojevich about his leaving the case . Genson had headed Blagojevich 's defense team since soon after the governor was arrested on December 9 on federal corruption charges . Among other allegations , federal prosecutors said the governor tried to sell the U.S. Senate seat vacated by President Obama . Genson represented Blagojevich during proceedings in the Illinois state House in which legislators voted to impeach the governor . But on January 16 , the U.S. attorney 's office in the Northern District of Illinois said Genson would not represent Blagojevich in his state Senate impeachment trial . No explanation was given . Blagojevich has denied any wrongdoing and said the House impeachment vote was politically motivated . Watch Blagojevich ask for fair trial " On Thursday , the outspoken Blagojevich called the Senate trial "  a sham " and said the Senate is not allowing him to call witnesses in the trial , which is scheduled to begin Monday . The Chicago Tribune reported that Genson said his inability to call witnesses or to know the identities of some parties in alleged schemes made it impossible to defend Blagojevich in the impeachment trial . After Genson announced Friday he would leave Blagojevich 's criminal defense effort , another of Blagojevich 's attorneys , Sheldon Sorosky , said he was continuing to work on the case . "  I 'm on the case , absolutely , " Sorosky , whose law firm is separate from Genson 's firm , said at an impromptu sidewalk news conference as he was leaving an office building . "  I was aware of Mr. Genson 's position , and he 's a good friend , " said Sorosky . "  The governor 's a friend , and I understand his position and that 's that . " iReport.com : Do you trust your political leaders ? Sorosky , who has worked on Blagojevich 's defense since the arrest , would not elaborate . Asked by a reporter if he would recommend to Blagojevich that the talkative governor curtail his public comments , Sorosky said , "  You ca n't tell the governor what to do or not to do . "	Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich 's top attorney to resign from defense team Blagojevich is accused of trying to sell Senate seat vacated by President Obama Blagojevich 's impeachment trial set to start on Monday
CNN  -- At least four people were shot Sunday in a Walmart parking lot in central Texas , police said . A suspect was arrested at the scene , they said . The shooting took place very early in the morning in Cedar Park , which is just north of Austin . Early indications were that a group of people met in the parking lot to fight and that at least one person then opened fire , police said . No Walmart employees or customers were wounded , police said . The names of those involved in the shooting were not immediately released . An investigation is ongoing . Are you there ? Share images , videos and stories . In the wake of shootings , attitudes on gun control have n't changed By the numbers : Guns in America After D.C. shooting , fingers point over blame	The early morning shooting took place in a parking lot No Walmart employees or customers were wounded Police say they have a suspect in custody
Ukraine 's President returned to work Monday after four days of sick leave as neighbor Russia called on protesters who have tried to curb his powers to stop their "  threats and ultimatums . " President Viktor Yanukovych , who went on sick leave last Thursday for "  acute respiratory disease , " is seeking a way out of a deepening political crisis that has paralyzed Kiev , the capital . Thousands of anti-government demonstrators have packed Kiev 's Independence Square since November , underscoring tensions in a country split between pro-European regions in the west and a more Russia-oriented east . Last week , in the first concessions made by the government , the Prime Minister and Cabinet resigned , a controversial anti-protest law was repealed , and Yanukovych signed off on a contested amnesty bill for anti-government protesters . But opposition leaders , who have received backing from the U.S. and EU governments , are pressing for more concessions . In a statement Monday , Russia 's Foreign Ministry told protesters who have set up tents and barricades in the central Independence Square to halt their "  provocative steps . " It said one protest leader 's calls for street patrols and the blocking of public buildings "  contradicted statements about the opposition 's commitment to the democratic and European values . " "  We hope the opposition in Ukraine will renounce threats and ultimatums and activate a dialogue with the government to solve the severe crisis , " the ministry said . Special session in Parliament Yanukovych 's online press service said Sunday that he was now feeling "  good " after treatment and his condition had been assessed as "  satisfactory . " It said he would return to his desk Monday . The government 's attempts to crack down on the protests appear only to have strengthened the opposition 's resolve . Violent confrontations flared after a sweeping anti-protest law was signed two weeks ago , followed by an uneasy standoff on the streets as the battle in the political arena has heated up . Yanukovych has resisted calls for him to step down and defended the government 's handling of the political crisis . However , opposition parties continue to call for constitutional reforms to shift power away from the President and say a new amnesty bill -- which comes into force only if protesters vacate seized government buildings and unblock roads and squares -- is unacceptable . A special parliamentary session is scheduled for Tuesday . Activist treated in Lithuania Deadly clashes last month were an escalation of weeks of largely peaceful public protests prompted by Yanukovych 's decision in November to spurn a planned trade deal with the European Union and favor Russia instead . He and Russian President Vladimir Putin agreed on a $ 15 billion deal for Russia to buy Ukrainian debt and slash the price of natural gas . The violence on the streets has raised alarm among Ukraine 's neighbors and Western governments , who have been calling for a peaceful resolution to the unrest . Western leaders last week also voiced growing concern about reports of the kidnapping and torture of opposition activists in the country . One , the visibly battered Dmytro Bulatov , reappeared Thursday , more than a week after he went missing . He told reporters he 'd been kidnapped and tortured by his captors -- who , he said , "  crucified me " by piercing his hands -- before they dumped him in a forest . EU foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton and White House press secretary Jay Carney condemned his cruel treatment . Ukraine 's Interior Ministry has said it is investigating what happened to him . Bulatov on Sunday flew to Lithuania for medical treatment , protest leaders said .	Ukrainian President returns to his desk after a four-day sick leave Russia : "  We hope the opposition in Ukraine will renounce threats and ultimatums " Thousands of demonstrators remain on the streets of central Kiev The opposition wants more concessions from the government
CNN  -- Authorities in Mississippi are holding a father of five in the deaths of his children , ages 1 to 8 , the state 's Department of Public Safety said Tuesday evening . "  The seriousness of this violent crime is unconscionable , " said Albert Santa Cruz , Mississippi 's public safety commissioner . Timothy Jones Jr. , 32 , is being held in Smith County on child endangerment charges and is awaiting extradition to South Carolina for prosecution . The children , reported missing from South Carolina last week , were found dead in Alabama on Tuesday , authorities said . Their remains were discovered off a dirt road in Wilcox County , said Sgt. Steve Jarrett of the Alabama Department of Public Safety . Jones led law enforcement to the crime scene , Jarrett said . No other details were immediately available about how the children died . A multi-state search for the children and their father involved the FBI and state law enforcement agencies . It was launched after the mother told Lexington County , South Carolina , sheriff 's investigators on September 3 that she has been unable to contact her former husband . "  Neighbors told deputies that the children 's father said he was moving with his children from his home near Lexington to another state , " said Lexington Sheriff Lewis McCarty . Jones and the children 's mother were divorced . They shared custody of the children , according to the Lexington County , South Carolina , Sheriff 's office . On Saturday , Jones was taken into custody in Mississippi on suspicion of driving under the influence . When his SUV was towed , authorities found evidence of a crime , the state 's Department of Public Safety said . A check of the National Criminal Information Center found he was wanted in South Carolina . Missing nursing student 's remains found in Tennessee CNN 's Suzanne Presto contributed to this report .	Children 's father is held in Alabama , awaiting extradition The remains were discovered in Wilcox County , Alabama Few details are immediately available about how the children died Their parents were divorced and they shared custody of the children
New York  CNN  -- Seven people , including three children , died Sunday when a vehicle flipped over a guardrail and plunged nearly 60 feet to the ground , landing upside down in an area of the Bronx Zoo that is closed to the public , officials said . The crash occurred near the Bronx River Parkway and East 180th Street . "  Police determined that a 2004 Honda Pilot traveling southbound on the Bronx River Parkway in the left lane had struck the center median , crossed over three southbound lanes and struck the curb , causing the vehicle to become airborne and continue over the guardrail and fall approximately 59 feet down into a wooded area inside of Bronx Zoo property , " the New York Police Department said in a statement . Police identified the victims as driver Maria Gonzalez , 45 ; Jocelyn Gonzalez , 10 ; Maria Nunez , 39 ; Niely Rosario , 7 ; Marly Rosario , 3 ; Jacob Nunez , 85 ; and Ana Julia Martinez , 81 . All were pronounced dead at the scene and an investigation is ongoing , police said . NYPD Deputy Commissioner Paul Browne said all the victims were wearing seat belts . He had previously given the older girls ' ages as 15 and 5 . Browne said the driver likely overcompensated when the left side of the SUV struck the barrier . The vehicle was traveling at a high speed , said FDNY Deputy Chief Ronald Werner . Zoo spokeswoman Mary Dixon said the vehicle landed just inside the southeast perimeter of the 265-acre zoo . A baby bag with diapers inside was found at the scene . "  It 's far from any public area , " Dixon said . "  No animals , exhibits or visitors were affected . ... It would be impossible for any visitors to see this . " The area where the vehicle fell is adjacent to where the zoo 's trams are parked , Werner said . The fire department 's Howard Sickles told reporters that in his 20 years he 's "  seen a lot of horrific things and this is one of them . " The crushed vehicle came to rest in overgrown brush , Werner said . Authorities used thermal imaging cameras to find victims in case any had been ejected , he said . Authorities received multiple calls about the incident at about 12:30 p.m. , Werner said . In 2006 , six people died in an accident on the Bronx River Parkway near the site of Sunday 's crash . CNN 's Miguel Susana , Steve Kastenbaum , Ross Levitt and Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	NEW : The dead include three children , ages 10 , 7 and 3 , police say A 45-year-old woman was driving All the victims were wearing seat belts The vehicle landed in part of the Bronx Zoo , a zoo official says
CNN  -- Web-page addresses can be notoriously long , but even the normal ones seem absolutely huge in our age of Twitter and text messaging . Every letter counts when you have only 140 characters . Now Google hopes to revolutionize the Web address shortening arena with Goo.gl , now available to the public through its website at http://goo.gl . Goo.gl was originally a proprietary way for Google to abbreviate its Web addresses within services such as Google News  for saving article links  or Google Maps  for sending a location  . The new Goo.gl website will abbreviate your links and store them for you to view later or share with others . Google says it is also using special provisions to prevent blind links from leading to malware or dangerous websites . But Google is entering a super-crowded arena . TinyURL has been abbreviating Web addresses for nearly a decade , and the advent of Twitter has encouraged more sophisticated abbreviators , like bit.ly , which allow people to organize and search through their saved links . Individual media sites have also created their own abbreviations : http://nyti.ms for The New York Times , for example , and http://t.co for Twitter . As ReadWriteWeb notes , the biggest advantage Google has over the smaller abbreviators is its massive size and the connection between dozens of its services . That may be enough to make it the top web shortener in short order .	Google hopes to revolutionize Web address shortening arena with Goo.gl Website will now abbreviate your links , keeping them in storage to view later Google says it is also using special provisions to prevent blind links leading to malware
CNN  -- In many ways -- more than just distance , at least -- it is a long way from the remote city of Kashgar in the restive northwest Chinese province of Xinjiang to Kuala Lumpur , the bustling , teeming capital of Malaysia . But it was a journey that an Uyghur artist named Memetjan Abdullah made earlier this month . It was his first trip outside China . Father to a young daughter , Abdullah -- whose name is sometimes spelled Maimaitijiang Abula -- was part of a delegation of some 24 artists who were returning to China from the "  Chinese Dream : Red and Green Painting " art exhibition , held March 4 to 6 in the Malaysian city . The exhibition also acted as a cultural exchange conference , while celebrating the 40th anniversary of diplomatic ties between China and Malaysia . Abdullah , who won an award for his work during the exchange , and his colleagues were on board Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 when it disappeared somewhere over the Malacca Strait early in the morning of March 8 . A talented , popular painter , who uses oils as his medium , Abdullah teaches painting at a Kashgar middle school , a position that perhaps belies his talents . A painting of his , entitled "  Outlook " is part of National Art Museum of China collection , a testament to the 35-year old 's skill . A colleague from his school , Mehmet Emin Kahar , said "  Memetjan has  a  good personality . He cares for students , his ideas are progressive and he 's dedicated to his job . " A hard worker Prior to taking the position in Kashgar , Abdullah studied in Beijing for a year at the Chinese Academy of Oil Painting . Lin Jianshou , who befriended the young Uyghur painter in 1999 on a trip to Kashgar , suggested he attend a one-year program at the academy . "  He tried really hard . He had to live on instant noodles every day because there was no Muslim food . But still he worked really hard and kept on painting . So from what I know of him , he 's very hardworking and has great pursuits in art . " Lin recalls the moment that he realized that his friend and student was on the flight . "  I stopped what I was doing . And all of a sudden I felt so weak . Because he was my good friend and he was always supporting me . Of course , my legs went weak and I had no strength . I thought , how was it that I was able to meet with him . " Some extremists from a sizable Muslim population in Xinjiang have fostered unrest in the province and beyond , which boiled over at the beginning of March with a massacre at a Kunming train station . Li recalls that , following MH370 's disappearance , he was asked to clarify his friend 's "  situation " with the police . When news of the flight 's disappearance broke over two weeks ago , Chinese media initially blurred Abdullah 's name from the passenger manifest , fearing that a Uyghur separatist attack was to blame for the flight 's disappearance . The Chinese government has since ruled that none of its citizens that were aboard MH370 have any link to terrorism . Lin adamantly believes his friend has no link to terrorist activities , and could not have been involved in the disappearance of MH370 . "  No , absolutely not a possibility . I know him well , and there 's no way ... He is someone who perseveres in art . He would not use lives to do this to art . No way ... it 's not ` probably he did not do it . ' It 's ` absolutely no way he could have done it . ' " Kurbanjan Semet , 32 , a cameraman with CCTV 's documentary channel met the painter at a local gallery in Kashgar in 2005 while he was filming ethnic group cultural elements , and was drawn to his passion . "  I found his paintings interesting , " says Kurbanjan , "  He 's the kind of person that lives for his art . Painting is his life . His biggest wish is to express his feelings with painting , especially his feelings for his hometown . "  He 's been a really modest person when he was with me and my other friends . He always seeks advice for his painting from others , like advice on the use of color and other things . " The Xinjiang passenger It was on March 2 that Abdullah flew to Malaysia . Kurbanjan spoke briefly with his friend the day before , but news of the Kunming knife attack soured his mood and prevented him from accompanying him to the airport . He heard again from his friend a couple of days later , with the news that he 'd been interviewed by local media , and again the following day when he posted on WeChat that he 'd won the award . "  I sent a message to him : ` Congratulations brother . We should celebrate when you come back . ' " Kurbanjan learned the news right after it came out on March 8 . "  It was when the news came out the Xinjiang passenger was with the 24 people artist group that I immediately realized it was him . "  Then I just ... I just could n't believe it happened to him . I still believe , until today , that he 's coming back , and I will film his stories . " He called Abdullah 's wife on the second day of the plane 's disappearance . "  They arrived on the third day because the weather conditions did n't allow them to fly to Beijing on day two . I picked them up from the airport when his family arrived . His wife was  emotional  when she saw me . " In the past few days , Kurbanjan has been telling Abdullah 's story to media . "  At this very moment , many people need to know about what kind of man he is . That 's what I 've been working on . " "  His daughter is too young to understand what happened . She believes her father went to Malaysia and is on his way back , but she does n't know when he 'll return . " CNN "  s David McKenzie and Zhang Qi contributed to this report	35-year-old Uyghur artist Memetjan Abdullah aboard MH370 Friends depict him as a thoughtful , passionate and "  progressive " person Artist 's work is in the China National Art Museum collection Close friend Kurbanjan Semet holds out hope that he will see Abdullah again
CNN  On the pitch David Ginola was renowned for his poise and elegance . But in his pitch to unseat Sepp Blatter and become the next president of FIFA , those qualities lasted about as long as the glossy montage to announce his candidacy . In public relations terms , this was not a roaring success . Suspicions had been raised by news the former Paris Saint-Germain and Tottenham player 's bid for soccer 's top job was being funded by a well-known bookmaker with a self-confessed penchant for outrageous publicity stunts . The revelation that Ginola was being paid # 250,000  $ 379,000  for his involvement -- with another # 100,000 earmarked for the football legend 's "  security " -- allied to his sketchiness when fielding questions about world football 's governing body and the detail of his campaign , did little to dampen the skepticism . "  I 'm here today to talk about love . I 'm here to share some of the most powerful emotions any of us have experienced , " was the 47-year-old 's impassioned opening gambit . "  That is what football means to me , you and the billions of fans across the planet . That 's why we 're so disappointed when we talk about some of the problems with the way our game is being run . "  It 's time to change that . It 's time to reboot football . " Ginola briefly touched on a few key themes of his campaign ; complete financial transparency as well as more funding for grassroots soccer and the women 's game . But his bid to "  reboot football " could fall at the first hurdle unless he can persuade five FIFA football associations to back him before the end of January and validate his candidacy . His campaign team also have some work to do in "  rebooting " Ginola 's knowledge of football politics it would seem . Quizzed on the issue of third party ownership of clubs , or challenged to name some of FIFA 's executive committee members , he was unable to offer any tangible answers . "  We are just at the beginning of the journey , " he replied . "  There are a few issues I will have to deal with and I think we are going to get to it in the next few days . " Even if Ginola attracts the five backers he needs , he must then face the seemingly insurmountable task of toppling current incumbent Blatter . FIFA 's president is in the 17th year of his reign and enjoys overwhelming support from the majority of organization 's 209 members , despite persistent allegations of corruption surrounding the bidding process for the 2018 and 2022 World Cups . Ginola is undeterred though , insisting he did n't want to "  fight against the man himself " but that a positive campaign would strike a chord with football fans all over the globe . "  There is no room for doubt in football , " Ginola said . "  If we can not remove all suspicion or doubt there can not be trust . "  I want FIFA to be seen as an example all around the world . It 's the most popular game and it must set an example for everyone on earth . "  There are three things that are very important to me : transparency , democracy and equality . " If Ginola 's fee raised eyebrows , they were arched ever more at the request for fans to back their support with cold , hard cash ; his team estimating that # 2.3 million  $ 3.4 m  will be required to run a full and proper crusade for office . Betting company Paddy Power kick-started the funding for the project and its pedigree when it comes to publicity stunts prompted many people to dismiss Ginola 's bid as its latest attempt to grab column inches . In 2010 they offered odds on which animal would be driven to extinction first by the oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico , and last year promised "  money back if he walks " relating to the trial of disgraced South African Paralympian Oscar Pistorius . "  We 've been known for some mischievous activity around the world , " Paddy Power , son of one the company 's founders and its marketing spokesman , explained . "  This is not that . This is for real . "  What we bring is maybe the muscle to get the ball rolling , but this is going to be crowd funded and hopefully the fans will get behind it and join the team . "  We 've provided the platform , now it 's up to us to stand back and hand it over to the fans to make it happen . " Also part of the "  Team Ginola " launch was David Larkin , a sports lawyer , who told CNN the move was revolutionary in terms of FIFA 's presidential race as it mapped out exactly where the funds would be apportioned . "  If you live in the real world , you have to pay bills , " he said of Paddy Power 's involvement . "  We 're going to be honest and tell you what we 're paying to who -- nobody else is doing that . "  The irony is that so far the David Ginola campaign is the only one to do so and that has brought criticism . We have real transparency and real democracy at play here . " Ginola vowed to flesh out the detail of his campaign in the coming days and weeks as his team sets its sights on lobbying for those five required votes . But amid the soaring rhetoric and ` Yes we can ' mentality there was still an air of distrust in the media pack relating to Paddy Power 's role . Journalist Owen Gibson , who writes for The Guardian newspaper , told CNN : "  Personally I 'm deeply uneasy about the Paddy Power connection . "  It 's toxic because they are well known for their stunts and getting into the news in any way they can . It 's a win-win for them -- they get plenty of PR , and it 's a win for David because he gets his fee . "  The danger is for those people who do want to see a genuine alternative ; on the plus side we 're getting these issues debated , and talking about how things might change . "  On the flip side you 've got the practical obstacles of getting five nominations by end of the month and the cynicism that will be generated by the fact it 's backed by a major bookmaker with a reputation for controversy and stunts . " Gibson , who thought some of the questions directed at Ginola with the aim of tripping him up were "  unfair , " said it was highly unlikely the Frenchman 's bid would represent a real challenge to Blatter . "  Slim to none would be a good way of summing up Ginola 's chances , " he said . "  If Paddy Power were running the book it 'd be interesting to see what odds they 'd give you on him getting a nomination let alone winning the thing . "  Jerome Champagne  an independent candidate  has been going for a year and is struggling to get over that hurdle . That 's going to be a huge task for them in three weeks to get the required nominations . " But Ginola 's optimism refused to waver as he conducted round after round of media interviews , bedecked in a sharp , blue suit . "  It is a serious challenge and I do care , " Ginola told CNN . "  I think it is brave to embrace this challenge . I knew there would be tough questions . " On the involvement of Paddy Power he said : "  Bookmakers are in the game and today thanks to them we have this opportunity to launch this campaign . " "  David Ginola is perfect man to front the bid , " Larkin added . "  This a real footballer raising his hand in a brave fashion saying ` I 'm willing to represent the fans . ' "  It 's a political game . No-one has more charisma , more charm or the people skills that David Ginola has . "  If we did n't think we had a real shot at getting five nominations we would n't waste anyone 's time . We respect the fans ' time -- they 've got better things to do than deal with stunts . "	David Ginola launches his bid to become president of FIFA in London Former footballer says he wants to "  reboot football " and rebuild trust Ginola is being for his involvement paid by a well-known bookmaker He must secure five nominations from FIFA members by January 29
CNN  -- Hurricane Sandy could affect as many as 60 million people across the eastern U.S. according to power officials . While some will only loose power , the strong winds , storm surge and pelting rain may cause unprecedented damage for others . Relief organizations are readying supplies and volunteers to respond as needed . Red Cross has opened 190 shelters along the Eastern Seaboard and has hundreds of disaster workers on standby with emergency supplies . "  Red cross will be here for weeks to come . This is a large-scale disaster response , " Red Cross spokeswoman Catherine Barde told CNN . "  And really we rely on the generosity of volunteers and the public to be able to support such service , whether it 's shelters , mass feeding , all of the services that we are going to be providing . To find out how to volunteer or make a donation to Red Cross , visit the organization 's website or text words "  RED CROSS " to 90999 to contribute $ 10 to disaster relief efforts . Red Cross is also asking that people in unaffected areas donate blood . The organization shipped supplies to hospitals along the East Coast prior to the storm , but many blood drives in the region have been cancelled which has led to a decrease in supply . Visit RedCrossBlood.org or call 1-800-RED-CROSS to learn more about blood donation or to schedule a donation appointment in your area . AmeriCares is working with health clinics , food banks and other agencies in vulnerable areas to make sure medical and emergency supplies are available where needed . The organization is preparing to ship chronic care medicine , first aid kits , and other relief supplies to help displaced families . Go online to make a donation to the AmeriCares Disaster Relief Fund . Salvation Army says it has hundreds of emergency response vehicles , including mobile canteens and kitchens , on standby . The vehicles will be able to provide thousands of meals to displaced people and first-responders in the storm 's wake . The organization is also providing shelter and hygiene kits for evacuees . For ways to volunteer or to make a contribution to the organization 's disaster relief fund , go online . World Vision is preparing for immediate disaster response and long-term recovery with a specific focus on the needs of children . The organization is readying 400 clean-up kits , 900 emergency food kits and 200 personal hygiene kits in the New York area and hundreds more along the East Coast . To support World Vision 's effort go online to make a donation or text "  GIVEUSA " to 777444 to make a $ 10 contribution to the organization 's disaster response . As the United States braces for the storm , the Caribbean is already cleaning up from the destruction Sandy left behind . Sandy claimed at least 67 lives , 51 in Haiti , as it crossed the region last week . International Medical Corps has been working in Haiti since 2010 . The organization has teams coordinating with local agencies in Haiti to provide emergency supplies and mobile medical units to hard-hit areas . Go online to support International Medical Corps ' emergency response and ongoing work in Haiti . Operation USA is working to provide access to safe water and support to hospitals and clinics in Cuba . The organization is also providing emergency assistance in Jacmel , Haiti . Donate to Operation USA online or by phone at 1-800-678-7255 or text "  AID " to 50555 to donate $ 10 to the organization 's disaster relief efforts . For those seeking assistance , you can apply for federal assistance and check the status of your application here . Users can take an anonymous questionnaire to determine which forms of assistance they may be eligible for , apply online , and check the status of the claim . If you are planning to give to a nonprofit other than any of those listed , make sure to verify that it 's legitimate . Charity evaluators like Guidestar and Charity Navigator are good ways to check that the organization you 're donating to is established , and that your funds will go where you intend .	Hurricane Sandy could affect as many as 60 million people Relief organizations are readying supplies and volunteers Red Cross , AmeriCares , Salvation Army and World Vision are preparing in the US International Medical Corps and Operation USA are providing aid to Haiti , Cuba
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- China surpassed the United States in 2008 as the world 's top user of the Internet , according to a government-backed research group . Nearly 91 percent of China 's Internet users are surfing the Web with a broadband connection . The number of Web surfers in the country grew by nearly 42 percent to 298 million , according to the China Internet Network Information Center 's January report . And there 's plenty of room for growth , as only about 1 in every 4 Chinese has Internet access . The rapid growth in China 's Internet use can be tied to its swift economic gains and the government 's push for the construction of telephone and broadband lines in the country 's vast rural areas , the report says . The Chinese government wants phone and broadband access in each village by 2010 . Nearly 91 percent of China 's Internet users are surfing the Web with a broadband connection -- an increase of 100 million from 2007 . Mobile phone Internet users totaled 118 million by the end of 2008 . While China 's Internet usage has been growing in leaps in bounds , the government limits the Web sites its citizens can visit . Learn more about China 's Internet censorship " Earlier this month , China released a blacklist of 19 major online portals and Web sites , including Google and Baidu , that it claims provide and spread pornographic or obscene content . The move came as several Chinese government agencies , including the Ministry of Public Security , launched a month-long campaign to clean up the Web , according to the state-run Xinhua news service . China has come under criticism for restricting Web access to ordinary citizens as well as on local and foreign media covering last year 's summer Olympics in Beijing . The U.S. State Department noted in a 2008 report that China had increased its efforts to "  control and censor the Internet , and the government had tightened restrictions on freedom of speech and the domestic press " and bloggers . In an interview with CNN 's Fareed Zakaria in September 2008 , Chinese Prime Minister Wen Jiabao said , "  the freedom of Internet in China is recognized by many , even from the West . " "  Nonetheless , to uphold state security , China , like many countries in the world , has also imposed some proper restrictions . That is for the safety , that is for the overall safety of the country and for the freedom of the majority of the people . " CNN 's Yuli Yang contributed to this report .	China was top user of the Internet in 2008 , says government-backed research group The number of Web surfers in the country grew by nearly 42 percent to 298 million Growth tied to economic gains , new telephone , broadband lines in rural areas Chinese government wants phone and broadband access in each village by 2010
CNN  -- It was his most famous speech , and the most memorable moment of the March on Washington . All eyes were on the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. on August 28 , 1963 , as he delivered his "  I Have a Dream " speech to a crowd of 250,000 . But one photographer , there to document the event , trained his camera away from the civil rights icon and toward the crowd . The result was a visual document showcasing the diversity of marchers who gathered that day . "  This is the Day : The March on Washington , " is a collection of 75 of Leonard Freed 's photographs -- most published for the first time -- taken before , during and after the March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom . Freed 's most recognizable image is likely a photo of King glad-handing supporters in Baltimore after receiving the Nobel Peace Prize in 1964 . But in "  This is the Day , " there is only one photograph of King , an atmospheric shot taken from afar . Most of the images focus on anonymous marchers : black , white ; union and nonunion ; secular , religious ; people from all over America , and from many different walks of life . "  Leonard Freed 's moving photography offers still images of an America at once frozen in time and marching restlessly to its multicultural and multiracial future through the lens of a visionary artist , " Michael Eric Dyson writes in the foreword to the book . Freed was an American Jew , born in Brooklyn , who spent time in Europe . He was living in Berlin in 1961 when he took a photo of an unnamed African-American soldier standing guard by the Berlin Wall . He was haunted by that image , according to Paul Farber , a contributing author to "  This is the Day . " "  To Freed  that encounter was a contradiction of American culture : that a soldier could guard a country 's freedom abroad , but would be denied those rights at home . " It compelled Freed to return to the United States to photograph the story of race in America . Freed 's wife , Brigitte , recalled those images when she heard then-candidate Barack Obama say : "  I am here because somebody marched . " Those words prompted her to revisit her husband 's archives from the March on Washington . Her husband died in 2006 , but she hoped his images of that day would live on . She worked with Farber , a visiting assistant professor of writing at Haverford College , to curate the project , and "  This is the Day : The March on Washington " was born . In this edited conversation , CNN spoke to Farber about Leonard Freed 's photographs from the march and the importance of images in communicating the message of the civil rights movement . CNN : As a co-curator of the project , how did you and Ms. Brigitte decide which images to select ? What criteria was used ? Farber : What we did was look  at photographs  that Leonard had marked with a wax pencil , meaning this was an image he liked or would like to explore . We also sought images from the perspective of now , decades later , which images might stand out and be important to a contemporary viewer -- especially the ones that give us a view of the faces of the crowd . The goal was always that Leonard 's own vision might be brought out from the day , but also that other images might participate in a broadened cultural awareness of the sweeping diversity and impact of the march . CNN : What would you say is the most powerful image from this collection ? Why ? Farber : One in particular that stands out is of young women in zip-up NAACP jackets standing at the base of the Washington Monument with American flags waving behind them . I think what you get a sense of is it took people out of their everyday circumstances and brought them together , here , against this monumental landscape of the National Mall . This was the people 's gathering place . And using their presence as a way to create a collective -- that stands out -- and states belonging . The photograph to me is a feeling of a belonging . CNN : Martin Luther King Jr. 's "  I Have a Dream " speech is perhaps the most enduring symbol of the march . What do the photos reveal that history often forgets ? Farber : One of the great historical facts about the march was the difficulty in pulling off an event that was pioneered by a number of organizations and individuals with different definitions and investments of social change at the march . I see  the rich diversity of the "  we " : Although there are different groups and investments , you get a sense from photographs like these that it 's not an "  us " and a "  them " but a "  we " . It 's not to erase the differences , or simply streamline them , but in co-existing , you get a richer vision of what social change can be . CNN : How was this photography critical in the message of the march ? Farber : Leonard captured some important private reflective movements . It 's a lesson for us in thinking about great moments in history : what it takes to envision progress or possibility is both about moving forward and also about considering and questioning and stopping -- and having the patience for social change . Part of what photography gives us is ... a sense of the high points of these great moments in history , as well as the unexpected glances that really capture the subjects  as  they have their own thoughts and own ideas ,  and  relate to the broader group 's perception throughout the day .	"  This is the Day : The March on Washington " is a photo essay of the March on Washington The book shows many of the people who participated in the march Images from the march were important in remembering the message , the co-producer says
CNN  -- If you 're still querying any economic freeze between Russia and the West , digest this line from VTB bank the day Europe 's sanctions took effect : The European Union "  have gone against their own interests to do the bidding of their senior colleagues from across the ocean , " the Russian financial giant said . That 's a publicly-traded , Western-style bank bluntly calling European governments lapdogs of the U.S. It 's not a statement likely to win Western business in the future . To be clear , these sanctions could never have been agreed by the divided , 28-nation bloc if 298 people had not been blown out of the sky over Ukraine . This is an unparalleled precedent set by the EU , a group that hardly ever agrees on anything of substance . It has now taken steps that will harm its own economy in order to stand up to Russia . The sanctions are tough , but have holes . France , for example , can still deliver a pre-paid Mistral-class warship to Russia . And the European branches of Russia 's big banks can still operate as normal . But European companies are suffering . Adidas is closing stores in Russia in anticipation of deteriorating sales . Volkswagen and Renault have already noted a slowdown that pre-dates the sanctions . Industrial and engineering giant Siemens has said it sees a "  serious risk " to European growth as a result of the sanctions . These companies are not complaining and are not taking sides . They are doing due diligence and telling their shareholders the rules have changed and they expect an adverse impact . In London , there is debate as to whether the city will suffer . Luxury homes , car sales , art and wine investment , private school enrollment and football teams have all benefited from Russian investments . I believe the city could see upside . The Financial Times has reported the numbers of Russians putting their children into posh private schools is soaring . The Times has reported oligarchs are contemplating suing the EU or the individual governments to remove them from sanctions lists , and the best place for that is London 's High Court . Such cases will generate significant fees for London 's lawyers and public relations firms . However , Russian firms contemplating listing on the London Stock Exchange may pause , out of caution investors could shy away . I do wonder if changing sentiment will generate the most long-term pain between Europe and Russia . More sectors could be hit as financiers fear future sanctions and retaliation from Moscow , deals could dry up and finance could flee . That , in turn , could put a chill on European firms doing deals in Russia even if they are is not impacted by sanctions . An economic cold wind , if not war , is certainly blowing through the financial capitals of Europe . Read more : Europe hits Russia 's biggest banks	The European Union introduced a new round of sanctions against Russia this week Jim Boulden says MH17 disaster forced the EU to reach agreement on the sanctions EU has now taken steps that will harm its own economy in order to stand up to Russia , he writes
Rolling Stone  -- Aerosmith have moved the release date for "  Music From Another Dimension , " their first album in 11 years , back from August 28th to November 6th , frontman Steven Tyler revealed during a call to Cleveland radio station 100.7 WMMS . "  It 's pushed back because too many people are releasing those weeks , and we do n't want to step on their release dates , " said Tyler . "  So we said , ` You know what , we got the goods -- ai n't no doubt about -LSB- it -RSB- . We 'll wait a couple months . ' " "  Music From Another Dimension " will be the band 's first LP since 2001 's "  Just Push Play . " The group debuted the record 's first single , "  Legendary Child , " during the season finale of "  American Idol " last month , but the song has failed to gain traction on both the Billboard and iTunes charts . Tyler also mentioned on-air that Sony will release two more singles before the album drops in November . One of those tracks could be the blues-tinged rocker "  Oh Yeah , " which the band debuted last week at the Minneapolis kick-off of their Global Warming tour , which finds them trekking across North America alongside Cheap Trick throughout the summer . "  We accomplished what we set out to do , which was write some stuff so we could represent who we were in the old days , " Tyler told WMMS . "  After all these years , you can become something other than you started out to be -- and I 'm not saying that 's a bad thing -- but we kinda love our rock and I love the diversity of this band ... I thought that was one of the secrets that Aerosmith had that other bands did n't -- a little bit of this , a little bit of that . " Read the full story at RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	Aerosmith have moved the release date for their album back from August to November "  Music From Another Dimension " will be their first album in 11 years Frontman Steven Tyler said it was pushed back because of other artists ' release dates
CNN  -- Virginia Tech has accepted a committee 's recommendation not to build an indoor sports-training facility in the area known as the stadium woods -- a densely wooded area behind the Blacksburg football stadium . Earlier this year , environmentalists became enraged when they were informed of the university 's plan to build a state-of-the-art practice facility in the old-growth forest , where some of the trees are 150 to more than 300 years old . The blueprint had called for at least 60 trees to be cut down for the facility . Virginia Tech Forestry professor John Seiler explained the significance of the old-growth trees to CNN while tracing a tree sample in his office earlier this summer . "  That 's the walk on the moon , World War II , World War I. Here 's Virginia Tech , founded shortly after the Civil War , " he said , pointing to the rings on a strip of trunk from one of the 11-acre woods ' elderly residents . Read more about the tree-boring process Seiler and others quickly formed the organization , Friends of Stadium Woods , and an online petition was launched to sway the university and athletic department . The petition was signed by more than 10,000 people nationwide . Virginia Tech President Charles W. Steger got wind of the controversy and appointed a 15-person committee in January to make a recommendation on whether the facility should be built at the stadium woods location or somewhere else . The committee deliberated for months , surveying students , faculty and staff . They received more than 500 e-mails from the public with varying opinions . In early June , the committee handed their recommendations to the school 's Board of Visitors . Committee Chair John Randolph said it was "  in the university 's best interest " to build the facility at a different location . The determining factor ended up being the "  social importance " of the stadium woods , Randolph said . In the end , Sherwood Wilson , Virginia Tech 's vice president of administrative services , recommended to Steger that the university accept the committee 's recommendation . Wilson further directed his staff to "  evaluate other potential sites . " Steger accepted Wilson 's recommendation and , according to university spokesman Larry Hincker , they are now "  going back to the drawing board . " Friends of Stadium Woods released a statement saying they were "  pleased " the university had accepted the committee 's recommendation . However , the statement said , the group had hoped the university would preserve the woods with a conservation easement , which would permanently prevent any development on the land . According to a university statement , the school does n't plan to "  place the woods in a conservation easement or give a special designation to the property . " Hincker said it would not be in the best interest for the university 's "  long-range planning " because it would "  tie future generations to something that  university officials  really have n't had an opportunity to analyze . " The office of university architect will now be tasked with finding another location for the sports-training facility . In the meantime , the university will continue to raise money to fund the project .	After petition , Virginia Tech to seek alternative location for state-of-art sports facility Many trees in the growth forest are more than 150 years old , others possibly 300 Conservation group disappointed university would not protect forest permanently "  Back to the drawing board " : School to consider other potential sites for building
Washington  CNN  -- Several shots have been fired at the National Museum of the Marine Corps building in Virginia , the FBI said Friday . No injuries were reported . It is the second time the Marine Corps museum in Triangle , Virginia , has been fired on in recent days . The Pentagon and a vacant Marine Corps Recruiting Station in Virginia also were shot at recently . All the previous shots came from the same weapon , authorities said . Federal officials said they believe that the person taking the late-night shots at military-related buildings has a grievance against the institution of the Marine Corps but not the men and women serving in the Marines . The officials said at a news conference that they want to talk with the shooter . "  We 'd like to know what this grievance is and what we can do to try to resolve it , " said John Perren , assistant director of the FBI 's Washington field office . The latest incident occurred Thursday night , said Gwen Adams , spokeswoman at the National Museum of the Marine Corps . No one was in the building at the time , she said . New bullet holes were found in the glass and metal structure of the building but not inside , Adams said . The new damage was found during a routine inspection , officials said . The bullet holes were on the western side of the building , which faces Interstate 95 , the FBI said . The shots probably came from the interstate , said Maj. Mike Crosbie of the Prince William County , Virginia , police department . The museum was closed Friday morning while the investigation continued , Adams said . It will remain closed for the rest of the day , she said . There were no plans Friday to cancel or postpone Sunday 's Marine Corps Marathon or any events connected with it , race spokeswoman Tami Faram said . Additional security measures have been taken , however , to bolster an "  already robust plan " for security at the marathon , Col. Daniel J. Choike , the commander of Marine Corps Base Quantico , said Friday .	NEW : The FBI says the shooter probably has grievance against the Marine Corps NEW : Federal officials say they want to speak with the shooter about complaints It is the second attack on the Marine Corps museum in recent days Two other military buildings in the Washington area also have been fired upon
CNN  -- Barcelona will have to wait at least one more week to wrap up a fourth La Liga title in five seasons after they could only draw 2-2 against Athletic Bilbao on Saturday . The Catalans needed to win their match and hope Real Madrid lost their derby game against Atletico to guarantee the title , but neither result transpired -- Real beat their city rivals 2-1 to reduce the arrears to 11 points . Having been on the receiving end of a Champions League mauling at the hands of Bayern Munich in midweek , Barcelona 's weekend got off to an equally dismal start as Bilbao took the lead in the 27th minute when Markel Susaeta scored from close range . Lionel Messi came off the bench to steer Barca back into the match , levelling the scores with another sublime individual effort in the 67th minute -- his 44th in 33 league games -- before Alexis Sanchez made it 2-1 three minutes later . Blog : Does responsibility come with superstar status ? Another win seemed assured until the 90th minute when Ander Herrera scored for the home side , guiding the ball past Victor Valdes . Real also conceded first in the match against their city rivals at the Vicente Calderon -- Radamel Falcao opening the scoring in the fourth minute . But the lead only lasted nine minutes as defender Juanfran deflected an Angel di Maria free kick into his own net . Di Maria was on hand again in the second half latching onto to a pass from Karim Benzema in the 62nd minute before firing home the winner past Belgian goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois . Atletico remain in third , 13 points ahead of fourth-place Real Sociedad who can close the gap if they beat Valencia on Sunday . In Saturday 's other matches , Celta Vigo beat Levante 1-0 while Zaragoza moved off the bottom of the table after beating fellow strugglers Mallorca 3-2 . Meanwhile in Serie A , second-place Napoli reduced the arrears with Juventus to eight points after a 3-0 win at bottom side Pescara . Udinese 's 1-0 win over Cagliari sees them move up to fifth place , four points behind Fiorentina , who travel to Sampdoria on Sunday . Atalanta and Bologna played out a 1-1 draw . Leaders Juventus travel to Torino on Sunday while third place AC Milan host Catania .	Barcelona fourth title in five seasons not yet confirmed after 2-2 draw at Bilbao Real Madrid beat city rivals Atletico 2-1 in Madrid derby Napoli close gap on Juventus to eight points after 3-0 win at Pescara
CNN  -- Maybe you know the phrase : "  Get off the phone ! " It was commonly heard in American households in the years when land-line telephones were the only phones there were . The bellowing might come from your dad , your sister -- from whoever in your family wanted to use the telephone , and who felt that you had been monopolizing it for too many minutes : "  Get off the phone ! " The admonition seemed to have disappeared once cell phones gained ascendancy , and everyone suddenly had their own personal , portable phones . Your phone was yours and yours alone . Who could tell you to hang up ? Well , we all may be about to find out . From the government , to professional associations , to business owners , a common and serious-minded accord appears to be forming . So do n't be at all surprised if 2012 turns out to be the year when a national chorus of voices joins together to say ... You know . Get off the phone . The National Transportation Safety Board has called for a nationwide ban on the use of cell phones by drivers . This would include hands-free devices as well as hand-held phones . The reasoning is basic : Drivers distracted by phone calls are a danger ; drivers who send or receive text messages while behind the wheel , or who play games or update social networks on their phones , are as potentially deadly as drunken drivers . "  No call , no text , no update is worth a human life , " said NTSB chairman Deborah Hersman . She 's right , of course , and if the proposal had been made in the days before cell phones became popular , there would be little controversy over it . Make telephone calls while driving ? It would have sounded preposterous -- what were you supposed to do , get a 50-mile-long extension cord ? -- and motorists would have instinctively understood the perils . The first rule of safety , drilled into generations of beginning drivers : Keep both hands on the wheel and your eyes on the road . But it is far from certain that the NTSB will get its way . The recommendation is for the 50 states to pass no-phones-while-driving laws . Elected legislators can be expected to be hesitant about upsetting their constituents . The problem is that they would be taking away something citizens are already doing every day , and that many motorists would resist giving up . Yet the same person who bristles when told that he or she should not be allowed to talk on the phone while behind the wheel -- "  What if it 's an emergency ? I have to at least answer the phone to find out " -- likely would have a different reaction when asked , on a dark , rainy , wind-swept night : You 're on a two-lane road . You see a car coming around the next turn . Do you want that other driver to be in the middle of a phone call , or texting ? The distractions and temptations inherent to constant cell phone use extend well beyond the highways . Matt Richtel of the New York Times recently reported about a troubling situation at hospitals and doctors ' offices : Physicians and staff members have constant access to smartphones , tablets and computers , which are supposed to make them more efficient . But Richtel reported instances of "  a neurosurgeon making personal calls during an operation , a nurse checking airfares during surgery and a poll showing that half of technicians running bypass machines had admitted texting during a procedure . " Dr. Peter J. Papadakos , director of critical care at the University of Rochester  N.Y.  Medical Center , told Richtel : "  You walk around the hospital , and what you see is not funny ... My gut feeling is lives are in danger . " Business owners and associations have , for years , quietly been trying to come up with workplace rules that will allow them to get a full day 's work from their employees , while not infuriating those same employees who are accustomed to having their cell phones always turned on . It 's another case of the horse having long ago escaped from the barn , and leaving the door wide open . In the days before cell phones , if business owners had been asked to allow their employees to install personal phone lines and use the phones whenever they wished , it would have sounded like a joke . The owners would have said : Of course not . This is work . But , in the wireless era , it happened almost before anyone noticed . In Lewiston , Idaho , Peggy Hayden , a writer for the business section of the Lewiston Tribune , surveyed business owners in north-central Idaho and southeastern Washington . Many reported a "  Get off the phone ! " policy . "  It 's not what I am paying them for , " Derek Weinmann , a food store manager , told Hayden for her story . He said cell phone use on company time was simply not allowed . Restaurant operator Bruce Finch told Hayden : "  Employees should leave their phones in their cars , or they can leave them in a basket in the manager 's office . " James Nash , spokesman for a manufacturing firm , said signs are posted telling employees that cell phones are not permitted on the factory floor . But what about bosses around the country who call or text employees on their cell phones after the employees have gone home for the day , or the weekend ? Should n't this cut both ways ? If cell phones and personal calls are banned at work , should n't employers be expected to provide overtime payment to their employees for work-related calls made , and text messages sent , to them after business hours ? The NTSB is committed as can be about the push to outlaw cell phones in cars . "  The time to act is now , " said chairman Hersman . "  How many more lives will be lost before we , as a society , change our attitudes about the deadliness of distractions ? " Plenty of lives , undoubtedly . But the NTSB is likely to fail in its effort . That horse that escaped from the barn is galloping down the road . Past miles and miles of cars whose drivers are in the middle of phone calls , confident that they -- if not the other guy -- can easily handle it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : There is growing chorus of officials , employers urging less cell phone use He says NTSB warns against use in cars ; bosses pushing back on personal calls at work He says cell-phone distractions even affect surgeons and nurses ; cut productivity Greene : It may be impossible to take people 's freedom of cell use away from them
CNN  -- Iran 's Cabinet has authorized the construction of another 10 uranium enrichment plants , its state news agency announced Sunday , further defying international calls to halt its production of nuclear fuel . The Iranian Cabinet approved existing plans for five more facilities similar to its current plant at Natanz and ordered planning for five more to begin , the Islamic Republic News Agency reported . The dispatch quoted Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad as saying that the new plants will be used to produce fuel for civilian nuclear power stations . The move comes two days after the International Atomic Energy Agency , the U.N. nuclear watchdog , passed a resolution demanding that Iran stop construction on a previously secret nuclear facility at Qom . The agency also repeated calls for Iran to stop its uranium enrichment program . The IAEA said it would not comment on Sunday 's announcement . But in Washington , White House spokesman Robert Gibbs called the announcement "  another example of Iran choosing to isolate itself . " "  The international community has made clear that Iran has rights , but with those rights come responsibilities , " Gibbs said in a written statement . "  As the overwhelming IAEA board of governors vote made clear , time is running out for Iran to address the international community 's growing concerns about its nuclear program . " Enriched uranium can be used to fuel power plants -- or , if enriched to a much higher concentration , it can be used to make a nuclear bomb . Iran has said its uranium enrichment program is aimed at producing fuel for civilian power plants . But the United States and other countries have accused Tehran of working toward nuclear weapons , and the IAEA 's Friday resolution stated that Iran 's refusal to comply with international demands "  does not contribute to the building of confidence . " The resolution had the support of Russia and China -- which had resisted earlier efforts to impose strong sanctions on Iran -- as well as the United States , Britain , France and Germany . The United States warned Friday that it was prepared to push for significantly stronger economic sanctions on Tehran following the resolution , but said Iran could receive benefits if it fully discloses all nuclear activities to the IAEA . Iran says it has a right to produce nuclear fuel under the 1968 Non-Proliferation Treaty , which bars member states from pursuing nuclear weapons and requires international inspectors to have access to nuclear facilities . "  We have friendly and kind relations with the whole world , but we will not allow even the slightest denial of Iran 's rights , " IRNA quoted Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad as telling government ministers . And Iranian Parliament Speaker Ali Larijani criticized the IAEA resolution Sunday , warning that continued international pressure could force Iran "  to seek another path which will seriously change our cooperation with the agency , " IRNA reported . Iran says the goal of the plants authorized Sunday would be to produce enough enriched uranium to yield about 20,000 megawatts of electricity a year . Iran currently has one nuclear power plant , which has yet to begin full operation , and announced plans in 2007 to build 19 more . By comparison , 65 nuclear power plants in the United States produced about 800,000 megawatts of power in 2007 , according to the U.S. Department of Energy . In his final report to the IAEA 's governing board , outgoing Director General Mohamed ElBaradei said the agency has been able to verify that no known stocks of nuclear fuel have been diverted from authorized uses . But he said inspectors "  have effectively reached a dead end " without further Iranian cooperation . "  There has been no movement on remaining issues of concern which need to be clarified for the agency to verify the exclusively peaceful nature of Iran 's nuclear program , " he said . In addition , Iran has so far refused to sign an agreement with France , Russia and the United States to send its uranium stocks abroad for enrichment in exchange for fuel for a research reactor that produces radioisotopes used for cancer treatment . In Israel , which has called Iran 's nuclear program to the dominant threat facing the country , there was no immediate comment from Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 's office on Sunday 's development . Israel is believed to have its own nuclear arsenal , though it has never declared itself a nuclear power . CNN 's Kevin Flower and Per Nyberg contributed to this report .	Iranian president says new plants will produce fuel for civilian power plants Cabinet approves five plants like existing one , says to start planning for five more "  Time is running out for Iran to address ... concerns , " White House says Move comes days after U.N. nuclear watchdog told Iran to stop work on nuke facility
