The 2014 Rock and Roll Hall of Fame induction ceremony Thursday celebrated some of the industry 's greatest legends the best way it knew how : by turning up the music . Along with the typical acceptance speeches at the 2014 event were some performances so awe-inspiring one of them kept going long after the show was done . Held in Brooklyn 's Barclays Center , the Rock Hall of Fame welcomed six new members : Nirvana , KISS , Hall & Oates , Cat Stevens  now known as Yusuf Islam  , Linda Ronstadt and Peter Gabriel . Gabriel was the first to take the stage on Thursday , performing his cut "  Digging in the Dirt " from 1992 's "  Us . " He then brought out Coldplay 's Chris Martin -- who gave Gabriel 's induction speech -- to duet with him on "  Washing of the Water , " followed by a performance of "  In Your Eyes " with Senegalese musician Youssou N'Dour . Perhaps Gabriel helped set a mood of kindness and peace , because when all four original members of KISS took the stage there was n't a trace of their famous animosity to be seen . Inducted by Tom Morello -- a known KISS fan who crowed that "  Kiss was never a critics ' band . Kiss was a people 's band ! " -- Gene Simmons , Ace Frehley , Paul Stanley and Peter Criss seemed sincere when they accepted their honor . "  This is a profound moment for all of us . We are humbled that the fans gave us the chance to do what we love doing , " Simmons said . "  And so I 'm here just to say a few kind words about the four knuckleheads who , 40 years ago , got together and decided to put together the band that you see on stage , critics be damned . ... We would n't be here today without the initial Fantastic Four . " There was n't a performance from KISS , but there were plenty more to look forward to : Stevens gave a rendition of "  Father And Son " accompanied by an acoustic guitar , Hall & Oates performed classics like "  I Ca n't Go For That , " and the E Street Band took on "  The River " and "  Kitty 's Back " after receiving the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame 's Award for Musical Excellence from none other than the Boss himself . "  I thank you my beautiful men and women of E Street , " Springsteen said in a speech that dug back to the group 's very beginning . "  You made me dream and love bigger than I could have ever without you . And tonight I stand here with just one regret : that  the late  Danny  Federici  and Clarence  Clemons  could n't be with us here tonight . " And then , there was the tribute to Nirvana , eerily timed to come within days of the 20th anniversary of Kurt Cobain 's death . R.E.M. 's Michael Stipe inducted the landmark rock group , calling them "  singular , loud and melodic and deeply original . ... Nirvana defined a moment , a movement for outsiders , from the fags and the fat girls to the shy nerds and the goth kids in Tennessee and Kentucky , for the rockers to the awkward to the too-smart kids and the bullied . We were a community . " That community included Cobain 's widow , Courtney Love , who was subdued Thursday when she took the stage to accept the recognition along with Dave Grohl , Krist Novoselic and members of Cobain 's family , including his mother . "  He would have been so proud , " Cobain 's mother , Wendy , said of her son . "  He 'd say he was n't , but he would be . " While some may have been expecting Love to embrace her Love-ness and deliver one of the most talked about moments of the night , she was focused on family . "  I have a big speech , but I 'm not going to say it . ... This is my family I 'm looking at right now , " she said , as she pushed past her tension with Grohl to walk over to him and give him a hug . "  I just wish Kurt was here to see this , " she concluded . For their performance , Nirvana recruited some top talent , from Joan Jett to Kim Gordon to Lorde , to help them light a fire with "  Smells Like Teen Spirit " and "  All Apologies . " According to Pitchfork , their collaboration continued into the early hours of Friday morning as Nirvana , joined by St. Vincent , Joan Jett and Kim Gordon , headed over to a secret show .	The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame inducted a new class on Thursday Inductees Peter Gabriel , Cat Stevens and Hall & Oates performed Nirvana gave an emotional induction speech and performance The 2014 ceremony was the first time it was held in Brooklyn
CNN  -- Notre Dame star linebacker Manti Te'o acknowledged to ABC 's Katie Couric that he maintained the illusion of his dead girlfriend in the weeks after he received a call claiming that Lennay Kekua and her death were hoaxes . It was n't that teo was lying , said spokesman Mathew Hiltzik , who also reportedly represents Couric . Rather , he was still trying to determine exactly what had happened after learning a woman he thought was his girlfriend may never have existed . Opinion : Te'o story , big fail for sportswriters During the interview , set to air on Couric 's syndicated show Thursday , the Heisman Trophy runner-up said he mentioned Kekua and her death to reporters after receiving a December 6 phone call from someone he thought was Kekua , saying she was not dead . "  Katie , put yourself in my situation . I , my whole world told me that she died on September 12 . Everybody knew that . This girl , who I committed myself to , died on September 12 , " Te'o said , according to clips released on the ABC News website . Te'o has said he believed Kekua , whom he thought was his girlfriend despite never meeting her face to face , had died of leukemia on September 12 after a car accident left her hospitalized . "  Now I get a phone call on December 6 , saying that she 's alive and then I 'm going be put on national TV two days later . And to ask me about the same question . You know , what would you do ? " Te'o said , according to clips of the interview . Opinion : Why we fell for Manti Te'o story On December 8 , ahead of the Heisman Trophy presentation , Te'o said he "  lost both my grandparents and my girlfriend to cancer . " In a New York Post interview published more than three weeks later , Te'o said memories of his grandfather helped him cope with the losses of his grandmother and girlfriend , whom he 'd previously said died on the same day . "  So when I lost my grandmother and Lennay , I thought of him . He was my strength , " Te'o told the Post , according to a December 30 article . It was true that his grandmother had died , but Te'o conceded that he mentioned Kekua again even after -- as Couric put it -- he "  knew that something was amiss , " according to the interview clips . While he said he did n't know whether the now-debunked storyline helped him place second in Heisman Trophy voting , he insisted his emotions surrounding Kekua 's loss were authentic . "  What I went through was real . You know , the feelings , the pain , the sorrow -- that was all real , and that 's something that I ca n't fake , " he said . Who 's who on the Internet ? Who knows Couric said she believes Te'o sincerely thought he was having a relationship with Kekua . Couric said she heard voice mail messages on Te'o 's phone , allegedly from Kekua , and even saw his phone bill . "  There were multiple calls to this number , where he would stay on the phone for hours , " Couric told ABC 's "  World News with Diane Sawyer " on Wednesday . Te'o denied reveling in the attention he received for playing so outstandingly on the gridiron after suffering such devastating personal losses . "  I think , for me , the only thing that I basked in was that I had an impact on people ; that people turned to me for inspiration . And I think that was the only thing I focused on , " the Hawaii-born Mormon said . "  My story , I felt , was a guy who in times of hardship and in times of trial , held strong to his faith , held strong to his family , and I felt that was my story . " Te'o 's parents , Brian and Ottilia Te'o , were on hand for the interview . Couric said she believes they were as stunned as their son when they found out Kekua did n't exist . Te'o 's mother talked to the woman many times on the phone , and his father texted biblical passages to the woman and discussed them with her , Couric said . Te'o 's father was quoted in an October article in the South Bend Tribune , saying his son and Kekua had met at a football game in Palo Alto , California , and exchanged numbers . Their love affair ensued from there , the paper reported . Manti Te'o : A linebacker , a made-up girlfriend and a national hoax Last week , Te'o said , however , that he had lied to his dad because he was embarrassed to admit he was in love with a woman he 'd never laid eyes on . "  I knew that -- I even knew that it was crazy that I was with somebody that I did n't meet , " he told ESPN . "  And that alone , people find out that this girl who died I was so invested in , and I did n't meet her as well . " Asked his response to those who say his son is a liar who "  manipulated the truth , really for personal gain , " Te'o 's father gave a tearful reply , according to ABC . "  People can speculate about what they think he is . I 've known him 21 years of his life , and he 's not a liar . He 's a kid , " Te'o 's father told Couric . Questions have also been raised about Te'o telling Sports Illustrated in October that Kekua had attended one of his games , when he issued a statement last week saying he 'd never met her . Because ABC News has made public only snippets of the interview , it 's not clear which parts of the hoax Te'o will address , but the Notre Dame standout has said he 's sure he 'll be vindicated . Read a timeline of events in the Te'o hoax "  When  people  hear the facts , they 'll know , " Te'o told ESPN last week . "  They 'll know that there is no way that I could be part of this . " Nine days after the Alabama Crimson Tide dismantled the Fighting Irish in the college football national championship , Deadspin broke the story that Kekua did n't exist . The oft-irreverent sports news website has reported that a man named Ronaiah Tuiasosopo is involved in the scam and that he created a fake Twitter account for Kekua . Deadspin 's Timothy Burke , co-author of the story , said friends and relatives of Tuiasosopo 's said he was "  doing the Lennay Kekua fake online profile for several years and that he 's caught other people in his trap , but that they caught on way earlier than Manti Te'o did . " Diane O'Meara , whose photo was used for the fake account , told NBC 's "  Today " show that she 'd never spoken to Te'o but that Tuiasosopo called her to apologize . "  Ronaiah has called and not only confessed , but he has also apologized , but I do n't think there 's anything you could say to me that would fix this , " she said . Watch a clip of O'Meara 's interview Te'o , likewise , told ESPN that Tuiasosopo tweeted him after the Deadspin story broke , saying he was behind the hoax . He apologized , Te'o said . "  Two guys and a girl are responsible for the whole thing , " Te'o said , according to ESPN . An anonymous Notre Dame source told CNN the university 's investigation yielded the same conclusion -- that two men and a woman perpetrated the hoax . At least one of Tuiasosopo 's relatives has defended him , though . His uncle told CNN , "  It definitely takes two to tango , " and , "  This is not just a matter of blaming it all on Ronaiah . " Tuiasosopo 's father had no comment . Burke said he is n't buying the notion that Te'o is innocent and emphasizes that Te'o and Tuiasosopo knew each other . "  How dense would Manti Te'o have to be to not realize this was his friend who was behind the account the entire time ? " he asked . "  I do n't believe Manti Te'o could be that dumb . " CNN 's Steve Almasy , Lateef Mungin , Greg Botelho and Paul Vercammen contributed to this report .	NEW : Publicist says Manti Te'o was simply trying to learn truth after learning of hoax Katie Couric says Te'o 's phone bill shows long phone calls to Kekua 's alleged number Te'o insists during interview that his "  feelings , the pain , the sorrow -- that was all real " Father breaks into tears , says despite speculation , his son is "  not a liar . He 's a kid . "
CNN  -- In the moments before his death , American James Foley stares into the camera , head held high , after being forced to read a script , in which he blames his death on the United States . A masked man wielding a knife then decapitates him . As horrifying as Foley 's last moments were , it was not the first time Foley looked death in the face at the hands of ISIS . A new report from The New York Times states that Foley and other ISIS captives were threatened with execution , tortured and starved ahead of their beheadings . Foley had been singled out for particularly harsh treatment by the group that calls itself the Islamic State , according to the Times -- he was subject to beatings , waterboarding and "  mock executions . " The Times says it compiled the information by interviewing five former hostages , local witnesses , relatives and colleagues of the detainees , among others . Foley , a 40-year-old freelance journalist , was reporting for GlobalPost and Agence France Presse when he was abducted in 2012 . He was the first Western hostage to be beheaded by ISIS on camera . After Foley , the militant group beheaded three other Western hostages -- Steven Sotloff , an American journalist who wrote for Time magazine ; David Haines , a British aid worker ; and Alan Henning , a British taxi driver who traveled to Syria to deliver food and water to those affected by the country 's Civil War . American aid worker in Syria , Abdul Rahman Kassig , who served in the U.S. Army and was deployed to Iraq , was identified by ISIS as their next captive in line to be killed . British photojournalist John Cantlie is also being held by ISIS . He has narrated a series of apparently scripted propaganda videos for the Sunni militant group . Cantlie is one of three remaining Western hostages according to the Times , along with Kassig and a woman who has not been named . Most of the hostages who were released came from countries which the Times says has a history of paying ransoms . A report from the Times in July alleged that by paying ransoms , European countries have influenced terror groups , including ISIS , to target people for kidnapping .	The New York Times reports that ISIS tortured its captives before beheading them James Foley was singled out for particularly harsh treatment , according to the Times Some European hostages have been released by ISIS
CNN  -- A black Agriculture Department employee who resigned after a video clip surfaced of her talking about a white farmer said Tuesday her remarks were taken out of context . Shirley Sherrod , the department 's former state director of rural development for Georgia , told CNN the incident she discusses in the clip took place more than two decades ago -- and that she recounted it to an audience to make the point that people should move beyond race . "  I was speaking to that group , like I 've done many groups , and I tell them about a time when I thought the issue was race and race only , " Sherrod told CNN 's "  American Morning " from her home in Albany , Georgia . The incident took place in 1986 , while she worked for a nonprofit and before she worked for the USDA , she said . "  I was telling the story of how working with him helped me to see the issue is not about race . It 's about those who have versus those who do not have . " Sherrod resigned Monday after conservative media outlets aired the video , in which she says she did not give the white farmer "  the full force of what I could do " to help him avoid foreclosure . Conservative website publisher Andrew Breitbart originally posted the video , which was quickly picked up by Fox News . The video claims Sherrod 's remarks were delivered March 27 to an NAACP Freedom Fund banquet , but it is not clear that is the case , nor is it clear where the event was held or how many people were in attendance . The poor-quality video shows Sherrod telling her audience that the farmer she was working with "  took a long time ... trying to show me he was superior to me . " As a result , she said , she "  did n't give him the full force of what I could do . I did enough . " To prove she had done her job , she said , she took him to a white lawyer . "  I figured that if I take him to one of them , that his own kind would take care of him , " she said . Sherrod mentioned that the lawyer would help the farmer with a bankruptcy filing but did not say in the clip whether his farm was saved . She told CNN that at the time , she was working with a nonprofit association aimed at assisting farmers in Georgia and the Southeast . In the end , she said , the lawyer did not help the farmer and she "  had to frantically find a lawyer who would file a Chapter 11 to stop the foreclosure . " She said she , the farmer and his wife wound up being friends . Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack said Monday he had accepted Sherrod 's resignation . "  There is zero tolerance for discrimination at USDA , and I strongly condemn any act of discrimination against any person , " Vilsack said . "  We have been working hard through the past 18 months to reverse the checkered civil rights history at the department and take the issue of fairness and equality very seriously . " Sherrod told the Atlanta Journal-Constitution there were white people , including a mayor , at the banquet where she spoke . "  Why would I do something racist if they were there ? " The NAACP issued a statement late Monday backing Vilsack 's decision . "  Racism is about the abuse of power . Sherrod had it in her position at USDA . According to her remarks , she mistreated a white farmer in need of assistance because of his race , " said Benjamin Todd Jealous , president and CEO of the civil rights group . "  We are appalled by her actions , just as we are with abuses of power against farmers of color and female farmers . " "  Her actions were shameful , " Jealous continued . "  While she went on to explain in the story that she ultimately realized her mistake , as well as the common predicament of working people of all races , she gave no indication she had attempted to right the wrong she had done to this man . " Sherrod said it was "  unfortunate that the NAACP would make a statement without even checking to see what happened . This was 24 years ago , and I 'm telling a story to try to unite people . " She said she tried to explain to USDA officials , "  but for some reason , the stuff Fox and the Tea Party does is scaring the administration . I told them to get the whole tape and look at the whole tape and see how I tell people we have to get beyond race and work together . " Asked why did she resigned instead of fought , Sherrod said , "  I did n't have any support from USDA . What would I do ? " James Peterson , assistant professor of English and Africana studies at Bucknell University in Lewisburg , Pennsylvania , called the clip "  a textbook case of institutional racism . Historically , it 's been white against black , or white against whatever person of color is in question , but this is still institutional racism . We ca n't endorse it . " But he said , given later remarks made by Sherrod in the clip , "  it 's clear that this is an anecdote ... It is clear she is using this as an anecdote to talk about how she 's progressed from this moment , and we ca n't let the weight of historical issues with race shape our individual issues . "  I think she is using this an anecdote to work through her own issues but also to show the audience we can move beyond and transcend some of these circumstances , " he said . The conservative media outlets tied the video to the NAACP 's recent resolution calling on the Tea Party movement to repudiate racist elements within it that have displayed such items as images of President Barack Obama with a bone through his nose and the White House with a lawn full of watermelons . The controversy has led one Tea Party group to oust another because of a blog posting by the second group 's leader . Tea Party Express leader Mark Williams posted on his blog a faux letter from NAACP president Benjamin Jealous to President Abraham Lincoln in which Williams ridicules the organization 's use of "  colored " in its historic name and uses multiple other stereotypes to bolster his point . The National Tea Party Foundation expelled Williams ' organization from its coalition as a result .	Shirley Sherrod says her remarks were taken out of context Sherrod says the point of her story was to unite people NAACP backs agriculture secretary 's decision to accept resignation of Shirley Sherrod Sherrod says she did n't use "  the full force " to help white farmer while at nonprofit
New York  CNN  -- Close to 10,000 total flights have been canceled since the beginning of a holiday blizzard that blanketed much of the U.S. northeast with snow and left thousands stranded . Airline representatives from AirTran , American , Continental , Delta Air Lines , JetBlue , United , U.S. Airways , Spirit and Southwest reported a total of at least 9,726 trips were called off due to weather since Saturday . Of those , at least 1,335 flights were canceled on Tuesday as major airports across the region slowly got back to normal . "  With all the cancellations and delays , it 'll be two to three days before the airlines are at a regular schedule , " said Thomas Bosco , general manager of New York 's LaGuardia Airport . By early Tuesday evening , LaGuardia was still operating well below its normal 70 flights per hour , he said . John F. Kennedy Airport , in the New York City borough of Queens , and Newark Liberty International , in northern New Jersey , opened to incoming and departing traffic at 6 p.m. Monday , Port Authority spokeswoman Sara Joren said . AirTran spokesman Christopher White said his airline did n't plan any more cancellations Tuesday after dropping 81 flights on Monday . Instead , White said , AirTran planned to operate additional flights out of LaGuardia , Boston 's Logan Airport and White Plains , New York 's Westchester County Airport to get people home . Delta Air Lines canceled 300 flights on Tuesday and was still facing reduced operations at JFK and Newark because of runway issues , according to spokesman Trebor Banstetter . "  We 're hoping to return to a full schedule at JFK by tomorrow morning , and at Newark by midday tomorrow , " Banstetter said . But the slow recovery left many passengers anxious to get home . Zarmeen Hussain and her family knew their flight home to New Jersey -- scheduled for Monday evening -- might get canceled . But they did n't expect a four-day delay . "  We were very confused and like , ` Oh , my God , ' " Hussain said from an Atlanta hotel Tuesday morning . She , her husband and daughter were in Georgia for a college reunion and were told the earliest available flight will be on Friday . "  We were thinking of the option of driving , but the car rental company gave us a quote of $ 2,000 , " Hussain said , laughing . She said many rental car companies are out of vehicles . Julie Stratton is in a similar predicament . She was scheduled to fly from New York to Indianapolis , Indiana , on Sunday , and ended up sleeping at LaGuardia Airport . Stratton said Monday she was told she might not be able to fly out until Thursday . "  It 's not the best of scenarios , no , " she said . "  But you just have to make the best of it . There 's nothing else you can do . " The storm that has unnerved domestic and international travelers produced blinding snow and wreaked havoc from the Carolinas to Maine . By Monday night , more than 4,155 flights had been canceled , up to 32 inches of snow piled up in areas and wind gusts blew as strong as 80 mph . Several dozen people were trapped and others were thrown to the ground Tuesday when a ski lift at Sugarloaf Mountain in Maine came to an abrupt stop after a cable malfunctioned . CNN meteorologist Jacqui Jeras said wind gusts of up to 50 mph were blowing in the area at the time . "  I felt a jerk , " said CNN employee Robb Atkinson , who was among those trapped on the lift . He described hearing "  screams from skiers below " as he watched at least three chairs drop 20 to 30 feet to the ground . Atkinson said he and other trapped skiers were watching the injured being carried from the mountain . "  This storm was one of the most challenging storms we 've had in a decade or two , " Bosco said Monday . Jeras said the onslaught of snow had stopped , but the storm 's impact was still being felt . "  The strong winds will be prevalent today , " she said Tuesday morning . And in another move back toward normalcy , New Jersey Senate President Stephen Sweeney -- stepping in as acting governor -- rescinded the state of emergency in that state shortly after 10 p.m. Monday . Several emergency declarations were made in states and cities as the storm barrelled up the East Coast and officials executed emergency plans in an effort to expedite assistance . On Monday , New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg urged residents not to dial 911 unless calling about a life-saving emergency as the city grappled with the fifth-largest storm in New York history . Parts of Brooklyn had 24 inches of snow , according to the National Weather Service -- shy of the 32 inches reported in Rahway , New Jersey . High winds were also a problem , including gusts as strong as 80 mph in Wellfleet on Cape Cod , Massachusetts . The Federal Transportation Security Administration has been coordinating with airports and airlines to bolster staffing as necessary as flights resume , according to spokeswoman Sterling Payne . Authorities were also investigating an incident that occurred at Lambert-St . Louis International Airport on Tuesday when the wing of an Airbus jet clipped the horizontal bar near the tail section of another jet while it was being de-iced , according to airport Director Rhonda Hamm-Niebruegge . Both planes returned to the gate and were undergoing inspection , she said . Stranded travelers in New York slept on cots and atop luggage carousels Sunday night , while less-fortunate people bedded down on airport floors . "  It looked like everybody was camping inside , " said Jacob Chmielecki , who was stranded with his family at New York 's LaGuardia airport . Antonio Christopher said he spent two nights sleeping at Heathrow Airport in London , where snow caused major delays earlier this month . On Monday , he found himself in a similar situation across the pond . "  It 's one of those things , " he said . "  You have to keep up about these things . It was a blizzard . There 's nothing you can do about it . " Other travel -- by rail and road -- was snarled as well . Hundreds of people were left stranded at New York 's Pennsylvania railroad station after Long Island Railroad canceled trains . Amtrak said it would resume normal service Wednesday between Boston and Washington , but passengers could see some delays . By Tuesday , police had removed more than 1,000 abandoned vehicles from New York 's Van Wyck Expressway and Cross Bronx Expressway , according to Bloomberg , who called the operation "  the biggest effort to clear snow our city has ever seen . " "  Because the snow fell so quickly and in such great amounts , and because the wind blew so forcefully -- creating whiteouts -- many motorists got stuck and abandoned their vehicles in the middle of streets , " the New York mayor said Tuesday . Bloomberg said the states of New York and New Jersey loaned the city 35 ambulances , helping reduce the backlog of emergency medical services requests . The city has requested private tow companies to assist in cleanup efforts Bloomberg noted that New York City is also facing blood-supply shortages and asked residents to donate , saying , "  We need your help now more than ever . " According to Connecticut Light & Power 's website , the number of its customers affected by the storm dropped dramatically from 33,712 on Monday to 753 by Tuesday afternoon . CL&P services 1.2 million Connecticut residents , so less than 1 % of customers state-wide were affected . Some 10,000 customers in Westchester County and New York City lost power due to storm and tree damage , according to a Consolidated Edison statement . By Tuesday , 500 households remained without power , ConEd said . CNN 's Aaron Cooper , Allan Chernoff and David Ariosto contributed to this report .	Nearly 10,000 flights have been canceled since Saturday At least 1,335 flights were canceled on Tuesday More than 1,000 abandoned vehicles are removed from New York interstates New York is now facing shortages in blood supplies , the city 's mayor said
Journalists covering last week 's economic summit overheard French President Nicolas Sarkozy blasting Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu as a "  liar " during a talk with U.S. President Barack Obama , according to published reports . The private conversation was inadvertently carried by open microphones before an Obama-Sarkozy news conference on the sidelines of the Group of 20 economic summit in the French resort of Cannes . Its contents were first reported by the French website Arret Sur Images , which said reporters heard Sarkozy 's comments in French and Obama 's reply through a translator . "  I ca n't stand him . He 's a liar , " Sarkozy said of Netanyahu , according to the website . Obama replied , "  You 're tired of him ; what about me ? I have to deal with him every day , " the site reported . Arret Sur Images  "  Freeze Frame "  said journalists had listened in on the conversation but had agreed not to report it . The Reuters and Associated Press news services confirmed that report Tuesday . "  We did n't record it , and to use it would force us to admit that we had cheated , " Arret Sur Images quoted one of the reporters who heard the conversation , whom it did not name . "  Also , it would have caused great problems for the people responsible for the event 's organization . " Dan Israel , the Arret Sur Images writer who broke the story , told CNN that about three minutes of the leaders ' private conversation could be heard . "  It was a mistake by the organization for the G-20 summit , " Israel said . He said journalists agreed among themselves to consider the remarks off the record because they did n't want to get a summit staffer heard into a "  rough patch " after he disclosed that the audio could be heard . But the word spread rapidly among journalists in Paris , prompting Arret Sur Images to start chasing the report , he said . "  Some of them did give me the quotes , and others just confirmed the quotes , " Israel said . The report was met with silence from the Elysee Palace , the French president 's office , which did not respond to requests for comment . In Washington , White House spokesman Jay Carney said he had no comment on the conversation or Obama 's response but said , "  The president 's position has been quite clear on the issue of efforts by the Palestinians to achieve through the U.N. what can only be achieved effectively through direct negotiations . " Netanyahu 's office also had no comment . But in the United States , the Anti-Defamation League said it was "  deeply disappointed and saddened " by the private conversation , warning that it could hurt ties between Israel and two key players in the Middle East peace process . "  President Obama 's response to Mr. Sarkozy implies that he agrees with the French leader , " ADL Director Abe Foxman said in a written statement . "  In light of the revelations here , we hope that the Obama administration will do everything it can to reassure Israel that the relationship remains on a sure footing and to reinvigorate the trust between President Obama and Prime Minister Netanyahu , which clearly is not what it should be . " A member of Netanyahu 's coalition in the Knesset , Israel 's parliament , said "  there is not much love lost " between the Israeli leader and his counterparts . "  It 's unpleasant , " said Einat Wilf , whose Independence party is allied with Netanyahu 's ruling Likud . "  Of course , we would all like to be loved and all love to have great relationships with each other , and I 'm sure it would be nicer to know that our prime minister is loved . But at the end of the day , what did Machiavelli say ? It 's more important to be feared than loved . " Israeli opposition leaders have questioned Netanyahu 's honesty before , but Labor Party lawmaker Daniel Ben-Simon said he was "  ashamed " that the leaders of two of Israel 's top allies "  could characterize my prime minister as a liar . " "  If the most friendly leaders say that about my prime minister , what do others say about him who are not as friendly ? " said Ben-Simon , the head of the Israeli-French Parliamentary Association . "  If he lies to them , he must be lying to Israelis as well . "	"  He 's a liar , " Sarkozy says of Israeli PM , a French website reports "  You 're tired of him ; what about me ? " the site quotes Obama as responding Neither leader 's office would comment on the report An Israeli lawmaker says the report is "  unpleasant " but not news
CNN  -- The number of confirmed H1N1 flu cases worldwide surpassed 10,000 , the World Health Organization said Tuesday . In the United States , at least 5,469 cases of swine flu have been reported . Commonly known as swine flu , the outbreak has sickened 10,176 people and caused at least 80 deaths , mostly in Mexico , the organization said . The actual number of people affected may be higher , as it takes time for national governments to confirm cases and report them to the global body . In the United States , at least 5,469 cases of swine flu have been reported , according to the latest figures from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . The CDC has linked six deaths to the outbreak ; health officials in New York have connected a seventh death -- a school official -- to the disease . Concern about the disease deepened Tuesday , even as authorities have said the outbreak may prove to be less severe than first suspected . A 44-year-old man died Tuesday in suburban St. Louis , Missouri , according to John Shelton of the St. Louis County Health Department . The man , whose name was not released , had been hospitalized for the past few weeks . He had visited Mexico and tests showed he had swine flu , Shelton said . However , the county medical examiner will determine the cause of the man 's death . In New York , medical investigators determined that the death of a 16-month-old boy in Queens was not linked to the flu . The boy had a fever when his mother brought him to a hospital Monday and he died less than an hour later , drawing attention from investigators . That death came a day after an assistant principal from New York died after contracting the H1N1 virus . That man -- Mitchell Wiener -- had an underlying health condition , said Dr. Thomas Frieden , New York City 's health commissioner and President Barack Obama 's pick to lead the CDC . Wiener died Sunday of complications of the H1N1 virus , hospital and state officials said . If confirmed by the CDC , Wiener 's death would be the seventh linked to swine flu in the United States . The CDC has confirmed three in Texas , two in Arizona and one in Washington state . Wiener 's school is among a handful in New York that temporarily closed at the recommendation of the city 's Health Department . Frieden said Sunday that "  with the virus spreading widely , " closing affected schools "  will make little difference in transmission throughout New York City , but we hope will help slow transmission within the individual school communities . " The flu strain , which originated in Mexico , killed dozens of people there , causing U.S. officials to worry that it could take a similar toll north of the border . So far , however , it has acted similar to typical seasonal influenza , which usually can be treated successfully but can be deadly among the very old , very young and people with pre-existing health problems . CNN 's Kara Devlin and Mary Snow contributed to this report .	H1N1 flu has caused at least 80 deaths , mostly in Mexico Man in St. Louis , Missouri , may be latest to die of flu in United States Officials say flu is behaving similar to typical seasonal influenza
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The pirate suspect arrested in the hijacking of the Maersk Alabama was all smiles on arriving in New York City late Monday , escorted by a phalanx of law enforcement officers . The unidentified pirate suspect arrested in the hijacking of the Maersk Alabama arrived in the U.S. late Monday . None of the officers would confirm his identity , but his arrival for trial in the United States had been widely expected . The suspect arrived at the Jacob K. Javits Federal Office Building in Manhattan , which is linked to a federal detention facility where he was expected to be held pending an appearance in federal court . The timing of that appearance was not immediately available . He was walked through the rain , surrounded by media , as well as officers from federal and New York City law enforcement agencies . The suspect wore a dark jumpsuit and handcuffs , and what appeared to be a bandage on his left hand . Members of the media urged him to comment , but it was not clear whether he understood . He smiled broadly and laughed . He had been handed over to federal authorities by the U.S. military in Djibouti , defense officials said . The suspect , known in official documents as "  Pirate Defendant , " was brought to Djibouti aboard the USNS Walter S. Diehl , a refueling ship that was with the warship USS Bainbridge at the scene of the failed hijacking on April 8 that turned into a hostage ordeal 350 miles off Somalia . Three pirates who were holding the Maersk Alabama 's captain in the ship 's lifeboat were killed by Navy SEALs four days later . The survivor had surrendered and was aboard the Bainbridge when the captain , Richard Phillips , was rescued , officials have said . From the Bainbridge , he was transferred to the USS Boxer for medical treatment . See an interactive map of 2009 pirate attacks off the Horn of Africa " The surviving pirate was wounded when crew members of the Maersk Alabama took him hostage in the early hours of the pirate attack on the cargo ship , according to the military . The crew members had hoped to exchange him for their captain , but the pirates did not release Phillips when the crew returned their captive . "  I 'm mad because , you know , I could have been dead right now , " Ken Quinn , the Maersk Alabama 's navigation officer , told CNN Radio on Monday . "  But at the same time he 's just a little skinny guy , you know , from Somalia where they 're all starving and stuff . " Quinn said he was n't angry at the single alleged pirate , noting that piracy in the region is fueled by the urge to survive hardship and poverty . He said the suspect told him that he wanted to go the United States , and asked whether Quinn could help him get there . "  I said , ` Yeah , you 'll probably going to go anyway . I do n't think you 're going to need my help , ' " Quinn said . "  If he goes to jail here , it will be a whole lot better than living in Somalia . " CNN 's Mike Mount , Emily Anderson , Jennifer Rizzo and Steve Kastenbaum contributed to this report .	Alleged pirate known in official documents as "  Pirate Defendant " Alleged pirate brought to Djibouti aboard the USNS Walter S. Diehl , a refueling ship Handed over to federal authorities by the U.S. military in Djibouti , officials said Diehl was with the warship USS Bainbridge at the scene of a failed hijacking
CNN  -- The message will have been heard loud and clear across Europe . Bayern Munich , themselves on the end of a thrashing in the European Champions League semifinals last year , dished out one of its own on Tuesday . The German champions , led by former Barcelona coach Pep Guardiola , raced into a five-goal lead over Italian side AS Roma in their group stages clash , with just 36 minutes on the clock . It was a devastating display of attacking football that left the thousands of fervent fans gathered in Rome 's Olympic Stadium shell shocked . Except , of course , for those 5,000 supporters who had made the trip from Germany . Guardiola is aiming for a hat-trick of Champions League triumphs after securing two during his four-year spell at the Spanish giants . And if it carries on like this , Bayern will prove a tough nut to crack in the competition 's latter stages . The rout began on eight minutes , Dutch international Arjen Robben cutting inside former Chelsea defender Ashley Cole to bend a shot into the far corner . Mario Gotze , whose winning goal sealed a World Cup triumph for Germany in Brazil , made it two after swapping passes with international teammate Thomas Muller . Poland striker Robert Lewandowski made it 3-0 with a fine header from Juan Bernat 's cross before Robben grabbed another , similar to his opener . When Kostas Manolas was adjudged to have handled inside his own area , Muller stroked home the penalty to make it 5-0 in front of a stunned stadium . Things did improve for Roma in the second half as Ivory Coast midfielder Gervinho got them on the scoresheet with a close range header , but it was only a brief respite . Substitute Franck Ribery made it six , clipping the ball into the net after a precise through ball from Robben , before another sub -- Xherdan Shaqiri -- made it seven from close range . It brought back painful memories for Roma of another seven-goal mauling , when it lost by the same scoreline to English side Manchester United back in 2007 . Bayern 's third win from three outings saw it take firm control of Group E , with Roma second on four points . Roma boss Rudy Garcia said : "  We collapsed tactically and in terms of our aggressiveness . We let them play and they 're too good for that . I was the first to make mistakes ; it 's not the players ' fault . " Incredibly , Bayern 's 45 minute heroics were bettered by Ukrainian side Shakhtar Donetsk , who raced into a 6-0 lead over BATE Borisov in Belarus at halftime to set a new Champions League record . Shakhtar went on to win 7-0 , Brazilian striker Luiz Adriano becoming only the second player to score five goals in a Champions League game , after Barcelona 's Lionel Messi . Those 15 goals across two matches helped bump Tuesday 's tally to 40 across the eight games , a new record for the continent 's most lucrative club competition . News of Bayern 's triumph will have provided succor for Manchester City , who were stunned by a late CSKA Moscow equalizer in Group E 's other encounter , in Russia . For the second time in a month its 18,600 capacity Arena Khimki was closed to fans after sanctions from European soccer 's governing body relating to incidents of racism . A controversial late penalty from Bebars Natcho canceled out goals from Sergio Aguero and James Milner meaning the star-studded Premier League holders now face an uphill task to qualify from its group . The match was played out in sub zero temperatures and in front of just a handful of spectators after UEFA decreed CSKA 's stadium must be closed to fans for its next three European games . UEFA charged the club with racism for the third time in a year after troubled flared among its fans during CSKA 's defeat to AS Roma in September . The first came almost a year ago , when City 's Ivorian midfielder Yaya Toure was subject to racist chanting from the stands . Toure reacted furiously saying at some point UEFA had to ban a club "  for a couple of years . " CSKA hit back , saying the incident had been "  very exaggerated . " There were no such flashpoints on Tuesday , given only a clutch of people were present to witness another poor European performance from City . It had eased into a two-goal lead inside 38 first half minutes as it looked to register a first win in this season 's competition . A ball over the top from David Silva put Edin Dzeko in on goal and he unselfishly squared for Argentina striker Aguero to tap into an empty net . Less than 10 minutes later , Aguero 's shot from inside the box fell perfectly for England international Milner to slide in and convert . But as the match wore on City retreated , and after Ivory Coast international Seydou Doumbia had polished off a Ahmed Musa cross , he enticed Aleksandar Kolarov into a clumsy tackle , allowing Natcho to tuck home the penalty . When asked how City had let its lead slip , manager Manuel Pellegrini told Sky Sports : "  Because football is 95 minutes , we have scored two goals and had clear chances to score more but we did n't . "  I do n't want to talk about the referee . We have nine more points to play and I am confident we will qualify . " Elsewhere , Lionel Messi moved within two goals of Raul 's all-time Champions League scoring record with Barcelona 's second goal in its 3-1 win over Dutch side Ajax . Neyamr scored the opening goal before the Argentina struck his 69th Champions League goal , Sandro RamÃrez adding a late third . English Premier League leaders Chelsea thrashed NK Maribor of Slovenia 6-0 at Stamford Bridge , Didier Droga scoring his first goal for the club since rejoining prior to the start of the season . Eden Hazard netted twice . An 87th minute strike from Uruguay forward Edinson Cavani helped French champions Paris Saint-Germain to a 1-0 victory over Apoel Nicosia in Cyprus . A goal in the dying seconds from Eric Choupo-Moting sealed a 4-3 success for German club Schalke in a epic encounter with Portuguese side Sporting Lisbon . But there was better news for Portugal as Porto registered a 2-1 victory over Spanish outfit Athletic Bilbao , courtesy of Ricardo Quaresma 's winner . Football : Ronaldo 's 100M friends	Bayern Munich beats AS Roma 7-1 in the European Champions League The German champions raced into a five goal lead after just 36 minutes Shakhtar go 6-0 up before the interval against BATE Borisov in Belarus A total of 40 goals scored across eight matches setting a new record
CNN  -- Debra Sholty was just opening up her business Thursday morning in Kokomo , Indiana , when a 3.8-magnitude earthquake rumbled through the north-central part of the state . "  It was like a huge explosion under your feet , " said Sholty , the owner of Hobson Cleaners . According to the U.S. Geological Survey , the quake struck just before 8 a.m. ET and was three miles deep . The USGS initially reported that the quake had registered a 4.2 magnitude , but later revised the estimate . Its epicenter was located about 15 miles east-southeast of Kokomo , and 50 miles north of Indianapolis . No damage was immediately reported in Indianapolis , though some residents closer to the epicenter were surprised by the quake 's intensity . There was "  a very loud boom , " Sholty said . "  We really felt it . ... It was like something hit the building from underneath . I actually felt an upward lift . " Laura Smith , who works at nearby Windmill Grill , told CNN she initially thought a truck had hit her building while trying to make a delivery . "  The whole building just shook , " she said . "  You could feel your body shaking . " "  It was amazing , " she added . "  Personally , I thought it was exciting . " Jerry Fiscus , owner of Kokomo 's Hair Care East salon , said the quake shook his building "  pretty well , " though nothing fell off the shelves . "  It was like a really big thunder strike , " said Missy Dulmes , who was at home making breakfast at the time . "  You could hear the silverware shake in the drawer and the table moved . " Dulmes said she was initially concerned that a water pipe had broken . Few people contacted by CNN , however , reported being frightened by the incident , which is more commonly associated with west coast cities like Los Angeles than heartland towns like Kokomo . "  I 'm over 50 , " Sholty said with a chuckle . "  Nothing really frightens me anymore . "	NEW : The Indiana earthquake has been downgraded from 4.2 to a 3.8 magnitude One local resident compares the quake to a "  huge explosion " There were no immediate reports of damage
Beijing , China  CNN  -- China summoned the U.S. ambassador on Friday to express its "  strong dissatisfaction " over the Dalai Lama 's meeting with U.S. President Barack Obama a day earlier . China did n't disclose what was discussed during the session with Ambassador Jon Huntsman at the Foreign Ministry . But Beijing had warned that a meeting between the president and the exiled Tibetan spiritual leader would damage its ties with Washington . "  The Chinese side expresses strong dissatisfaction and resolute opposition to this meeting , " a spokesman for China 's Foreign Ministry said in a statement after Thursday 's meeting at the White House . "  China demands the U.S. seriously consider China 's stance , immediately adopt measures to wipe out the adverse impact , -LSB- and -RSB- stop conniving and supporting anti-China separatist forces . " The U.S. Embassy did n't characterize Friday 's meeting , but it provided the message Huntsman delivered to Deputy Foreign Minister Cui Tiankai . "  Now is the time to move forward and cooperate in ways that benefit our two counties , the region and the world , " Huntsman said , according to the U.S. Embassy . The meeting has the potential to further complicate Sino-U.S. tensions , which have been rising in recent months . The Dalai Lama has said he favors genuine autonomy for Tibetans , not independence for Tibet . Beijing regards the Nobel Peace Prize laureate as a separatist who wishes to sever Tibet from China . Obama 's meeting with the Dalai Lama "  runs against the repeated commitments by the U.S. government that the U.S. recognizes Tibet as part of China and gives no support to ` Tibet independence ' , " Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Ma Zhaoxu said . During the meeting , Obama stressed his "  strong support for the preservation of Tibet 's unique religious , cultural and linguistic identity , and the protection of human rights for Tibetans , " according to a White House statement . The president praised the Dalai Lama 's "  commitment to nonviolence and his pursuit of dialogue with the Chinese government , " the statement added . He also stressed the importance of having both sides "  engage in direct dialogue to resolve differences , and was pleased to hear about the recent resumption of talks , " it noted . The Dalai Lama , while acknowledging that he raised concerns about Tibet during the meeting , did not provide further specifics about his home region 's political situation while addressing reporters . He said he admired America as a "  champion of democracy and ... freedom , " and cited the need to promote "  religious harmony " and "  human value . " He also met with Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . The meeting between the Dalai Lama and Obama could "  seriously undermine the Sino-U.S. political relations , " Zhu Weiqun , a senior Communist Party leader in charge of ethnic and religious affairs , warned recently . "  We will take corresponding action to make relevant countries see their mistakes . " On Thursday , China 's Foreign Ministry spokesman said the meeting "  grossly violated the norms governing ... international relations . " Obama did not meet with the Dalai Lama when the spiritual leader visited Washington last fall , making it the first time since 1991 that such a meeting did not occur . Ahead of a summit with Chinese President Hu Jintao , Obama persuaded Tibetan representatives back then to postpone the meeting with the Dalai Lama . Thursday 's encounter took place against the backdrop of several contentious issues already threatening to sour the relationship between America and China , including trade disputes , a recent U.S. arm sales deal for Taiwan -- which China considers an illegitimate breakaway province -- and a censorship row over Internet search engine Google Inc. . The meeting is "  another event in the recent , one has to say , downward spiral in U.S.-China relations , " said China scholar David Shambaugh . It 's also troublesome for the Chinese for one other important reason , Shambaugh said . "  He could have met him as a spiritual leader in a neutral place like a church , " he said . But receiving him in the White House "  is a political act . And that is going to irritate China very much . " The meeting did not take place in the formal , official setting of the Oval Office . It was instead held in the White House Map Room , which is considered part of the presidential residence . The choice of settings was considered by many observers to be a sign of Washington 's acknowledgment of Beijing 's political sensitivities . Some analysts said the Chinese government could retaliate by cutting off political exchanges as they did after the Dalai Lama met with the heads of state of France and Germany . And Hu could turn down an invitation to visit Washington in April . Neither China nor the United States can afford strained relations , said Douglas Paal , a diplomat and investment banker who has served as a presidential adviser on China . "  We both need each other , " he said . "  We need each other for a number of international security issues -- to deal with the global climate crisis , to deal with the global financial crisis . " China is the largest growing export market for U.S. companies , Paal said , expanding by 65 percent last year alone . Nearly three-quarters of all Americans think that Tibet should be an independent country , according to a new national CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll . But the survey , released Thursday , also indicates that most Americans think it is more important to maintain good relations with China than to take a stand on Tibet . CNN 's Jo Kent , Emily Chang , Jill Dougherty , Jaime FlorCruz , Paul Steinhauser and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report .	China expresses its "  strong dissatisfaction " over Dalai Lama meeting to U.S. ambassador Dalai Lama met with U.S. President Barack Obama a day earlier at the White House China appealed for U.S. to "  stop conniving and supporting anti-China separatist forces " Beijing regards the Dalai Lama as a separatist who wishes to sever Tibet from China
CNN  -- Hundreds of Kurdish fighters from Turkey have arrived in the Syrian Kurdish town of Ayn al-Arab to join a Kurdish militia group battling to hold off ISIS forces , activists said Saturday . Clashes continue in the area between the militia , called the People 's Protection Unit  YPG ,  and the ISIS fighters , according the London-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights . The latest ISIS advance in Syria has brought a swath of the country 's north-central Kurdish region under siege , with Kurdish leaders warning of another humanitarian crisis without international intervention . The Syrian Kurdish town of Ayn al-Arab , or Kobani as it is known to the Kurds , is an island , surrounded by ISIS on three fronts and the Turkish border to the north . The town was already mostly blockaded by ISIS , but in the past several days some 60 nearby villages fell under ISIS control , according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights . ISIS , which refers to itself as the Islamic State , took 39 villages on Friday alone as Kurdish forces withdrew from their positions , the Observatory said . Mostafa Baly , a Kurdish activist inside Ayn al-Arab , told CNN on Saturday that there had been fierce clashes between ISIS and the YPG 20 kilometers to the east and south of the town , and 25 kilometers to the west . "  The conversation is no longer about withdrawing from this village or taking control of that place . For the People 's Protection Unit it is about resisting the attack by ISIS and defending 50,000 Kurds from a massacre , " he said . Hundred of Kurdish fighters are streaming in from Turkey to join fighters on the front lines and more continue to cross into the city as the minority prepares for what it believes will be an existential battle . "  The Kurdish people do not want to go to the refugee camps . We refuse to live in tents . the only option is to stand strong and defeat ISIS , " he said . News of the Kurdish fighters flooding to join the defense of Ayn al-Arab came as Turkey 's government announced that 49 hostages seized from the Turkish consulate in Mosul , Iraq , had been freed after three months in captivity . Border opening Fears of a humanitarian crisis in Ayn al-Arab rose this week as displaced people sought refuge there but became trapped between the fighting and the Turkish border . Turkey finally opened its border on Friday , relieving some of the mounting pressure in Ayn al-Arab and allowing refugees to enter its southeastern Sanliurfa province . Deputy Prime Minister Numan Kurtulmus said Saturday that more than 60,000 Kurds fleeing the violence had entered Turkish territories since Friday , according to Turkey 's semi-official Anadolu news agency . The refugees entered through eight checkpoints along the border and are being housed in tents , he said . ` Barbaric ' attacks Hosting Syrian refugees is nothing new for Turkey and other neighboring nations . About 815,000 registered Syrian refugees were in Turkey as of last month , part of the 3 million total registered Syrian refugees the U.N. has counted amid Syria 's three-year civil war . A further 6.5 million people were believed to be displaced within Syria as of last month , according to the United Nations . Masoud Barzani , President of Iraq 's semiautonomous Kurdistan Region , called the ISIS attacks in northern Syria "  barbaric " and described them as ethnic cleansing . "  I ask the international community to take every measure as soon as possible to save Kobani and the people of Syrian Kurdistan from the terrorists , " he said in a statement Friday . "  The ISIS terrorists perpetrate crimes and atrocities wherever they are , therefore they have to be hit and defeated wherever they are . " READ MORE : How the "  Islamic State " is governed READ MORE : Who is English speaker in "  Flames of War ? " CNN 's Mariano Castillo contributed to this report .	Hundreds of Kurdish fighters from Turkey join a militia trying to stem an ISIS advance Kurdish activist : This is about defending 50,000 Kurds from a massacre ISIS militants have seized dozens of villages near the town of Ayn-al-Arab , or Kobani Turkey opened its border to tens of thousands of Syrian Kurds fleeing the violence
Rolling Stone  -- In the latest Rolling Stone cover story , Canadian DJ-producer Deadmau5 had some pointed words for his fellow EDM musicians and their live performances , criticizing others for simply pressing a few buttons for their live show and calling out successful electronic artists like David Guetta and Skrillex . Now , after reactions from fans and musicians like Swedish House Mafia 's Sebastian Ingrosso , Deadmau5 has posted on Tumblr to clarify his statements and to give some insight into his own live shows . "  We all hit play , " begins the entry . "  It 's no secret . When it comes to ` live ' performance of EDM ... that 's about the most it seems you can do anyway . " Deadmau5 continues to say that given one hour of instruction and basic knowledge of the music production program Ableton , anyone could do what he does on stage . Rollingstone.com : On the cover : The rise of Deadmau5 He further explains his live setup , revealing the heavy data transfers in sync with the light show only allow him a certain limited flexibility . "  There 's a good chunk of MIDI -LSB- Musical Instrument Digital Interface -RSB- data spitting out as well to a handful of synths and crap that are / were used in the actual produciton ... which i can tweak * live * and whatnot ... but doesnt give me a lot of ` lookit me im Jimi Hendrix check out this solo ' stuff , because I 'm constrained to work on a set timeline because of the SMPTE -LSB- Society of Motion Picture and Television Engineers timestamp -RSB- . " Rollingstone.com : Inside Deadmau5 's Rolling Stone cover shoot Deadmau5 also stressed the importance of production and studio releases . "  My ` skills ' and other PRODUCERS skills shine where it needs to shine ... in the goddamned studio , and on the f *** ing releases . That 's what counts ... because this whole big ` EDM ' is taking over fad , " he says . "  I 'm not going to let it go thinking that people assume theres a guy on a laptop up there producing new original tracks on the fly . Because none of the ` top DJs in the world ' to my knowledge have . Myself included . " Rollingstone.com : EP premiere : Deadmau5 , ` The Veldt ' Despite the controversy , Deadmau5 was clear to thank fans for fueling EDM . But he stopped short of an outright apology for his comments , adding , "  To stand up and say youre doing something special outside of a studio environment , when youre not , just plain f *** in annoys me . " Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	After saying that his peers ` only push play , ' Deadmau5 took to Tumblr to explain what he meant . While Deadmau5 did n't explicitly apologize , he said that even he only pushes play . Additionally , Deadmau5 stressed that DJing is n't that much of an art outside of the studio .
Kim Jong Un is not officially on speaking terms with South Korean President Park Geun-hye . But on Thursday , in his New Year 's address , he said that could change . Last week , North Korea 's government news agency branded Park 's election as fraudulent and her father -- himself a former President -- a dictator . But in his televised speech , for the first time ever , the communist leader said he 'd talk with Park , South Korean news agency Yonhap reported . "  Depending on the mood and circumstances to be created , we have no reason not to hold the highest-level talks , " Kim said . North Korea 's state news agency did not publish those remarks in the official transcript of Kim 's speech . His words may represent a small glacial budge , but that does n't mean things will keep moving , Yonhap cautioned . Still , Kim spoke in detail about the need to improve North-South relations . Moments of thaw In between bellicose bantering -- particularly against the South 's military partnership with the United States -- there have been momentary thaws . Three months ago , some of the North 's highest officials paid a snap friendly visit to the South that sparked excited live television coverage . And this past Monday , Seoul 's unification minister , Ryoo Kihl-jae , sent a fax to Pyongyang suggesting Cabinet ministers on both sides to meet in January , Yonhap reported . "  The South and the North will have to meet each other and discuss ways toward peaceful reunification , " Ryoo later told journalists . Both want reunification Reunification is what both sides are pushing for . "  We should make fresh headway in the national reunification movement for this year , " Kim said in Thursday 's address , according to the official transcript published by the North 's Korean Central News Agency . But they have pursued it on starkly different terms . President Park last year announced a 2015 road map to reunification , which she laid out in a speech in April in Dresden , Germany , Yonhap has reported . Dresden was part of East Germany , back when Germany was divided between the democratic West and Soviet Communist East , and South Koreans have drawn hope from that country 's reunification for the possible realization of their own . Park 's talk has been called the Dresden Declaration . Free market support Since then , the South has sought support from its international allies for Park 's reunification plan , selling a single Korea as an economic boon to a global free market , Yonhap has reported . The North has railed against this , fearing the economically muscular South , aided by other capitalist countries , would , in a reunification , effectively digest the North . Kim does not want Seoul 's allies involved and criticized the South 's diplomatic efforts again on Thursday . "  To go on a tour around foreign countries touting for ` international cooperation ' in resolving the inter-Korean relations issue , the one related with our nation , is a humiliating treachery of leaving its destiny in the hands of outside forces , " he said . But Kim 's conciliatory words following after the South 's offer to talk again , and his hints of moving talks up to the highest level could be significant . Ryoo , who extended that invitation , is also Park 's right hand in her reunification effort , Yonhap reported . He said his offer to talk was in line with the 2015 road map . Fragile situation But Kim 's speech was not all conciliatory . Some of it was bellicose . He commended his forces ' "  showdown with the imperialists , " possibly a reference to caustic reactions to South Korean-U.S. military exercises . The dictator also praised political killings in his own ranks . "  Our Party detected and purged the anti-Party , counterrevolutionary factionalists at an opportune time and with a correct decision , " the KCNA speech transcript said . South Korean intelligence officials said that members of the North 's ruling party were shot by firing squad for viewing a South Korean soap opera . And there are additional pressure points that have derailed Seoul-Pyongyang agreements in the past , such as the floating of messages via balloon by activists in the South into the North . North Korean soldiers opening fire on these balloons last year struck South Korean territory . There were no reported injuries or damage . The North sees the balloons as a violation of its borders . The South sees them as an exercise of free speech . The South imposed an economic sanctions package on the North in 2010 over the attack on a South Korean navy ship that killed 46 sailors . Seoul demands that Pyongyang take responsibility for torpedoing the vessel before it lifts the sanctions .	Report : Kim Jong Un said , "  We have no reason not to hold the highest-level talks " Last week , North Korea 's government branded Park 's election as fraudulent His words follow an offer by Seoul for minister level talks Sticking points between the two sides have led to breakdowns in diplomacy in the past
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The creator of the "  Walking Dead " television series accuses AMC of cheating him out of millions of dollars in profits from the zombie hit . AMC , which produces the series , allegedly charged its own cable network an "  artificially low " license fee to carry the show , according to a lawsuit filed by Frank Darabont Tuesday . "  The sole goal of this sham transaction is to enhance the profits of the parent company by minimizing the revenues that go into the ` pool ' of funds for the show 's profit participants , " the complaint said . Frank Darabont worked for years to develop the television series from Robert Kirkman 's comic book series , the lawsuit said . It became a "  monumental hit " for AMC when it debuted in 2010 , it said . "  Despite four seasons of unprecedented programming success and profitability for defendants , Darabont has not received and may never receive one dollar in profits for developing the series , " the suit said . Darabont , who wrote , directed and produced the first season , was fired by AMC during the second season . The lawsuit contends he was replaced as the showrunner so that AMC could avoid negotiating a new deal with him . AMC and its lawyers did not immediately respond to the court filing . Darabont 's complaint points to the difference between the fee AMC charges its own company for each "  Walking Dead " episode compared to the license fee paid to a third party for the AMC series "  Mad Men " as evidence of the company 's "  improper and abusive practice of ` self-dealing . ' " The "  Mad Men " production company gets $ 3 million per episode from AMC , while the fee is just $ 1.45 million per "  Walking Dead " episode . The drama about a 1960s New York ad agency draws just 25 % of the audience that the series about the survivors of a zombie apocalypse gets , the lawsuit said . Darabont and CAA -- the Hollywood talent agency that helped him pitch the show to AMC -- have been deprived of "  tens of millions of dollars of profits from the series , " the suit said . The contract provides that they get a total of 20 % of the "  Modified Adjusted Gross Receipts , " which is a pool of all the money brought in by the production with the production costs subtracted . "  License fees can be manipulated , however , when the entity producing the show and the entity broadcasting it are controlled by the same parent company , or where the network owns and/or controls the production company , " the complaint said . After two years , the accounting claimed a $ 55 million deficit in the pool , the lawsuit said . AMC paid itself nearly $ 49 million in license fees , but production costs totaled $ 104.5 million , the suit said . The deficit grows with each season , it said . CNN first learned of the story from Twitter . CNN 's Henry Hanks contributed to this report .	"  Walking Dead " creator has n't gotten "  one dollar in profits , " his lawsuit says Frank Darabont accuses AMC of "  self-dealing " by charging itself a low license fee "  Walking Dead " fee is half that of "  Mad Men , " but show gets 4 times the viewers , suit says Darabont developed the TV series from Robert Kirkman 's comic book series
Police say he strikes in the early morning hours , often before the sun comes up , and his method is usually the same . While on foot , he approaches his female victims , many of them minors , as they walk alone to school or wait at a bus stop , and he strikes up a casual conversation with them . Then he quickly brandishes a knife or gun and forces his victims to a secluded nearby area , where he sexually assaults them . And just like that he is gone . But he leaves behind his DNA and -- for his victims -- the memory of a teardrop tattoo on his face . Dubbed the "  teardrop rapist , " the man is one of Los Angeles ' most prolific criminals . Since 1996 , police believe the same man assaulted girls and women 35 times throughout a broad swath of the city center . Then in 2005 , he stopped . For seven years , the case went cold until November when , according to recent DNA tests , the man attacked again . Now , just seven months later , he has struck yet again making his capture a top priority for the Los Angeles Police Department , which has launched a massive manhunt to end the assaults . Read the police alert Police Deputy Chief Kirk Albanese has this warning for residents citywide : "  For families that have teenage daughters walking we have had several occurrences where the victim has been as young as 14 , 15 years old . We are asking parents to ensure that their young teenage daughters are accompanied . " The attack that put this cold case back in the spotlight occurred at 5:30 a.m. in the morning hours last November when a 15-year-old Latina was walking in a residential neighborhood . The suspect approached the victim by asking for directions , then pulled out a gun and forced her into a yard , where he sexually assaulted her . At the time , it was initially investigated as another sexual assault case . Then , a couple of months later , the DNA results matched 10 other sexual assaults that police have linked to the same man , known as the "  teardrop rapist . " After investigating some leads , police decided last month to go public with the DNA findings that showed the "  teardrop rapist " had struck again after an apparent six-year hiatus . Now , a task force of 20 police detectives is following new leads and resurrecting any clues from previous cases dating back to 1996 . The latest assault attempt in the case was June 15 , police said . Authorities plan to canvas Hispanic neighborhoods on Thursday . The suspect has been described as a Hispanic male , 40 to 55 years old , with brown eyes and brown hair . His height ranges between 5 feet 2 inches and 5 feet 6 inches tall , and his weight is believed to be 130 to 170 pounds . He has possible teardrop tattoos below one of his eyes and has been seen wearing a dark-hooded sweatshirt as well as a baseball cap or a dark-colored beanie on his head . Detective Jesse Alvarado , who is leading the task force with fellow detective Sharlene Johnson , said the suspect often goes unnoticed in the neighborhoods where he has targeted his victims . "  He can walk up to somebody and spark up a conversation , and the victim does n't feel threatened until the weapon is seen , " Alvarado said . "  So he blends in , and nobody is saying , ` What is this guy doing in our neighborhood ? ' " The pattern of attacks shows the suspect never strikes in the same place twice , Alvarado said . "  He 's just all over the place , and he appears to be familiar with the area -- whether he lives in the area , has family  there  or works in the area . " DNA evidence has linked 11 of the 35 victims , who range in age from 14 to 41 . The remaining 24 cases are tied together by the similarities in the attacks and descriptions of the suspect . The locations of the attacks are spread out in a wide area concentrated through the center of Los Angeles . Map of "  teardrop rapist " attacks  PDF Inside Los Angeles police headquarters , the Special Assault Section resembles a command center for an emergency operation . On a wall there are poster boards with the latest leads written on them . Detectives are busy combing through some 700 boxes of old and closed cases , visiting old locations and even re-interviewing victims to shake out any possible clues . Johnson insists the task force will leave no stone unturned . "  We have decided to completely re-investigate it from the beginning , going through all of the original cases , all of the original follow-up investigations that were done , " she said . The detectives have already uncovered a previous composite sketches by going through some old cases . All 11 sketches depict the teardrop rapist through the years , but some are very dissimilar : In some sketches , he has a teardrop tattoo on the left side of his face , while it 's on the right side in others ; some sketches have two teardrops , and others have none at all . Police admit the wide variation of composite sketches can be confusing but said at this point they can not narrow a sketch down to just one . The detectives stressed the sketches are simply a guide and another tool to help make the community aware , with the hope that they might lead to someone recognizing the suspect . Johnson said these attacks "  happen very quickly , " explaining the different descriptions of a suspect who police believe is the same man . "  There is a knife involved , there is a gun involved ; every person focuses on something different , " she said . Despite the massive police investigation , Alvarado said he believes ordinary citizens will help crack the case . "  It 's gon na be that one little thing where someone says , ` It looks like that guy I used to work with , ' " Alvarado said . To get the public 's attention , Los Angeles police are sending out community alerts with a description and composite sketches of the suspect , and the city has offered a $ 50,000 reward for information leading to an arrest . Johnson said she wo n't be able to rest until police get their man . "  We will figure out who this is ; we will arrest him , and we will make sure he gets prosecuted , and we will do the best that we can to make sure he does n't victimize any women again . " For Alvarado , the case hits close to home . "  I 'm a parent , I have a daughter ; my thing is it 's happened here , and it could happen where I live , " he said . "  So our job is to find this individual no matter what it takes . "	Police plan to canvas L.A. 's Hispanic neighborhoods Thursday From 1996 to 2005 , the ` teardrop rapist " attacked more than two dozen women The case went cold until six months ago , Los Angeles police say The suspect 's moniker comes from reports of a teardrop tattoo on his face
CNN  -- A passenger who says she was injured after the nose gear of a Southwest Airlines jetliner collapsed during a landing at New York 's LaGuardia Airport filed a lawsuit , according to her attorney . Jacqueline Young 's "  injuries include her head , neck , back , and shoulder ... she got hurt when she was sliding down the ramp and there was no one there to catch her , " according to her lawyer , Sanford Rubenstein . According to the city 's port authority , 10 people suffered minor injuries as a result of the July 22 landing . Southwest Flight 345 was landing at LaGuardia from Nashville about 5:40 p.m. when the incident occurred . The nose of the blue-and-orange Boeing 737 jet came to rest on the ground after the aircraft came to a stop , and passengers evacuated the aircraft on emergency slides . The lawsuit against Southwest Airlines , filed in Queens , New York , alleges that due to the airline 's "  negligence " Young , 48 , "  sustained serious , severe and permanent injuries to her limbs and body , still suffers and will continue to suffer for some time , great physical and mental pain and serious bodily injury . " "  We are unable to comment on pending litigation , " according to Whitney Eichinger , a representative for the airline . The National Transportation Safety Board said that video and other sources provide evidence that the nose gear contacted the tarmac before the main wheels . Under a normal landing in a big jet , the main landing gear under each wing would touch the runway first and simultaneously -- absorbing the main stress of landing -- and the nose gear then lowered gradually as the plane decelerates down the runway . "  The aircraft skidded down the runway on its nose and then veered off and came to rest in a grass area between the runway and taxiway foxtrot , " Thomas Bosco , the airport 's general manager , told reporters shortly after the crash . It stopped about halfway down the 7,000-foot runway . A total of 150 people were aboard the flight . Initially , the Federal Aviation Administration said the crew reported a possible nose gear problem before landing , but later amended that to say that after it reviewed air controller tapes , no issues were noted ahead of time . "  They are responsible for landing the plane properly ... to have the nose pointed upward so the main landing gear touches down first , " Rubenstein told CNN Saturday . His client lives in South Carolina . CNN 's Mike Ahlers , Caleb Silver and Aaron Cooper contributed to this report .	Woman sues airline over landing in New York Boeing 737 's nose gear collapsed Plane skidded down runway before coming to a stop Southwest Airlines declines to comment
CNN  -- Millions of Californians will duck for cover Thursday morning in one of the largest earthquake drills in the world . Elementary school students in Burbank , California , take part in last year 's earthquake drill . "  The Great California Shakeout " will kick off at 10:15 a.m. at schools , museums , fire stations and other sites across the state . More than 6 million people have registered to take part in the drill , sponsored by various state agencies . About 5.5 million Californians participated in last year 's drill , organizers said . iReport.com : Are you taking part in California 's earthquake drill ? Senior citizens at the Vallecito Mobile Home Park in Ventura County were among last year 's participants . They took cover for three minutes and some pretended to be injured so emergency workers could practice safety procedures . This year 's participants also can watch an animated video that shows how much damage a magnitude 7.8 earthquake can cause . iReport.com : Museum undergoes "  fake quake " drill Thursday 's event comes two days before the 20th anniversary of the Loma Prieta earthquake . The magnitude 6.9 quake rocked Northern California in 1989 , killing dozens , collapsing a 50-foot section of the San Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge , damaging thousands of homes , and interrupting baseball 's World Series .	6 million in California registered to participate in earthquake drill Civilians will feign injuries so first responders can practice rescue techniques Event comes near 20th anniversary of Loma Prieta quake
CNN  -- Matthew Murray , the man who police say shot and killed four people at two separate locations in Colorado on Sunday , died from a self-inflicted gunshot wound , the coroner 's office said Tuesday . A former roommate took this photo of Matthew Murray performing in a 2002 Christmas program . "  The death of Matthew Murray has been ruled a suicide , " the El Paso County Coroner 's Office said in a statement . "  It should be noted that he was struck multiple times by the security officer , which put him down . He then fired a single round killing himself , " the statement said . Police Sgt. Skip Arms told The Associated Press that Murray shot himself in the head . Police say before Murray , 24 , went down , he shot and killed sisters Stephanie and Rachael Works , ages 18 and 16 , and wounded their father , who was in or near their car in the parking lot of New Life Church in Colorado Springs , Colorado . Murray also wounded two other people with his assault rifle as he re-entered the church . One of them , Larry Bourbonnais , said he tried to distract the shooter before security guard Jeanne Assam made her move . Watch Bourbonnais describe the scene at New Life " "  I 'm telling you right now , she 's the hero , not me . It was the bravest thing I have ever seen , " Bourbonnais said . "  She had no cover . He fired -- I heard him fire three . I heard her fire three . And she just began -- she kept yelling ` Surrender ! ' the whole time . And she just walked forward , like she 's walking to her car in the parking lot , firing the whole time . " Bourbonnais said when he and Assam reached Murray , "  he had slumped backwards , slid down on the floor , and expired . " The assault at New Life Church came about 12 hours after Murray shot and killed two people and wounded two others at the Youth With a Mission center in Arvada , Colorado , 80 miles away , police said . Learn more about the shooting victims " A memorial service was scheduled for Wednesday for the two staff members there who were killed , Tiffany Johnson , 26 , and Philip Crouse , 24 , according to the group 's co-founder , Peter Warren . Brady Boyd , senior pastor of New Life Church , told reporters Tuesday he and his church had already forgiven Murray , even though he is still angry about what happened . "  But being angry and being unforgiving are two different things , " Boyd said . On Tuesday a source close to New Life Church , citing financial records , told CNN that Murray 's family has contributed various amounts to it over the years . The Rev. Phil Abeyta , Murray 's uncle , joined a prayer session Tuesday night at his church , His Love Fellowship , AP reported . About 70 people prayed for the victims , the Murray family and Matthew Murray . According to AP , Abeyta said the family spent the day "  in reflection and prayer for the families of the victims and those who were injured . " Boyd said his congregation would hold its regular services as scheduled next weekend . Boyd said members will hold a family meeting Wednesday . "  We will gather to worship , pray , mourn and begin our healing process , " a statement said . "  If we could find some motive , some written motive or some recorded motive that he gave , it would be helpful for the healing process , sure , because that is the question : Why ? Why , why , why is going to be the number one question that we answer , " Boyd said . Some answers may be gleaned from a warning Murray posted online just 90 minutes before he went to New Life Church . The message attributed to Matthew Murray -- using the screen name "  nghtmrchld26 " -- mirrored the wording of a warning posted in 1999 by Eric Harris before he and Dylan Klebold went on a shooting rampage at Columbine High School . "  I 'm coming for EVERYONE soon and I WILL be armed to the @ . % $ teeth and I WILL shoot to kill , " the posting obtained by CNN affiliate KUSA-TV read . This was the same wording used by Harris , with the exception of symbols used to replace an expletive . Murray , who lived in Englewood , Colorado , just 13 miles from the Columbine campus , titled his entry "  You Christians brought this on yourselves . " It was published on a Web site for people who had left Pentecostal and fundamentalist religious groups . The message , first reported Monday by KUSA-TV , was taken offline by the site 's administrator after he talked to the FBI , but has since been put back online . Joe Istre , president of the Association of Former Pentecostals , said the posts were restored so people could "  try and make sense of all this chaos . " The posting on the online forum , maintained by the group , indicated it was published at 11:03 a.m. on Sunday -- two hours before the shooting at New Life Church and about 11 hours after the shooting at Youth With A Mission . In earlier postings , "  nghtmrchld26 " railed against the Rev. Ted Haggard , founder of New Life Church . Haggard was fired last year after a former male prostitute alleged he had a three-year cash-for-sex relationship with him . Haggard admitted buying methamphetamine from the man but said he did n't use it . In a post from March , Murray complained that because of his mother 's concerns about video games and popular music , "  I remember having to listen to everything in secret , at very low volume levels or with headphones , whether it was video games , TV , DVDs , or music/radio . " "  My mother would search EVERYWHERE on a regular basis . You 'd have thought I was hiding methamphetamines  which her favorite pastor , Ted Haggard was found guilty of  or something serious , but it was all over DVDs , CDs , and video games , " Murray wrote . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Eric Marrapodi contributed to this report . Copyright 2007 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	NEW : Murray railed against church founder Rev. Ted Haggard in online posts Shooter who killed four on Sunday also killed himself , coroner says Gunman Matthew Murray died after shootout with volunteer security guard Coroner says Murray was shot multiple times by security guard
CNN  -- The little-known South African Louis Oosthuizen shocked the world of golf as he stormed to his first ever major win on Sunday with a runaway seven-shot victory at the British Open at St. Andrews . Not bad for a farm boy who failed to make the cut in seven of his previous eight major championships . Oosthuizen joins Bobby Locke , Gary Player and Ernie Els as South African winners of the famous Claret Jug . Despite many having difficulty pronouncing his name , few will forget Lodewicus Theodorus "  Louis " Oosthuizen 's dazzling performance at St. Andrews . The win really is a fairytale story for the 27-year-old who lives on a farm in Gourits River , South Africa , next door to his parents . Oosthuizen , who also has a home in Manchester , England , was born in Mossel Bay , South Africa . His father was a farmer by trade yet all young Oosthuizen wanted to do growing up was play golf and tennis . Oosthuizen decided to ditch the tennis racket for good in favor of the club when he was 10 before spending three years at the Ernie Els & Fancourt Foundation during his teenage years . Oosthuizen seals runaway British Open victory Oosthuizen is eternally grateful to the foundation , which was set up by Els in 1999 to help nurture South Africa 's next generation of star golfers . It gave him financial support and coaching on the course his family could never offer their son . "  It was unbelievable what he  Ernie Els  did for me , " Oosthuizen told the official British Open website . "  He is such a good mentor and probably without him , those three years in his foundation , I would n't have been here . " It was not long before the future British Open champion started tasting success after teaming up with compatriot Charl Schwartzel to win his first title at the World Junior Team Championships in 2000 . The teenager then claimed six amateur titles including the Irish Amateur Open Stroke Play title in 2002 before turning professional at 19 in the same year . But despite hitting a 57 during a practice round on the par-72 Mossel Bay Golf Club course , along with gaining his European Tour card in 2003 , his early performances in the paid ranks were less impressive . He did manage to record the first of his eight professional wins on home soil at the 2004 Vodacom Origins of Golf Tour . But joy was quickly turned into despair as "  Shrek " -- as he is fondly known to his friends due to his gap-tooth smile -- failed to qualify for his first British Open at St Andrews in 2005 . The season ended in disappointment as Oosthuizen finished 139th on the money list forcing him to return to qualifying school to regain his European Tour card . ` Shrek ' takes charge at St.Andrews The South African responded to the early setback by making 2007 his best year so far on the golf circuit , winning three titles on the Sunshine Tour including the Telkcom PGA championship . However , Oosthuizen 's stop-start career continued as he failed to play in a major after missing the cuts for the Masters , the British Open and the PGA Championship in 2009 . But 2010 is without doubt his most successful and memorable year on and off the course to date . First , Oosthuizen became a father after his wife Nel-Marie gave birth to their baby daughter Jana . Then in March he finally won his first European Tour event at the Open de Andalucia in Spain beating England 's Richard Finch and Peter Whiteford of Scotland , who were tied second by three strokes . A victory of sorts in America was next , as the South African won the Par 3 Contest at the 2010 Masters in April , but he missed the cut in the tournament proper at Augusta . He also missed the weekend action in the U.S. Open at Pebble Beach so the signs were not promising as he traveled to the east coast of Scotland for the third major of the season . Having missed the cut at the British Open in 2004 , 2006 and 2009 , few , if any , envisaged him collecting the trophy at the end of play on Sunday . Yet Oosthuizen left Paul Casey , Lee Westwood and the world number one Tiger Woods in his wake , with his final round of one-under-par 71 giving him a 16-under total of 272 and his only major title so far .	Louis Oosthuizen stormed to his first major win at the British Open at St. Andrews The 27-year-old lives on a farm in Gourits River , South Africa , next door to his parents Oosthuizen is a graduate from the Ernie Els Foundation before turning professional at 19 He also became a father after wife Nel-Marie gave birth to their daughter Jana
Puerto Vallarta , Mexico  CNN  -- It 's the life Sara Wise always dreamed of : a place with unbeatable weather , sunny beaches , good medical care and an active social life -- and all at very affordable prices . The former manager of retail businesses did n't find what she wanted in her native U.S. , but rather just south of the border in Mexico . For the last six years , the 63-year-old Minnesotan and her 70-year-old husband Mike Wise , both retired , have been enjoying the warm weather and friendly beaches of Puerto Vallarta , a resort on the Pacific coast . They have a very active social life and say they have more friends in Mexico than they ever did in the United States , mainly because Puerto Vallarta is full of people just like them . According to local government estimates , there are around 35,000 U.S. and Canadian citizens living in Puerto Vallarta , many of them retired like Mike and Sara . "  We get together and we have happy hours , we have wine and appetizers , we have coffees in different neighborhoods and we get together at different restaurants , " Sara Wise says . Medical care is another factor they considered when they decided to move here . To their surprise , they found more options for quality health care and at much more affordable prices than in the United States , including procedures like surgeries and advanced dental care . "  The accessibility to the doctors is something that we never experienced in the United States and from what we understand it 's getting more difficult , not less , " Mike Wise says . "  And the cost is somewhere between a quarter to a half of what things cost in the U.S. " Puerto Vallarta has adapted to this relatively new , foreign clientele . Around town , doctors and dentists put out signs in English , and often have English-speaking employees . Kimberly Altman , 63 , a retiree from California who has been living in Puerto Vallarta for three-and-a-half years , says a doctor 's visit is usually $ 40 . "  No matter what they do , $ 40 per visit and you can get to see them the very same day you need them . It 's very convenient in a lot of ways , " Altman says . Mike Altman , 68 , Kimberly 's husband , says affordability goes well beyond just medical care . For him , part of the beauty of living in Puerto Vallarta is how far dollars go when it comes to real estate . "  We have an ocean view , 3,000-square-foot condominium that I can afford on my Social Security . How 's that ? We have 24-hour security and indoor parking , " Altman says . According to the U.S. Department of State , 1 million American citizens of all ages live in Mexico , and 20.3 million visited as tourists -- making it the No. 1 destination for U.S. travelers . The number of expats living in Mexico has continued to grow , local officials say , despite safety concerns from the drug violence which has made headlines around the world . Jesus Gallegos Ã	Mexico has drug violence but it is still attractive to retirees Cost of homes and medicines are cheaper , they say In Puerto Vallarta , local businesses employing English speakers About 1 million U.S. citizens are living in Mexico , State Department says
Mental Floss  -- Remember that goofy uncle of yours who always tried to impress you by "  stealing your nose " or pulling the ol' separating-his-thumb-from-his-hand move ? Well , those parlor tricks are nothing compared to the appendage stunts pulled by these 10 famous people . John Wilkes Booth 's neck bones A painting of Napoleon in His Study by Jacques-Louis-David does n't give a hint at what body part went missing . John Wilkes Booth might have been a successful assassin , but he was a largely ineffectual escape artist . Just 12 days after murdering President Abraham Lincoln , Booth was shot in the back of the neck and killed . His body was  eventually  buried in an unmarked grave at Baltimore 's Green Mount Cemetery . His third , fourth , and fifth vertebrae , however , were removed during the autopsy so investigators could access the bullet . For a peek at those bits of Booth 's spinal column , just check out the display at the National Museum of Health and Medicine in Washington , D.C. Einstein 's brain Before he died , über-genius Albert Einstein considered donating his body to science . Unfortunately , he never put his wishes in writing . When he passed away in 1955 , Einstein 's family and friends made plans to cremate him , but the pathologist who performed the autopsy , Dr. Thomas Harvey , had a different idea . Instead , he opted to remove the math man 's brain and then tell the family about it . For 30-some years , Harvey had Al 's gray matter tucked away in his Wichita home in two Mason jars . Naturally , Einstein 's loved ones were n't thrilled when they found out , but they eventually allowed the misappropriated mind to be sliced into 240 sections and disbursed to researchers for examination . Today , many of the cerebral sections remain in scientific institutions , with the bulk held at Princeton Hospital . As for Einstein 's body , that was cremated and scattered in a secret location . "  Stonewall " Jackson 's arm Confederate General Thomas Jackson got his nickname by sitting astride his horse "  like a stone wall " while bullets whizzed around him during the Civil War . But that kind of bravery  or foolhardiness  did n't serve him well . During the Battle of Chancellorsville , Jackson was accidentally shot in the arm by one of his own men . Said arm had to be amputated , and afterward , it was buried in the nearby Virginia town of Ellwood . Only eight days later , Stonewall was stone-cold dead of pneumonia . The rest of his body is resting in peace in Lexington , Virginia . Saint Francis Xavier 's hand Francis Xavier was a saint with a few too many fans . In the early 16th century , the Spanish missionary was sent to Asia by the king of Portugal to convert as many souls to Christianity as possible . Turns out , he was pretty good at the job . Francis Xavier became wildly popular , and after his death in 1552 , so did his relics . In fact , demand out-fueled supply . Throughout several years and multiple exhumations , his body was whittled away . Today , half his left hand is in Cochin , India , while the other half is in Malacca , Malaysia . One of his arms resides in Rome , and various other cities lay claim to his internal organs . The leftovers ? They went to Goa , India . Napoleon 's bits and pieces Exiled emperor Napoleon Bonaparte died on May 5 , 1821 . The following day , doctors conducted an autopsy , which was reportedly witnessed by many people , including a priest named Ange Vignali . Though the body was said to be largely intact at the time of the undertaking , it seems the priest took home a souvenir . In 1916 , Vignali 's heirs sold a collection of Napoleonic artifacts , including what they claim to be the emperor 's penis . While no one knows for sure if it really is Napoleon 's , uh , manhood , people have paid good money for the penis . Currently , it 's in the possession of an American urologist . Oliver Cromwell 's head Oliver Cromwell , the straight-laced Puritan who usurped the English throne , was n't exactly a wild man . His head , however , was sometimes the life of the party . Cromwell died in 1658 , but two years later , the reinstated English monarchy exhumed , tried , and hanged his body , then dumped it in an unmarked grave . In addition , as a warning to would-be killers , his head was placed on a pike in Westminster Hall , where it remained for 20 years . After a subsequent stint in a small museum , it was sold in 1814 to a man named Josiah Henry Wilkinson  perhaps looking to parade it around as an exceptionally gruesome ice-breaker at parties  . Such was the ironic afterlife of the Puritan until 1960 , when his head was finally laid to rest in a chapel in Cambridge . E-mail to a friend For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Out of curiosity , war or science , body parts kept from final grave Napoleon 's penis allegedly in hands of U.S. doctor Saint Francis Xavier 's hands spread from Asia to Europe Gen. Stonewall Jackson 's body buried in two Virginia towns
New York  CNN  -- In a move intended to better track criminal suspects , New York City 's finest are now photographing the eyes of those they haul in . Adding eye scans to a list of police identification methods that include mug shots and fingerprinting , New York rolled out a fleet of new iris scanners in an initiative announced earlier this week , city officials said . The new measures are part of an effort to improve security and safeguard identities , said Police Commissioner Raymond Kelly . "  It 's a big , complex system , " Kelly said . "  We want to make sure it 's the right person when they get in front of the judge , so this is a common sense way to do that . " Police turned to scanners after two recent incidents in which prisoners escaped using false identities . Upon arrest , suspects now will be required to look directly into binocular-like devices that photograph the iris -- the circular diaphragm forming the colored portion of the eye -- and store the image in a police database . When the suspect appears in court , police will match the scan to see whether the image corresponds with records in the system , Kelly said . But the tiny cameras are drawing opposition from civil liberties groups who call the new police measures excessive . "  The police department is hitting a fly with a sledgehammer , " said Steven Banks , attorney in chief of the city 's Legal Aid Society . "  There 's been an extensive legislative debate in New York state in which the legislature only permits the police department to collect DNA evidence in certain kinds of cases . So it 's incumbent upon the police department not to find a whole new technology and then forge ahead without any legislative authority . " Proponents of the devices say the new initiative falls within existing identification measures . "  We are authorized to take pictures , " Kelly said . "  This is just a picture of your iris . ... We 're matching that iris to see if you 're the same individual . Our lawyers say we do n't need any mandate to do it . " Twenty-one machines will be set up throughout the city , Kelly said , which includes scanners employed in Manhattan earlier this week . Police put the price tag at $ 500,000 , paid for through a U.S. Department of Homeland Security grant , which raises the question whether the device could be potentially used an anti-terrorism tool . "  That 's not our intention here , but it has potential , " Kelly said . "  Just like all technology has potential for growth , for innovation , for development , " he added . "  But right now , this is simply a process to help us better identify someone and prevent us from making mistakes . "	New York City rolled out a fleet of new iris scanners in a police initiative announced this week Police turned to scanners after recent escapes of inmates who used false identities Civil liberty groups say NYPD is "  hitting a fly with a sledgehammer " City officials say department is "  authorized to take pictures , " including photos of irises
CNN  -- Investigators probing the June crash of an Air France flight in the Atlantic Ocean still do not know what brought the plane down , who was at the controls when it crashed , or what the pilots did in the moments leading up to the disaster , according to a new report released Thursday . "  At this stage ... it is still not possible to understand the causes and circumstances of the accident , " investigators said in the report . Flight 447 -- an Airbus A330 -- went down in stormy weather in the Atlantic Ocean June 1 while flying from Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , to Charles de Gaulle Airport in Paris , France . All 228 people on board were killed . Most of the bodies were never recovered . France 's air accident investigation agency , the BEA , released its second interim report into the crash Thursday . It had been planning a news conference at the same time , but canceled it because of snow in Paris . The plane hit the water belly first , essentially intact , studies of the debris and the bodies that have been recovered show . Oxygen masks were not deployed , indicating that the cabin did not depressurize , the report said . Automated messages sent from the plane in the minutes before the crash showed there were problems measuring airspeed , the investigators said . But that alone was not enough to cause the disaster , they added . "  Inconsistency in the measurements of airspeeds was one of the elements in a chain of events that led to the accident , though this alone can not explain it , " the report says . Large parts of the plane -- including the flight data recorder and cockpit voice recorder -- have never been found , leaving investigators without key pieces of the puzzle . Investigators are preparing to begin a new search for the recorders in February , the report said . But the area where the plane went down is far out in the Atlantic -- two to four days for ships from the nearest ports in Brazil or Senegal in west Africa . The underwater terrain is rough , with great variations in depth -- that is , underwater mountains and valleys -- over short distances , the report says . The new search will involve air accident investigators from the United Kingdom , Germany , Brazil , Russia , the United States and France , as well as the U.S. Navy . The search is planned to last 60 days , the report said . Jean-Paul Troadec , director of the French investigation bureau , told reporters earlier this week that the new search , about 1,000 kilometers  600 miles  from Brazil 's northeast coast , will involve sonar and robot submarines . Troadec was in Rio de Janeiro to speak to the relatives of the 58 Brazilians who were on board , the French news agency AFP reported Sunday . "  We tried to convince the families that we are conducting the investigation with the full intention of getting to the truth , " he said . Tests have already brought into question the performance of pitot tubes , which measure the pressure exerted on the plane as it flies through the air , and are part of a system used to determine air speed . Before it crashed , Flight 447 sent out 24 automated error messages that suggested the plane may have been flying too fast or too slow through the thunderstorms , officials have said . The European Aviation Safety Agency issued a directive in late August requiring airlines to replace pitot tubes manufactured by Thales Avionics on Airbus A330s and A340s . It said airlines should replace them with other Thales tubes and those manufactured by Goodrich .	Investigators still do n't know what caused an Air France jet to crash The flight data recorder and cockpit voice recorder have never been found Investigators are preparing to begin a new search for the recorders in February Flight 447 went down in stormy weather in the Atlantic Ocean on June 1 , 2009
CNN  -- Researchers have discovered the oldest piece of gold jewelry ever found in the Americas , an academic journal reported Tuesday . A gold and turquoise necklace , made 4,000 years ago , was found in a burial site near Lake Titicaca . A team found the gold necklace near Lake Titicaca in Peru , according to the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences . It 's 4,000 years old -- 600 years older than any other gold jewelry discovered in the Western Hemisphere . The anthropologist who discovered the gold , Mark Aldenderfer , told CNN on Tuesday night that he sensed the importance of his find after noticing a glint while excavating a site with human remains . "  It appeared to be gold . That 's when I knew we had something special , " he said . "  This was a complete shock . " He found the necklace about seven years ago , he said , but researchers kept quiet for fear that looters would raid the site . They also wanted to allow time for chemical analysis before announcing their discovery on Tuesday . Video footage from Peru shows a necklace of nine gold tubes separated by 10 stones . The find is important , Aldenderfer said , because it signals the early emergence of a desire for status among people who lived as relative equals without a formal leadership system . The Andean people of that time , Aldenderfer said , had recently settled down after many generations as hunter-gatherers . Formal kings would not emerge for hundreds of years . The person who wore the gold necklace may have sought to distinguish himself with a status symbol , Aldenderfer said . The artifact is in the custody of the National Institute of Peru and may be displayed in a museum , he said . E-mail to a friend	A team finds the gold necklace near Lake Titicaca in Peru Find is important because it signals the emergence of societal status systems The artifact is in the custody of the National Institute of Peru
CNN  -- The woman at the center of a scandal that led to the firing of University of Arkansas football coach Bobby Petrino resigned from her job at the school on Tuesday . Jessica Dorrell , the football program 's student athlete development coordinator , had been placed on paid administrative leave after it was discovered that she had a consensual relationship with Petrino . That relationship came to light after Petrino was involved in a motorcycle crash on April 1 . Dorrell , a former Arkansas volleyball player , was a passenger on Petrino 's motorcycle , but he did not initially disclose that information . Through its investigation , the school learned that Petrino , a married father of four , had given Dorrell "  some $ 20,000 " before she was hired and failed to disclose their relationship when recommending her for the job with the department , thereby giving her "  an unfair and undisclosed advantage for a position on his football staff . " Dorrell beat out 158 applicants for the job she was hired for on March 23 . "  While Ms. Dorrell had a legitimate right to apply for and accept a position within the football program , the circumstances surrounding the former coach 's decision to hire her compromised her ability to be effective in such a position , " athletics director Jeff Long said on Tuesday . "  She and I believe she should have the opportunity to move on . " Dorrell agreed she would n't attempt to sell or profit from her affiliation with Razorbacks Athletics , officials said . The university will pay Dorrell approximately $ 14,000 as part of the settlement . The school announced that there were no immediate plans to re-open or publicize the job opportunity .	Jessica Dorrell resigns her position at University of Arkansas Dorrell had a consensual relationship with school 's former football coach Bobby Petrino Dorrell will receive $ 14,000 as part of a financial settlement with the university
CNN  -- Sudanese President Omar Hassan al-Bashir , facing an international arrest warrant , is paying the price for pandering to the West , al Qaeda 's second-in-command said in an audio statement released Tuesday . Ayman al-Zawahiri , seen here in 2007 , said Tuesday the Sudanese president pandered to the West . "  I am not defending Omar al-Bashir or his regime , nor am I defending what it has done in Darfur and elsewhere , " Ayman al-Zawahiri said in the statement released by al Qaeda 's production company , as-Sahab Media . But , he said , "  the issue is n't one of Darfur and solving its problems ; the issue is one of making excuses for more foreign interference in the Muslims ' countries in the framework of the contemporary Zionist Crusade . " The warrant issued by the International Criminal Court earlier this month accuses al-Bashir of war crimes and crimes against humanity , charges he denies . In response , Sudan ordered 13 international aid groups to leave the country , groups that the United Nations says provide roughly half the assistance delivered in Darfur . "  The Bashir regime is reaping what it sowed , " al-Zawahiri said . "  For many long years , it continued to back down and backtrack in front of American Crusader pressure . " He further accused Sudan of expelling members of the mujahedeen who had sought refuge there , particularly Osama bin Laden , and declaring "  in an audacious lie that they had left voluntarily , then attempting to beg payment for that from the Saudi regime and the Americans . " Al-Zawahiri asked , "  Why has n't the United Nations moved to protect the Palestinians in Gaza from Israeli barbarity and criminality , while it pretends to cry over the suffering of the people of Darfur ? Why has n't the United Nations and the international community intervened to lift the siege from Gaza , while it pretends to cry over the people of Darfur being deprived of relief and aid ? " "  The Sudanese regime continued to pant for American approval , and it agreed to the division of the Sudan , paved the way for the imminent secession of the south , provided all the information it had on the emigrants and mujahedeen to the American government , and handed over some of them to the regimes of treason and criminality in their countries , " al-Zawahiri said . "  But despite all that , the senior criminals were n't satisfied with it and continued to besiege it with demands and interference , even going so far as to demand the arrest of its leaders and prominent figures . " He said he wants to send a message to Muslims in Sudan , telling them they are being targeted so that Islam can be eliminated from the country . "  And in order for Islam to be eliminated from the Sudan , a justification must be found for Western military intervention , " he said . The audio message is the fifth released this year by al-Zawahiri and the fourth in English , according to Virginia-based IntelCenter . The center said on its Web site it focuses "  on studying terrorist groups and other threat actors ... and disseminating that information in a timely manner to those who can act on it . "	Ayman al-Zawahiri says he is not defending Sudanese regime , actions in Darfur President Omar Hassan al-Bashir accused of war crimes , crimes against humanity Al-Zawahiri says Sudan expelled Osama bin Laden , other mujahedeen He further asks why U.N. cares so much about Darfur , so little about Gaza
Washington  CNN  -- One-time Republican vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin may have sent a clear message to the political world , analysts say , by signing a deal to become a TV commentator . That message : She 's unlikely to run in the 2012 presidential race . "  I do think maybe it suggests , sadly for Democrats , that she might not be running , " said Democratic strategist and CNN contributor Paul Begala . "  Democrats ... are pretty confident they can defeat Sarah Palin . She 's not going to beat Barack Obama . " The former Alaska governor has signed a deal with Fox News to appear as a contributor on the network , a source with knowledge of the agreement confirms to CNN . There are no plans for Palin to anchor her own program , the source said . "  Let 's first hope for -LSB- Fox News President -RSB- Roger Ailes ' sake that she does n't quit that job the way she quit her job as governor of Alaska , " Begala joked . Nancy Pfotenhauer , a former McCain presidential campaign spokesperson , also indicated that Palin 's new job is a possible sign of things to come . "  There 's a slight indication she may not run , " she said . "  I assume this is a business decision on the part of both Fox News and on Gov. Palin 's part . " Begala , though , did give Palin praise for her TV gig . "  It 's indoor work . It 's interesting and lucrative . I 'm all for it , " he said . "  Congratulations for the former governor of Alaska . " Palin is hardly alone in top Republicans-turned-TV talking heads . After the 2008 GOP presidential primaries , former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee joined Fox News as the host of his own show . Karl Rove , a former top aide to President George W. Bush , also joined Fox News as a commentator . Michael Steele , the current chairman of the Republican National Committee , was once a Fox News contributor as well . Mary Matalin , a former top aide to Vice President Dick Cheney , is now a CNN contributor alongside her husband James Carville and Begala -- top Democratic aides to then President Clinton . One of Begala and Carville 's colleagues -- George Stephanopolous -- has been a long-time political analyst at ABC News , who later hosted his own Sunday TV show "  This Week . " Most recently , he was named as the host of ABC 's "  Good Morning America . " On MSNBC , former Florida GOP Rep. Joe Scarborough now hosts his own TV show called "  Morning Joe . " Pat Buchanan , a leading conservative voice and former presidential candidate , also graces MSNBC 's airwaves giving his take on politics . Since leaving office , Palin has become a vocal critic of the Obama administration 's policies . She recently released her autobiography "  Going Rogue " and toured the country promoting her book .	Sarah Palin will appear as a contributor on Fox News , source tells CNN Source : Former Alaska governor will not anchor her own program Palin joins ranks of many other politicians who have become analysts , co-contributors
The Hollywood Reporter  Add another fan-favorite character to the cast of next year 's "  X-Men : Apocalypse , " with director Bryan Singer announcing via Instagram that Olivia Munn will play the telepathic Psylocke in the follow-up to "  X-Men : Days of Future Past . " Singer revealed that the "  Newsroom " actress would play Betsy Braddock in the movie  presumably before the confusing and complicated plot twist that saw Psylocke change from a Caucasian former supermodel to a Japanese ninja for no immediately obvious reason  . "  Apocalypse " is currently in production for a summer 2016 release . More : "  X-Men : Apocalypse " casts fan favorite Jubilee The comic book 's Psylocke was created by Chris Claremont and Herb Trimpe for the British "  Captain Britain " series , where she appeared throughout the 1970s and '80s , before joining the X-Men in 1987 's "  Uncanny X-Men " No. 213 . Since that time , she has been a mainstay both of the main team and spin-off series including "  Exiles " and "  X-Force . " More : What newcomers need to know about Marvel 's "  Secret Wars " Munn will join a cast that includes James McAvoy , Michael Fassbender and Jennifer Lawrence in the movie , which hits theaters May 27 , 2016 . Munn is repped by Creative Artists Agency and Atlas Artists . More : Does the big plot twist in "  Terminator Genisys " blow up the franchise ? © 2015 The Hollywood Reporter . All rights reserved .	Olivia Munn will play Psylocke in "  X-Men : Apocalypse " film Psylocke trended for hours on Twitter after director Bryan Singer announced casting
CNN  It moves millions of people around the British capital every day , acted as a giant air raid shelter during World War II and in more recent times sections of it have been transformed to host hydroponic farms . Now the London Underground is being touted as a stylish new subterranean route for pedestrians and cyclists . London Underline -- which won the award for best conceptual project at the London Planning Awards last week -- proposes transforming disused tube tunnels into a network of underground pathways that will reduce the pressure on the city 's bustling streets . The plans also highlight the possibility of offering excess space up for cultural and retail projects . "  Our concept proposes repurposing underutilized infrastructure to provide quick links between existing tube stations and key London landmarks and destinations , " said Ian Mulcahey , managing director of Gensler London , the architecture and design firm behind the idea . An artist 's rendering of an underline passageway show hip young things strolling past an underground coffee shop while a happy cyclist gives the thumbs up . In another image , a graffiti artist crouches down to tag an idle wall with her colorful signature . "  Anything is possible , " Mulcahey continued . "  Our vision for the London Underline relies on infrastructure that 's already in place . We 'd like to bring it back to life . " In their submission to the LPA competition , Gensler highlighted the green credentials of the project as well as its transportation benefits . Pavegen technology which transforms footsteps into kinetic energy would help power electricity and WiFi networks in the tunnels , the company said . On top of all this , Underline could provide the added benefit of helping to reduce accidents involving cyclists on the road . There were 489 cycle incidents classed as fatal and serious in London 's in 2013 , according to data from Transport For London , the city 's transport authority . However , some critics and cycle groups have branded the project as gimmicky and not a plan that would make cycling more convenient . "  This is something that rears its head every so often , ideas to put cycle pathways underground or in the sky , " said Rosie Downs of the London Cycling Campaign group . Architect Norman Foster unveiled designs for SkyCycle , a network of elevated bike paths hoisted aloft above railway lines , in early 2014 although little has been heard of the idea since . A spokesperson for TFL also told CNN that even though there are a number of disused stations and tunnels beneath the streets of London there were none of "  significant length that are not already part of our operational railway . " Downes said she would rather see "  Dutch style " infrastructure put in place on existing road networks to separate cyclists and heavy traffic . And TFL recently granted permission for two new sections of "  cycle superhighways " which reserve long stretches of London road for cyclists only . "  The greatest way to encourage cycling is to make it easier for people to plan local trips to the shops or to schools , " Downes said . "  Obviously if you are proposing underground tunnels , that 's just not going to work , " as many bike journeys wo n't go anywhere near the subway network , she added . Yet Mulcahey counters that the the Gensler idea is designed to augment existing cycle infrastructure rather than compete with it . Even if the London Underline idea does n't take off , he thinks it could be applied to other cities with large underground networks . "  Commentators from all over the world are reaching out for more information about our proposal , to evaluate it against their own disused infrastructure , " Mulcahey said . "  What we are saying with the London Underline is that we need to look at all the spaces that currently exist within cities , and ask ourselves : ` Are we using them in the best way that we can ? ' If not , what else could we do ? "	Disused London underground tunnels proposed as pathways for cyclists and pedestrians The concept was awarded first prize at the London Planning Awards last week Cycle and transport counter idea may not be best option to encourage more people to cycle
CareerBuilder  -- I 'm probably as sick of writing about job loss as you are reading about it . But I have some good news to report . The Brookings Institute released the Q3 edition of its MetroMonitor , a "  quarterly , interactive barometer of the health of America 's 100 largest metropolitan economies . " The MetroMonitor analyzes trends in U.S. metro employment , unemployment , economic performance , housing prices and real estate-owned properties to determine the rate of the country 's recession and recovery . So what did they find with regards to jobs ? Looking at Q2 2009 to Q3 2009 , the overall percent change in employment change in the top 100 largest metro areas was -0.5 percent and also -0.5 percent for the entire U.S. Eleven metros that saw increases in employment in the last quarter and another six saw no change at all . Here are the 11 metros that saw positive job growth : McAllen-Edinburg-Mission , Texas Change in employment Q2 2009-Q3 2009 : 1.3 New Orleans-Metairie-Kenner , Louisiana Change in employment Q2 2009-Q3 2009 : 0.6 New York-Northern New Jersey-Long Island , New York , Pennsylvania Change in employment Q2 2009-Q3 2009 : 0.5 Omaha-Council Bluffs , Nebraska-Iowa Change in employment Q2 2009-Q3 2009 : 0.5 Columbia , South Carolina Change in employment Q2 2009-Q3 2009 : 0.3 Worcester , Massachusetts Change in employment Q2 2009-Q3 2009 : 0.2 Jackson , Mississippi Change in employment Q2 2009-Q3 2009 : 0.2 Raleigh-Cary , North Carolina Change in employment Q2 2009-Q3 2009 : 0.1 Washington-Arlington-Alexandria , DC-Virginia-Maryland-W . Virginia Change in employment Q2 2009-Q3 2009 : 0.1 Madison , Wisconsin Change in employment Q2 2009-Q3 2009 : 0.1 Syracuse , New York Change in employment Q2 2009-Q3 2009 : 0.1 The MetroMonitor also compared the largest 100 metros ' peak employment quarter to the most recent quarter  Q3 2009  , measuring the extent to which employment has recovered from the recession 's full impact . In that respect , only one metro area has seen employment growth from its peak until Q3 : McAllen-Edinburg-Mission , Texas , whose employment has risen 1.4 percent . When you consider that the percent change in employment for the 100 largest metro areas was down -4.3 percent since the peak and down -4.6 percent for the entire U.S. , there seems to be a lot more healing to go ... but at least we seem to be on the right track . & copy CareerBuilder.com 2010 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority .	The Brookings Institute says employment growing in some areas , according to CareerBuilder MetroMonitor , a barometer of health of 100 largest U.S. metropolitan economies Says largest employment growth in McAllen-Edinburg-Mission , Texas In second place was New Orleans-Metairie-Kenner , Louisiana
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- Iraqi forces have tightened security in and around the Shiite holy city of Karbala as tens of thousands of pilgrims pour in ahead of this weekend 's culmination of a revered mourning period . Scores of pilgrims -- who make the journey on foot -- have been killed and wounded in recent days in attacks that have been blamed on Sunni extremists , who have routinely targeted the pilgrims . On Thursday , at least two pilgrims were killed and more than a dozen wounded in two attacks south of Baghdad , the Interior Ministry said . In Latifiya , a roadside bomb detonated near Shiite pilgrims walking to the southern city of Karbala , killing at least one pilgrim and wounding six others , the ministry said . In a separate attack , a parked car bomb exploded near the city of Hilla , killing at least one pilgrim and wounding 10 others , the ministry said . The attacks coincide with a political deadlock -- which has the government divided along sectarian lines -- that is raising fears , in the wake of the U.S. military 's withdrawal from Iraq , of a return to the sectarian bloodshed that nearly tore the country apart during the height of the war . Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki ordered security tightened following a series of attacks on pilgrims . Security forces have sealed roads and increased the number of checkpoints on the main roads leading into the city , a three-day walk south for pilgrims making their way south from Baghdad . The pilgrimage , known as Arbaeen , marks the end of a 40-day mourning period that commemorates the seventh century death of Imam Hussein , the grandson of the Prophet Mohammed . Hussein was killed during a battle near Karbala for control of the Muslim nation following Mohammed 's death in 632 . Hussein 's death led to a split between Sunni and Shiite Muslims . During Saddam Hussein 's rule , the Sunni leader forbade pilgrims from making the journey on foot . He also banned some ritualistic practices . Following the U.S.-led invasion that toppled Saddam , the pilgrimages grew in numbers . This year 's pilgrimage comes just weeks after the U.S. military pulled its troops from the country ahead of an end-of-the-year deadline to withdraw . "  We are used to bombings . It is normal for us to face that in our daily life , " said Said Duraid Mohammed , a pilgrim . "  And for the pilgrimage and Imam Hussein , we are ready to step on the bombs . " Another pilgrim , who identified himself as Mohammed , said he was going to Karbala in spite of the danger . "  We are going to mourn Imam Hussein , even if the terrorists bomb us and kill us , " he said . "  We are still going . " At least 12 people were killed and more than 50 wounded Monday in car bomb attacks on two predominantly Shiite communities in Baghdad . On January 5 , a suicide bomber struck an army checkpoint in the southern city of Nasiriya where pilgrims were gathered , an attack that killed at least 44 people and wounded 70 others .	NEW : Two pilgrims killed and many injured in attacks Thursday Thousands of Shiite pilgrims are making their way to Karbala to mark Arbaeen Scores of pilgrims have been killed in attacks blamed on Sunni extremists Iraqi security forces have sealed roads around Karbala
CNN  -- Those aboard an American Airlines airplane from London got to see a little more of America than they expected Friday , after their flight was diverted to Tulsa , Oklahoma , due to engine trouble . Flight 79 took off from Heathrow Airport at 3 p.m.  10 a.m. ET  , destined for Dallas , Texas , according to American Airlines ' website . The Boeing 777-200 airliner made it over the United States , but not to its final destination . It was diverted to Tulsa due to an issue with the plane 's left engine , American Airlines spokeswoman Laura Masvidal told CNN . She did not specify what the issue was . Its flight crew declared an emergency before landing at Tulsa 's airport shortly after 6:30 p.m. CT  7:30 p.m. ET  . One problem -- besides whatever happened to the left engine -- is that Tulsa 's airport does n't have U.S. Customs and Border Protection workers on hand to handle incoming international travelers . That means the aircraft 's 230 passengers and 14 crew members have to wait on the airport 's tarmac , according to Masvidal . The aircraft that will take them to Dallas was set to leave that Texas city around 9:15 p.m. for Tulsa . According to American 's website , it should have Flight 79 's passengers and presumably crew on board when it departs Oklahoma at 10 p.m. . If all goes according to plan -- this time around -- this aircraft should arrive at Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport a few minutes after 11 p.m. local time . For those keeping score at home , that amounts to 14 hours after Flight 79 's passengers first took off from London . CNN 's Mayra Cuevas contributed to this report .	American Airlines Flight 79 took off from London , destined for Dallas Spokeswoman : Its crew declared an emergency due to a left engine issue The 777 had to sit on the tarmac because Tulsa did n't have Customs agents A new aircraft will pick up the passengers and fly them to Texas
Washington  CNN  -- Republican presidential hopeful Mitt Romney threw his campaign another curve ball when he revived the sensitive "  birther " issue while campaigning in his native Michigan on Friday . Speaking before a friendly crowd in the Detroit suburb of Commerce , Romney noted that he and his wife , Ann , were born at nearby hospitals . "  No one 's ever asked to see my birth certificate . They know that this is the place that we were born and raised . " he said . The crowd roared at the quip , which was seemingly directed at President Barack Obama , who has faced questions for years from some conservative Republican quarters about his birthplace . Only U.S.-born citizens can be president and Obama released his full birth certificate last year from Hawaii to quiet critics . Romney has said he believes Obama was born in the United States and that the issue was put to rest last year . Although the zinger once again cast Republican candidate away from their key message : that Obama has mismanaged the economy and Romney is the better of the two to get things back on track . Political analysts agree that Romney does much better when he sticks to economic issues and his experience in business , two themes Republicans will stress at next week 's nominating convention in Tampa . But this week , Romney and Republicans nationally have been consumed by a political firestorm caused by Missouri Senate candidate Todd Akin 's explosive comments on rape and pregnancy . Romney spent a good amount of time since they were aired on Sunday in a St. Louis television interview denouncing Akin 's remarks and fielding questions about abortion . And now , his campaign is responding to ` birther ' questions . A Romney aide that he was only pointing out that Michigan is the state where he was "  born and raised . " Michael Tanner , a senior fellow at the Cato Institute , author of Leviathan on the Right : How Big-Government Conservatism Brought Down the Republican Revolution , believed it was just Romney being awkward in trying to make a point about his roots . Some found them puzzling . "  I 'm somewhat surprised that he would make that joke because he 's done a good job confirming that President Obama was the legitimate president of the United States , " said Andra Gillespie an associate professor of political science at Emory University and author of "  The New Black Politician . " Romney has had a hard time appealing to the right wing of the Republican base , and the comment could , to some , have been a way getting a bump in support -- including financial support -- heading into the convention , said Mark Anthony Neal , an African-American studies professor at Duke University and the author of several books , including "  New Black Man : Rethinking Black Masculinity . " "  The best way to do that is to play to the crassest elements of the base , " Neal said . Others felt the comments subtly signaled race . "  The ` birther ' issues is only an issue that involves the country 's first black president , " said Fredrick C. Harris , a political science professor and director of Columbia University 's Center on African-American Politics and Society . "  And so it raises questions still about the legitimacy about this administration . " And for others , it is a problem of message control when the campaign faces periods of stress . On his overseas trip last month , Romney offended Britons when he questioned the city 's readiness to host the Olympics and Palestinians when he credited Israeli culture for its economic success . "  It does speak to a lack of discipline overall , " Tanner said of Romney 's birth certificate comment . "  Look , candidates are going to say dumb things , the president said there were 57 states in the country . God knows what Joe Biden will say on any given day . If you give 100 speeches , you 're going to mess something up . But the Romney campaign does n't seem to respond well to this . "	` No one has ever asked to see my birth certificate , ' Romney said in his native Michigan Quip another distraction for Romney campaign preparing for RNC convention Was Romney trying to appeal to conservative base or was it just an awkward comment ? Romney campaign said that candidate believes Obama was born in the United States
CNN  -- President Barack Obama asserted during Monday 's presidential debate that it cost the United States less to help oust Libyan dictator Moammar Gadhafi than it did to run two weeks of the 2003-2011 war in Iraq Obama , debating former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney at Lynn University in Boca Raton , Florida , made the comment while touting his decision to involve the United States in a NATO no-fly-zone operation that helped rebels overthrow Gadhafi over seven months in 2011 . The statement : Obama : "  Keep in mind that I , and Americans , took leadership in organizing an international coalition that made sure that we were able to -- without putting troops on the ground , at the cost of less than what we spent in two weeks in Iraq -- liberate a country that had been under the yoke of dictatorship for 40 years . Fact Check : Romney , Obama and Iraq The facts : We can attempt a comparison by examining the Defense Department 's spending on the two operations . The war in Iraq cost the Defense Department tens of billions of dollars a year , reaching a peak in fiscal 2008 , when the department 's Iraq obligations reached a monthly average of $ 11.1 billion , according to the Congressional Research Service . That year covered a good portion of the 2007-2008 U.S. troop surge . Obama mentioned the cost at the two-week level . In fiscal 2004 -- the first full fiscal year of the war -- the department 's Iraq obligations averaged $ 2.21 billion every two weeks , according to the CRS . That average rose every year through fiscal 2008 , when the average two-week obligation was $ 5.12 billion . Those are obligations -- basically the amount needed to be paid , and not the actual amount paid to date . We give you the obligations because the CRS says the Pentagon did n't track actual outlays until fiscal 2009 . But , the CRS 's report says that "  average obligations for a fiscal year are a good indicator of ongoing operational costs . " By fiscal 2011 , which ended shortly before all U.S. troops were out of the country , the Pentagon 's spending had fallen to an average of $ 2.8 billion every two weeks , according to data from the CRS . Fact Check : Is al Qaeda 's core decimated or growing ? The rate of U.S. military spending on the 2011 operation in Libya was significantly less . The multi-country operation to enforce a no-fly zone over Libya began on March 19 , 2011 , with U.S. aircraft and ships helping to disable Libya 's air defense network and airfields . The most expensive phase in Libya for the Pentagon appears to have been in March . The cost of initial operations through March 28 , 2011 , was estimated at $ 550 million , according to the CRS . By April , Libya 's air defenses were rendered pretty much useless , so the daily expense of the operation declined precipitously . NATO took over the operation in April and maintained leadership through the day of Gadhafi 's death in October 2011 . The Pentagon said its cost from April 1 through September 30 was about $ 1.1 billion . That included daily military operations , munitions , the drawdown of supplies and humanitarian assistance . Adding the two figures , you get about $ 1.65 billion . Vice President Joe Biden told CNN in October 2011 that the operation "  cost us $ 2 billion . " It 's not clear whether he was referring to only Pentagon expenditures . Conclusion : Comparing only Pentagon expenditures , two weeks of military operations in Iraq generally appear to have been more expensive than the U.S. military role in the seven-month Libya operation . Complete coverage of CNN 's Fact Checks CNN 's Jason Hanna and Diana Laposta contributed to this report .	President Obama says Libya operation cost less than two weeks of war in Iraq CRS : In 2008 , Pentagon 's obligations in Iraq reached average of $ 5.12 billion every two weeks Pentagon , CRS say cost of U.S. portion of 2011 military operation in Libya was more than $ 1.6 billion
CNN  -- One of the most cosmopolitan cities in Africa , Johannesburg is multicultural and multifaceted . Make the most of your time there with these tips . The Apartheid Museum is an often disturbing view of South Africa 's troubled past . Apartheid Museum It 's a disturbing experience , but a visit to Apartheid Museum is essential if you want to understand the city 's troubled past . On arrival , visitors are randomly allocated a pass labeling them as white or non-white , referencing the apartheid pass laws that obliged black South Africans to carry identity passes at all times . Harrowing multimedia displays and news footage recreate the brutality of the apartheid era , while nooses hanging from the ceiling represent the political prisoners executed under the system . Less bleak are the tributes to those who fought against the injustice of that era , paving the way for equality and democracy in today 's South Africa . The museum is open between 10 am and 5 pm  GMT +2  Tuesday to Sunday . Admission is R30  $ 3.20  . For more information visit http://www.apartheidmuseum.org/ Meaty treat The Carnivore is one of the city 's more unusual restaurants . A few miles outside Jo ' burg proper , on the Muldersdrift Estate , The Carnivore is designed to satisfy your primal meat cravings . As well as the usual chicken , lamb and beef dishes , this eatery offers an intriguing selection of big game dishes , including crocodile , giraffe and ostrich . There are veggie options available for those who are n't tempted by the thought of slow-roasted impala , but if you choose the vegetable lasagna you may never find out if crocodile really does take like chicken . See Hugh Masekela 's Johannesburg " Day tripping Jo ' burg is well positioned for some interesting day trips . Pretoria is just 50km away , but has a very different to feel to Johannesburg , offering more of an insight into Afrikaans history . The Voortrekker monument and museum , just outside the city , celebrate the pioneer spirit of the Boer and their "  Great Trek " from the Cape to the country 's interior . If African wildlife is more your scene , head to The Lion Park , a small nature reserve about 25km north of Johannesburg . It 's not the full safari experience , but you will get to see lions , cheetahs , antelopes , zebra and impala , among other local fauna . What are your tips for Johannesburg ? Let us know below . Get around Too big to explore on foot , Jo ' burg is a driver 's city . Public transport is generally poor and minibus taxis and the Metro train are crime hotspots . There are plenty of car-hire outlets in the city but if you 'd prefer someone else to do the driving City Tours offer minibuses to destinations including Soweto and The Lion Park . The advantage of a tour is that your guides can offer a local 's insight into the city 's history and culture . Crime There 's no doubt that progress has been made in reducing crime over the last couple of years , but it remains a problem in many parts of the city . ATMs are a magnet for criminals . Be sure to only use ATMs in well-lit areas and be wary of people offering to help you use them . If you 're driving , keep the car doors locked at all times and do n't open the windows too wide . Keep your wits about you when stopped at traffic lights and when you 're getting into and out of the car , and keep your valuables out of sight . Put bluntly , it is not safe to walk around most of Johannesburg after dark .	A visit to the Apartheid Museum offers an insight into the city 's troubled past Sample the delights of crocodile and giraffe meat at the Carnivore restaurant If you prefer your game alive and in its natural setting , head to The Lion Park The best way to explore the city , and visit nearby Pretoria , is to hire a car
CNN  -- Former "  Jersey Shore " star Mike "  The Situation " Sorrentino was charged with simple assault after a fight in a tanning salon he co-owns with his brother . Video captured by Splash News showed a smiling Sorrentino walking out of the Middletown , New Jersey , police station after posting a $ 500 bond Tuesday afternoon . His right eye appeared bruised and scratches were visible on his neck . The Situation told the photographer that the fight happened because his brother "  was not running the store correctly , so I had to go in there and clean house , in more ways than one . " Sorrentino , 31 , was the only person charged in the fight , according to Police Lt. Stephen Dollinger . The Situation : I 'm not the same person I was before Sorrentino , who appeared in six seasons of the MTV reality series "  Jersey Shore , " emerged from a stint in drug rehab two years ago declaring that he was a changed man . "  Mike today ? I wake every day these days with a smile , " he said at the time . "  Happy to be alive . Happy to have the family that I have . Happy to have the fans that I have , the friends . Happy to be involved in the show ... almost like a smell-the-roses moment . ... I know where I am and I know where I 'm gon na be and that 's all that counts . " CNN 's Jane Caffrey contributed to this report .	Splash News video shows bruised , but smiling Mike Sorrentino leaving jail Sorrentino blames fight on differences on how tanning salon he co-owns is run "  I had to go in there and clean house , in more ways than one , " he tells photographer "  The Situation " was the only person charged , police say
CNN  -- Another Africa Cup of Nations , another failure for the Ivory Coast 's "  golden generation . " But while Didier Drogba may never get the chance to lift the continent 's coveted trophy , another African football superpower is on course to end its own long wait for success . Nigeria set up a semifinal clash with Mali by beating the seemingly perennial tournament-favorite Ivorians 2-1 in Rustenburg on Sunday . The "  Super Eagles " have not won the title since 1994 , a year the team reached fifth in the world rankings -- the highest by any African nation . Since then Nigeria has had to settle for three third placings between 2002-10 , and did n't even qualify for last year 's tournament . It was a period of turmoil , as the country 's president Goodluck Jonathan at first banned the national side for two years after a poor showing at the 2010 World Cup before world ruling body FIFA threatened even harsher sanctions , and the ruler backed down . Under the guidance of former international player Stephen Keshi , Nigeria came through Group C with a win and two draws this month and then beat a side that the coach called "  the top team on the continent . " "  I want to thank God for this wonderful victory , and sincerely thank my players for everything they did today . I hope we can keep going to the final , " the former Togo and Mali coach told reporters ahead of Wednesday 's semi in Durban . "  Ivory Coast are the top team on the continent with lots of quality , so we tried to speed up and try to catch out players like Drogba and Yaya Toure . "  I 'm glad my team is progressing in every game -- there is great discipline in the team and I just hope we keep going that way . " Nigeria took the lead just before halftime when Emmanuel Emenike 's free-kick went straight through Ivory Coast goalkeeper Boubacar Barry for his third goal of the tournament in South Africa . Cheick Tiote leveled with a header from veteran captain Drogba 's free-kick on the left , but Sunday Mba gave Nigeria victory as he beat three men and unleashed a 20-yard shot that was deflected past Barry . The 24-year-old is one of five Nigeria-based players in the 23-man squad -- none from the country 's top league featured in the 2008 or 2010 finals . "  The boys showed character . When I played for Nigeria I had to fight , fight , fight and they did that today , " Keshi said . "  When the Ivorians leveled we tried to defend and work out our tactics , and we scored again . Sunday came up with a beautiful , beautiful goal . " Ivory Coast coach Sabri Lamouchi took responsibility for his team 's surprise exit . "  I put forward the team I judged to be the best to pose problems to a good Nigeria side , " said the Frenchman , who took over after last year 's penalty shootout defeat in the final against Zambia . "  Of course our aim was to win the title , and for certain players this could be their last chance so , yes , there is disappointment in the dressing room . "  It 's a great sadness for me as the players were working with one objective -- to win this Nations Cup -- but it proved not to be enough . " Drogba and most of the Elephants squad will now head back to Europe -- the 34-year-old will join his new Turkish club Galatasaray , where Ivory Coast teammate Emmanuel Eboue also plays . Two-time African player of the year Yaya Toure will go back to England with his brother Kolo to help Manchester City 's faltering Premier League title defense . Meanwhile , Burkina Faso won the battle of first-time quarterfinalists in Sunday 's other game , beating Togo 1-0 after extra time at Nelspruit . Jonathan Ptroipa headed the only goal from a corner in the 105th minute to set up a clash with four-time champion Ghana at the same venue on Wednesday .	Nigeria into semifinals of Africa Cup of Nations after beating Ivory Coast 2-1 on Sunday Late goal from Sunday Mba puts "  Super Eagles " into a last-four clash with Mali Ivorians had been favored with star players such as Didier Drogba and Yaya Toure Burkina Faso beat Togo 1-0 after extra time in last quarterfinal at Nelspruit
CNN  A British military health care worker in Sierra Leone has tested positive for Ebola , a UK health agency said . Medical experts are assessing what to do next , including whether or not the evacuate the infected individual to the United Kingdom for treatment , according to a Public Health England spokesperson . An Ebola outbreak has devastated parts of West Africa , with Sierra Leone , Guinea and Liberia being the hardest hit nations . The vast majority of the more than 24,000 confirmed , reportable and suspected cases , as well as the nearly 10,000 reported deaths , have been in those three countries , the World Health Organization reports . In some cases , citizens of other nations have come down with the deadly disease while working there -- as , apparently , is true for the UK military heath care worker whose diagnosis was announced Wednesday . Authorities are investigating how this person was exposed to the virus and tracing individuals in recent contact with the diagnosed worker , said the Public Health England spokesperson . "  Any individuals identified as having had close contact will be assessed and a clinical decision made regarding bringing them to the UK , " the spokesperson said . Pauline Cafferkey , the first person diagnosed with Ebola in the United Kingdom , was discharged from London 's Royal Free Hospital in January after battling the virus . She is a public health nurse in Scotland 's South Lanarkshire area who was part of a 30-strong team of medical volunteers deployed to West Africa by the UK government last month in a joint endeavor with Save the Children , according to British media outlets .	Spokesperson : Experts are investigating how the UK military health care worker got Ebola It is being decided if the military worker infected in Sierra Leone will return to England There have been some 24,000 reported cases and 10,000 deaths in the latest Ebola outbreak
CNN  -- Japan 's government is to allow some residents around the crippled Fukushima nuclear plant to return to their homes to live for the first time since the March , 2011 disaster . Tens of thousands of people were evacuated and a 20-kilometer  12-mile  exclusion zone declared around the plant after a devastating earthquake and tsunami triggered a reactor meltdown -- the world 's worst nuclear disaster since Chernobyl in 1986 -- causing high levels of radioactive contamination . Once bustling communities in this pocket of eastern Japan were turned into ghost towns . Google Street View maps Fukushima nuclear ghost town But on April 1 , some 350 people from the Miyakoji district of Tamura city will be allowed to head back to their homes permanently , according to the country 's Reconstruction Agency . Some 31,000 people could eventually return home , it added . The government says about 138,000 Fukushima residents are still living in temporary accommodation . At a meeting Sunday , Miyakoji residents were told that radiation contamination levels had lowered sufficiently for their return to the area -- though some voiced concern over existing radiation levels despite decontamination efforts around some communities . Life goes on despite uncertainty in Fukushima region Areas are declared suitable for habitation if residents are exposed to a maximum of 20 millisieverts of radiation per year . Officials have said they would like to get radiation exposure down to one millisievert a year . Fukushima leaks The containment effort at the wrecked Fukushima-Daichi plant has been beset by problems , with regular reports of leaks of contaminated material . Last week , an estimated 100 metric tons of highly contaminated water flowed over a barrier around a containment tank and is being absorbed into the ground , plant operators , Tokyo Electric Power Company  TEPCO  , said in a statement -- though it denied there was any leakage into the nearby Pacific Ocean . Prime Minister Shinzo Abe 's government vowed to step in to deal with the toxic water crisis at the plant that caused concern in Japan and abroad about the scale of the problem faced by TEPCO . The leak reported Thursday is one of the largest since TEPCO reported last summer that about 300 tons of radioactive water had leaked from a tank . Low radiation risks outside Fukushima zone , study finds	350 people from the Miyakoji district of Tamura city will be allowed to head home 20-kilometer  12-mile  exclusion zone declared around crippled nuclear plant since 2011 Devastating earthquake and tsunami knocked out the Fukushima nuclear plant Many residents remain concerned about radiation levels despite decontamination efforts
CNN  -- Smaller tablet computers that are significantly more affordable and portable than the iPad are finally starting to hit the United States -- and they could hit a crucial sweet spot in the consumer market . Recently Kobo announced the new Kobo Vox , which costs $ 200 . That 's the same price as Amazon 's recently announced Kindle Fire . The Kobo Vox starts shipping Friday , while the Kindle Fire wo n't start shipping until November 15 . The Barnes & Noble Nook Color , which costs about $ 250 , is already available in stores and online . Although marketed mainly as e-book readers , all three of these consumer devices are actually small tablet computers  7 inches  that run the Android mobile operating system and use Wi-Fi -- no carrier data plan or contract required . So theoretically , they can do much more than just let you buy and read e-books . This makes them potentially powerful tools for people who want access to the Web , apps and more -- especially people who face economic or other barriers to using smartphones or computers . Small , inexpensive , easy-to-use tablets could become an important bridge to help people cross the digital divide and gain expanded access to education , jobs , community , and other resources . The grand vision of tablet computers is that , ideally , they 'll allow the average , non-geeky person to do most of what can be done with a laptop computer -- in a way that 's much easier to learn , use and carry around . Certainly this is the case with Apple 's iPad , which sold 11 million units in the last quarter alone . But at this point , iPads start at $ 500 -- about what you might pay for a brand new 32-inch flat-screen TV at Best Buy , and twice or more what PC netbooks cost at most retail stores . From the perspective of typical consumers , especially given the current economy , that 's a significant luxury investment . This month there are fresh rumors that Apple may be planning to introduce a smaller and less costly "  iPad mini . " But nothing is confirmed , so do n't hold your breath . The tablet market is growing fast , and its dynamics are shifting quickly . According to a new report from Strategy Analytics , in the last year Android tablets grew from 2 % of the global tablet market to 27 % . Meanwhile , the iPad 's global tablet market share has dropped from 96 % to 67 % . That does n't reflect a decrease in the iPad 's popularity , but rather that consumer demand for tablets is not one-size-fits-all . In fact , size is a key issue for people shopping for tablets . The iPad measures roughly 7-by-10 inches -- too big for a typical pocket or purse , and nearly twice the size of the basic Kobo Vox , Nook Color and Kindle Fire models . Digital devices that are n't as easy to carry around tend to mainly get used only at certain times of day , in certain settings . For this reason it 's questionable how "  mobile " larger tablets like the iPad really are . Aside from the Vox , Fire , and Nook Color , there are lots of other small Android tablets available . But so far these products have faced various challenges in the consumer market : Cost : The Wi-Fi-only version of Samsung 's 7-inch Galaxy Tab costs about $ 350 , which is on the pricier side . The carrier-branded versions cost much less to buy up front if you agree to a two-year contract . For instance , Verizon currently sells the 7-inch Galaxy Tab for just $ 200 , but data plans cost $ 30 - $ 80 per month , and there 's a $ 350 early termination fee . Philadelphia Newspapers Inc. , publisher of the Philadelphia Inquirer and Daily News , is selling a small Android tablet by Arnova for just $ 99 - $ 129 in a small pilot program -- but for that bargain-basement price you have to agree to a one - or two-year newspaper subscription , costing up to $ 13 per month . Device quality : This is an issue for the cheapest tablets . For instance , one reviewer noted that the touchscreen performance on the Philly.com tablet is less than stellar . In contrast , the Nook Color has been getting generally favorable reviews for device quality . The advance Kindle Fire reviews are also mostly positive . Android 's learning curve : This can be an obstacle for some . The straightforward Android experience that comes with tablets by Samsung , Motorola , Lenovo , and other manufacturers can be daunting to typical consumers -- especially the majority of U.S. consumers who do n't yet own a smartphone . A more constrained but dependable out-of-the-box user experience can be simpler to learn and can make the average consumer happier , at least initially . Gadgets that are more complex or open-ended tend to confuse or frustrate average consumers -- which generally is n't good for sales . Despite the high relative cost of Apple devices , and the fairly closed nature of the Apple ecosystem , there 's a lot to be said for "  It just works . " However , most "  pure " Android tablets do offer one key advantage over constrained e-reader tablets : direct access to Google 's Android Market , where there 's a virtually unlimited choice of apps . The Fire , Nook Color , and Philly.com tablets only offer apps through their own markets , not the Android Market , which means they can block the installation of competing apps , such those from other e-book vendors or publishers . Also , even though Kobo touts that its Vox will offer access to "  over 15,000 apps , " the company has not clarified whether that will be through the Android Market or its own app store . Which means it 's possible that you may not be able to install the Kindle e-reader app on the Kobo Vox -- at least , not without "  rooting " the tablet to remove vendor controls , which can be a formidable technical hurdle . The coming year -- especially the 2011 holiday season -- will probably indicate whether smaller tablets will play a leading role in the U.S. digital media landscape . If these devices start becoming as commonplace as iPhones and Kindles , they may become popular and powerful tools for the delivery of mobile services for health , education , jobs , and more . Sure , you can use a small , cheap tablet to read books , watch YouTube , and play "  Angry Birds . " But maybe someday lots of people will be using these devices to get a college degree -- or perhaps to learn to read in the first place . The opinions expressed in this post are solely those of Amy Gahran .	Tablets let people do what can be done on a laptop in an easier way In the last year Android tablets grew from 2 % in the global market to 27 % Gadgets that are more complex or open-ended tend to frustrate most consumers
Traditional Maasai living in one of the world 's most famous wildlife centers are pitting themselves against the government in a fight for land . The Loliondo region in northern Tanzania lies along the famed southern migratory route , where herds of wildebeest and zebra graze at roadsides and antelope dart around the trees . In colonial times it was a hunting ground for European royalty . Today , it is Emirati royals and other wealthy visitors being granted the right to hunt , fanning a controversy that has simmered for two decades . The Tanzanian government is threatening to evict the local Maasai community from the area in a bid to create a 4000 square kilometer "  conservation corridor . " They say it is to protect the wildlife -- which is also a major source of income from hunting and safaris -- from Maasai cattle overgrazing the land . Under the plan , most of the conservation corridor will still be accessible for grazing but no one will be allowed to live there . The other 1500 sq. km . will be a "  game controlled area " , where hunting is permitted and access controlled . Maasai leaders say it means they will be evicted from their own land and will lose about 40 percent of their grazing land . Loliondo 's lush hills are where the Maasai take their cattle to graze during the dry season . To restrict their access , the Maasai say , is "  a death sentence . " For rural Maasai cattle provide milk , meat , blood -- and can even be used as currency . Their survival is the community 's survival . Read more : Maasai boy scares off lions with flashy invention Maasai activists date their land conflicts with the current government to 1992 , when they were first accused of illegal settling and ordered to move . The same year the government granted a hunting concession to the Otterlo Business Corporation  OBC  . Owned by royals from the United Arab Emirates , the terms of OBC 's concession grant it hunting rights in Loliondo . OBC spokesman Isaak Mollel told CNN the land issue has nothing to do with his corporation , as they do not actually own land in Loliondo . He says , in fact , that the new conservation corridor will reduce their areas , with the government set to deduct 2,500 sq. km . from their hunting concession . "  Our hunting operations are guided by Tanzania wildlife acts and regulations , " he said . "  Everything is done according to procedures . " In one Loliondo village , Maasai gathered from all over the district to discuss the issue . Many walked for miles to get there -- eager to hear what their leaders would propose . Elias Ngorisa is head of the Ngorongoro District Council , under which Loliondo falls . He has a government notice which he says details the intended eviction . In his hands he holds a thick dossier . In it , he says , are their land title deeds . Ngorisa says : "  I can show you all the title deeds of the village land . How can they say that the land does not belong to the community ? " "  This is because the government wants to give the OBC , the hunting company , the Arab hunting company land for hunting without being disturbed by the local communities . " The Tanzanian government maintains it owns the land . In response to the Maasai allegations , the Tanzanian government referred CNN to an earlier statement in which the minister for natural resources denied OBC were a factor in the decision to evict . The statement read : "  It took this decision with the understanding that environment conservation is as important for eco-system protection as it is for community livelihood and community development ... Surely no government in the world can be blamed for meeting its responsibilities to such high levels . " More than 60,000 Tanzanian Maasai live in the 4000 sq. km . that make up Loliondo . Human rights groups say every one of them will be affected if the eviction goes through . Ngorisa told CNN they were pleading for a government rethink . He said : "  If -LSB- they -RSB- do this , the livelihoods of these people , the citizens of this country , will be lost and we are saying we will not move from here . " "  This is our last weapon , " he said . "  It is better to die rather than to just leave this land . " This is not the first time the Maasai have been forcibly moved from their land . They were evicted repeatedly in colonial times and then again to make way for East Africa 's famed wildlife reserves . The Maasai say each move eroded their livelihoods and way of life . This time they say they will not be moved , whatever the consequences . The Tanzanian parliament has announced plans to convene a two-day debate to discuss options . READ MORE : Trekking savannah to deliver Maasai nomads ' vaccines	Tanzanian leaders threaten to evict Maasai community to create conservation corridor More than 60,000 Tanzanian Maasai live in the 4000 sq. km . that make up Loliondo region Maasai have been repeatedly evicted from their lands since colonial era Maasai say they will refuse to be relocated this time
CNN  -- The head of Texas Gov. Rick Perry 's newly unveiled legal team declared that last week 's grand jury indictment of the potential 2016 GOP presidential contender has "  no merit " and constitutes an "  outrageous assault on the rule of law " that is certain to be rejected in the courts . "  Let me be clear about this , " Houston attorney Tony Buzbee said on Monday . "  Governor Perry will fight this indictment one hundred percent . And at the end of the day he will prevail because he is on the side of the rule of law . " Buzbee , addressing reporters at a news conference in Austin , was flanked by prominent Republican attorney Bobby Burchfield , criminal lawyer David Botsford and former Romney presidential campaign legal counsel Ben Ginsberg . A grand jury in Travis County indicted Perry last Friday on two felony counts stemming from his threat to veto funding for a statewide public integrity unit run by Travis Country District Attorney Rosemary Lehmberg , a Democrat , unless she stepped down , according to the special prosecutor in the case , Michael McCrum . The case centers on Perry 's June 2013 veto of the $ 7.5 million budget for the unit run by Lehmberg , after she refused his demand to resign following her drunken driving arrest and conviction . Perry faces accusations of coercion of a public servant and abuse of his official capacity in connection with the threat and veto . Perry will be booked Tuesday at the Travis County Court in Austin . He will be fingerprinted and have his mug shot taken , according to Buzbee . Perry 's first court appearance is Friday . Perry 's lawyers , who played video snippets of an apparently intoxicated Lehmberg in police custody , insisted the governor had a legal right to tie funding for the public integrity unit to Lehmberg 's removal . Does Rick Perry 's indictment disqualify him from 2016 ? "  Governor Perry did what anyone else would do , " Buzbee said . "  Anyone who sees that video " would have "  lost confidence " in Lehmberg . That said , the lawyers argued that the governor had no legal obligation to offer any rationale for his veto , which they insisted was protected the basic constitutional principle of separation of powers . "  This is nothing more than banana republic politics " and a "  nasty attack " on the "  rule of law , " Buzbee insisted . And Perry 's explanation of his veto , Buzbee added , was protected under the "  right to free speech under the First Amendment . " Birchfield called the indictment "  an attempt to criminalize politics , pure and simple , " while Ginsberg warned that it could "  set a harmful precedent in separation of powers doctrine . " It needs to be fought "  as a matter of principle , " he said . As for Perry 's looming summons , Buzbee acknowledged that "  there will of course be a point where Governor Perry will have to appear . " "  But that is not something we are going to keep you in the dark about , " he told the reporters , possibly reflecting growing confidence among the governor 's advisers that they can turn the controversy to his political advantage . So far , other prominent Republicans have rallied to Perry 's defense . New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie , the head of the Republican Governor 's Association and another potential 2016 presidential candidate , issued a statement Monday declaring his "  complete faith and confidence " in Perry 's "  honesty and integrity . " And former Texas congressman and presidential candidate Ron Paul on Monday called Perry 's indictment "  a joke . " Asked if Texas taxpayers would pay Perry 's legal bills , the team acknowledged that the public would pick up some share of the cost for his defense . Read the indictment  PDF Opinion : The case against Perry	Perry 's chief lawyer said the charges "  have no merit " Texas governor charged last week with felonies related to his veto of a funding bill Charges allege he used the legislation to try and get local prosecutor to quit NEW : Perry will be booked Tuesday ; First court appearance on Friday
CNN  -- Tests done on 12-year-old Zachary Reyna show no signs of activity from the brain-eating parasite he contracted earlier this month , according to his father . Doctors had given Zachary the same experimental anti-amoeba drug used to treat 12-year-old Kali Hardig recently in Arkansas , the Reyna family told CNN affiliate WBBH . The Arkansas girl is only the third person in the last 50 years to survive this deadly parasite . Extensive damage has been done to Zachary 's brain , his father wrote Wednesday on a Facebook page dedicated to the Little League baseball player . Right now the family is looking for signs that his brain is still active . "  This is a small victory but we know the battle is not over , " he wrote . "  I feel like Zac was in a slump . ... All ball players go through them . We all do . As his Dad and Coach I do all I can to help him get out of it by giving him extra training and making adjustments to his swing . We all go through tough times and we need to find God and prayer to get through theses slumps of life . " The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says it will make the experimental drug that helped fight Zachary 's amoeba available to physicians who consult it . The drug was originally created for breast cancer treatment , but has since been found effective against free-living amoeba infections . Zachary 's family told CNN affiliate WBBH-TV that the boy was kneeboarding with friends in a water-filled ditch by his house in LaBelle , Florida , on August 3 . He slept the entire next day . Zachary is an active seventh-grader , his family said , so sleeping that much was unusual . His mother took him to the hospital immediately . He had brain surgery , and doctors diagnosed him with primary amoebic meningoencephalitis , according to WBBH . The family said he is currently in the intensive care unit at the Miami Children 's Hospital . After hearing of Zachary 's case , the Florida Department of Health issued a warning for swimmers . High water temperatures and low water levels provide the perfect breeding ground for this rare amoeba , called Naegleria fowleri , officials said . They warned the public to be wary when swimming , jumping or diving in freshwater with these conditions . Kali Hardig was infected with the same parasite last month and was at Arkansas Children 's Hospital in Little Rock . The cases are nearly always deadly , but Kali 's condition is giving the Reyna family some hope . "  We continue to be amazed by Kali 's progress , " her family said in a statement last week . "  Today she 's able to sit up on her own , write some words on a white board and stand with assistance for very brief stretches . She 's even able to throw and catch a ball with her therapists . We are grateful for the continued prayers from Kali 's supporters , which no doubt drive her recovery . " Her attending physician , Dr. Vikki Stefans at Arkansas Children 's Hospital 's Progressive Rehab Unit , said in a statement : "  Kali 's progress is definitely a credit to her wonderful family and support system . There is no longer a question of whether she 'll survive and do well , but just how well . " Zachary 's family is hoping he becomes survivor No. 4 . "  He 's strong , " his brother , Brandon Villarreal , told WBBH . "  He 's really , really strong . " Getting Naegleria fowleri is extremely rare ; between 2001 and 2010 , there were only 32 reported cases in the United States , according to the CDC . Most of the cases have been in the Southeast . Naegleria fowleri is found in hot springs and warm freshwater , most often in the Southeastern United States . The amoeba enters the body through the nose and travels to the brain . There is no danger of infection from drinking contaminated water , the CDC said . "  This infection is one of the most severe infections that we know of , " Dr. Dirk Haselow of the Arkansas Department of Health told CNN affiliate WMC-TV about Kali 's case . "  Ninety-nine percent of people who get it die . " Why ` nightmare bacteria ' on the rise Dr. Sanjiv Pasala , one of Kali 's attending physicians , said doctors immediately started treating the girl with the experimental anti-amoeba drug they received directly from the CDC . They also reduced the girl 's feverish body temperature to 93 degrees . Doctors have used that technique in some brain injury cases as a way to preserve undamaged brain tissue . Several weeks ago , doctors checked the girl 's cerebral spinal fluid and could not find any presence of the amoeba . Willow Springs Water Park in Little Rock is the most likely source of Kali 's infection , the Arkansas Department of Health said . Another case of the same parasite was reported in 2010 and was possibly linked to Willow Springs , a three-acre sand-bottom , spring-fed lake . "  Based on the occurrence of two cases of this rare infection in association with the same body of water and the unique features of the park , the ADH has asked the owner of Willow Springs to voluntarily close the water park to ensure the health and safety of the public , " the health department said . Willow Springs ' website says its water is pH-balanced , chemically treated , chlorinated and routinely monitored by the health department . What 's in your pool water ? The first symptoms of primary amoebic meningoencephalitis appear one to seven days after infection , including headache , fever , nausea , vomiting and a stiff neck , according to the CDC . "  Later symptoms include confusion , lack of attention to people and surroundings , loss of balance , seizures and hallucinations , " the agency website says . "  After the start of symptoms , the disease progresses rapidly and usually causes death within one to 12 days . " Here are some tips from the CDC to help lower the risk of infection : • Avoid swimming in freshwater when the water temperature is high and the water level is low . • Hold your nose shut or use nose clips . • Avoid stirring up the sediment while wading in shallow , warm freshwater areas . • If you are irrigating , flushing or rinsing your sinuses  for example , by using a neti pot  , use water that has been distilled or sterilized . CNN 's John Bonifield and Caleb Hellerman contributed to this report .	Tests show negative activity from the amoeba in Florida boy 's brain Florida Department of Health issues warning about amoeba danger in warm freshwater Family says Zachary Reyna is receiving same drugs as Kali Hardig Arkansas girl is in rehab in fair condition , the hospital says
U.S. intelligence officials are leaning toward the theory that "  those in the cockpit " -- the pilots of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 -- were responsible for the mysterious disappearance of the commercial jetliner , a U.S. official with direct knowledge of the latest thinking told CNN on Saturday . The revelation followed news that Malaysian authorities searched the home of the lead pilot , a move that came the same day that Prime Minister Najib Razak told reporters the plane veered off course due to apparent deliberate action taken by somebody on board . The Malaysian government had been looking for a reason to search the home of the pilot and the co-pilot for several days . But it was only in the last 24 to 36 hours , when radar and satellite data came to light , that authorities believed they had sufficient reason to go through the residences , according to the U.S. official , who spoke on condition of anonymity . "  The Malaysians do n't do this lightly , " the official said . It 's not clear whether the Malaysian government believes one or both the men could be responsible for what happened when the Boeing 777-200 ER disappeared March 8 en route from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing . What we know about the cockpit crew The official emphasized no final conclusions have been drawn and all the internal intelligence discussions are based on preliminary assessments of what is known to date . Other scenarios could still emerge . The notion of a hijacking has not been ruled out , the official said . A source close to the investigation told CNN that Malaysian police had searched the home of pilot Zaharie Ahmad Shah , 53 . Shah lives in an upscale gated community in Shah Alam , outside Malaysia 's capital of Kuala Lumpur . Two vans were loaded with small bags , similar to shopping bags , at the home of the co-pilot , 27-year-old Farq Ab Hamid , according to a CNN crew who observed activities at the residence . It was unclear whether the bags were taken from the home , and police made no comment about their activities there . Najib made clear in a press conference that in light of the latest developments , authorities have refocused their investigation to the crew and passengers on board . Undoubtedly , they will scour through the flight manifest and look further to see whether any of the passengers on board had flight training or connections to terror groups . A senior U.S. law enforcement official told CNN that investigators are carefully reviewing the information so far collected on the pilots to determine whether there is something to indicate a plan or a motive . That would seem supported by preliminary U.S. intelligence reports , which the U.S. official said show the jetliner was in some form of controlled flight at a relatively stable altitude and path when it changed course and flew toward the Indian Ocean . It is presumed by U.S. officials to have crashed , perhaps after running out of fuel . ` Someone acting deliberately ' The first clue that perhaps one or both of the pilots were involved stem from when the plane made a sharp , deliberate turn from where it last communicated with Kuala Lumpur air traffic controllers , and before it would have to communicate with Vietnamese controllers , according to the U.S. official with knowledge of the latest intelligence thinking . "  This is the perfect place to start to disappear , " the official said . Military radar showed the jetliner flew in a westerly direction back over the Malaysian peninsula , Najib said . It is then believed to have either turned northwest toward the Bay of Bengal or southwest elsewhere in the Indian Ocean , he said . "  Evidence is consistent with someone acting deliberately from inside the plane , " the Prime Minister said , officially confirming the plane 's disappearance was not caused by an accident . " ... Despite media reports that the plane was hijacked , we are investigating all major possibilities on what caused MH370 to deviate . " The focus of the search is now in the southern Indian Ocean . "  The southern scenario seems more plausible , " the official said . Meanwhile , according to Najib , new satellite information leads authorities to be fairly certain that someone disabled the Aircraft Communications Addressing and Reporting System , or ACARS , just before the aircraft reached the east coast of peninsular Malaysia . "  Shortly afterward , near the border between Malaysian and Vietnamese air traffic control , " Najib said , "  the aircraft 's transponder was switched off . " ACARS is the system that routinely transmits information like turbulence and fuel load back to the airline . A transponder is a system controlled from the cockpit that transmits data about the plane via radio signals to air traffic controllers . It combines with ground radar to provide air traffic controllers with details about the plane , including its identification , speed , position and altitude . The last voice communication from the cockpit a week ago were these words : "  All right , good night . " They were uttered at the Vietnam air traffic control border at about the same time the transponder was shut off , Najib said . That suggests the incident on the plane began sooner than initially thought . But some have questioned the Prime Minister 's account , given the dearth of information available . Malaysia investigation criticized In the days since the flight disappeared , the Malaysian government has been under intense scrutiny for its handling of the investigation . The government has been criticized by some U.S. officials for not sharing information or accepting more offers of help . Shortly after Najib delivered his remarks , China demanded Malaysia provide more information on the investigation . Of the 239 people aboard Flight 370 , 154 were Chinese . "  Today is the 8th day of the missing MH370 , and the plane is still yet to be found , " said a statement from the foreign ministry . "  Time is life . " The criticism was more pointed in an editorial published by China 's state-run news agency Xinhua . "  And due to the absence -- or at least lack -- of timely authoritative information , massive efforts have been squandered , and numerous rumors have been spawned , repeatedly racking the nerves of the awaiting families , " the editorial said . Malaysian authorities have been highly sensitive to any suggestion they ca n't handle the investigation , said the U.S. law enforcement official , who also spoke on condition of anonymity . It took several days last week to calm their anger over inaccurate reports that the FBI had dispatched a team to investigate , the official said . Malaysia Airlines defended its actions , saying there has never been a case where information gleaned from satellite signals alone could potentially be used to find the location of a missing airliner . "  Given the nature of the situation and its extreme sensitivity , it was critical that the raw satellite signals were verified and analyzed by the relevant authorities so that their significance could be properly understood , " the airline said in a statement . "  This naturally took some time , during which we were unable to publicly confirm their existence . " Transcript : Malaysian Prime Minister 's statement on Flight 370 Kazakhstan to Indian Ocean As the focus of the investigation shifted , so , too , has the focus of the search . Information from international and Malaysian officials indicate that the jet may have flown for more than seven hours after the last contact with the pilots . Flight 370 took off from Kuala Lumpur at 12:41 a.m. on March 8 . The last satellite communication from the plane occurred at 8:11 a.m. , Najib said , well past the scheduled arrival time in Beijing . That last communication , Najib said , was in one of two possible traffic corridors shown on a map released to the press . A northern arc stretches from the border of Kazakhstan and Turkmenistan to northern Thailand , and a southern arc spans from Indonesia to the southern Indian Ocean . "  Due to the type of satellite data , we are unable to confirm the precise location of the plane when it last made contact with the satellite , " Najib said . Because the northern parts of the traffic corridor include some tightly guarded airspace over India , Pakistan , and even some U.S. installations in Afghanistan , U.S. authorities believe it more likely the aircraft crashed into waters outside of the reach of radar south of India , a U.S. official told CNN . If it had flown farther north , it 's likely it would have been detected by radar . Nonetheless for the last 36 hours , the U.S. military and intelligence community has been reviewing all satellite imagery and electronic data it collects from the region for any sign of an explosion or crash , according to another U.S. official directly familiar with that effort . Najib said authorities were ending search operations in the South China Sea and reassessing the deployment of assets . "  This new satellite information has a significant impact on the nature and scope of the search operation , " he said . Investigators , he said , have confirmed by looking at the raw satellite data that the plane in question was the Malaysia Airlines jet . The same conclusion was reached by the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration , the U.S. National Transportation Safety Board , the British Air Accidents Investigation Branch and the Malaysian authorities , all of whom were working separately with the same data , he said . Families hold onto hope For the families and loved ones of those aboard Flight 370 , Saturday was Day 8 of anguish . Some found comfort that there is no evidence the plane made impact . The father of one passenger watched Najib 's news conference at a Beijing hotel . He said he hoped the plane was hijacked because that gave him reason to think his son was alive . "  I hope they are alive , no matter how small the chance is , " he said . The search that began last weekend now involves 14 countries , 43 ships and 58 aircraft , Najib said , and that the relevant foreign embassies have been given access to the new information . China is sending technical experts to join the investigation , and two Chinese search vessels headed for the Strait of Malacca , according to Xinhua . Plane was taking ` strange path ' Hours before Najib 's announcement , U.S. officials told CNN the flight had made drastic changes in altitude and direction after disappearing from civilian radar . Malaysian military radar showed the plane climbing to 45,000 feet -- which is above its approved altitude limit -- soon after disappearing from civilian radar screens and then dropping to 23,000 feet before climbing again , a U.S. official familiar with the investigation said . The jetliner was flying "  a strange path , " the official said on condition of anonymity . The details of the radar readings were first reported by The New York Times on Friday .	Area between Malaysia and Vietnam "  perfect place to start to disappear , " official says Investigators have renewed their focus on the pilots , a law enforcement official says Malaysia 's government wanted a reason to search the pilots ' homes , the official says Police search homes of pilot and co-pilot
I 've spent a decade visiting the most famous vineyards around the world . For sheer beauty , the winelands of South Africa come top of the list . Whether you 're looking for stunning views or a great place for the kids , here are my top 10 recommendations . For the stunning location There 's a touch of lost paradise about Creation Wines which lies in the Hemel-en-Aaarde  Heaven and Earth  valley near Hermanus . You drive up an 18-kilometer dirt road to reach the farm , set high on a mountain plateau . Surrounded by vast skies and near the Atlantic , winemaker JC Martin aims to make elegant wines . His syrah , grenache and pinot noir are particularly good and best appreciated in the restaurant with its floor to ceiling windows . A food and wine matching menu with canapés costs R125  $ 12  and you can even try wine with chocolate  R90 / $ 8  . Creation Wines , Hemel-en-Aarde Road  R320  Hermanus ; +27 28 212 1107 For the food La Colombe restaurant at Constantia Uitsig winery is both classy and laid back . Request a table outside in the courtyard and you can spend an idyllic afternoon eating French/Asian fusion and trying wines from the well selected list . The tasting menu  with wine R950 / $ 90 or without R650 / $ 61  features dishes like rhubarb-dusted foie gras ballotine and Karoo lamb with braised neck spring roll . Constantia Uitsig winery , Spaanschemat River Road Constantia ; + 27 21 794 2390 For the hippie vibe You 'll need to be a confident driver to navigate the steep , rocky route down to Upland Estate . It lies in a hidden valley in the lesser known wine region of Wellington . There 's a hippie feel to the estate , which is farmed organically by Edmund Oettle . There 's an artist 's studio , a shower room made from recycled wine bottles , hens and dogs running around . The estate makes some of the most elegant , long-lived cabernet sauvignon you 'll find in SA . Upland Estate , Blouvlei Road outside Wellington ; +27 82 731 4774 ; visits by arrangement only For the views Waterkloof is set like an amphitheater high on a hill and has incredible views of False Bay in one direction and the Hottentots Holland and Helderberg mountains in another . The building looks like a space age concrete and glass box perched on a slope . The restaurant has huge , daydream-inducing windows . The wines , which are made using biodynamic methods including horse power in the vineyard , are pretty good -- particularly the Circle of Life blends . A guided tour , tasting and two-course meal costs R430  $ 40  ; tastings start at R30  $ 3  . Waterkloof , Sir Lowry 's Pass Road , Somerset West ; +27 21 858 1292 For the Cape Dutch heritage For insight into the lives of the early European settlers who started the wine industry , there 's Groote Post on the West Coast . It 's an area of wild and windy beaches and sleepy villages . Time seems to have stood still at this 18th-century farmhouse , listed as a national monument . It 's an almost perfectly preserved example of Cape Dutch architecture , down to the original ceilings and fireplaces installed by a former Cape Governor who used it as a shooting lodge . Hilda 's Kitchen on the farm serves good comfort food -- coq au vin or steak roll and the Old Man 's Blend wines are good values . Groote Post , Darling Hills Road , Darling ; +27 22 4922 825 For the kids Wine touring can seem like an adult activity , but it does n't have to be , as demonstrated by Blaauwklippen Vineyards . Kids can run around the wide grassy areas or play in a jungle gym . There are also pony and carriage rides and a Sunday family market with live music , crafts and food . A kiddie picnic features toffee apples , while the adult version has a sophisticated platter with smoked snoek  a local fish  , paté and local cheeses . Blaauwklippen Vineyards , R44 Stellenbosch ; +27 21 880 0133 For the accommodations There 's a friendly vibe at Weltevrede , in the unpretentious Robertson wine valley . There are four rustic cottages sleeping two to four people which are a terrific value at R460-690  $ 43-65  a night . The Breede River is nearby -- you can go for hikes or try the excellent chardonnay . For a more upmarket experience , Asara  Polkadraai Road , Stellenbosch  has luxurious accommodations with views over the vineyards and mountains . Prices start at around R1800  $ 170  for a basic room and double that for a suite -- if you turn up after 4 p.m. you can get a room and breakfast the same night for R1 ,000  $ 95  if available . Weltevrede , Main Road , Bonnievale ; +27 23 616 2141 For the innovation Brothers Peter-Allan and Andrew Finlayson of Crystallum Wines are part of a new wave of young guns making an impact in SA wine . Sons of pinot noir guru Peter Finlayson , of Bouchard Finlayson , Peter-Allan first studied philosophy and then acted before being lured into wine making . With no formal training apart from stints with Swartland pioneer Eben Sadie and in Burgundy , he released the first Crystallum vintage in 2007 . Using only chardonnay and pinot noir from the best vineyards , the aim is to make handcrafted wines that express their provenance . Crystallum Wines , Walker Bay ; email peter@crystallumwines.com for tastings For the extras It 's no longer enough to just plonk a few glasses in front of people and expect them to be happy -- that 's the philosophy at Fairview . You can combine a wine , olive oil and cheese tasting with artisan cheeses made on the farm in well designed tasting "  pods . " Kids can get hands-on in cheese-making workshops and there 's a deli , shop and Mediterranean-style restaurant . The farm 's innovative Goats do Roam range  a take on Côtes du Rhône  are inspired by the farm 's goat tower , a kind of hotel for the farm 's four-legged inhabitants . Fairview , Suid-Agter Paarl Road , Suider-Paarl ; +27 21 863 2450 For the unusual tasting experience Across a bridge in a pagoda-style tasting hut on an island in the middle of a lake you 'll find Stark-Condé Wines . The views of the vineyards in the dramatic Jonkershoek valley 300 meters above sea level will inspire you as you taste . American owner José Conde was inspired by the landscape to create small-volume , boutique wines -- the cabernet sauvignon is particularly good . Stark-Condé Wines , Jonkershoek Road Stellenbosch ; +27 21 861 7701	Waterkloof houses a restaurant , cellar and tasting rooms within its glass and concrete architecture Cape Dutch style is preserved at the Groote Post An 18-kilometer dirt track leads to Creation Wine in the Hemel-en-Aaarde  Heaven and Earth  valley near Hermanus
CNN  -- It was Wednesday morning when I noticed a popular post on reddit that shared an unbelievable photo of a $ 1,300 HDMI cable . Yes . One HDMI cable . Thirteen hundred dollars . Naturally , I ordered three on my corporate AmEX and expensed them as "  miscellaneous . " Also recently expensed as miscellaneous : NFL Sunday Ticket , Pop Tarts and a pony keg of Schlitz . I think HR is on the ninth floor . I 'll just head up there now . At first , I thought it had to be a simple labeling mistake at whatever store the picture was taken . But it was real . A company called AudioQuest sells Diamond brand HDMI cables that cost more than my actual TV . And I fully support it . I mean , somebody must be buying them . Granted , I 'm not sure how Diamond HDMI cables satisfy a rich man 's narcissism , but surely these work better than , say , driving around in my Saturn . Or as all the sexy ladies in Atlanta call it ... my Saturn . I first entered the dirty world of HDMI cables a couple years ago when I finally purchased a new TV . Although , to be slightly more accurate , I finally purchased Netflix streaming , and then I had to buy a new TV . First month of Netflix streaming : $ 1,200 . You see , since 2006 , I had been enjoying an old , 65-inch Toshiba that a friend gave me . It was old in that he was more than happy to give it away . And it was large in that it was an actual hippopotamus that somehow aired Seinfeld reruns . Fast forward to November 2010 when , suddenly , my life was n't complete without Netflix streaming . But there was one little problem : My hippopotamus did n't have the correct hardware in the back to properly connect my laptop . Clearly this meant it was time for a new TV . I can be rather impulsive . I wonder how my Facebook stock is doing . Next thing I know there 's a 55-inch LED LCD in my shopping cart and a kid with pimples trying to tell me why I absolutely , positively needed $ 40 Monster-brand HDMI cables . I admit , his case was compelling . Apparently , if I did n't get the good cables , my new TV would grow up to be a serial killer . So I bought the stupid cables and boasted about my big purchase to a colleague at work the next day . "  Dude , this TV is great -- Netflix is actually built in ! And I got these amazing HDMI cables that really bring out the high-def . They only cost like 40 bucks each . " To which he replied , "  Should n't you be wearing pants ? " He later advised me to buy cheap , $ 3 cables online , and so far the HD still seems to be coming in perfectly . I can pick out individual hairs in Wolf Blitzer 's beard . Which brings us back to Diamond cables . The company 's website says : "  Diamond HDMI incorporates AudioQuest 's highest-performance , lowest-distortion Perfect-Surface Silver conductors . Silver is known for its high conductivity and its ` colorless ' sonic presentation . " I have no idea what this means , but it seems to suggest that , if I were to buy the Diamond cable , Wolf 's beard actually would jump out of the TV and make me an omelet . I could be wrong . I do n't generally get things . And reading through any HDMI discussion online will only further the confusion . Some people say quality cables matter . Some people say they do n't . In the end , it 's all ones and zeroes to me . If you look for an expert opinion from Consumer Reports , however , you 'll find they say "  we 've long been advocates of not paying for pricey cables , which often do little more than pad the pockets of the manufacturers that make them and the retailers that sell them . " The only reasons to buy anything but low-end cables , they say , is if you plan to unplug and replug the cables all the time or if the cable is longer than 30 feet . Otherwise , "  any high-speed cable should suffice , " the group says , "  and do n't let a package or retail associate tell you otherwise . " Still , you 've got to hand it to them . AudioQuest cares about performance , and they seem to specialize in super-high-end everything . I actually found a $ 6,900 AC power cable on Amazon . AudioQuest calls it the NRG WEL Signature Series . I call it "  miscellaneous . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jarrett Bellini .	AudioQuest sells Diamond brand HDMI cables for $ 1,300 Jarrett Bellini : "  I fully support it . I mean , somebody must be buying them " Some cables are available for as little as $ 3 online
It happens every summer : A certain song lyric , a momentous movie scene or a fresh-looking fashion colors every memory of the season , even years and decades later . This summer , CNN Living takes a look back at summers past to explore the stuff of summer that still speaks to us . We 'll start 50 years ago , in 1964 , when temperatures hit 95 degrees in New York , 104 in Walla Walla , Washington , and 106 in Dallas . The Civil Rights Act of 1964 passed and was signed into law . The Federal Trade Commission concluded for the first time that warnings should be printed on cigarette packages . Nelson Mandela was sentenced to life in prison . Race riots exploded in Jersey City , Harlem and Philadelphia , while the "  Freedom Summer " swept through the American South . The Summer Olympics in Tokyo were n't quite the talk of the dinner table ; the "  summer " games did n't begin until October that year . The sights and sounds of that summer were unforgettable to those who were around -- and had an impact on summers future , too . Here 's a look back at summer of 50 years ago , and the little memories that made it . Songs of summer : Beatlemania goes big Every summer seems to have a breakout hit , but they do n't always age so well . Think about it : Fifteen years ago , summer radio was dominated by LFO 's "  Summer Girls " -- chorus : "  I like girls that wear Abercrombie and Fitch " -- and "  Nookie , " a  Grammy-winning ! Really !  single by Limp Bizkit . Consider the better times : In the summer of 1964 , the Beatles were touring in the United States . The Rolling Stones played their first U.S. gig . The songs topping the charts became classics of the era , by musicians who are still household names : the Beach Boys ' "  I Get Around , " the Supremes ' "  Where Did Our Love Go , " the Beatles ' "  A Hard Day 's Night , " Barbra Streisand 's "  People " and the Dixie Cups "  Chapel of Love . " Big screen blockbusters : Sing-alongs on screen America was still more than a decade away from a true summer blockbuster -- "  Jaws " set that standard in 1975 -- but there were hits on the big screen 50 years ago . Summer 1964 was a season of musicals , with Elvis Presley 's "  Viva Las Vegas " opening that May , and "  Mary Poppins , " "  The Unsinkable Molly Brown " and "  A Hard Day 's Night " passing through theaters throughout the rest of the season . There was a bit of summer drama too , notably , "  The Night of the Iguana . " The film , based on a Tennessee Williams play , starred Richard Burton , Ava Gardner and Deborah Kerr . The film might as well have starred Elizabeth Taylor , Burton 's future wife , given the attention she drew by joining her beau on set . Beach reads : Spy vs. spy In the summer of 1964 , America did plenty of not-exactly-beachy summer reading . Ernest Hemingway 's memoir of his life in 1920s Paris , "  A Moveable Feast , " was among the bestsellers . So was Charles Silberman 's "  Crisis in Black and White , " an analysis of racial oppression in the United States . But filling far more spaces on bestseller lists were spy stories , and lots of 'em . Ian Fleming 's James Bond tale , "  On her Majesty 's Secret Service , " Helen MacInnes ' "  The Venetian Affair " and John le Carre 's "  The Spy Who Came in From the Cold " were all among the top books of the season . Spy stories were n't beholden to the page , either : Bond tales "  Goldfinger " and "  From Russia With Love " were among the top films for the year , too . Summer style : Short dresses and swimwear Maybe the realities of 1960s fashion ca n't live up to our imaginations -- thanks , "  Mad Men " -- but the buzzed-about looks of summer 1964 were , um , eye-catching . That was the summer that bore the discotheque dress -- a short , sleeveless number that gave a gal plenty of room to move . Within a few years , it would be a staple of the swingin ' '60s closet . The season also saw the introduction of the Birkenstock sandal . They would n't arrive stateside for a few more years , but those clunky , cork-soles shoes have now comforted generations of feet ... and haunted picky fashionistas Let us not forget 1964 's most jarring fashion : the monokini . Not familiar ? It was a topless , one-piece women 's bathing suit designed by Rudi Gernreich . Shock of shocks : Bare breasts at the beach generated a bit of controversy . The suit took off among the avant-garde , if not the broader beach-going public . Stuff of summer : Skating and Sting-Rays In summer 1964 , skateboards were just beginning a slow roll from California to the rest of the country . Onetime lifeguard Larry Stevenson had perfected a small surfboard-on-wheels that made skating a lot more daring , and naturally , popular . For those not willing to hop on a board , there was the Schwinn Sting-Ray , a banana-seated , high-handle barred beast of a bike that had been introduced the year before , and appeared in the Schwinn catalog for the first time in 1964 . For $ 49.95 , folks could take one home in flamboyant lime , red , radiant coppertone , sky blue or violet . A version "  for mother , daughter or even grandmother " called the Schwinn Fair Lady sold in radiant blue , violet , or white with rose . For a little more flash and a few more bucks , people could pick up a version with chrome fenders and whitewall tires . However you rolled , there was a new tool to make the memories of summer 1964 a bit clearer . The Kodak Instamatic was introduced in 1963 , and millions of the ultra-easy cameras were in circulation within a few years . What better way could there be to remember ? Petula Clark : My love-in with America Was it really a simpler time ? Your '60s family photos What are your favorite summer memories , from music to fashion ? Share in the comments on , Twitter @CNNLiving or on CNN Living 's Facebook page !	Decades later , summer memories are wrapped up in the songs , movies and beach reads Fifty summers ago , the Beatles , Beach Boys and Supremes dominated the charts "  Mary Poppins " and "  The Unsinkable Molly Brown " were summer film favorites in 1964 The stuff of summer in 1964 : the Schwinn Sting-Ray and Kodak Instamatic
CNN  -- A knife-wielding attacker killed at least two Japanese tourists and wounded 11 others on Tuesday in a tourist district on the U.S. Pacific territory of Guam , government officials said . The incident took place in Tumon on Guam 's west coast , said Andy Gibson , an official in Gov. Eddie Calvo 's office . Gibson said three people died and 11 suffered injuries in the ordeal . A spokesperson from Japan 's foreign affairs ministry , meanwhile , said that two Japanese tourists were killed and 12 other Japanese were hospitalized . "  This  represents the worst tragedy that this island has seen in many decades , " said Mark Baldyga , chairman of the Guam Visitors Bureau board . The bloodshed occurred around 10 p.m. Tuesday  7 a.m. ET Tuesday  , when a man drove onto a sidewalk by the Tumon Sands Plaza and Outrigger Guam Resort , according to the Pacific Daily News , the local newspaper . He crashed into a store , left his vehicle and began stabbing people , the newspaper reported . It was not immediately clear how many of the approximately 14 casualties came when the man drove onto the sidewalk and into the store and how many were stabbed . Baldyga called the attack "  an isolated incident , " albeit one that has greatly shaken those on the island , be they residents or tourists . "  Our hearts go out to the families of the victims , " he said . "  The people of Guam and the people of Japan have enjoyed a long and close relationship as friends for many decades . The victims will remain in the hearts and prayers of all Guamanians for many years to come . " The visitors bureau official said the "  lone individual " responsible for the violence was "  immediately apprehended " by police and "  will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law . " The suspect is charged with two counts of murder , 13 counts of attempted murder and 13 counts of aggravated assault , police told the Pacific Daily News newspaper . Guam 's economy is heavily dependent on tourism , with much of it coming from Asian countries . The island 's official visitors bureau describes Tumon Bay as "  the island 's premier resort destination , " featuring "  luxurious international standard hotels ... set in landscaped gardens on the beach . " The Guam Visitors Bureau has translators at the hospital where the victims were transported , according to Pacific Daily News , a Gannett newspaper . Calvo told the same newspaper that he had reached out to Japanese consular officials after the incident . "  The safety of our visitors and local community is a top priority , and we will continue to provide one of the safest visitor destinations in the world , " Baldyga said . "  It is simply a very sad tragedy that this one isolated incident has caused so much damage to the families of the victims . "  As a father myself , I can only imagine their suffering . " CNN 's Junko Ogura contributed to this report .	NEW : A tourism official calls the "  isolated " incident Guam 's "  worst tragedy " in decades NEW : A Japanese official says two of its citizens died and 12 were injured A Guam official had said that three were killed and 11 were wounded News outlets say man plowed into a crowd , then started stabbing people
CNN  -- To date , Britain has avoided the politicized and polarized abortion debate that is so prevalent in the U.S. Traditionally , our political parties have seen abortion as a ` private ' matter of personal and public ` health ' and not a matter of rights . The law gives women no ` right ' to abortion as in most Western democracies -- but , if two doctors certify that it 's best for her health and well-being and the pregnancy is less than 24 weeks gestation , abortion is a legal option . Most people support this . We want people to be able to plan their families and to support and be responsible for their children , yet we know contraception sometimes fails and people fail to use it . Abortion , as a back up to birth control , is generally seen as regrettable , but a fact of life . Even in Northern Ireland , where abortion remains illegal , it 's accepted that women travel to the mainland . I am stunned when I talk with American colleagues about the violence and intimidation that their abortion doctors face . For them , a typical protest is several hundred strong -- for us a large protest is sometimes several dozen protesters , but more typically it is just several individuals . But , small as our protests are , they upset and disrupt women seeking safe and legal care from legitimate pregnancy advisory services . In recent weeks the Bedford Square clinic of the British Pregnancy Advisory Service  bpas  , close to London 's Oxford Street , has been the focus of a Lent-long 40 days for Life vigil . It is a ` mini-me ' version of U.S. campaigns . Women attending the clinic face a gathering of people praying for them to reject abortion . They are handed leaflets with fanciful claims about how abortion will raise their risk of cancer and mental illness . They are shown ` life-size ' models of their unborn baby and subjected to ` pavement counselling ' to encourage them to ` choose life . ' For the present at least , women are no longer tormented with ` gifts ' of little knitted baby bootees , a feature of some previous vigils . The problem with the protests is this : the protesters oppose abortion in principle -- but their actions are against women who want to consider abortion -- not in principle -- but as a private medical solution to a personal , individual problem . Women attend our clinics for care or counseling because they need help . They do not come to demonstrate support for abortion . The protesters should leave them alone , to deal with their problems privately with those they have chosen to seek help from . As the main abortion provider in Britain , bpas is not shy of debate . Public education is part of our job and seeing more than 60,000 women with problem pregnancies each year puts us in a good position to explain what these women want and need . Of course , society should debate the rights and wrongs of abortion . There are places for that and persons who are ready and willing to engage with the issues . Outside a clinic is the wrong place , and women in immediate need of care are the wrong audience . The protesters have allies in the UK Parliament to voice their concerns . They have no need spend 40 days in the cold plaguing women . It is my job to answer for what bpas does , and I could not be more proud of the charity , its staff and its work . Bpas really is ` genuinely ' pro-choice . Part of our charitable mission is to alleviate distress in relation to fertility by providing advice , treatment and assistance . In the past we have provided infertility care as well as abortion -- and we hope to do so in the future . One marvelous response to the protests was that some complete stranger to bpas set up a website encouraging support for us . The comments posted speak volumes . Those who accuse us of running ` abortion mills ' should ponder this comment by 'S ' on March 17 , 2012 : "  Your advice and support helped me decide the right thing to do was keep my baby . Being able to talk through my choices without judgment was undoubtedly the most important part of that process . Long may you be able to support other women like me . " When a woman comes to us with a ` problem pregnancy , ' if she is undecided , our first aim is to help her to make the decision that she feels is right for her . We may not be able to make her feel ` happy ' about her decision ; she may choose what seems the ` least worst ' option -- but the decision will have been hers . This is what the protesters , who stand with their banners or lurk around our clinic entrances soliciting the attention of women approaching our doors , refuse to understand . They boast of the occasional woman they ` turn away ' -- but refuse to accept that thousands of ` bpas clients ' decide against abortion in any case . And we are glad when they are satisfied with that decision just as we are glad when a woman is satisfied with her abortion decision . That is what it means to be pro-choice . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ann Furedi	Abortion is a legal option in the UK if doctors agree Ann Furedi says she is stunned by the intimidation that abortion doctors face in the U.S. "  Women attend our clinics for care or counseling because they need help , " she says Ann Furedi argues that protesters refuse to accept that thousands of ` bpas clients ' decide against abortion
Tokyo , Japan  CNN  -- Japan hanged two convicted killers on Wednesday -- the first executions in the country since the Democratic Party of Japan took power last September . One of the men , Kazuo Shinozawa , was put to death for killing six female clerks at a jewelry store in 2000 and setting the store on fire . The other person , Hidenori Ogata , was convicted of killing two people in 2003 , the justice ministry said . Japan last carried out an execution in July 2009 , when the conservative Liberal Democratic Party was in power . Justice Minister Keiko Chiba is a former member of a group of lawmakers opposed to capital punishment -- the Japan Parliamentary League Against the Death Penalty . Speaking to reporters after Wednesday 's execution , she said that Japan needs a public discussion on whether to continue the practice of capital punishment . She said she has asked for a review at the justice ministry . "  Witnessing the enforcement with my own eyes made me think about death punishment deeply again , " she said , adding that she had attended the executions . "  Also , I felt the need of a fundamental discussion to review about death penalty . " Amnesty International Japan said a review is welcome but first , the executions have to be halted . "  We feel strong anger and disappointment over the executions today , " the group said . "  We highly accept -LSB- the ministry 's -RSB- stance -LSB- of -RSB- setting up a study session . ... First of all , they must stop the executions . "	The two executions are the first since the ruling party took power in September Japan 's last execution was in July 2009 Justice minister calls for a review of capital punishment in the country
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The National Organization for Women has sharply criticized comedian David Letterman , accusing him of promoting a hostile , uncomfortable work environment . David Letterman 's behavior with employees has created "  a toxic environment " in the workplace , NOW says . "  The latest Letterman controversy sheds new light on the widespread objectification of women in the workplace , " NOW said in a statement Tuesday . "  Most women can attest to the fact that many workplaces are plagued with inappropriate behavior by men in power . " The "  Late Show With David Letterman " host admitted last week on his CBS program that he had sex with unnamed employees and had testified about those liaisons before a New York grand jury as part of an alleged extortion attempt . A CBS producer , Robert "  Joe " Halderman , is accused of threatening to go public with embarrassing information about Letterman 's private life unless the 62-year-old funnyman ponied up $ 2 million . Watch NOW 's president slam Letteman , CBS " Letterman made a public apology Monday to his wife , Regina Lasko , who , he said , had been "  horribly hurt by my behavior . " He said he is trying to repair that relationship . "  Either you 're going to make some progress and get it fixed , or you 're going to fall short and perhaps not get it fixed , so let me tell you folks , I got my work cut out for me , " Letterman told the audience Monday night . Letterman married Lasko in March , and they have a 5-year-old son together . All the affairs took place before the marriage , Letterman 's production company has said . One of the women who engaged in a sexual relationship with Letterman was identified as Stephanie Birkitt , an assistant to the talk show host and also a former live-in girlfriend of Halderman . Letterman spokesman Tom Keaney said that Birkitt is on a paid leave of absence from the show . NOW said Letterman 's behavior was inappropriate in the workplace , saying all employees should be respected for their talent and skills . "  Recent developments in the David Letterman extortion controversy have raised serious issues about the abuse of power leading to an inappropriate , if not hostile , workplace environment for women and employees , " NOW said in Tuesday 's statement . Men such as Letterman make decisions on hiring and firing , who gets raises , who advances and who does entry-level tasks , NOW said . "  As ` the boss , ' he is responsible for setting the tone for his entire workplace -- and he did that with sex . In any work environment , this places all employees -- including employees who happen to be women -- in an awkward , confusing and demoralizing situation , " the group said . "  The National Organization for Women calls on CBS to recognize that Letterman 's behavior creates a toxic environment and to take action immediately to rectify this situation . With just two women on CBS ' board of directors , we 're not holding our breath . " Those board members are Shari Redstone , vice chairwoman of the board and president of National Amusements Inc. , which operates motion picture screens , and Linda Griego , president and chief executive of Griego Enterprises Inc. , a business management company . CBS airs "  Late Show With David Letterman , " which Letterman 's company , Worldwide Pants Inc. , produces .	NOW calls David Letterman 's behavior inappropriate in the workplace Letterman on air admitted to sex with employees , apologized to wife Feminist group urges CBS "  to take action immediately " CBS producer accused in extortion plot against talk-show host
GUDDA , India  CNN  -- In Gudda , a village with very little , residents are literally beaming . Just two years ago , villagers had never seen light after dark , unless it came from the moon . Then , solar light arrived and changed everything . Children in Gudda stand on rooftops near a solar panel . Solar power first arrived two years ago . "  When the lanterns first arrived , the villagers asked , ` What is this ? ' " says Hanuman Ram , the local solar engineer . "  I explained to them how it worked . Then slowly , as people saw it , they said , ` Wow , what a thing this is ! ' " There are no real roads that lead to the tiny village in the state of Rajasthan in northwestern India , home to about 100 families . There are only thin strips of tar dotted with massive potholes that force vehicles into thick brush . Other times , cars have to maneuver over just dirt . There is no electricity -- power lines do n't extend out here . Water is scarce , too . At the village well , women balance jugs of water on their heads , deftly evading the livestock that saunters along . Visit the sites of Gudda with CNN 's Arwa Damon " It 's a simple lifestyle of farming , tending to goats , caring for children and carrying out household chores -- a daily routine that has n't changed much over the centuries . That 's why light transformed Gudda . Villagers could play music at night . Children could study well past sundown . Watch villagers smile as they light their solar lamps " As Yamouna Groomis kneads dough for her family 's evening meal , she blows through a pipe every once in a while to keep a flame burning in an outdoor clay pit . Her days used to end when the sun went down . She smiles as she proudly flicks on a solar lamp . "  When I saw this light coming on for the first time , I was very happy , " she says . The light is powered by a solar panel on her roof that charges a battery . Panels can be seen on almost every rooftop in Gudda . See where Gudda is located " Ram , the man credited with the transformation , does n't have a high school degree . But he did attend an institution about an hour away called Barefoot College , established 35 years ago with an emphasis on helping India 's rural population find solutions for their problems among themselves . The college , in part funded by the Indian government , trains villagers all over India who have little or no education , giving them a range of skills to change their lives . The entire campus , which has amenities such as a library , meeting halls , open-air theater and labs , uses solar power . On a recent visit to the main college campus , a group of village women were hard at work making solar cookers , which can boil a liter of water in eight minutes . They are part of the "  Women Barefoot Solar Cooker Engineers Society " -- six women who came together and started their own business . Barefoot College serves an outlying community of 125,000 people . In a nearby village , women flock to a water desalinization and purification plant set up by the college and maintained by Barefoot graduates . The station , powered by solar panels , provides the area with a rare commodity : clean drinking water . At the local store in Gudda , owner Ram Swarup puts his solar panels to maximum use . He says the solar lights have allowed him to increase his business by a third . The panels also have powered up the only DVD player and television in the village . Partly paralyzed by polio , Swarup never dreamed that he would have so much in life . He says it took courage -- and light . The villagers say that they now feel empowered -- less reliant on a far-off government . Even the village 's engineer is amazed . At Ram 's house , the solar lamps flicker to life . He smiles as he says that before , he did n't even know what artificial light was , and now , he 's a solar power expert . "  I never saw light before , " he says . "  How could I think that I could bring light here ? " Like most of the Barefoot graduates , he was selected to attend the college by his village elders . Now , every night when the lights flicker on , he says , he feels great . With the extra earnings he 's made as a solar engineer , he 's made another of his childhood dreams come true . He purchased his favorite instrument , a harmonium , and now the family can gather around every night and listen to his music . He says he hopes his daughter , now 14 years old , will follow in his footsteps and become a solar engineer . Ram 's 80-year-old mother , meanwhile , beams with pride about her son 's accomplishments : "  I just wanted him to do something good for the village . " E-mail to a friend	Residents had never had light after dark until two years ago When villagers saw solar lights in action , their reaction was "  Wow " Nearby college helps India 's poorest of the poor solve problems Villager describes seeing light for first time : "  I was very happy "
CNN  -- Remember when you were 12 years old and you 'd pass notes in class , making snide remarks about members of the opposite sex ? Remember the electricity that shot through school when word went around that there was going to be a schoolyard rumble ? Remember the rollercoasters of emotions , the whispers of gossip , the crying because your best friend betrayed you , the molehills made into mountains ? If life is just like high school , then the Internet might be an age group lower . Much of our digital world means never having to leave junior high school behind . Sure , the Web has plenty of mature , resourceful people who create clever online projects or crowdsource solutions to global problems . But some experts also believe it perpetuates childhood . Janet Sternberg , a communications professor at Fordham University in New York who 's written a great deal about online civility , sees a reverse of a pattern created by television . If , as cultural critic Neil Postman asserted , TV ended childhood -- the medium provided an impetus for young people to act older , which created hand-wringing about generations growing up too quickly -- the Internet has done the opposite , she says . "  The Internet and digital media have produced this ` Peter Pan effect ' where we never grow up , we 're perpetual children , we never have to be responsible for anything -- we keep this juvenile mentality , " she says . Indeed , the Web has a clique for every would-be adolescent -- class clowns , bullies , drama queens and fanboys .  There 's plenty of room for geeks and nerds , too .  They all get to indulge in their petty squabbles , and few of them show signs of growing up . Looking for a fight on the playground blacktop ? Check out Facebook and Twitter , where complete strangers assault each other with name calling . Want to be part of the popular crowd ? Try YouTube , full of instant celebrities who have done little except mix Diet Coke and Mentos in their mouths . Meanwhile , mainstream news and culture sites indulge in instant-gratification come-ons , from car-crash videos to galleries of kittens and puppies . Of course , if you do n't like any of it , you 're free to post in the comments , where the level of discourse is somewhere between "  This sucks " and "  You suck . " It 's all instantaneous , thanks to the always-on aspect of digital media -- available at the swipe of a smartphone . Who needs to think ? "  We say whatever 's on our mind , " says Sternberg . "  Restraint is one of the signs of adulthood , and our whole culture is celebrating a lack of restraint . " A squirt of dopamine , a shot of attention Of course , why would n't it ? It 's really two distinct if not unrelated issues . On the one hand , there 's the concept of immediate satisfaction . It 's in the very core of our lizard brains , the cries of "  Act now ! " and "  Just do it , " the things that give us a squirt of dopamine and keep us coming back again and again . Marketers and media people have always known its value , and the Internet -- in the form of catchy headlines and eye-grabbing , multi-frame galleries -- does this very well . And then there 's the stuff that appeals to us on a gut level , whether it 's graphic images , blunt language or a longing for attention . Perversely , it sometimes creates an antagonistic response : A recent Pew survey noted that a distinguishing aspect of Twitter chatter is its "  overall negativity . " "  Twitter users are not representative of the public , " the survey hastened to add . But Twitter users ' voices are often picked up by the wider media , which makes the wisecracks and incivility conveyed on the service even more attractive to attention-getters . And around and around we go . Besides , attention is a good thing , right ? We all want to be popular , enjoy a taste of celebrity . Digital life celebrates viral videos and Facebook memes . Does it matter what you said ? No -- what matters is how many people hear you say it . It all contributes to a potent mix , says Susan Douglas , a communications professor at the University of Michigan . "  It 's this weird moment , " she says , reeling off such facets as the rise of youth culture , the spread of celebrities oriented to youth , politically oriented dismissals of fact and the 140-character Twitter culture . With "  a rise of incivility that is completely accepted and enabled by social media , you have some kind of a brew here . " However , it 's a brew that gets eyeballs -- and that 's what matters to many websites , says Fairfield University communications professor Michael Serazio . "  What do audiences reward ? " he asks , observing that an 8,000-word investigative piece will usually lose out to a zingy tweet . As the media environment gets faster and faster -- now we also have 6-second Vines -- nobody wants to be the guy who passes around articles that get dismissed by commenters with "  tl ; dr "  too long ; did n't read  . So we end up back in the schoolyard . Says Serazio , "  We reward the emotional over the rational . " Figuring things out Sure , you 've probably heard some of these complaints before , the grousing of elders and eggheads about those darn kids and their clothes and their hair and their newfangled technology . Critics deplored newspaper tabloids , which catered to first-generation immigrants learning the language and time-pressed laborers grabbing a few minutes to read lurid headlines on the train . In the early '60s , FCC Chairman Newton Minow famously called television "  a vast wasteland , " echoing the thoughts of many who had hoped that the medium would bring about a golden age of entertainment and enlightenment -- not "  The Real McCoys " and "  Clutch Cargo . " It 's always something , the elitists charge . Still , like television in the 500-channel era , the Internet is many things , many of them worthwhile . Along with the spitball-blowers and OMG hyperventilators , there are smart sites that use smart prose and smart graphics  and are quite capable of satirizing everybody else  . They 're the kids who are actually trying to learn something -- respect for others , at the very least . OK , so they can sometimes be goody-two-shoes . And their voices often get drowned out by the unruly din of the digital masses . Does that mean they should end up at wrong end of wedgies ? Class ? Class ? Will class ever come to order ? Rachel Weingarten , a marketing strategist , sees some signs that the Internet is wising up a little . Some of her clients , she says , are trying to use thoughtful whispers rather than sledgehammer amplification , talking up to customers rather than talking at them . The reverse did n't work , she says . One well-known candy gave its front page over to a Twitter feed , inviting "  every 14-year-old idiot on Earth " to talk smack about the brand . Now , "  the boutique brands are saying , help us find our niche , and help us keep connected , " she says . "  People no longer want the big campaign . People now want you to help figure out who they are again . " In other words , they 're growing up . Michigan 's Douglas also credits some of the Internet 's noise to uncertainty . Web users are still figuring out whom to trust , how to communicate , what this new  and it IS still new  technology can do . They 're like a bunch of kids getting their first surge of hormones . They wo n't always be bouncing off the walls . But , in the meantime , it 's going to take some work to leave the schoolyard . Sternberg , for one , is n't optimistic . She mentions Freud and his "  Civilization and Its Discontents , " which argues that civilization relies on restraint of childish behavior . The Internet , of course , is just a reflection of our larger civilization -- and she does n't like what she sees . "  The idea that being an adult is prized in our culture -- that idea is evaporating , " she says . "  It 's really uncool . "	People engage in juvenile behavior online , even if they 're adults Internet and digital media have produced "  Peter Pan effect , " says one observer We reward short and punchy , not long and thoughtful Tide may be changing -- some marketers are tamping down the noise
CNN  -- Three more Asia-Pacific based airlines have announced plans to ban shark 's fin cargo from their flights . Fiji 's national carrier and South Korea 's Asiana and Korean Air are the latest to promise to halt shipments of shark fin and shark-related products from unsustainable and unverified sources . Acting CEO of Air Pacific -- soon to rebrand as Fiji Airways -- says the move is the result of a month-long review of its freight policies relating to shark products . "  We believe a ban on the shipment of unsustainably sourced shark fins is the right thing to do , and have implemented this policy effective immediately , " Aubrey Swift said in a statement released Monday . "  We will now work with conservation partners and the fishing industry to prepare and implement policies and processes that will ensure future shipments are sustainably sourced . " Shark finning thrives on Hong Kong rooftops Korean Air made its announcement of the change in policy last week . "  Previously , Korean Air carried shark fin only under the condition that a valid CITES  Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora  permit was fully obtained by the customer from the related national management authority , " the airline said in a statement . "  However , recently there has been a series of global movements calling to ban the carriage of shark fins . In view of these movements and in order to support the global call of protecting endangered shark species , Korean Air has recently reviewed its policy to stop the carriage of shark fins . " Lee Hyomin , a spokesman from Korean Air rival Asiana , told CNN the airline has already banned shark fins from its flights as well . Success for anti-shark fin campaigns The announcement by Air Pacific -- which in two days will officially relaunch as Fiji Airways -- comes in the wake of criticism of its earlier shark fin shipments to Hong Kong , the world 's biggest market for the controversial product . Campaigns highlighting the cruelty and devastation stemming from the practice continue to gather pace in the region . Approximately 72 million sharks are killed each year and 10,000 tons of fins are traded through Hong Kong . Cathay Pacific bans shark 's fin cargo flights "  Bans such as the ones taken by the airlines are an important step in the right direction , " Ran Elfassy , director of Hong Kong-based Shark Rescue , told CNN . "  The supply chain of shark products involves many players and the chances are good that traders will move to other carriers . But each disruption adds inefficiency and added cost to the transport , hopefully adding strong pressure to end the trade . " Prominent hotels and restaurants in the city have been publicly striking shark fin from their menus , while Hong Kong 's main carrier Cathay Pacific also announced a ban on shark 's fin cargo last September . Shark Rescue 's Elfassy says the impact of these large companies stepping up to ban shark fin is huge . "  When hotels like the Peninsula or airlines like Cathay Pacific take a stand to do what 's right , it sends a message that being socially responsible is good business , " he says . "  It also means these organizations who reach millions of customers every year can be major contributors for doing good . Moreover , it validates what the grassroots groups have been saying all along . " Last month , Air New Zealand also agreed to stop flying shipments of shark fin to Hong Kong . The decision came about after the New Zealand Shark Alliance revealed the airline 's shipments in local media . "  Air New Zealand has taken the decision to suspend the carriage of shark fins while we undertake a review of the issue , " Air New Zealand spokesperson Andrew Aitken told CNN last month . Though such bans prove that the issue is taking root not just at the dinner table but also in boardrooms , more governments in Asia need to follow suit says Jerry McLean , director and co-founder of the Hong Kong Shark Foundation . "  Consumers ' attitudes are shifting against consuming shark products and many states have banned it including Brunei , " he tells CNN . "  Asia 's governments need to step up and echo the attitudes of their populace . Hong Kong plays a crucial role in this , as it accounts for a little over 50 % of the global trade . But so far Hong Kong has n't even followed China in banning it at government banquets . " Peninsula Hotels group bans shark 's fin from menus CNN 's Frances Cha contributed to this report .	Air Pacific , Asiana and Korean Air vow to halt shark fin shipments Approximately 72 million sharks are killed each year and 10,000 tons of fins are traded through Hong Kong Impact of large corporations taking a stand is huge , says Hong Kong-based Shark Rescue
Where did our country go ? Americans are known around the world as a good and compassionate people -- with a soft spot for children . And , although you would n't know it from watching a ghastly detention drama currently playing out in the Southwest , law enforcement and the legal system have built-in safeguards that acknowledge the simple fact that children are different from adults , and thus can not be treated the same . The Department of Homeland Security and Immigration and Customs Enforcement seem to have forgotten that . These agencies are currently warehousing hundreds of children from Guatemala , Honduras and El Salvador who have , in recent months , streamed across the Texas-Mexico border . According to media reports , the group is a mixture of unaccompanied minors sent by their parents , toddlers traveling with their mothers , and children who are alone and trying to reunite with their parents in the United States . These youngsters are a long way from home and many appear to have gotten this far by jumping aboard passenger trains that run from the Mexico-Guatemala border to the northern cities of Mexico , and then joining up with "  coyotes "  smugglers  who brought them across or , in some cases , merely pointed the way . Once they arrived , they were taken into custody by U.S. immigration officials . According to immigration attorneys who represent some of these children , many are being held in freezing holding cells intended for fewer inhabitants and shorter stays . These are n't jail cells as much as temporary holding rooms nicknamed "  hieleras , " or ice chests . CNN has reported that the border facilities lack "  enough food , beds or sanitary facilities to provide for the children . " These are the lucky ones . Federal immigration officials have loaded hundreds of others on buses and transported them across state lines , only to drop them at bus stations in states like Arizona with nothing more than a notice to appear before an immigration judge -- a scribbled piece of paper representing a feeble attempt at accountability , which most of these people are likely to ignore as they wander off and fade into society . President Barack Obama called it "  an urgent humanitarian situation requiring a unified and coordinated federal response . " And Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson said his department other agencies would work together to ensure a "  rapid government-wide response in the short-term and to undertake broader , longer-term reforms to address the root cause behind these recent migration trends . " Anyone still think the border is -- as President Barack Obama and other administration officials have repeatedly assured us -- more secure than it ever has been ? It 's a mess . U.S. officials do n't have the faintest idea of what to do with the influx , even though they had advanced warning that this crisis was coming . Texas Gov. Rick Perry told radio host Sean Hannity this week that public safety officials in his state had informed the federal government about a surge of unaccompanied minors crossing the border as early as 2012 . The Department of Homeland Security appears to have not adequately addressed the problem . And now , with more than 1,000 children coming across the border every day according to government reports , it must . Why are they coming ? They 're fleeing countries like those in Central America that are quite literally falling apart , with little or failed infrastructure in the military or law enforcement , and thus unable to fend off encroachment by Mexican drug cartels looking for new outposts from which to operate . That is the best theory about why the surge is occurring . The most far-fetched theory comes from restrictionists and nativists who insist that what enticed these children from Central America to cross the U.S.-Mexico border is an expectation that Obama is poised to use his executive power to grant a kind of "  amnesty " to millions of undocumented . If people in Central America believe that , they could be the only folks in this hemisphere who do . Obama has never been particularly interested in proposing an immigration reform plan to Congress . And he has spent the last few years resisting calls to use executive power to act unilaterally to stop deportations . House Majority Leader Eric Cantor had taken just about every position one can take on the immigration issue , but recently said he would work with Obama to allow undocumented young people to stay in the United States . Now that has been defeated in the primary election by a conservative in his home district in Virginia , immigration reform is all but dead . Besides , from all appearances , the border kids are n't immigrants . They 're refugees . They 're here because they could n't be anywhere else , and they had no choice but to come . We 're supposed to take in people like this , and offer them safe haven . This country has a right to protect its borders , and to decide who enters and who does n't . But once our officials apprehend and take custody of a group of people -- let alone a group of children -- they 're responsible to do right by them . That is n't happening in the Southwest . We have standards , and procedures , and hoops to jump through for those who might claim refugee status . We do n't just drop human beings at a bus station , and run in the other direction . There are nations that would handle a situation like this in such a cowardly manner . This is n't one of them . So where did our country go ? And how do we get it back ?	Ruben Navarrette : Detention of children from Central America at border is beneath U.S. He says immigration officials keep them in inhumane conditions or bus them to Arizona Navarrette : Nativists are wrong to say it 's part of an Obama amnesty plan He says U.S. has a right to protect its borders , but this is unconscionable
CNN  If the 20th century was the century of the skyscraper , then the 21st century is shaping up as the century of the "  plyscaper . " Despite its historical reputation for great city fires -- London in 1666 , the Great Chicago fire of 1871 and San Francisco in 1906 -- wood is making a comeback as a construction material . Next year in Vienna , construction will begin on a 275-foot building made almost entirely of wood , while Stockholm may build a 34-story wooden apartment by 2023 . Others are in the pipeline from Canada to Australia to Europe . With faster construction times and a softer environmental impact , could the building material of the past be the future of construction ? Vancouver-based architect Michael Green says the momentum is gaining as new engineered woods allow for greater strength and heights in buildings . His firm MGA recently completed a 29.5 m  97 feet  wooden building , the Wood Innovation and Design Center in Prince George , Northern British Columbia . But he said news of taller wooden structures is sprouting up all the time . "  There seems to be a new announcement every two or three weeks , " Green said . "  We 've got one in Vancouver for 18 stories and in Vienna there 's one for more than 20 stories . "  We 've done research in high earthquake zones that show 30 stories is feasible ; we certainly think we can go to 40 and higher . " He said new developments in engineered woods -- small wood components that are glued together to make large panels for building -- are a game-changer for construction . Mass timber panels , in particular , cross-laminated timber  known in the industry simply as CLT  are becoming established as a quicker , greener and eventually cheaper alternative to concrete and steel . One great bonus of the material is the speed of construction ; panels can be made to measure in the factory complete with openings , windows and doors . While the main advantages of working in wood are manifold -- it 's flexible , robust and easily worked -- Green says wood may be the only material to address the growing problems of urbanization . "  Wood has not been an urban material so we looked at how it could be a contributor to urban environments , " he said . "  There are a whole host of advantages . "  Steel and concrete have huge carbon footprints . Concrete accounts for about 6-8 % of man 's greenhouse gas emissions , whereas wood stores carbon dioxide and gives us a vehicle to create carbon-neutral buildings . " The energy used to harvest wood , he said , is much less than the enormous amount required to produce concrete and steel . "  There is no other building material that is grown by the Sun , " he said . "  We 've calculated that the North American forests grow enough wood for a 20-story wood building every 8-10 minutes . " Ultimately , building in wood , Green argues , creates an economic incentive to plant more forests . "  The climate story is really happening at both ends of the argument -- by using more wood we encourage countries around the world to plant more trees . "  About 20 % of man 's carbon footprint comes from deforestation , this creates an important incentive for reforestation , " he said . In terms of carbon footprint , a 20-story plyscraper put against its counterpart in concrete and steel is the equivalent of taking 900 cars off the road for a year , MGA estimates . But the established nature of concrete and steel means that CLT will not replace urban building materials overnight . Concerns over fire and inherent problems with its acoustic qualities  apartments need additional acoustic measures to keep noise from traveling  have meant that the construction establishment has been slow to come to the party . In Vienna , for example , the Austrian fire services are working with architects to test their plans . "  The main factor is that everyone wants to build higher and higher buildings . An 84-meter-high building in Europe is not usual and there are a lot of necessities that have to be realized , " fire service spokesman Christian Wegner told The Guardian newspaper . "  A few of us were upset because it was crazy to present an idea like this that has not been discussed with everyone yet . "  They have to carry out special tests on the correct combination of concrete and wood . We also want to develop a more fail-safe sprinkler system . I expect they will pass the tests but if they develop the building as they say they will , it will be a serious project . " Green counters that CLT is as fire resistant as other new-builds made by traditional means and likens its ability to burn to trying to set a redwood on fire with a lit match , with any charring creating an insulation layer that protects the wood underneath . Even so , the industry remains largely skeptical of a process that -- while having obvious advantages in terms of speed -- is still on par with steel and concrete construction in terms of cost . "  It will become cheaper but it 's too new to be significantly less expensive , " Green said , adding that the difficulty lies in competing with a well-honed and century-old system of designing , building and budgeting for concrete and steel . "  The culture of building and the culture of developing buildings is very conservative , " he said . "  The hardest part of my job is not the engineering and the design or the innovation , it 's really about changing the public 's perception of what 's possible . " Ultimately , buildings of the future are likely to be a mixture of wooden components and concrete and steel ; combining the stability of concrete with the flexibility and speed of wood . Leading timber specialist at the engineering group ARUP , Andrew Lawrence , said that shear walls -- the core of tall buildings which provide stability against the lateral force of the wind or seismic activity -- are likely to continue to be made from concrete and steel . However , the real savings from wood come when all the cost elements of making a tall building are taken into account . "  Clients are missing a trick with wood , " he said , adding that dollar-for-dollar as a pure construction material wood can still struggle to be cheaper than concrete . "  What you need to do if you want an economic wood solution is to think about all the aspects from outset . "  You will save on the program because it 's all dry and is quick to erect and potentially , if you 're making an office building , you can leave a lot of the wood exposed , saving on the cost and time of installing finishes . " Apart from having a sustainable solution , Lawrence says , clients will gain a building that looks good too . "  If you leave the wood exposed , you can have a really nice environment inside the building , " he says . "  There are studies that show that people are happier inside wood structures . "	Wood is making a comeback as a construction material New engineered woods allow for greater strength and heights in buildings
Deadly diseases like Ebola are only a plane ride away . In today 's interconnected world , linked by transoceanic flights , one infected person can trigger a domino effect that pays no attention to borders . "  The concern that people are going to get on these flights and fly from West Africa , where these cases are , to anywhere in the world is ... a real possibility , " said Dr. Sanjay Gupta , CNN 's chief medical correspondent . "  I think for a long time people did n't think that that was going to happen because Ebola was sort of relegated to very remote areas of Africa . Things have changed with our globalized world . " Could outbreak spread to U.S. ? Ebola patient on West African flights Earlier this month , a Liberian government official who had Ebola symptoms collapsed after getting off his flight in Lagos , Nigeria on July 20 . Patrick Sawyer , 40 , died five days later . He had been taking care care of his Ebola-stricken sister , in Liberia , although he did n't know she had the disease , his wife told CNN . Health workers identified 59 people who came in contact with him including 15 in the airport staff and 44 from the hospital . He had traveled by plane via Lomé , Togo and Accra , Ghana . His case sparked concerns that the virus could disperse through air travel . At this point , the World Health Organization does not recommend any travel or trade restrictions on Guinea , Liberia or Sierra Leone . However , the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention issued warnings Thursday to avoid nonessential travel to the three West African countries . The WHO , the International Civil Aviation Organzation and the International Air Transport Association have been coordinating efforts to fight the spread of the disease . According to an ICAO statement , they are considering passenger screenings : "  The Organization remains in contact with the WHO on potential efforts which may be required to facilitate repatriation flights , as well as matters relating to air ambulance services in the affected areas . " Can plane passengers become infected ? While the CDC acknowledges it 's possible a person infected with Ebola in West Africa could get on a plane and arrive in another country like the United States , the chances of the virus spreading during the journey are low . "  It 's very unlikely that they would be able to spread the disease to fellow passengers , " said Stephen Monroe , deputy director of CDC 's National Center for Emerging Zoonotic and Infectious Diseases . "  The Ebola virus spreads through direct contact with the blood , secretions , or other body fluids of ill people , and indirect contact -- for example with needles and other things that may be contaminated with these fluids . " He added that most people who have become infected with Ebola lived with or cared for an ill patient . "  This is not an airborne transmission , " said Dr. Marty Cetron , director of CDC 's Division of Global Migration and Quarantine . "  There needs to be direct contact frequently with body fluids or blood . " Travelers should take precautions by avoiding areas experiencing outbreaks and avoid contact with Ebola patients . Ebola symptoms include fever , intense weakness , muscle pain , headache and sore throat ; followed by vomiting , diarrhea , rash , impaired kidney and liver function , and at advanced stage , both internal and external bleeding , according to the WHO . "  It is highly unlikely that someone suffering such symptoms would feel well enough to travel , " IATA said in a statement . "  In the rare event that a person infected with the Ebola virus was unknowingly transported by air , WHO advises that the risks to other passengers are low . Nonetheless , WHO does advise public health authorities to carry out contact tracing in such instances . " This means determining who had contact with the affected person . What should flight crew do if Ebola infection is suspected ? The CDC issued interim guidance for airline crews on Ebola virus infections . "  As with many other global infectious disease outbreaks , airline carriers , crew members , airports can be very important partners in that front line , " said Cetron . "  Being educated , knowing the symptoms , recognizing what to do , having a response protocol , knowing who to call , those are really , really important parts of the global containment strategy to deal with threats like this . " The CDC advises that when flight crew members encounter a passenger with symptoms that they suspect could be Ebola , such as fever and bleeding , that they keep the sick person away from other passengers . They 've been instructed to wear disposable gloves and to provide the sickened person with a surgical mask to prevent fluids from spreading through talking , sneezing or coughing . The airline cleaning crew are also instructed to wear disposable gloves , wipe down surfaces including armrests , seat backs , trays and light switches . The CDC says that packages and cargo should not pose a risk , unless the items have been soiled with blood or bodily fluids . When someone becomes ill on a flight , the captain is required by aviation regulations to report the suspected case to air traffic control , according to IATA . How it 's affecting flights Nigeria-based airline companies ASKY and Arik Air suspended operations at the end of July into Monrovia and Freetown , the capitals of Liberia and Sierra Leone , respectively . ASKY said passengers departing from Conakry , Guinea , would be screened for signs of the virus . Most of the international flights from Sierra Leone , Guinea and Liberia have flights to other West African destinations like Senegal , Ghana and Cote d'Ivoire . There are several flights a week to Belgium , France and the United Kingdom too , according to data from Flightstats.com . Passengers could get anywhere through connecting flights . The UK Department of Health said in a statement that it is monitoring Ebola , but that the risk is still low for British citizens . "  We do not , at the moment , think this is an issue that affects the UK directly , " said Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond , who held a high-level meeting about the disease on Wednesday .	CDC : Spreading Ebola on a plane is "  very unlikely " Ebola virus spreads through direct contact with blood , secretions or body fluids Man with Ebola symptoms collapsed after deplaning in Nigeria Patients with Ebola not likely to be traveling , because symptoms are very severe
CNN  -- The Thai navy has filed criminal charges against two journalists over a report tying military personnel to human trafficking . The criminal defamation and computer crimes charges against the reporters from Phuketwan -- a news website in the province of Phuket -- relate to the July 17 article that included information from a Reuters investigative piece that alleged some Thai naval forces have been profiting from the smuggling of ethnic Rohingya migrants fleeing violence in neighboring Myanmar . According to the charge sheet , the navy accuses the journalists of knowingly publishing false information and committing slander . If found guilty , veteran Australian journalist and editor of Phuketwan , Alan Morison as well as reporter Chutima Sidasathian , a Thai citizen , could face up five years behind bars . A navy official filed the suit against Morison and Chutima last week on December 16 . Two days later the journalists were fingerprinted at a Phuket police station and denied all charges , Morison told CNN . Human Rights Watch has condemned the move , warning the charges threaten press freedom in Thailand . "  The Thai navy 's lawsuit is a reckless attempt to curtail journalists ' reporting on alleged human trafficking by its officers , " said Brad Adams , Asia director at Human Rights Watch in a statement issued Thursday . "  Unless the government withdraws the case , its impact will be felt far beyond those reporting on abuses against the Rohingya -- and could have a choking effect on all investigative reporting in Thailand , " he added . Journalists from Reuters could face similar charges over the original article , according to Human Rights Watch , however the news agency said that it has not been notified of any legal action . "  Our story was fair and balanced and Reuters has not been accused of criminal libel , " said Reuter 's Global Head of Communications , Barb Burg . Denying the charges , Morison said the Reuters report was published by media outlets around the world and the actions of the Thai Royal Navy has him and his colleague puzzled . "  The mystery is why the navy has chosen to sue Phuketwan journalists over these allegations , " Morison and Chutima said in a statement . "  The article at the center of the charge on Phuketwan was a selection from the Reuters special report on the Rohingya . The paragraph and headline in question does not name the Royal Thai Navy , " Morison told CNN on Sunday . "  The navy 's action over one paragraph has created a perfect storm . If the navy proceeds with the case , the Rohingya issue is now tied up in their action against media under a controversial law . " An official from the Royal Thai Navy , who asked not to be named , told CNN the navy , "  does not intend to obstruct any media from , or threaten any media for performing their duties . What we are trying to do is to protect our organization from false allegations . " "  Phuketwan and Reuters jounalists have put out their accusing statements without reaching us and providing us at least a fair chance to explain , " the official added . Morison , 65 , is originally from Melbourne . He produces Phuketwan.com and also freelances for international media , including CNN , the The Sydney Morning Herald and the South China Morning Post . He worked for CNN as CNN.com Asia Deputy Editor in 2001-2002 and has been in Phuket for 11 years . He and Chutima are due to return to the police station for further investigation on December 24 . Morison said it is expected police will ask for formal statements from the reporters . If convicted , they could face jail time of up to five years under Thailand 's controversial Computer Crimes Act , as well as a fine of up to 100,000 baht  $ 3,300  . The Computer Crimes Act , which came into force in Thailand in 2007 , seeks to bar the spread of material believed to threaten national security or create panic . But the law has attracted criticism from freedom of expression advocates and global internet providers for making online users liable for reproducing content originally published by others . It 's believed to be the first time an arm of the Thai military has used the law against the media , Morison said . He described the authorities ' response to the Reuters story as like "  breaking a butterfly on a wheel . " Phuketwan , although a small organization , has become known for its investigations into allegations of abuse against Rohingya people in Thailand and corruption on the island of Phuket . Each year , boats carrying hundreds of Rohingya fleeing ethnic and religious violence in Myanmar are intercepted in Thai waters by authorities . Thailand has a policy of what it calls "  helping on " the Rohingya to Malaysia . Several media reports and rights advocates claim some Rohingya end up in the hands of people smugglers who demand money for their release . CNN 's Kocha Olarn and Sophie Brown contributed to this report .	Thai navy files criminal defamation and computer criminal charges against journalists Phuketwan cited a Reuters ' report implicating authorities in trafficking Rohingya migrants Human Rights Watch warns the move will curtail media freedom in Thailand
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Pop star Britney Spears is an "  adult child in the throes of a mental health crisis " whose "  life is presently at risk , " her parents said Wednesday night after the singer was released from a hospital . Jamie and Lynne Spears said in a statement that they were dismayed to learn that their daughter had been discharged from the University of California-Los Angeles Medical Center Wednesday over the recommendation of her psychiatrist . They said the hospital could "  best care for her and keep her safe . " "  We are deeply concerned about her safety and vulnerability and we believe her life is presently at risk , " the statement added . "  There are conservatorship orders in place created to protect our daughter that are being blatantly disregarded . We ask only that the court 's orders be enforced so that a tragedy may be averted . " Spears left the Los Angeles hospital Wednesday afternoon , nearly a week after being admitted in the latest stage of an extraordinary public meltdown . Get a paparazzi-eye view of Spears " Followed by paparazzi , a convoy of police escorted Spears to University of California-Los Angeles Medical Center on January 30 , her second hospitalization in a month . It was the latest step in the personal and career skid for the 26-year-old singer , now embroiled in a battle with ex-husband Kevin Federline over the custody of their two sons . Spears left the facility Wednesday in her black Mercedes-Benz and drove to a hotel with television helicopters tracking every turn . A crowd of photographers swarmed around her when she arrived . She also had been taken to another hospital January 3 for drug and alcohol tests and a psychiatric evaluation after a custody dispute at her home . The following day , a California court refused to grant Spears visitation rights with her children -- Sean Preston , 2 , and Jayden James , 1 -- until mid-February at the earliest . In the last year , the onetime Mouseketeer has shaved her head as photographers looked on ; been cited for "  habitual , frequent , and continuous use of controlled substances and alcohol " by the judge in her custody case ; and seen her "  comeback " performance on the MTV Video Music Awards panned by critics who derided her singing , dancing , costume choice and weight . Spears ' parents obtained a restraining order against her manager earlier this week , accusing Omar "  Sam " Lufti -- whom Spears met in October -- of drugging her and controlling her life , her finances and her exposure to photographers . The order barred Lufti from Spears ' homes and those of her family , as well as her children . Federline , Spears ' former backup dancer , holds primary custody of the children . Spears had been in trouble with the court earlier concerning her compliance with court orders in the custody case . E-mail to a friend	NEW : Parents calls Spears "  adult child in the throes of a mental health crisis " Britney Spears drove away from hospital in black Mercedes Wednesday TV helicopters , photographers covered Spears ' every move -- to a hotel Spears has been hospitalized twice in a month 's time
CNN  -- Jose Mourinho and Andre Villas-Boas might be poles apart personally , but their teams could not be separated at White Hart Lane on Saturday as Chelsea drew 1-1 with Tottenham Hotspur in the English Premier League . Villas-Boas , who spent seven years working under Mourinho at Porto , Chelsea and finally Inter Milan , was facing his old mentor for the first time since their friendship dissolved . Most of the pre-match press conference questions on Friday had focused on the pair 's fall out in 2009 . Villas-Boas explained the men were once close , but did n't lose any sleep over the acrimonious split . Mourinho , meanwhile , steadfastly refused to talk about their relationship publicly . "  I do n't discuss this with the media , it 's a personal thing . I do n't care what he says . I 'm not here to do that . I 'm not interested . " Mourinho said Friday . Read more : Gay soccer players want to come out It was perhaps inevitable then that the two men exchanged a lukewarm handshake prior to the kick-off before what turned out to be a keenly contested affair . Villas-Boas ' Spurs side drew blood first in the 19th minute with a well-worked goal . Christian Eriksen beat Frank Lampard before dashing forward and playing in Roberto Soldado . The Spanish striker then laid the ball off to Gylfi Sigurdsson , who fended off a challenge from John Terry before shooting past Petr Cech . The Icelandic midfielder could have doubled the lead four minutes later but was denied by a Branislav Ivanovic block as he was waiting to tap the ball in . At the start of the second half , Mourinho brought on Spanish midfielder Juan Mata for John Obi Mikel and Chelsea 's fortunes soon started to improve . Read more : Messi testifies in tax trial Oscar should have converted a Fernando Torres cross three minutes after the restart and Mata had the ball in the back of the net in the 57th minute , only for the goal to be disallowed for offside . Eight minutes later Chelsea scored again but this time the goal stood as John Terry flicked a Juan Mata free-kick past Hugo Lloris in the Spurs goal . Chelsea were now in the ascendency with Lloris denying substitute Andre Schuerrle after Torres had playing the German in on goal in the 78th minute . But the game swung back in the home side 's favor three minutes later when Torres was sent off after receiving a second yellow card for tangling with Jan Vertonghen for a second time in the half . Read more : Dortmund batter Freiburg As the Spanish striker departed , so too did Chelsea 's chances of winning and it was Spurs who were gunning for three points as the clock ticked down . Both Jermain Defoe and Sigurdsson had chances to win the game but neither could convert . As the final whistle blew , the master and his former apprentice shared a rather warmer-looking embrace , safe in the knowledge that any personal or professional rivalries can be put aside until later in the season . The return fixture at Stamford Bridge takes place in March , but two domestic cup competitions could still bring the Portuguese maestros together again long before then . City and United stunned Last weekend , it was Manchester City fans who were cheering following a thumping 4-1 win over neighbors United . This week both sets of fans were reeling from shock defeats . United lost 2-1 to West Bromwich Albion at Old Trafford while City went down to Aston Villa 3-2 at Villa Park . A 54th minute goal from Morgan Amalfitano saw the visitors take the lead but it was canceled out three minutes later by Wayne Rooney . The United of old may well have gone on to dominate the match after drawing level but it was West Brom 's Saido Berahino who delivered the knockout blow in the 67th minute . The win is West Brom 's first at the Theatre of Dreams since 1979 and leaves David Moyes ' United stuck in mid-table with seven points from six games -- their worst start to a league season for 24 years . "  We did n't defend well in the second half , but when we got back in , I expected us to win it with the talent we have got , " Moyes said . "  People come here expecting us to play well , but we did n't play well . We tried to pick it up in the second half , but we got done by it as well . You 're always going to have bad results . It is how you deal with them . There are lots of games to come and it 's about how you deal with them , so we look forward to them , " Moyes added . After back-to-back defeats in the league , United now face a test of nerve in the Champions League when they travel to Shakhtar Donetsk on Wednesday . City , meanwhile , were stunned by a second-half assault by Villa after Yaya Toure had volleyed home the opening goal in the 45th minute . Karim El Ahmadi leveled the scores in the 51st minute before a Edin Dzeko header put City ahead again five minutes later . But two goals in two minutes from Leandro Bacuna in the 73rd minute and Andreas Weimann moments later sealed an improbable win against Manuel Pellegrini 's multi-million dollar side . Arsenal top the table Arsenal took full toll of the situation in the late kick-off beating Swansea City 2-1 at the Liberty Stadium . Second-half goals from Serge Gnabry and Aaron Ramsey earned the Gunners all three points despite a spirited late surge from the home side which saw Ben Davies half the deficit . After losing to Aston Villa on the opening day of the season , Arsene Wenger 's side have now won five on the bounce and are two points clear of second-place Spurs . Liverpool will move up to second if they can beat bottom side Sunderland by more than two goals on Sunday . In the remaining Premier League fixtures on Saturday , Southampton beat Crystal Palace 2-0 to move up to fourth in the table . Hull City beat West Ham United 1-0 while Cardiff City beat Fulham 2-1 at Craven Cottage .	Jose Mourinho 's Chelsea draw 1-1 with Andre Villas-Boas ' Tottenham Hotspur side Spurs take lead with 19th minute goal from Sigurdsson before John Terry equalizer Both Manchester United and City suffer shock defeats against West Brom and Aston Villa Arsenal go top of league after 2-1 win at Swansea City
CNN  -- It 's a familiar scenario : A major crime is committed . Police investigate possible leads while the media asks for information . Soon , authorities say they have a "  person of interest . " Raymond Clark was named a person of interest , and then charged with murdering Yale grad student Annie Le . But what does this term mean ? "  The ` person of interest ' tells you nothing , " says Cynthia Hujar Orr , president of the National Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers . "  They are suspicious of that person , but the police do n't have the evidence they need . " Investigators named Raymond Clark a "  person of interest " after 24-year-old Yale University graduate student Annie Le was found dead in the basement of an off-campus lab . Officer Joe Avery , of the New Haven Police Department , said Clark was a "  person of interest " because he worked in the same highly-secured lab where Le was last seen . Authorities detained Clark , 24 , on Tuesday , took his DNA and searched his home . They released him , and his lawyer said Clark was fully cooperating with authorities . Then , on Thursday , Clark was arrested and charged with Le 's murder . Watch police announce the arrest " But not everyone who is called a person of interest becomes a suspect . In the last decade , law enforcement authorities have increasingly used the phrase -- but the label did n't necessarily mean the person would be charged . According to one analysis of 40 cases , half of the "  persons of interest " were released without charges . The exact origin of the phrase "  person of interest " is unknown . But several criminology professors and attorneys who spoke with CNN said they believe the phrase became widely used after the 1996 Olympic Park bombings in Atlanta , Georgia , when media outlets called security guard Richard Jewell a suspect . Jewell was never charged , and was eventually cleared . Several years later , Eric Rudolph was arrested and convicted for the crime . Jewell died in August 2007 . Jewell sued the FBI and several media organizations -- including CNN , NBC and the Atlanta Journal Constitution -- for libel and slander . The CNN and NBC suits were settled . The U.S. Attorney 's Office gave him an unprecedented government acknowledgment of wrongful accusation . Law enforcement officers and the media began using the term "  person of interest " as a shield against civil litigation . But some attorneys , criminologists and media experts say using the loose term "  person of interest " can tarnish the person 's reputation , mislead the public , and possibly hurt the investigation . Using the phrase is a way for authorities to draw attention to the person without formally accusing them , they say . Watch a discussion of the phrase ` person of interest ' " "  It 's a really bad term to use , because the public reads ` suspect , ' " said Kelly McBride , ethics group leader at the Poynter Institute , a national journalism training institute in St. Petersburg , Florida . Donna Shaw , a journalism professor at The College of New Jersey , said she believes federal law enforcement officials invented the phrase in the mid-1990s to satiate journalists hounding them for information . Soon , local law enforcement officers began to pick up on the phrase . Shaw studied a year 's worth of stories with the term "  person of interest " in 2006 , interviewing representatives from local police departments on why the term was utilized . "  Some of the police told me , ' We do n't know what it means but it makes reporters happy , ' " Shaw said . Her research found that fewer than half of the people identified as "  persons of interest " were ever charged with the crimes , yet their stories remained ingrained on the Internet after their exoneration . In the U.S. Attorney 's Manual , a guidebook used by federal criminal prosecutors , the phrase "  person of interest " does n't exist . It is not a legal term used by attorneys . Police are trained to use lingo like "  suspect , " "  subject " and "  target . " James Alan Fox , a criminologist at Northeastern University , said the expression "  person of interest " is closest in meaning to the word "  subject " but does n't necessarily mean that person is a "  suspect . " A subject is a police term used to describe someone who appears suspicious for circumstantial reasons . Common "  subjects " could be a victim 's husband or boyfriend , Fox said . In the case of graduate student Annie Le , Raymond Clark worked in the same lab . In contrast , a suspect is someone against whom police have specific evidence leading investigators to believe the person committed the crime and will likely be charged , he said . In some instances , as in Clark 's case , a "  person of interest " can eventually become a suspect , who is then arrested and charged . "  Any particular crime will have several ` people of interest , ' " Fox said . "  But much of the time a person of interest is just that , once the police investigate and find out they have an alibi . " Steven Hatfill , a former U.S. Army bio-weapons scientist , found his reputation destroyed after Attorney General John Ashcroft named him a "  person of interest " in the 2001 anthrax attacks . In the investigation that followed , Hatfill was never charged . He was never named a suspect . "  The government failed us , not only by failing to catch the anthrax mailers but by seeking to conceal that failure , " a lawyer for Hatfill said in 2008 after winning a $ 2.8 million settlement of an invasion of privacy lawsuit against the Justice Department . "  Our government did this by leaking gossip , speculation and misinformation to a handful of credulous reporters , " the lawyer added . The man whom authorities eventually blamed for the anthrax attacks , Bruce Ivins , committed suicide in 2008 as federal agents were closing in on him , police said . Officials at the National Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers in Washington , D.C. , said authorities who use the phrase "  person of interest " can confuse the person who is in custody . A person who is labeled a "  person of interest " might not seek out an attorney under the mistaken belief he or she is simply a witness , and the vague term can make it easier for police to get a confession , they said . Clark , the technician labeled a "  person of interest " in the Yale student 's slaying , answered some questions and then obtained an attorney , police said . Scott Burns , executive director of the National District Attorneys Association , said the imprecise phrase can help law enforcement to establish credibility among the public by suggesting that they are making progress in a case . By saying you have a suspect , he explained , "  You are putting your nickel down and saying we think we have the guy . "	Police began widely using "  person of interest " after 1996 Olympic Park bombing It does not mean the same thing as "  suspect " Experts say the phrase came into use to reduce media pressure It can deceive the subject of an investigation , expert says
CNN  -- It was around 6:30 in the morning . The air was crisp , the farmers had just watered their fields -- corn perhaps , Omar does n't entirely recall -- and the ground was muddy , slippery and uneven . There was a pack on his back , a bag slung over each shoulder , and cradled in his arms , the frail body of his 11-year-old brother Abdulrahman . Abdulrahman , the baby of the family , could n't walk on his own . His left leg was blown off in late July . Read more : Cave becomes classroom for Syrian kids The last words of the driver who dropped them off echoed in Omar 's mind : "  You 're on your own now . " It was as far as the car could safely take them in Syria , a few hundred meters from the Turkish border . Omar 's back ached , his arms in agony . He focused on putting down one foot after the other , struggling to keep his balance . He looked down at Abdulrahman 's face every few minutes and tried to smile reassuringly . Read more : Who is arming the Syrian conflict ? "  The only thing that I could think was to arrive , that whatever I was going through , once I arrived it was all going to be OK , " Omar said . For the safety of the brothers and their family back in Syria we are omitting their last name , specific locations , and other identifying details . "  There were fighter planes and there was a rocket that hit close to our house , " Abdulrahman says quietly about the day he was injured . "  I went to see what was going on and another rocket hit . " He does n't say much beyond that ; at times simply nodding or smiling sweetly , or seemingly lost in his memories . Tears slowly overflow out of Omar 's eyes . He slowly wipes them away as he looks down at Abdulrahman . Read more : Why region fears al-Assad 's ` blackmail ' in Beirut Omar , 21 , was sleeping when the first rocket hit . His mother , panicking , came running into his room . "  My mom woke me up saying , ` Stand up immediately . ' She said Abdulrahman went out and the plane is roaming , is circulating above , you need to get him back to the house , " Omar tells us . He was too late . "  I kept running , the first guy saw Abdulrahman injured and he said ` Catch up to your brother , he 's about to die . ' I ca n't control , I ran , ran , ran . When I got there , they told me the ambulance has just taken him . " Read more : Exiled Syrian writer honored for ` Diaries ' of revolt Abdulrahman does n't speak to us about those moments . But Omar says his brother recounted how people were running away . "  He was wounded , and he began shouting , ` Is n't there anyone to carry me ? ' " Omar found his brother in the makeshift field clinic , in the basement of the town 's mosque . "  Once he saw me , he shouted ` Omar ! ' -- shouted with all his strength . I did n't see what happened , I just saw blood . When I got closer I saw his leg and I just yelled and I started crying . " Abdulrahman 's leg was amputated ; there was no way to save it . It was practically entirely severed just below the knee . "  After he woke up I was crying , I could n't control myself , and he said , ` If you love me do n't cry , ' " Omar recalls , eyes slightly widening , acknowledging our amazement at his brother 's strength . He says Abdulrahman made him promise not to cry in front of their mother . "  I said I will control myself , " Omar continues . "  I told him , do you know where your leg is ? He said , ' I know it 's cut , I keep feeling it , it hurts . ' I told him it just went before you to heaven . " Read more : Defecting Syrian propagandist says his job was ` to fabricate ' And that is also when Omar made another promise to his younger brother : that he would walk again . Omar started working to save money for a prosthetic , but quickly realized that it would take too long to raise the funds . He began asking around , went online . A group of Egyptian doctors happened to be visiting the field clinic , and they told him about the Global Medical Relief Fund , a small U.S. nongovernmental organization that is dedicated to helping children badly wounded in disasters and war zones . GMRF takes care of children 's follow-up prosthetics and physical therapy until they reach the age of 21 . The founder , Elissa Montanti , quickly responded : Yes , of course , she would take on his case , but first the brothers had to get to Turkey . They did make it safely across the border . And after a long and arduous journey navigating a country they do n't know , a language they do n't speak and with meager funds , they made it to Ankara , the Turkish capital , where they are now waiting . Montanti has been working on the brothers ' paperwork to get Abdulrahman to the U.S. for medical treatment , made all the more challenging because they do n't have passports . Their visa requests were denied . Now they are waiting to see if the State Department will grant them humanitarian parole . Omar pulls his brother in closer , gently stroking his cheek . The two , always close , are now inseparable . But Abdulrahman , despite his frequent shy smiles , is constantly plagued by the memories . "  He has nightmares and sometimes daydreams , bad daydreams , " Omar tells us . "  He says ' I feel it , I feel just like there is a snake around . ' I keep telling him it does n't exist and he says it hurts and starts screaming . " Abdulrahman , under his breath , says he sees a big one , surrounded by smaller ones . Omar says his mind is always churning , obsessed with make sure his brother is , quite simply , OK . "  All the time I think how to make him comfortable . It 's just like raising a child -- I have to take all the responsibilities . He needs to be educated again . I want to take advantage of this situation to teach him languages , everything I can . " Tragically , Abdulrahman has already learned one of the harshest lessons of all . "  The most important thing that he 's learning at this time , " Omar says , "  it 's to be aware , to grow up his mind . He 's not a child anymore . "	11-year-old Abdulrahman lost his leg during a rocket attack is Syria Abdulrahman 's brother Omar promised his younger brother that he would walk again The two brothers navigated the dangerous trek across the Turkish border to get help U.S.-based group is working to get Abdulrahman the medical care he needs
Istanbul  CNN  -- Turkey 's foreign minister applauded recent Libyan rebel advances against the forces of Moammar Gadhafi at an international diplomatic conference Thursday to plan for the post-Gadhafi era in Libya . Diplomats from 29 countries gathered in Istanbul for the meeting of the Libyan Contact Group , a coalition of Arab and European governments as well as the United States and Turkey . Representatives from NATO , the African Union , United Nations , European Union , Arab League , Gulf Cooperation Council and Libya 's National Transitional Council -- the rebel Libyan government -- are also present . "  Today we are all proud and pleased with the ground-breaking developments on the ground " in Libya , said Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu as he opened the meeting . "  The military victories of the National Transitional Council against the Gadhafi forces in Tripoli have brought the Libyan people closer to the noble cause that they been fighting for -- freedom , justice , dignity and democracy . " Turkey is one of the co-chairs of the Libya Contact Group . The governments of many of the countries in attendance threw their weight behind the Libyan rebels by freezing the assets of Gadhafi 's government and pledging military and financial support to the NTC , based in Benghazi . The NTC was represented in Istanbul Thursday by its ambassador to the UAE , Arif Ali Mayed , while Washington sent Deputy Secretary of State William Burns and Jeffrey Feltman , assistant secretary of state for Near Eastern Affairs . There was also significant Arab representation at the session , with diplomats from Bahrain , Jordan , Morocco , Lebanon , the UAE , Qatar and Kuwait . Egypt was listed as an observer . Turkey 's top diplomat announced Gadhafi had "  exited the political scene , " and called on the international community to recognize the NTC as the sole representative of the Libyan people . "  Its flag should be raised at the United Nations headquarters in New York , hopefully the next U.N. General Assembly , " Davutoglu said , referring to the tri-color banner adopted by the Libyan opposition . Davutoglu also said unfreezing Libyan financial assets and handing them over to the NTC was of "  critical importance . " He urged the U.N. Security Council to take the steps to make this transfer of funds possible . The cash-strapped rebel leadership has already been lobbying the United Nations and several countries to release Libyan money frozen in foreign banks by the U.N. Security Council . U.S. State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said it was clear that there was "  considerable work " ahead but that the mood of those present at the meeting was upbeat . The delegates "  came together to demonstrate the international community 's firm commitment to supporting the Libyan people at this truly historic time , " she said in a statement . Everyone there , including the NTC , had "  emphasized the need for reconciliation , respect for human rights , and justice , not retribution , " she said , and given "  a collective affirmation of the need for Libya 's transition to be Libyan-led . " Speaking on the sidelines of the conference , Feltman told reporters the Arab League was expected to officially "  seat " the Libyan National Transitional Council at the league headquarters in Cairo Saturday . He said priorities for the Libya Contact Group were reconciliation , so that rebels would make peace with regime loyalists ; adjusting the donor community to the new reality in Libya , and getting emergency funds to the NTC . Feltman said the release of $ 1.5 billion in frozen assets would help pay outstanding oil bills and keep the electricity on in Libya . A U.S. proposal for the U.N. Security Council to hand frozen Libyan government assets to the NTC is opposed by South Africa , which is not a member of the Libyan Contact Group . The Security Council met on the matter Wednesday . Speaking in Rome Thursday after a meeting with senior NTC member Mahmoud Jibril , Italy 's Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi pledged to help the NTC . Italy will unfreeze about $ 505 million  350 million euros  in Libyan assets that have been held in Italian banks , Berlusconi said . He also promised money to support Libya 's health and education infrastructure and for military training . Jibril said that the battle for Tripoli was still going on , but that Libya must think of its future . He said urgent aid was needed to deal with the situation , adding that some people had not received a paycheck for months . If the NTC was not able to provide basic services and pay salaries , there was a risk that it would fail and the country would be destabilized , he warned . CNN 's Hada Messia and Jill Dougherty contributed to this report .	NEW : Much work lies ahead but the world supports the Libyan people , a U.S. official says Davutoglu : "  Today we are all proud and pleased with developments in Libya " Italy 's prime minister pledges financial aid after a separate meeting with the NTC Twenty-nine countries , and Libya 's rebels , are represented at the meeting in Istanbul
CNN  -- A New York man was ordered to undergo a psychiatric evaluation after allegedly beating his girlfriend and her daughter to death with a hammer , claiming they were witches , prosecutors said Thursday . Carlos Alberto Amarillo , 44 , allegedly called 911 early Wednesday and said "  two females are dead , they were assassinated , hurry , they are dead , " the Queens district attorney 's office said in a statement . "  I killed them because they are witches , " Amarillo reportedly said on the 911 call , according to the statement . "  I want the police to kill me . I killed them with a hammer . " A neighbor told CNN he heard the banging , apparently from the hammer blows , but no screaming . When police arrived at the home where the 911 call was made , Amarillo was walking from the doorway to the street carrying a Bible . He allegedly told officers : "  I killed them , I killed them , " according to the statement . Police found the body of his girlfriend , Estrella Castaneda , 56 , face up on a bed with a pillow over her face , the statement said . The rubber grip of a hammer was next to her body . On the floor in a rear bedroom , police found the victim 's daughter , Lina Castaneda , 25 , with injuries to her head , prosecutors said . The hammer was next to her body . Lina Castaneda 's 7-year-old daughter was found unharmed on the bed in her mother 's room , authorities said . "  The defendant is accused of the violent beating death of his girlfriend and her daughter -- who in fact was herself the mother of a young child , " Queens District Attorney Richard A. Brown said in the statement . "  Thankfully , that child ... was not harmed . " In statements to police , Amarillo allegedly said that he believed the victims were witches and were "  performing voodoo and casting spells on him , " Brown said in the statement . Camilo Alvarez , 23 , who lives two houses down , said that about midnight Wednesday he heard a loud banging sound . He thought it might be his mother moving things around upstairs . Then , police officers arrived in front of his neighbor 's house . "  As awful as it sounds , I think that was the hammering , " Alvarez said . "  Nobody heard screaming -- that 's the weird part -- so nobody called the police . " Still , Alvarez wondered if a call to police at that point could have made a difference . "  It was mind-blowing , " he said . "  You never expect that right next door . They seemed like normal people ; it just makes no sense . " Amarillo was arraigned Wednesday night on two counts of first-degree murder , two counts of second-degree murder and one count of fourth-degree criminal possession of a weapon . If convicted , he could face life without parole . His attorney , Anthony Battisti , declined to comment on Thursday .	Carlos Alberto Amarillo , 44 , allegedly killed two women he said were "  witches " A 7-year-old girl , daughter of one of the victims , in the home was not harmed Amarillo was arraigned on murder charges and ordered to undergo a psychiatric evaluation
Copenhagen , Denmark  CNN  Mourners gathered Wednesday in Copenhagen for the funeral of Jewish community member Dan Uzan , killed in a weekend terror rampage that also targeted a free speech forum in the Danish capital . Uzan , 37 , was providing security for a bat mitzvah party taking place behind a Copenhagen synagogue when the gunman struck . Large numbers attended Uzan 's funeral , held at the Mosaiske Vestre Jewish cemetery in Copenhagen amid heightened security . Armed police patrolled the area , and a sniper could be seen on a nearby rooftop . Danish Prime Minister Helle Thorning-Schmidt was among those present for the somber ceremony . Danish authorities are continuing to investigate the events that led to the two shootings . The suspect in both attacks has been named as Omar Abdel Hamid El-Hussein , 22 . He was killed early Sunday in a shootout with police outside a Copenhagen apartment building . The two police officers who shot El-Hussein fired 30 shots toward the suspect , who was still firing in their direction as he dropped to the ground , the police attorney representing the officers told CNN on Wednesday . Attorney Torben Koch said that the officers were in a car carrying out surveillance on the suspect when he suddenly made a turn to enter a building . At this point , the police officers pulled over , got out of their cars and called out to him , Koch said . When El Hussein turned , he opened fire using two guns . The officers returned fire with automatic weapons and a handgun . Police have stated the suspect fired three shots using two pistols . El-Hussein was known to authorities as a gang member but was apparently not on their radar for Islamist extremism . The deadly series of events began with the attack on the free speech forum Saturday afternoon . A 55-year-old man was killed in that shooting , named by the Danish Film Institute as director Finn Noergaard . Three police officers were injured in the melee .	The funeral for Dan Uzan , killed in a shooting outside a synagogue , is held in Copenhagen Police attorney : Suspect opened fire on officers using two guns before he was shot dead
January 16 , 2014 This Thursday on CNN Student News , we give an overview of a U.S. Senate committee 's report regarding a 2012 terrorist attack on an American facility in Libya . We also examine what 's at stake in Egypt as its citizens vote on a new constitution . And we report on the effects of scorching summer temperatures in Australia . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : If you were a journalist writing a story about a technology company , whom would you want to interview , and why ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . referendum 2 . Federal Communications Commission  FCC 3 . net neutrality Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . What happened at the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi , Libya on September 11 , 2012 ? 2 . What is the focus of elections taking place in Egypt ? According to the report , what is on the line , and why ? 3 . What kind of extreme weather is impacting parts of Australia ? How is this weather leading to other dangers ? 4 . What company did Google just buy for $ 3 billion ? According to the video , what is the rationale behind this purchase ? Discussion Questions : 1 . Summarize the findings of a recent Senate report regarding a 2012 terrorist attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi , Libya . According to the U.S. State Department , what steps are being taken in response to this report ? Are there other actions you think should be taken ? Explain . 2 . What is a constitutional referendum ? Why do you think that any national vote on a new constitution might be a tense one ? 3 . Explain what net neutrality is and how Tuesday 's federal court ruling could potentially impact it . Do you think this could change your Internet experience ? Explain . How do you think that consumers might impact the future of net neutrality ? 4 . What challenges exist for any company whose business strategy includes gathering information about people 's connected lives ? How do you feel about this strategy ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- Thousands of people who fled fighting in the eastern Democratic Republic of Congo are crossing back into rebel-held territory because they say conditions at refugee camps are intolerable . A crowd of refugees gathers at the entrance to a USAID center near Goma in the Democratic Republic of Congo . With no food , water or sanitation in the camps , people have decided that it is worth the risk to return to their homes , even though rebels killed and raped many people just last week , residents told ITN 's Jonathan Miller , who is near the city of Goma . Many of their villages have been looted and emptied of people by the rebels , they said . Roads were filled with people returning to rebel-held territory , carrying their belongings on their heads or on their backs . However , others , fearful of fresh violence , continued to leave their homes , overwhelming aid centers . See photos of the refugee camps " Aid groups were expected to travel into the Congo 's rebel-held territory on Sunday to help tens of thousands of people displaced by the latest bout of rebel fighting . On Saturday , aid groups delivered food and water to a refugee camp north of Goma , traveling through a narrow "  humanitarian corridor " the rebels established following a cease-fire with government forces that the rebels announced Wednesday . British Prime Minister Gordon Brown said the international community can not allow Congo to become "  another Rwanda , " where 800,000 died during a 1994 genocide . Western diplomats shuttled between Goma -- the scene of some of the worst fighting -- and Kigali , in neighboring Rwanda , to meet with leaders in order to get a peace process back on track . Watch the diplomatic efforts " "  The immediate needs are obvious , " said British Foreign Secretary David Miliband and French Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner in a joint statement Sunday . "  We saw them yesterday . The cease-fire last Wednesday needs to be bolstered , " Miliband and Kouchner said . "  The humanitarian needs for food , shelter , water and health care must be met through universal provision and secure routes for delivery . " The cease-fire seemed to be holding Sunday , but both sides appeared to be massing troops near the cease-fire line . Government soldiers flew in from the capital Kinshasa and deployed in the jungle , and rebels were out in force on their side of the line . ITN reporter Miller heard intermittent firing from the hills that mark the line where the two sides face off only a few hundred yards apart . A small contingent of United Nations troops in the area donned flak jackets and helmets in response . Watch report on gunfire near cease-fire line " Miller said it was not clear if the two sides were firing at each other . The latest fighting broke out on October 24 when Congolese rebels led by renegade Tutsi General Laurent Nkunda launched renewed attacks in the eastern province of North Kivu . It came days after a tenuous week-old U.N.-brokered cease-fire between rebels and government forces fell apart . The fighting between Nkunda 's rebels and Congolese army regulars displaced thousands of civilians almost immediately , the United Nations said . Many of the displaced fled to Goma , the capital of North Kivu , which borders Rwanda and Uganda . Nkunda is the leader of the National Congress for the Defense of the People . His rebel forces declared a cease-fire late Wednesday after four days of fighting . The fighting is based on ethnic grievances . Nkunda says he is fighting to protect his Tutsi community from attacks by Rwandan Hutu rebels . During the 1994 genocide in Rwanda , the country 's Hutu majority killed 800,000 Tutsis and moderate Hutus , according to the United Nations . When Tutsis came to power in Rwanda , many Hutus crossed the border into Congo . They were afraid to return home , fearing they would be targeted for revenge by Tutsis , so they remained in the jungles of eastern Congo , where they preyed on local residents . In May 2005 , it was reported that Rwandan Hutu rebels in eastern Congo carried out hundreds of summary executions , rapes , beatings and kidnappings of Congolese civilians in the province of South Kivu , according to GlobalSecurity.org . Nkunda , a Tutsi , has repeatedly blamed the Congolese government for failing to protect the Tutsis from attacks by Rwandan Hutus . Copyright 2008 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	There is no food , water or sanitation in the refugee camps Aid groups expected to travel into rebel-held territory in DR Congo British PM warns world can not allow Congo to become "  another Rwanda " Four-day old cease-fire announced by the rebels seems to be holding
CNN  -- When I was a teenager in Toronto , I would spend time with my father watching tennis on television . This is how we bonded . We were n't a sporty family but tennis was a sport my dad loved to watch . He still does . It was through my dad 's enthusiasm that I started to recognize the players he would paint as personalities , not just athletes . And there was always one that stood out for my dad : Ivan Lendl . On the court , Ivan Lendl was a quiet but immense force , a counterpoint to John McEnroe and Jimmy Connors , the all-American tennis heroes . Growing up in communist Czechoslovakia he appeared to be the opposite of these talented but at times histrionic players . So different in demeanor and background that that it lead Sports Illustrated in 1987 to describe him as "  the champion that nobody cares about . " Lendl was happy for McEnroe and Connors to take the spotlight choosing instead to let his game do the talking . My father would point this out and say "  look at him always keeping his cool , that 's what makes him great . " For this man from Ostrava , a city near the Czech-Polish border , focusing on the game was all he knew . Both his parents were successful players ; his mother was ranked 2nd in the country , his father 15th . "  I just hung around the older kids and snuck onto the court and that 's how I got into it , " he told me . "  There was not much hope in Czechoslovakia growing up without doing great at sports so I think that was a motivation for a lot of the tennis players at the time . " When he was 21 he moved to the U.S. and just three years later he won his first Grand Slam title at the 1984 French Open where he defeated McEnroe in five sets . "  I do n't remember much of it , " he said during our interview . "  I was very tired . We both were . I just know that throughout the fifth set I felt I should take advantage of it because with John you could never underestimate him because of his strength . " And that was just the beginning . In his career , Lendl would go on to win 94 career singles titles including 8 Grand Slam tournaments , and would spend 270 weeks as No. 1 . Only Pete Sampras and Roger Federer have beaten that record . Today the 53-year-old is best known for being the coach of the current World No. 3 , Andy Murray . The main thing he imparts to the British player is preparation . Win or lose , if you 're prepared and you do your best no one can take that away from you . "  You just train and through training and repetition you hit the shot and execute it so many times that all of a sudden you can do it under pressure and that 's where the confidence comes from , " he said . I asked him if a champion or greatness is something that can be taught . He said it all just comes down to "  a lot of work , a lot of talent , a lot of luck . " Before winning the Olympic gold medal and U.S. Open title last year many had questioned Murray 's self-confidence . But Lendl believes that while mental strength is key , so are stamina and physical strength . "  These days if the top guys do n't play their best in the early rounds they can lose , " he said . Away from the tennis court and coaching , this father of five spends time with his other love : golf . Believe it or not when it comes to competing Lendl says he still feels nervous . "  It 's because I care . If you do n't get nervous , you do n't care about how you do , " he said . Two of his daughters also play golf -- choosing it over tennis partly because of the pressure of having to live up to the Lendl name . His advice to them is the same advice his gives Murray : "  When it 's going good take it and be humble and when it 's not going good , accept it as well and just keep training . Stay level-headed either way . Do n't get too high or too low . " Similar words my father often told me . Meeting Lendl became more than an interview . It was an opportunity to bring to life a man my father always loved watching and in doing so reliving a time I treasure today .	Ivan Lendl spent 270 weeks as the world 's top tennis player in the 1980s "  A lot of work , a lot of talent , a lot of luck " is what 's needed to be the best , he says Lendl is now coach of Andy Murray , current world number 3 Admits he still gets nervous when competing in tennis or golf , his other passion
CNN  -- Maria Sharapova has been forced to pull out of the WTA Rogers Cup tournament in Toronto next month , still plagued by a nagging left hip injury . Organizers of the prestigious hard court tournament announced Sunday that the four-time grand slam champion had withdrawn from the event that starts August 5 . World No. 2 Sharapova has not played since sensationally losing to Portuguese qualifier Michelle Larcher de Brito in the second round at Wimbledon on the opening Wednesday . "  I am extremely disappointed that I am unable to play in Toronto next week as it 's one of the best and most important tournaments of the year , " the Russian said . "  I was looking forward to making a healthy return to the courts in front of my Canadian fans but unfortunately I 'm just not recovered yet . " Sharapova , who recently took on former U.S. tennis legend Jimmy Connors as her coach , will be anxious to return as soon as possible with the U.S. Open looming . She will be left with only two hard court tournaments at Cincinnati and New Haven ahead of the final grand slam of the season on the same surface at Flushing Meadows . Meanwhile in ATP Tour action , Russia 's Mikhail Youzhny won on the clay of Gstaad as he beat Dutchman Robin Haase 6-3 6-4 in Sunday 's final . It was the ninth Tour title for the 31-year-old , who has waited over 18 months to return to the winners ' circle . "  I 'm trying everything to try and play more consistently at a high level , " he told the ATP Tour official website . The tournament was marked by the early exit of home hero Roger Federer , with fellow Swiss and second seed Stanislas Wawrinka also following him out before the weekend action . The Croatia Open title went to Spain 's Tommy Robredo , who beat Fabio Fognini of Italy 6-0 6-3 in the final . Victory for the fifth seed ended the Italian 's 13-match winning streak which has brought him titles in Stuttgart and Hamburg . Fognini made 31 unforced errors and said the efforts of recent weeks had caught up with him . "  I would like to apologize to the fans that I could not give more in the final , but I 'm simply too tired from other matches , " he admitted .	Maria Shapapova pulls out of WTA tournament in Toronto Hip injury leaves her short of match practice ahead of U.S. Open Mikhail Youzhny wins Gstaad tournament in Switzerland Tommy Robredo sees off Fabio Fognini in Croatian final
CNN  -- Out with seekers and brooms . In with stirrups and hooves . This is horseball , where rugby meets basketball on horseback -- but players have more fun comparing it to quidditch , the sport of Harry Potter 's wizarding world . "  I usually ask people if they 've seen the Harry Potter movies , " says British horseball player Jamie Gibson . "  Quidditch is the nearest comparison I can think of . That usually gets people going . " While Potter and teammates pick up gruesome injuries with disturbing ease playing quidditch , full-contact horseball does at least feature helmets . "  It looks a little bit violent , but it is n't , " says Frederico Cannas , the sport 's president , who began playing as a teenager in his native Portugal . "  The horses are very well-prepared and there are rules to protect both the horse and the rider . It 's intensive , but it 's safe . " As UK horseball pioneer Jim Copeland puts it : "  People have a go at you , that you ` should n't be doing that with an animal , ' but we only have one horse -- so we want to end up with it at the end of the game , in the condition it started in . " Horseball games last 20 minutes , in which teams of six -- four horses per side at any one time -- try to shoot a junior football with leather handles into an oversized basketball net . At the highest level , you can expect up to 20 goals per game . Players can tackle each other , so horses and riders do come into contact , and one of the game 's signature moves involves riders swooping low to pluck the ball off the ground , without dismounting . That requires the game 's only specialist riding equipment , a "  pickup strap " which ties the stirrups together , allowing competitors to lean far below their horse , collecting the ball without falling off . "  That 's our little secret , " laughs Cannas . "  For spectators , it looks fantastic when players do that , but for people picking up the ball , it 's not that difficult . " The sport 's passing , movement and some strategies share similarities with rugby and basketball , but horseball first appeared in 1970s France as a descendant of pato , Argentina 's national game . Pato is centuries old and looks more like polo -- early players once used a duck in a basket as the "  ball " -- whereas horseballers say their sport offers a more modern , spectator-friendly experience . "  I believe this is one of the most exciting equestrian sports , " says Cannas . "  It 's a team sport , when equestrian sports tend to be individual sports , and the gear is not expensive . "  To start horseball , you do n't have to have a lot of riding skills . You just have to be comfortable on a horse . " Copeland , who founded the North London club in the 1990s , adds : "  It 's the team aspect . In the other equestrian sports , like dressage and jumping , the team event just means you 're relying on each other for points . "  In horseball , you rely on each other the same way you would in a football match . "  Horseball encourages men and boys to stay riding longer . The participation is about 50-50 , men and women . " Gibson , who works at a nuclear power station when not playing , is testament to that . He says horseball kept him riding as a teenager . "  I was about 14 , and I was leaning more towards football and rugby , " he recalls . "  But my uncle had a space on his horseball team and I did n't really look back . It kept me involved in horses . "  On the team this year there 's me , two of my sisters , another lad that 's played for about 15 years , and two girls who used to play for Nottingham -- one is a doctor and the other is an accountant . " The French , inventors of the game , still dominate the sport . Gibson believes France 's senior men 's team has never been beaten at international level .  He also complains that his British team , like England 's footballers , are "  not as good as we should be . " Cannas says more than 80 % of the world 's players hail from France , while Copeland was inspired to start horseball in the UK when he saw a French demonstration at the 1991 Horse of the Year Show . But Cannas believes his sport can expand quickly in years to come , beginning with a chance to showcase horseball as a demonstration sport at this August 's World Equestrian Games in Normandy . "  We now have 18 countries playing horseball , " says Cannas . "  We have already had two World Cups , there is a Champions League , and there are some national championships . "  I believe , in five to 10 years , this will be one of the biggest equestrian sports . People love it . Last month I was at an equine fair in Ohio and they were crazy for horseball , it was basketball on horseback . "  We even have horseball in Australia at the moment , " he adds , "  but they are on the other side of the world , and sometimes they try to do their own thing . " That makes Copeland chuckle . "  The Australians can be quite ... physical . When they go to international competitions , they find they have n't really read the rules properly . " Horseball 's next move is expansion into the United States . The players , however , have bigger dreams . "  They say that if Paris had got the 2012 Olympics , instead of London , horseball would have been looked at as an Olympic event , " says Gibson . "  I was one of the few who was slightly disappointed when London got the Olympics . " Copeland adds : "  Personally , I think this would make an excellent Olympic sport . "  Whereas the horse world is always very good at attracting its own , horseball attracts people who are n't even interested in horses . "	Horseball mixes rugby and basketball on horseback in teams of six France dominates the sport , which has its origins in Argentina 's national game , pato Players say horseball is one of the only "  true " team events in equestrian sport Horseball is coming to the U.S. and the sport has future Olympic ambitions
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Catherine Zeta-Jones is limbering up for her Broadway debut . Catherine Zeta-Jones will make her Broadway debut in Stephen Sondheim 's "  A Little Night Music . " The Oscar-winning star of "  Chicago " will appear alongside Angela Lansbury in a revival of the Stephen Sondheim musical "  A Little Night Music , " according to an announcement from the show 's producers . The production is set to open December 13 at the Walter Kerr Theater in New York 's theater district . Previews begin November 24 . Zeta-Jones will play the lead role of Desiree Armfeldt in the production directed by Trevor Nunn , with Lansbury cast as her mother , Madame Armfeldt . "  I 'm honored that Trevor Nunn and Stephen Sondheim asked me to make my Broadway debut in this beautiful production , " Zeta-Jones said in a statement . "  I look forward to starting rehearsal with this extraordinary group of people and working with the incomparable Angela Lansbury , whose work I 've long admired . " Lansbury returned the compliment , describing Zeta-Jones in a statement as a "  lovely young actress . " The 83-year-old Lansbury first appeared on Broadway more than 40 years ago and has claimed five Tonys during her stage career . Her most recent Tony came this year for her work in the revival of the Noel Coward play "  Blithe Spirit . " "  A Little Night Music , " with music and lyrics by Sondheim and book by Hugh Wheeler , debuted on Broadway in 1973 . It 's based on the 1955 Ingmar Bergman film "  Smiles of a Summer Night . " The 1973 production ran for 601 performances and won six Tonys , including best musical . The score features "  Send in the Clowns , " one of Sondheim 's best-known songs , as well as "  A Weekend in the Country , " "  Liaisons " and "  Every Day a Little Death . " The producers have not announced ticket prices for the revival . Tickets go on sale October 17 for the general public .	Catherine Zeta-Jones , Angela Lansbury co-starring in revival of "  A Little Night Music " Broadway show will be Zeta-Jones ' first on the Main Stem ; Lansbury a veteran Stephen Sondheim show is famous as source of "  Send in the Clowns "
CNN  -- A Pennsylvania woman told police she was attacked at an ATM in Pittsburgh by a robber who became angry when he saw a John McCain bumper sticker on her car , a spokeswoman for the Pittsburgh Police Department said Thursday . Police can not confirm whether a man attacked this woman because she had a McCain sticker on her car . Public Information Officer Diane Richard said police can not substantiate her story , however , and the investigation is ongoing . Richard said the 20-year-old told investigators a man approached her Wednesday night at an ATM in the city 's East End , put a blade to her neck and demanded money . She said she gave him $ 60 and stepped away from him , Richard said . But the woman said the man "  became very angry " when he noticed her car had a bumper sticker supporting the GOP presidential nominee , according to Richard . The woman said he punched her in the back of the head , knocked her to the ground and "  continued to punch and kick her while threatening her , " the spokeswoman said . Before he left , the woman said , he carved the letter "  B " into her face with a knife , according to Richard . There was no indication what the "  B " indicated . The alleged assailant fled on foot , Richard said . "  We , the police , can not substantiate this yet , " she said . "  This is what she told police . " The woman , who is not from Pittsburgh , refused medical attention , Richard said , although she told the investigating officer she would see a doctor Thursday . There was no update on her condition , she said . Richard said the woman described her alleged attacker as a dark-skinned African-American , 6 feet 4 inches tall with a medium build and short dark hair , wearing dark clothing and shiny shoes . McCain spokeswoman Jill Hazelbaker told CNN that McCain and running mate Sarah Palin "  spoke to the victim and her family after learning about the incident earlier this afternoon . " Hazelbaker said the campaign would not offer more detail out of respect for the woman 's privacy . The campaign of Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Barack Obama responded to the report with a statement saying , "  Our thoughts and prayers are with the young woman for her to make a speedy recovery , and we hope that the person who perpetrated this crime is swiftly apprehended and brought to justice . "	Woman says man robbed her , returned to beat her after noticing sticker on her car Police say they can not substantiate her claim The 20-year-old says man kicked , punched her , carved B into her cheek with knife McCain spokeswoman says McCain , Sarah Palin , have spoken with the victim
Cranston , Rhode Island  CNN  -- At a young age , Nicholas Lowinger learned not to take things for granted . He was 5 years old and visiting a homeless shelter with his mother , who works in various shelters across Rhode Island . He was excited for the opportunity to show off his new light-up sneakers to the rest of the kids . But his mom cautioned him against doing so , explaining that these children might not have such luxuries . Sure enough , when Nicholas met kids at the shelter , he quickly realized that they were living in circumstances that were very different from his own . "  I saw other kids my age who looked just like me . The only difference was , they were wearing old , tattered shoes that were falling apart . Some did n't have a pair of shoes to call their own , " said Nicholas , now 15 . "  I 've been very fortunate to grow up in a family that is able to provide me with whatever I need . A lot of kids here in the U.S. do n't have the same opportunities . " There were 1.6 million homeless children across the United States in 2010 , according to a report from the National Center on Family Homelessness  PDF  . With no permanent place to live , many stay on the streets or in shelters , motels , cars and abandoned buildings . "  Homeless children , they should n't have to worry about how they 'll be accepted or how they 'll fit in , " Nicholas said . "  They should n't have to worry about not being able to play sports or go to school because they do n't have a pair of shoes . " That first shelter visit left a strong impression on Nicholas , who started donating all the shoes he 'd outgrown to local shelters . But he quickly realized that his donations , while well-intentioned , were n't that helpful . "  It bothered me that I only had used shoes to give to them instead of new shoes that fit right , " he said . "  No two people 's feet are identical , and if you are wearing someone else 's worn shoes , your feet are n't going to be very comfortable . " So in 2010 , at the age of 12 , Nicholas started a program that donates new shoes to homeless children . At first , his efforts were part of a community service project leading up to his bar mitzvah , a Jewish coming-of-age ceremony . But he wanted to ensure that the work would continue after the ceremony . "  I did n't want to make one donation and stop there , " he said . "  I wanted it to be something I could do for the rest of my life . " With the help of his parents , he then started the Got ta Have Sole Foundation . Since 2010 , the organization has donated new footwear to more than 10,000 homeless children in 21 states . "  By giving new footwear to homeless children , I 'm making sure them and their families have at least one less thing to worry about , " Nicholas said . "  I 'm also allowing parents to save money for an apartment or food for their next meal . " Two years ago , Frencis Velasquez found herself homeless with three young children . "  It 's been difficult . Going from shelter to shelter , meeting all these different people . My kids did n't have anything that was stable , " said Velasquez , 23 . Keeping up with the demanding needs of her growing children presented additional challenges . "  I had to decide either to spend money on shoes or medicine and diapers , " Velasquez said . "  I already felt horrible . Not being able to provide them shoes made me feel even worse . " Fortunately , the Rhode Island shelter where she was living worked with the Got ta Have Sole Foundation . Her children have now received multiple pairs of shoes through the organization . "  Having new shoes makes them feel great , " Velasquez said . "  I remember when one of my sons got his first pair , he was so excited that he just started kissing the shoes . It makes me feel awesome just knowing that they 're happy . " Since starting this work , Nicholas has heard many emotional stories . He remembers one 16-year-old boy who had fled an abusive living situation with his mother . They had to make a quick escape , so the boy put on the first shoes he could get his hands on : a pair of his mother 's old winter boots . With no other shoes , the boy had to wear the boots day in and day out . Not only were they the wrong size , but his classmates made fun of him for wearing women 's shoes . The boots became a constant source of embarrassment and discomfort until he received new footwear from Nicholas ' nonprofit . "  New shoes can make a child feel good about him or herself . ... They gain confidence ; they 're able to do better in school , " Nicholas said . Nicholas also remembers a brother and sister who had to share one pair of sparkly pink sneakers . Each day , the siblings switched off wearing the sneakers . When one went to school , the other had to miss a day . The children fell behind in their studies until they each received a new pair of shoes from Nicholas ' group . "  Something that seems so simple , a pair of shoes , made the difference between getting an education or not , " Nicholas said . "  It 's more than just giving them a new pair of shoes . ... That 's really what makes it so special for me . " The Lowinger family 's garage is full of new shoes that have been donated by footwear companies and stores . If they do n't already have the specific size and style that a child has requested , Nicholas uses the group 's monetary donations to buy them . The shoes are then shipped to the shelters or , whenever possible , personally delivered by Nicholas . More than 1,000 volunteers have helped out with the group . Nicholas works 15 hours a week on the project -- a time limit imposed by his mother to ensure that he has enough time for schoolwork and other activities . Nicholas said he does n't allow his age get in the way of achieving his dreams , and he encourages other young people to do the same . "  No one is ever too young or old to help others . Kids do n't always realize that they have the power to make a difference , " he said . "  I urge other kids to find a passion , create big ideas and act . Kids can make a huge difference in this world . " Want to get involved ? Check out the Got ta Have Sole website and see how to help .	Nicholas Lowinger , 15 , started a group that gives new shoes to homeless children The Got ta Have Sole Foundation has given shoes to more than 10,000 children Report : There were 1.6 million homeless children across the United States in 2010
CNN  -- A Chinese official accused "  Tibetan independence forces " Tuesday of planning suicide attacks , an allegation that the Tibetan government-in-exile immediately denied . "  To our knowledge the next plan of the Tibet Independence forces is to organize suicide squads to launch violent attacks , " Wu Heping , spokesman for China 's Ministry of Public Security , said at a news conference , according to a translation of his remarks by The Associated Press . "  They claim they fear neither bloodshed nor sacrifice , " he said . He did not provide details or evidence , and Samdhong Rinpoche , prime minister of Tibet 's exiled government , dismissed the accusation . "  We never heard  of  Tibetan independence force , such a group or people . Now , our suspicion is that the PRC  People 's Republic of China  might be staging such a violent act in the name of Tibetan people to mislead the world community , " he said in Dharamsala , India . Dharamsala is the center of the Tibetan community in India , where many Tibetans fled after a failed uprising against Chinese rule in 1959 and where the government-in-exile led by the Dalai Lama is based . "  It is our ... suspicion , otherwise there is no ground to claim that some Tibetan people or group is planning to  use  suicide bombers or something like that , " the Tibetan prime minister said . There was no immediate response from the Chinese government to Rinpoche 's suspicion . In the U.S. State Department briefing on Tuesday , department spokesman Tom Casey said the United States did not share China 's concern that supporters of the Dalai Lama were plotting suicide attacks . The Dalai Lama is a "  man of peace , there is absolutely no indication that he wants to do anything other than have a dialogue with China to discuss how to deal with some of the serious issues there , " Casey said . Beijing blames the Dalai Lama and his followers for violence that erupted amid protests for Tibetan independence last month . China has drawn international criticism for its crackdown on the demonstrations , which began peacefully on the 49th anniversary of a failed Tibetan uprising . The protests have threatened to throw a shadow on the Summer Olympic Games , being staged in Beijing in August . Tibet 's government-in-exile puts the death toll from the protests at about 140 , but the Chinese government restrictions make it difficult to confirm that number . Chinese authorities have reported a death toll of 19 , and say most of those killed were "  innocent victims " -- Han Chinese targeted by Tibetans . Protests have spread across the globe with regular demonstrations in Nepal . A ceremonial lighting of the Olympic flame in Greece was also targeted by pro-Tibet activists . Watch protests in Nepal " Also on Tuesday , China 's official Xinhua news agency reported that the country 's foreign ministry urged the Dalai Lama to "  stop all separatist and sabotage activities if he really wants to contact and consult with the central government . " Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Jiang Yu spoke in response to a March 28 statement from Dalai Lama . In that statement , the spiritual leader of Tibetan Buddhists said he does not seek the separation of Tibet and has no desire to "  sabotage " the Olympic Games . "  Chinese brothers and sisters , I assure you I have no desire to seek Tibet 's separation . Nor do I have any wish to drive a wedge between the Tibetan and Chinese peoples , " he wrote . Instead , he said , the protesters seek "  meaningful self-rule " while remaining a part of China . "  Despite my repeated support for the Beijing Olympics , the Chinese authorities , with the intention of creating a rift between the Chinese people and myself , the Chinese authorities assert that I am trying to sabotage the games . " He called on China to called "  to exercise wisdom and to initiate a meaningful dialogue with the Tibetan people . " China offered some media organizations -- not including CNN -- a carefully managed tour of Tibet 's capital , but ran into a public-relations roadblock when a group of Buddhist monks began screaming protests at a holy shrine . E-mail to a friend	Suicide attacks are being planned by Tibetan militants , Chinese official says Tibet 's prime minister-in-exile denies allegation Tibet is center of a struggle for power between China and exiled Tibet leaders Pro-Tibet demonstrations threaten to overshadow Beijing 's Summer Olympics
CNN  -- Hours after the inauguration of President Goodluck Jonathan , a bomb blast rocked the northern Nigerian city of Bauchi , a government spokesman said . Yushau Shuaib , a spokesman for Nigeria 's National Emergency Management Agency , confirmed that there are several casualties , though he did not give a specific number . "  Most victims were moved to hospitals and dead bodies were evacuated , " he said . The emergency management agency has been mobilized "  to contain the situation , " Shuaib added . Another explosion rattled a beer hall in Zuba , on the outskirts of the Nigerian capital of Abuja . Shuaib said there were no serious injuries in that blast , with three victims taking themselves to a nearby hospital . In recent weeks , the African nation has been rocked by a series of bombings thought to be engineered by Boko Haram , an Islamic group that has challenged Nigeria 's government . Explosions in Nigeria 's northeastern state of Borno killed a few and wounded dozens in late April in the days leading up to national governorship elections in attacks that police described as attempts to intimidate voters who had picked Jonathan . Northern Muslims in some areas charged that the presidential election was rigged . Armed protesters in the region took to the streets chanting the name of former military ruler Muhammadu Buhari , the main opposition front-runner . This is Jonathan 's first full term . As vice president , he took over the presidency in May 2010 upon the death of then-President Umaru Yar ` Adua , who had suffered from a heart condition .	NEW : 3 hurt in a blast at a beer hall near Abuja , a government official says A more serious explosion occurs in Bauchi , when a bomb detonates There are casualties , though no definitive number has been released The blasts came hours after Goodluck Jonathan 's inauguration as president
CNN  -- What really makes a business tick and retain a healthy balance sheet ? It 's all about keeping it in the family , according to a large chunk of small-to-medium size businesses which dominate the marketplace in Germany . While the name Germany conjures up large-scale brands such as Volkswagen , BMW and Siemens , it 's the smaller , family-owned businesses which are the backbone of Germany 's economy . One prime example is prosthetics specialist Ottobock -- the market leader for artificial limbs . A company you 've probably never heard of , it makes 60 % of prosthetic limbs globally and has annual revenues over a billion dollars . It attributes its 95-year success to its family-run persona . Family ties Behind the scenes Ottobock looks like any other medium-size German company , or "  mittelstand " . A family-managed company since its founding in 1919 , Ottobock 's headquarters are in Duderstadt , but the firm has subsidiaries in fifty countries worldwide and employs over 8,000 people . Ottobock has provided athletes such as German Paralympic sprint gold medalist Heinrich Popow with an artificial limb . The "  Genium " prosthetic leg works with a microchip that has allowed Popov to move in ways that were not possible a few years ago . "  It can tell you all the forces that are happening in the knee . It can tell you the amount of weight that it is putting on and this is what makes it an intelligent knee , " says Drikus Reinicke , an orthopedic technician for Ottobock . Gold medalist Popov says the technology has vastly improved his quality of life : "  When you walk through the city , you can walk with your head up , " he says . The CEO of Ottobock , Hans Georg Näder , says one of the keys to the company 's success has been continued family ownership . "  It took almost a hundred years and it took a lot of innovation , " he says . Founded in 1919 by Nader 's grandfather , innovation and technology were always the key drivers of the company , adds Näder . Global outlook Some 60 % of Germany 's total workforce are employed in small-to-medium size businesses . Innovation , quality and a global outlook are three key reasons such German companies have flourished . Germany has been "  very successful in global competition , " said Dr. Olaf Plötner , professor and Dean of the European School of Management and Technology . From an export perspective , "  70 % is done by mid-size companies , " he said . "  This is also why some would call them hidden champions . " More well-known brands in this medium-size category include appliance maker Miele and cleaning equipment maker Karcher . But for less recognized names such as Ottobock , growing globally is what is taking German companies to the next level . Taking Ottobock "  into the future " is the goal , says Näder . A big challenge , "  but without challenges , no fun , " he adds .	Germany has a record of successful family-run businesses going global Ottobock , now in its 95th year , operates in 50 countries Innovation and quality are key drivers in small-to-medium size business success
Columbus , Ohio  CNN  -- President Barack Obama pledged Wednesday that the Social Security system wo n't be privatized while he is in the White House . In a town-hall style meeting with a few dozen residents of Columbus , Ohio , Obama said "  modest " changes can keep the government pension system solvent for decades . Republicans have called for transforming the government program to a private savings account as a way to help keep it going as America 's aging population stresses its financial health . "  It will not be privatized as long as I 'm president , " Obama said to applause , noting that the economic recession and Wall Street collapse would have devastated the savings of retirees under a privatized Social Security system . He said Social Security needed adjustments , rather than a total overhaul . "  There are some fairly modest changes that can be made without any newfangled schemes that can keep it running for 75 years so everybody gets what they deserve , " Obama said . While citing steps his administration has taken to spur recovery from the recession , Obama also warned that more work needed to be done . He said the housing market remains a "  big drag " on the economy and will take more time to recover . Overbuilding in the boom years that preceded the economic recession has resulted in too many houses available for the level of demand , the president said . "  It is going to take time to absorb this inventory that is just too high , " Obama said . "  There 's no quick way to do it . " Before the meeting , Obama huddled around the kitchen table with the Columbus family of Rhonda and Joe Weithman to talk about how his administration 's economic stimulus spending has helped it . The Recovery Act funded local infrastructure projects like a new police station that provided work for the small architectural firm co-owned by Joe Weithman , helping it stay in business , Obama said . In addition , the administration subsidized COBRA health insurance benefits , which allowed Rhonda Weithman to maintain the family 's insurance coverage after she lost her job , he said . The trip was Obama 's ninth to Ohio since taking office . Ohio will likely be a key state in upcoming elections . Later Wednesday , Obama was to attend a fundraiser for Ohio Gov. Ted Strickland , before heading to Miami Beach , Florida , for events with Senate candidate Kendrick Meek and gubernatorial candidate Alex Sink . On Tuesday , Obama held a round-table discussion with three Seattle , Washington , business owners -- an innkeeper , a baker and a pizza maker . The president cited how each has been helped by his administration 's policies intended to spur recovery from the recession . He also renewed his call for the U.S. Senate to pass a jobs bill aimed at helping small businesses . Senate Republicans have filibustered the measure , which would provide tax breaks for small businesses and expand available capital to them through local banks . Obama insisted the Senate would take up the bill again immediately after returning from its August recess . The measure would provide immediate help to small-business owners , who are the backbone of the U.S. economy , Obama said . "  They are who this bill is for , " he said of the Seattle-area small-business owners who flanked him . "  They will see the benefits right away . " The Small Business Jobs and Credit Act , stalled in the Senate , would authorize the creation of a $ 30 billion lending fund . The Treasury Department would run the program , which would deliver ultra-cheap capital to community banks , defined as those with less than $ 10 billion in total assets . Other key components of the bill would provide $ 12 billion worth of tax relief for small businesses between 2010 and 2020 , according to a preliminary estimate from the Joint Committee on Taxation . The bill also would increase Small Business Administration loan limits and extend loan sweeteners through the end of the year . It would offer a slew of tax cuts for small businesses to encourage both investment and entrepreneurship . And the legislation would provide $ 1.5 billion in grants to state lending programs that ca n't turn to empty state coffers for more cash .	NEW : Obama says modest changes can save Social Security NEW : Housing market needs more time to recover , Obama says The president meets with Columbus , Ohio , residents The president is taking his economics plan across the country
CNN  -- It 's been 25 years since I last heard my mother 's voice . Jean was home in New Orleans , fretting about the ingredients for her jambalaya , preparing a big tossed green salad . I 'll never forget her . The look she would give me simply to shut up , or how she raised her hand , signaling it was time to stop playing around . The sound of her small feet walking toward the back of the house , then her waking us up in the order of our birth : Cheryl , Sheila , Donna , Teddy , Chet , Lisa , Demetria , Kevin and Zeola . When she called , we had to start moving . Right then or else . My mom passed away when I was in my 20s , but she 's still with me today . How could I forget her , when every day I 'm reminded of her loving spirit , her decency , her humor , her optimism , her generous spirit -- and those rules ? My mom was born and died at Charity Hospital in New Orleans . Appropriate -- because she was a living embodiment of charity . Despite having nine children , my mother always had some spare food or clothing or -- whatever -- for any child in the neighborhood in need . She taught us how to share , how not to waste anything , how to think about others who had even less than we did . That 's why I have to think constantly of ways to give back . She was a friend and confidante to everyone , and a keeper of secrets . She was an optimist . I do n't think she knew how to complain . Jean wanted everybody to be happy .  My oldest sister , Cheryl , started calling her "  Jean , " and it stuck .  One weekend , I came home from college and told my mom about a roommate who had a difficult time going back home to rural Louisiana . Jean said to invite her to our house . I asked where would she sleep , and my mom answered with her big smile , "  There 's enough room for everyone if they just scoot over and make space for others . " Jean made room for others . She had to . She came from a family of seven , and my dad , Lionel , was from a family of 12 . Everyone was welcome , anytime -- but they had to bring their own beer .  The Kenner Grocery Store , behind the train tracks on the corner , was open late . Food was plentiful . Jean cooked like she lived -- with largesse . Red beans and rice with smoke sausage and French bread . A large green tossed salad with dressing , stirred with pickles . For dessert , bread pudding made with leftover bread , cane sugar , butter , cinnamon and raisins . After our meals and once we removed the throw rugs and put the furniture against the wall , we had a dance floor . My brother Teddy Man and I did the James Brown moves ; our cousin Gale did the funky chicken better than anyone on the block . The older kids showed off their fancy footwork , doing the Popeyes or Four Corners . Soon the adults took over . That 's when I learned how to really dance . Jean told us , "  Straighten up your backs , never bend over . Raise up your arms like a bird in the sky and sway those hips from side to side . " After a while , I realized my Mom was also getting us to work off some of the good food . My mom led by example : Step up , speak up , be dignified , be respectful -- and be tolerant of others . Her rules have sustained me , guided me and inspired me . I share them with my nieces and nephews -- many of them never met their Maw-Maw , as Janika , her oldest grandchild , referred to her . Here are 10 of Jean 's rules : 1 . Do n't you ever talk back to grown folks . 2 . If you make a mess , clean it up . 3 . Do n't expect others to do for you what you 're not willing to do for yourself . 4 . Get up and go to work . If you want it bad enough , earn it . 5 . Watch what you say . 6 . If you have something to give , then go ahead and share it . 7 . Never go to a party before eating at home . You 'll regret it later . 8 . If you lie , you steal . If you steal , you kill . So always tell the truth . And if you 're wrong , ask for forgiveness . 9 . Have faith in God . Prayers work . 10 . Nobody has all the answers , so if you get lost , ask for help . I last talked with Jean the day before her death . She was n't feeling well . She was tired . My sister Sheila told her to take the day off from work . A day later , Jean went to the emergency room and never came home again . My mom was -- is -- unique . Is n't yours ? To honor Jean 's spirit on Mother 's Day , I will cook a delicious Cajun or Creole meal . I hope you 're doing something special to honor your mom . So , in appreciation to all the mothers out there , the soon-to-be moms , the PANKs  Professional Aunt No Kids  and those who embrace motherhood at some level , thank you . Thank you , Jean ! Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Donna Brazile remembers her mother , the smell of jambalaya and the rules she lived by She offers up those 10 rules she learned from her mom , Jean "  Jean cooked like she lived -- with largesse , " she says of her mother
Hong Kong  CNN  -- There 's little doubt which country Australia is targeting under its immigration scheme for the super-wealthy ; the investment visa is called sub-class 188 and its permanent visa is called sub-class 888 . In China , the number eight is culturally associated with wealth , prosperity and good fortune and rich Chinese nationals have been queuing up for the opportunity to live in Australia under the millionaire visa program . Since the scheme was launched in November 2012 , 91 % of the 545 applicants for the visas have been Chinese nationals , according to figures from the Australian Department of Immigration and Border Protection . So far , Australia has granted 65 ` significant investor ' visas to mainland Chinese . The requirements for getting one of the highly prized visas are simple : all you need is a clean criminal record and $ A5 million  $ US4 .37 million  to invest . There is no language requirement , upper age limit and applicants do not even have to set up a business in Australia . Those able to park their A$ 5 million investment in Australia -- complying investments include government bonds , managed funds and Australian proprietary companies - for more than four years can apply for a permanent visa . Under the scheme , visa holders can keep their operations running in China if they wish . It 's hoped that the move will attract a greater range of immigrants to Australia . Deloitte partner and global immigration leader Mark Wright told the Australian Broadcasting Corporation the days of Chinese investors coming to Australia simply to start a corner store or a small business were over . "  Australia is now looking to attract a larger scale of investment to feed a greater level of infrastructure development , " Wright said . According to a report by professional services company KPMG , the patterns of Chinese investment are beginning to change , with more private Chinese investors expanding their interests in the country . The report said that while Chinese state-owned enterprises  SOEs  accounted for 64 % by value of the amount invested in Australian agriculture between 2006-2012 , Chinese private investment accounted for 70 % of the deal volume . "  Chinese companies are playing a more active role compared to other sectors such as mining and gas , where SOEs have dominated , " the report said . According to immigration specialists in Hong Kong , Sydney and Melbourne -- where property prices have risen 10 % and 6 % respectively over the past 12 months -- are the preferred destinations for mainland Chinese immigrants . The chief executive officer of McGrath Estate Agents , John McGrath , said that Chinese buyers had boosted prices in certain sectors of the Australian property market . "  In some suburbs 90 per cent of new product will sell to Chinese buyers , " he told the ABC . "  I think it is quite centralised in certain pockets , so I do n't think it is doing great damage or harming local buyers ' opportunities to buy here still . " According to the Australian Bureau of Statistics , the proportion of Australian immigrants born in Asia increased from 24 % in 2001 to 33 % in 2011 . Around 6 % of immigrants born overseas came from China -- the third largest group in Australia . While this group , along with Indians , represented one of the fastest growing groups , it was still a long way behind immigration from the United Kingdom , at 20 % , and New Zealand at 9.1 % . Immigration has been a politically charged and emotive subject in Australia , where the conservative Liberal Party won election last year partly on a platform of promising tougher policing of the country 's immigration laws . Australia turns away thousands of refugees and asylum seekers but at the same time is suffering a skills and manpower shortage for manual jobs .	Chinese are the biggest group to apply for Australia 's ` millionaire visa ' High wealth individuals must invest $ A5 million in Australia to get a visa Those investing for more than four years are eligible for permanent residency Chinese are the third largest immigrant group in Australia after the UK and NZ
New York  CNN  -- Emmy-winning "  Golden Girls " actress Rue McClanahan died of a stroke in a New York hospital early Thursday , her manager said . She was 76 . McClanahan , who suffered a cerebral hemorrhage last Monday , was surrounded by family when she died at New York-Presbyterian Hospital , according to manager Barbara Lawrence . The actress ' career began on the New York stage in the 1950s , but her long television career was first boosted when producer Norman Lear cast McClanahan in his hit CBS series "  All in the Family " in 1971 . She appeared in Lear 's "  Maude " a year later . Her most memorable TV role was as Southern belle Blanche Devereaux on "  The Golden Girls , " which ran from 1985 through 1992 . McClanahan won an Emmy for best lead actress in a comedy in 1987 . Betty White is the last surviving member of the four "  Golden Girls " stars . "  Rue was a close and dear friend , " White said Thursday . "  I treasured our relationship . It hurts more than I even thought it would , if that 's possible . " Estelle Getty passed away in 2008 , and Bea Arthur died last year . McClanahan requested that no funeral be held for her , but memorial services will be announced for later this summer in New York and Los Angeles , California , Lawrence said . Fans can pay their respects online , a family statement said . "  Please join us in celebrating Rue 's amazing life " by visiting a memorial page established for her on Facebook , the family said . McClanahan 's last comedic TV role was in an episode of Tyler Perry 's "  Meet the Browns , " taped in 2009 . She carried the Devereaux character to three other TV series , including "  The Golden Palace , " "  Empty Nest " and "  Nurses . " She was married six times and had one child . Her son , Mark Bish , was born in 1958 during a brief first marriage . Her present marriage to Morrow Wilson , starting in 1997 , was her longest . Her book "  My First Five Husbands ... And the Ones Who Got Away " was published in 2007 . McClanahan was born in Healdton , Oklahoma , on February 21 , 1934 , to parents with Scottish and native American heritage . CNN 's Jack Hannah contributed to this report .	"  Rue was a close and dear friend , " co-star Betty White says Rue McClanahan 's family at hospital with star when she died McClanahan won an Emmy in 1987 White is last surviving "  Golden Girls " star
CNN  -- A college student who survived a boat sinking with four others said Monday that a safety officer who died on their boat was a hero for staying behind and pushing him out . Texas A&M student Steven Guy , left , and instructor Steve Conway talk about their boat capsizing . Steven Guy , a Texas A&M University sailor , said Roger Stone saved him and another sailor by helping them to safety . "  He is my hero , " Guy said . "  He saved me . If it was n't for him , I would not be here . " The group never saw Stone after he pushed the two men out of a hatch in the boat , the mariners said . Stone , the boat 's second safety officer , was found dead by the Coast Guard on Sunday afternoon . The two men said they spent a day in open water after their vessel sank in the Gulf of Mexico . The survivors -- four university students and a safety officer -- told the Coast Guard they were forced off their sailboat after it took on water and capsized early Saturday . The five survivors were found and airlifted to land around 2 a.m. Sunday , the Coast Guard said . The group had to get out of the rapidly sinking sailboat so quickly , they could get only four safety vests for five people , safety officer Steve Conway said Monday . They had to huddle in the water to keep each other afloat , he said . Watch the rescue and see Conway describe the ordeal " "  With five people and four life jackets , we had to watch the person without the life jacket closely , " he said . "  These young men did a tremendous job . They pulled themselves through . They had a fierce will to live . " R. Bowen Loftin , CEO and vice president of Texas A&M at Galveston , expressed condolences to the Stone family in a letter posted along with status updates on the school 's Web site . "  We hope they can take some comfort in knowing all five survivors of this tragic accident credit Mr. Stone with heroic efforts that were instrumental in making possible their survival , " Loftin said on the site . "  We now know that Roger Stone died a hero in the classic sense of the word . " Conway said that as the group huddled in the water , they saw rescue jets go by three times before they were spotted . "  It is really discouraging when a plane comes out and flies over and leaves , " he said . Coast Guard Lt. Justo Rivera , who was flying the aircraft that rescued the men , told CNN affiliate KHOU that a flashlight helped save them . While conducting search patterns , Coast Guard members spotted the light through their night vision goggles , Rivera said . It was being held by one of the men . He said that because the Coast Guard was searching such a vast area , the flashlight was "  instrumental " in the rescue . "  It 's your proverbial needle in a haystack , " Rivera told KHOU . During the 26-hour wait , the group was nibbled by curious reed fish and circled by a fish with triangular fin that extended from the water like a shark 's fin . "  They bumped up against us and kind of nibbled on our clothes , " Conway said . "  You do n't know how big the thing is and how hungry it is . I was always aware of the risk of sharks . " The group 's sailboat , named the Cynthia Woods , was one of about two dozen boats heading from Galveston , Texas , to Veracruz , Mexico , for the annual Veracruz Regatta race , which began Friday .	Sailors say Roger Stone stayed behind to get others to safety The five survivors were found and airlifted to land around 2 a.m. Sunday Safety officer Steve Conway : Sailors all "  had a fierce will to live "
Washington  CNN  -- The Supreme Court ruled for agribusiness giant Monsanto on Monday in a patent case that could have an enormous impact on a variety of biotech fields . The justices unanimously found the world 's largest seed producer has intellectual property control over its best-selling "  Roundup Ready " soybeans . That means the product can not be reproduced without paying the company a fee . Products like genetically engineered seeds and live vaccines have been hailed as scientific and industrial breakthroughs , but they often can be reproduced easily and cheaply . Monsanto sued an Indiana farmer , Vernon Hugh Bowman , claiming he violated a farming agreement when he used genetic copies of the company 's soybean product without paying a "  technology fee . " Monsanto claimed that the seeds could only be used for one growing season , meaning their offspring could not be saved and replanted without compensation . The high court agreed . "  Bowman planted Monsanto 's patented soybeans solely to make and market replicas of them thus depriving the company of the reward patent law provides for the sale of each article , " said Justice Elena Kagan . The high court is deciding a separate case on whether human genes can be patented . Monsanto dominates the soybean seed market . Its Roundup Ready variety is used to grow about 90 percent of the nation 's crop for the estimated 275,000 American soybean farmers like Bowman , according to its petition . The company 's scientists perfected a system in 1996 for injecting genes into seeds that are resistant to the herbicide Roundup . This allowed farmers to plant with reduced risk of weeds , insects , and disease . Those soybeans cost more and farmers must agree not to replant their progeny , thus buying seeds each year . The corporation says it has sued 146 U.S. farmers including Bowman . Eleven cases have gone to trial and Monsanto won them all . Bowman grows corn , wheat , and soybeans on 300 acres in Sandborn , Indiana . He used the patented soybeans for his main spring crop , but went to a local grain elevator and purchased so-called commodity seeds for a riskier , late-season crop . Such soybeans are typically used for feed livestock and for milling , but not for replanting . But Bowman said there were no restrictions on how he used the mixed-variety seeds , which he did for eight consecutive fall crops . The company found out and sued him six years ago was awarded more than $ 84,000 in damages . Lower courts said the second-generation seed planting was a "  newly infringing article . " Mark Walters , Bowman 's attorney , said farmers take all the risks when they plant , while the company can sit back and control how its products are used in perpetuity . "  If exhaustion -LSB- first-sale doctrine -RSB- is eliminated , rather , for the progeny seed , then you are taking away the ability of people to exchange these goods freely in commerce , " he told the court during February oral arguments . "  You have essentially a servitude on these things that are exchanged and every grain elevator who makes a sale is infringing , " he said . Food safety experts have raised concerns about the proliferation of genetically engineered food products , saying such production technologies can prove harmful . But Monsanto , backed by the Obama administration and a range of businesses , say protecting intellectual property is more important than ever , especially in fast-developing technological fields . "  America 's leadership in fostering the incentive to invest in research and development has created the world 's leading innovation economy , with millions of high-technology jobs-not just in our field of agriculture , but in other R&D - intensive fields like medicine , biotechnology , computer science and environmental science , " said David Snively , Monsanto 's general counsel . Bowman argued the soybeans naturally replicate or sprout themselves and had done so without much input from him . But Kagan , writing for her eight colleagues , was not convinced . "  We think that blame-the-bean defense tough to credit , " she said . "  In all this , the bean surely figured . But it was Bowman , and not the bean , who controlled the reproduction  to the eighth generation  of Monsanto 's patented invention . " But Kagan also issued a measure of caution , saying this decision might not necessarily apply in other areas . "  Our holding today is limited -- addressing the situation before us , rather than every one involving a self-replicating product , " she said . "  We recognize that such inventions are becoming ever more prevalent , complex , and diverse . " The case is Bowman v. Monsanto Company  11-796  .	Supreme Court rules for agribusiness in patent dispute Monsanto had sued Indiana farmer in dispute over genetic seeds Court found reproduction of patented products requires compensation Ruling could impact a variety of biotech fields
CNN  -- Cannes has been a hotbed of controversy since the beginning . The first festival , organized by the French in 1939 as a response to the Venice Film Festival -- then a vehicle for Nazi propaganda movies -- had to be canceled after it launched on the day WWII broke out . The festival returned in 1946 and has since been a fertile ground for taboo-breaking films , wannabes disrobing for a shot at fame , public spats between directors and critics and publicity stunts gone wrong . The latest rumpus surrounds "  Grace of Monaco , " a biopic of Grace Kelly , the Oscar-winning American actress who subsequently became the princess of Monaco . The film has been criticized by the Monaco royal family who said it contains "  major historical untruths and a series of purely fictional scenes . " The festival would not comment on whether Prince Albert and his sisters , Caroline and StÃ © phanie would attend the gala premiere . Altercations , scandals and stunts are arguably as much the lifeblood of Cannes as the films and here , in no particular order , are some of the greatest . Robert Mitchum and the topless starlet Publicity-hungry starlet Simone Silva took her top off during a photo shoot with Hollywood star Robert Mitchum and briefly made global headlines during an infamous incident at the 1954 festival . The British B-movie actress and glamor model turned up on the Croisette looking for exposure and was quickly crowned "  Miss Festival " by organizers who set the photo shoot up for her on the beach . "  The photographers got down on their knees to plead with me to take the top off , " she was quoted as saying in Ohio newspaper , The Daily Reporter . She did , removing her flimsy scarf top and cuddling up to Robert Mitchum , in just a grass skirt and covering her breasts with her hands . In the ensuing scrum three photographers fell into the Mediterranean , a fourth broke his ankle and another suffered a fractured elbow . Silva left the festival a few days later , after being asked to leave , but remained defiant : "  As long as sex is box office and I keep my figure , I 'm out to be the sexiest thing on , oh , two legs . " Dead pigeon gag gone wrong There are some things you just know are a bad idea , right ? Apparently not if you are the upstart cast of a hot Brit-flick . In 2001 , actors from "  24 Hour Party People , " which tells the story of the Manchester music scene in the late '80s , attacked each other with dead pigeons on a private Cannes beach splattering diners at an exclusive restaurant with fake blood , feathers and worse . Security guards threatened the actors with mace and they were unceremoniously ejected from the beach along with the film crew and entourage of British journalists who had been watching gleefully . Actor Danny Cunningham , who played Shaun Ryder the wild lead singer of Manchester indie band Happy Mondays came up with the ill-judged publicity stunt . He said it was inspired by an alleged incident from Ryder 's youth shown in the film where he poisoned 3,000 Manchester pigeons with crack cocaine . The actors brought stuffed pigeons as props for the stunt . Cunningham , who received a cut to the head in the scuffle , told the BBC : "  I think Shaun would have been proud of us . We came to Cannes to be wild and now we are going home . " See : Movies to watch out for at Cannes 2014 New Wave on the beach It was May 1968 and revolution was in the air . Students were marching in the streets and workers were participating in the biggest strike France has ever seen . It was , perhaps , inevitable that some of that fever would infiltrate the rarefied movie theaters of Cannes . Politics burst into the festival when a group of filmmakers led by New Wave directors Jean-Luc Godard and Francois Truffaut demanded it close in solidarity with the strikes . "  We 're talking solidarity with students and workers and you are talking dolly shots and close-ups , " Godard memorably shouted from behind a pair of Ray-Bans . "  You 're assholes ! " Godard and Truffaut stopped the next screening by hanging off the curtain as it was being pulled back and the festival was canceled shortly after , five days before its scheduled end . No prizes were handed out . Over the next few years , counterculture also invaded the content of the festival with films like "  Easy Rider " and "  M * A * S * H. " Vincent Gallo vs Roger Ebert When cult film director and actor Vincent Gallo turned up to Cannes in 2003 with "  The Brown Bunny , " an incoherent road movie with a graphic , unsimulated oral sex scene , the critics booed in boredom and disgust and Roger Ebert called it "  the worst film in the history of the festival . " A humiliated Gallo returned to the U.S. and began a new edit of the film but found the time to embark on a vicious war of words with Ebert , calling him "  a fat pig , " who "  had the physique of a slave trader , " topping it off by putting a hex on his colon and saying he hoped he got cancer . Ebert retorted , tartly : "  I had a colonoscopy once , and they let me watch it on TV . It was more entertaining than "  The Brown Bunny . " And added , in a twist on late UK Prime Minister Winston Churchill 's immortal line : "  It is true that I am fat , but one day I will be thin , and he will still be the director of ` The Brown Bunny . ' " Amazingly , the spat ended in a truce . Gallo finished his re-edit and showed "  The Brown Bunny " at Toronto where Ebert saw it again , this time awarding it three out of a possible four stars . Lars von Trier : ` Ok , I 'm a Nazi ' In 2011 , famously eccentric Danish director Lars von Trier told onlookers at a press conference that he was a Nazi , that he understood Hitler and that his next film could be The Final Solution . "  I understand Hitler . I think he did some wrong things , yes absolutely , but I can see him sitting in his bunker in the end . I think I understand the man , " said Von Trier while Kirsten Dunst and Charlotte Gainsbourg , stars of his sci-fi drama "  Melancholia , " looked on in helpless disbelief . "  How do I get out of this ? Ok , I 'm a Nazi , " he added shortly after in what could kindly be described as an ill-judged joke . Festival officials condemned his statements , which he retracted shortly after , but officials still took unusual step of banning him from the festival . Von Trier has been a one-man scandal factory since he started showing films at Cannes in the '80s . Incensed at being passed over for the top prize in 1991 , he called Jury President Roman Polanski a "  midget , " while Icelandic musician Bjork , who won Best Actress for her starring role in his 2000 film "  Dancer in the Dark " said she would never act again . But perhaps his greatest scandal  apart from the Nazi joke  was in 2009 when there were reports that some audience members fainted from shock after watching a scene in his grotesque art-horror "  Antichrist " in which Charlotte Gainsbourg mutilates her genitals . The ecumenical jury at Cannes called it "  misogynistic " and awarded it a special anti-prize . 2014 Cannes Film Festival : The red carpet	Since its inception , Cannes has attracted protests , spats and stunts CNN looks at some of the greatest scandals to have rocked the festival Among them : Danish director Lars von Trier says he is a Nazi and is banned '50s starlet strips on beach and photographer breaks ankle in scrum for photos
Washington  CNN  -- In a rare public appearance , former President George W. Bush spoke Tuesday to dissidents from countries including China , Cuba and Syria , to honor their attempts to bring democracy to the world . In a speech at the Council on Foreign Relations in Washington , he focused on the upheaval in the Middle East that has occurred since he left office in 2009 . "  In the Arab Spring , we have sent the broadest challenge to authoritarian rule since the collapse of Soviet Communism , " Bush said . "  The idea that Arab people are somehow content with oppression has been discredited forever . Yet , we 've also seen instability , uncertainty and the revenge of brutal rulers . " During the former president 's eight years in office , he reacted to the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks by authorizing U.S. troops to fight in Afghanistan . He also sent troops into Iraq , bringing about the downfall of Saddam Hussein 's government -- with Bush saying promoting democracy there could spread freedom across the Middle East . "  Some look at the risks inherent in democratic change , particularly in the Middle East and North Africa , and find the dangers too great . America , they argue , should be content with supporting the flawed leaders they know in the name of stability . But , in the long run , this foreign policy approach is not realistic , " he told a friendly crowd at the Council on Foreign Relations . One of the world 's most famous dissidents joined the event via Skype from Myanmar , also known as Burma . Aung San Suu Kyi was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 during her house arrest for pro-democracy activities in her home country . This year , she has been elected to the parliament there . "  Her example shows people everywhere that political isolation and prison can not silence the call for liberty , " said former first lady Laura Bush during her introduction . While serving as first lady , she voiced her support for Suu Kyi 's opposition party in Myanmar , in one of her rare forays into international policy . Suu Kyi confirmed that she has recently received a new passport from her government and is making plans to travel to Oslo , Norway , to pick up her Nobel prize . In a speech Monday at the Center for Strategic and International Studies Sen. John McCain said the United States should look at suspending sanctions against Myanmar as the government has made "  real progress " toward reform . "  This would not be a lifting of sanctions , just a suspension . And this step , as well as any additional easing of sanctions , would depend on continued progress and reform in Burma , " said the Arizona Republican . Suu Kyi was amenable to this idea . "  I am not against the suspension of sanctions as long as the people of the United States feel that this is the right thing to do at the moment , " she said via Skype . She did warn that "  democratization is not irreversible " and that her country could still slip back from its current reforms . She closed with some words of encouragement for human rights advocates around the world saying , "  Persevere . You will get there in the end , just go on . " Other dissidents at the event included Xiqiu "  Bob " Fu from China , who was a student during the Tiananmen Square protests in China in 1989 ; Normando Hernandez , who was held prisoner by the Cuban government ; and Ammar Abdulhamid who was exiled from Syria in 2005 for criticizing President Bashir Assad . The event was held to launch the Freedom Collection , a program under the auspices of the George W. Bush Presidential Center that documents the stories of dissidents from around the world who risk their lives to move their countries toward freedom .	Former president hails the Arab Spring 's "  challenge to authoritarian rule " In a speech , he honors pro-democracy dissidents around the world Myanmar 's Aung San Suu Kyi speaks to the Washington audience via Skype "  Democratization is not irreversible , " she says
CNN  -- The throaty , thumping churn of the military helicopter convoy is a sound like no other . It 's a common sound in Washington , but less so in the skies over Chicago . Barack Obama does n't get back to his old town much these days . He did last week ; he returned to Illinois for slightly more than 24 hours to celebrate his 49th birthday with some friends , to make a public appearance at an auto plant , to raise some money for upcoming campaigns . And as he arrived late on a wet and cloud-darkened afternoon , there was that baritone rumble of the line of helicopters , there were the Chicagoans looking up toward the president in Marine One , there were the streets closed to traffic in anticipation of his motorcade . Obama arouses in people such political passions , both positive and negative , that sometime it feels futile to discuss him without knowing that the conversation will veer inevitably into heated partisan territory . Yet there may be some usefulness -- especially for those of us not consumed by politics -- in stepping back , on an occasion like one of his rare returns to Illinois , to consider a lesson inherent in his rise : Aim high . It seems pretty simple , after the fact . Obama is president of the United States . Of course he was ambitious ; of course he set his sights high , in his successful 2004 campaign for the U.S. Senate and then in the 2008 campaign that took him to the White House . Today those decisions of his are , literally , history . But it is instructive to think of him not as the man in Marine One , but as the frustrated 41-year-old state legislator in Springfield , Illinois , in January of 2003 . He had tried once for an office that would move him onto the national stage ; in 2000 he had attempted a run for the United States House of Representatives . He was crushed by a margin of 2-to-1 in the Democratic primary . By 2003 he was back in Springfield , a face in the crowd . He was known to those who follow state politics closely , and to statehouse reporters , but Obama at the beginning of 2003 could have walked into most restaurants and stores in Chicago and not have turned a single head . There were two marquee political stars in the state : the glamorous new governor , Rod Blagojevich , who had just been sworn in for his first term , and the mayor of Chicago , Richard M. Daley , bearer of the most famous name in local government . What was Obama to do ? Bide his time in Springfield , hoping to achieve increasingly more influential committee assignments ? Eventually try once more for the U.S. House of Representatives , after the humiliating rejection in 2000 ? Put his ambitions for elective office away , and take up the private practice of law ? We know what he did instead . Aim high . It does n't always work ; a person can aim high , and fall flat on his face . He can be mocked for even trying , especially when he comes up short . But as Marine One and its convoy thundered over the edge of where Lake Michigan touches the shore in Chicago last week , as the people on the streets looked skyward , a jury at the Everett M. Dirksen Federal Building a few blocks to the west had just completed another day of deliberations that will determine if Rod Blagojevich will remain a free citizen or will be sent to prison . When Obama , before climbing into the helicopter , had landed at O'Hare International Airport in Air Force One , Richard Daley was waiting patiently in the rain to stand in a receiving line and shake the president 's hand . Things have n't been going particularly smoothly for Obama in recent months ; his poll numbers are down , he seems under constant criticism from every direction , his missteps often appear on newspaper front pages and at the top of television newscasts . Why anyone wants the job that a president has is a question that rational people tend to ask themselves from time to time . Yet when we do take that step back from the frenzy of a given day , and consider the choices a person makes during the course of a lifetime -- the choices about whether to be satisfied with what you have , or to take that leap of faith and try for something beyond what the rest of the world thinks you can do ... . I have a copy of a letter , a public document , that I have held onto since November 13 , 2008 , when it was written . It 's very brief . It was addressed to Blagojevich , who on that day was still the governor of Illinois . "  Dear Mr. Governor : "  I hereby resign effective November 16 , 2008 from the United States Senate in order to prepare for my duties as President of the United States . "  Sincerely , "  Barack Obama " You ask yourself what must go through his mind , in his seat aboard Marine One , as he looks down at the city where he once lived , at the people who live there now , the people peering up toward the chopper convoy 's roar . Impossible things can happen to a person . But first , a person has to try . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Barack Obama was a state legislator whose advancement was blocked in Illinois Bob Greene recalls Obama rejected idea of staying in place , sought national office Even Obama 's critics must be impressed by how he chose to aim high , Greene says Greene : People can accomplish the "  impossible , " but only if they try
CNN  -- Since China adopted a "  managed float " of the renminbi  RMB  in 2005 , the RMB has appreciated in real terms by over 20 per cent against the U.S. dollar . Still , politicians and economists in the U.S. say China is guilty of "  currency manipulation " and say the RMB remains artificially undervalued . The U.S. Senate on Thursday voted to push a bill which will impose punitive tariffs on China for allegedly manipulating the RMB exchange rate to gain unfair trade advantage . U.S. President Barack Obama said China is manipulating its currency but expressed concerns about backing the Senate bill . China opposes the bill , warning that it "  seriously violates rules of the World Trade Organization and obstructs China-U.S. trade ties . " U.S. Republican House Speaker John Boehner does not support the bill either . "  This is well beyond what Congress ought to be doing , and while I 've got concerns about how the Chinese have dealt with their currency , I 'm not sure this is the way to fix it , " he said Tuesday . What is the currency dispute all about ? This week I talked with Patrick Chovanec , an associate professor at Tsinghua University 's School of Economics and Management and a former aide to House Speaker Boehner , to seek answers to my nine questions . 1  How serious is the U.S. trade deficit with China ? U.S. trade deficit with China has steadily grown over the past decade . In 2010 , it reached $ 273 billion , over 40 % of America 's global trade deficit , but still amounted to less than 2 % of GDP . In fact , America 's global trade deficit peaked in 2006 and has declined substantially , largely due to expanding exports . The real problem is n't so much the absolute size of the U.S.-China trade imbalance , but the struggle to find sources of growth in a stagnant global economy . 2  The U.S. will hold a presidential election next year . How is the trade dispute with China playing out in America ? The number one election issue is going to be jobs , so every politician wants to show that they 're doing something about jobs . China 's trade imbalance with the U.S. is a real issue : If China 's markets were more open , if it was encouraging consumer demand instead of piling up reserves , it could help boost job growth in the U.S. . So there 's a temptation to seize on China 's currency policy as a "  silver bullet " that will solve this concern , by making U.S. goods cheaper and Chinese ones more expensive , even though the real problem is more complex than that . 3  What impact will the Senate bill have if passed ? The immediate concern would be retaliation , provoking a trade war with China . Even if China did n't opt for actual retaliation , it could challenge the U.S. sanctions with the World Trade Organization , and China might very well win . One of the reasons the U.S. has always hesitated in slapping sanctions on China over currency is the fear that we might be shooting blanks . 4  Why so ? It 's far from clear that twisting China 's arm to strengthen its currency will have the effect we might hope . We 've actually seen this movie before . In the Plaza Accord in 1985 , Japan agreed , under considerable U.S. pressure , to strengthen its currency in order to combat the growing U.S. trade deficit . The yen doubled in value , but to everyone 's surprise , it had virtually no impact on the trade balance , because there were subsidies , trade barriers , and other policies in place in Japan that countered the stronger yen and prevented an adjustment from taking place . Back China into a corner and force it to accept a stronger yuan , without embracing the kind of economic adjustment that really requires , and I 'm afraid we 'll see a replay of the Plaza Accord . 5  What is the fundamental reason causing the trade deficit ? The cheap yuan is one factor , but it 's only one piece of the puzzle . Other factors include obstacles to market access , China 's failure to protect intellectual property rights , export tax rebates , subsidized inputs , subsidized credit , and soft budget constraints for Chinese state-owned companies . There are a whole host of factors in the Chinese economy besides currency that distort price signals in favor of exports and discourage imports . To their credit , American negotiators have been placing more and more emphasis on these issues lately , rather than focusing exclusively on currency as some kind of "  silver bullet . " 6  Why should China revalue the renminbi ? When China intervenes to keep the yuan from rising , in order to protect export growth , it ends up accumulating trillions of dollars in official reserves that it has to somehow invest , leaving it exposed to losses . It also injects trillions of yuan into its domestic economy , fueling inflation and asset bubbles . The fact is , when you run massive trade and investment imbalances , as China is doing , you 're going to get an adjustment , one way or the other . It 's either going to take place through external prices  exchange rates  or internal prices  inflation  . 7  What will be the pros and cons for China ? There will be losers . Some Chinese exporters , especially those with razor-thin margins and no reliable competitive advantage , may lose their markets and go out of business . But there will be winners too . A stronger yuan would give the average Chinese citizen greater buying power and an improved standard of living . 8  Some observers argue that , if the renminbi revalues and the Chinese exports to the U.S. become expensive , the American consumers will have to pay more for them -- and thus will be hurt too . Your view ? That 's absolutely true . Just as a stronger yuan will mean that Chinese consumers will enjoy greater buying power , American consumers will lose some of the buying power they 've enjoyed over Chinese goods . Their dollars will buy less . But the focus in America right now is on jobs , not buying power . The problem this past decade is that Americans ' buying power has led us to consume more than we produce , which means more than we could ultimately afford , and as we 've all come to learn , that 's just not sustainable . 9  Will further revaluation of the renminbi help stop the loss of jobs in the U.S. ? A stronger yuan is not going to bring back jobs in labor-intensive , low-tech industries where the U.S. has no real competitive advantage . Those jobs will go to Bangladesh or Vietnam before they come back to the U.S. . But a Chinese consumer with greater buying power -- if accompanied by greater openness and fairer treatment for American companies in the Chinese market -- will translate into more opportunities and more jobs in sectors where the U.S. has a real advantage . Twisting China 's tail wo n't get us there , however . A market-based exchange rate has to be part of a more comprehensive win-win solution .	The U.S. Senate considers imposing punitive tariffs on China for allegedly manipulating the RMB U.S. President Barack Obama said China is manipulating its currency but expressed concerns about backing the bill China opposes the bill , warning it "  seriously violates rules of the World Trade Organization and obstructs China-U.S. trade ties "
CNN  -- Mexico 's Enrique Peña Nieto called for a "  new debate " on the drug war and said the United States must play an important role in that discussion . The presumptive president-elect spoke this week to Fareed Zakaria , host of CNN 's "  Fareed Zakaria GPS . " His comments will air Sunday . "  Yes , I do believe we should open up a new debate regarding how to wage war on drug trafficking . Personally , I 'm not in favor of legalizing drugs . I 'm not persuaded by that as an argument . However , let 's open up a new debate , a review , in which the U.S. plays a fundamental role in conducting this review , " said Peña Nieto . More than 47,500 people have died in drug-related violence since Felipe Calderon , Mexico 's current president , made combating cartels a top priority when he took office in 2006 . Peña Nieto has pledged to focus more on reducing violence and less on catching cartel leaders and blocking drugs from reaching the United States . "  What we seek now in our new strategy is to adjust what 's been done up until now . It 's not a radical change . It 's to broaden the coverage and above all , the emphasis I aspire to of reducing the violence in our country , " he told Zakaria . "  I 'm persuaded that if we achieve the specialization in the work carried out by the various branches of the federal police and the inspector general 's office , waging war on impunity will allow us to combat crime , " he said . The presumptive president-elect also weighed in on Arizona 's immigration law , which allows police to check a person 's immigration status while enforcing other laws if "  reasonable suspicion " exists that the person is in the United States illegally . The controversial provision was recently upheld by the U.S. Supreme Court . It struck down other parts of the law . "  Clearly , it seems to me that these are discriminatory laws that do n't recognize the contribution and the value of millions of immigrants , particularly from my country , who make enormous contributions to the United States ' economic development . It 's clear to me that Mexico must facilitate conditions for greater economic development through structural reforms , energy reforms , treasury reform , labor reform , in order to generate jobs and greater opportunities in my country , so that immigration is a decision and not a necessity for Mexicans , " he said . An official tally of returns Friday confirmed Peña Nieto of the Institutional Revolutionary Party , or PRI , as the winner of Mexico 's presidential election . Final tally confirms PRI victory in Mexico But until the country 's electoral tribunal ratifies the results -- and challenges are virtually assured -- he remains the presumptive president-elect . Peña Nieto 's closest rival , Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador , has vowed to challenge the results , accusing the PRI of vote-buying , and said that he would take his complaints through the legal system . The federal electoral tribunal , known as TRIFE , will begin to accept complaints Monday of voting irregularities . The tribunal will have until September 6 to complete its investigation and ratify -- or reverse -- the official election results . The new president will be sworn in December 1 .	The presumptive president-elect speaks to CNN 's Fareed Zakaria Enrique Peña Nieto weighs in on reform , illegal immigration The new president will be sworn in December 1
CNN  -- Part of being a child is developing your identity . School can teach you knowledge . Society can teach you what it expects of you . But , once you develop a sense of yourself , no one and nothing can tell you who you are . You come to know that -- to your core . When a child 's sense of self develops in ways that are traditional and unremarkable , nobody takes much notice . But when it happens in ways that challenge traditional norms or expectations , people often try to "  correct " it . Such is the heart of a controversy brewing in Colorado involving a first-grader and , of all things , a bathroom . The unlikely center of this uproar is a little 6-year-old girl , Coy Mathis . Coy knows she 's a girl . She dresses as a girl . Her legal documents recognize her as a girl . Her parents accept her as a girl . On the playground , you would have difficulty identifying her as different from any of the other girls , because in all ways that matter socially and legally , this child is a girl . The problem is that Coy was born in the body of a boy , so the school district wants her to use the boys ' bathroom , or some bathroom other than the one the other girls use . The Transgender Legal Defense and Education Fund has filed a complaint with the Colorado Civil Rights Division on behalf of Coy and her family . Discrimination complaint filed for transgender girl Although generations of people facing a similar mind/body dissonance have been forced to hide , to pretend , to live unhappy and empty lives simply for being different , the world is changing . Kids such as Coy finally have a chance to avoid a similar fate with their dignity and their self-image intact , given the right support and opportunity . Vice President Joe Biden has long been a supporter of gay , lesbian and transgender rights , referring to them as civil rights issues . It seems odd to think of this first-grader who simply wants to use the bathroom as a civil rights pioneer . But crossing seemingly simple barriers for rights is nothing new -- whether to ride a bus , to attend a school or to use a bathroom just like everyone else . It is unfortunate that we keep having to relearn these lessons . I doubt many people stop to consider that the single most significant moment in their lives happens within minutes of their births . That 's when , upon simple inspection , a doctor or a nurse pronounces a baby a boy or a girl . That seemingly simple and obvious proclamation has reverberations for the rest of our lives . I can empathize with Coy because I faced those same overwhelming questions myself , almost 50 years ago . I came to know a similar mistake had been made , except that at that time , I did n't have words to explain it . I learned to live a lie . Pretending to be what you 're not , hoping things will magically fix themselves , seems easier at times . But lies have consequences . News : Frat pays for brother 's sex change It is unfortunate that Coy 's school has not learned the lesson that so many other aspects of our culture have already acknowledged , that a person 's gender is more complicated than a body part or a chromosome . Workplaces across this country are recognizing the challenges that their transgender workers face and are removing deeply embedded barriers to health care and wellness benefits . Organizations ranging from the National Collegiate Athletic Association to the Girl Scouts are accepting transyouth , sometimes under fire , treating children based on identify , not body parts . Transwomen have openly competed in mainstream beauty pageants and have been featured in magazines such as Vogue . Transgender athletes , artists and writers , people in all fields , have shown there is a pathway to a happy , well-adjusted and fulfilling life -- not as an "  other , " but as the men and women we know ourselves to be . Apparently none of this matters to the school that denies Coy the use of the girls ' bathroom or to the parents who demonize her and her family . Arguments to treat Coy with dignity often fall on deaf ears . Why ? Because discussion of the topic quickly becomes emotional rather than rational . When I came out to my own mother , at 40 years old , I was a parent , I had been married to a woman I loved for 20 years , I had a successful career , we owned two homes , and there was n't a single person who would have guessed my secret or my struggle . But in the end , a quote from AndrÃ © Gide : "  It is better to be hated for what you are than loved for what you are not , " resonated to the point that I finally became who I should have been . Today , my family and I have never been closer . I have never been more in tune with myself and the world around me . My relationships have never been more fulfilling . Those who would cling to outdated stereotypes of transpeople as sad , lonely , misguided , freakish and broken see more and more examples of people who bloom when they find the strength , and the opportunity , to become authentic . My own advice for Coy and her family : Keep the spirit of the Serenity Prayer close to your heart . Love one another . Know that this journey is far more about happiness and fulfillment than about body parts or bathrooms . To Coy 's parents , Kathryn and Jeremy : Doing what 's right for your daughter will make a bigger difference for her , and for others , than you know . And last , do n't forget to hug one another every day . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Donna Rose .	Donna Rose : When a child 's sense of self is nontraditional , people want to "  correct " it Rose : Transgender Coy , 6 , is in every respect a girl , but she ca n't use girls ' bathroom Rose : School should know gender is not body parts , it is who you are to the core Rose realized that to live an authentic life she needed to become a woman
Washington  CNN  -- A hoax mayday call that launched a massive search off the coast of New Jersey last week may be linked to a similar call made last month nearly 1,500 miles away off Texas , authorities said Wednesday . At a news conference in New York , Coast Guard investigators said that in both cases the callers reported their boats were sinking and used similar key words and phrases , leading authorities to believe the calls could have come from the same individual . On May 20 , rescuers searched for 36 hours in waters off the coast of Galveston , Texas , and found nothing after a distress call reporting six people stranded in the water , Chief Warrant Officer Lionel Bryant told CNN . Investigators try to track down false yacht mayday On June 11 , a distress call reporting a yacht explosion prompted a massive rescue effort in the water near New Jersey . The call was determined to be fake after no evidence of a boat was found . Officials initially classified the Texas call as unresolved because the Coast Guard could not eliminate the possibility that the distress call came from a vessel in the water . But a Houston television reporter alerted the Coast Guard 's New York office to similarities in the two cases , and that led authorities to take a closer look . "  By no means is it a guarantee that this was the same individual that made both calls . We 're analyzing the voices on both calls , " Coast Guard Capt. Gregory Hitchen told reporters . In both instances , the caller described his boat as "  taking on water " rather than sinking , described the people on board his boat as "  souls , " said victims were in orange life rafts and used a similar speaking pattern , Hitchen said . Investigators said the calls in both cases seem to have originated from land , he added . The Coast Guard said the estimated cost of the rescue operation in the New Jersey case was $ 300,000 . The agency is relying on the media and tips from the public to find the callers because current technology is n't capable of allowing investigators to pinpoint exactly where the calls came from . Coast Guard offers reward after apparent hoax But officials are hoping that the person responsible for the false calls finds it difficult to keep quiet . "  They do brag about it in certain cases , " Hitchen said . More than 100 calls have come in to a tip line , Coast Guard Investigative Service Special Agent Michael Donnelly told reporters Wednesday . Authorities released audio excerpts from both of the mayday calls . In the New Jersey incident , a male voice is heard saying , "  We have 21 souls on board , 20 in the water right now . I have three deceased on board , nine injured because of the explosion we 've had . I 'm in three feet of water on the bridge . I 'm going to stay by the radio as long as I can before I have to go overboard . " In the Texas case , the voice says , "  We 're about probably 2 miles from the channel and we are taking on water . " The caller was unable to give an exact location in either call . Anyone convicted of making a false mayday call to the Coast Guard would face six years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine , but finding such perpetrators has proven difficult for authorities . Investigations rarely have led to an arrest or conviction . There were 60 reported hoax calls in the New York region in 2011 , but since 2004 only four people have been convicted for making false distress claims . Authorities do n't believe the false calls are terrorism-related . CNN 's Mike Ahlers contributed to this report .	The Coast Guard received apparent false mayday calls off New Jersey and Texas A Houston reporter alerted the agency to similarities in the calls The Coast Guard is relying on the media and tips from the public to find the callers
CNN  -- So , just what is Russia up to now ? On April 17 , at the same time Russian President Vladimir Putin snarled at Ukraine and the West at a press conference in Moscow , Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov signed a conciliatory agreement in Geneva with the United States , the European Union and Ukraine . On the face of it , the foreign minister seemed to repudiate the President and betray the pro-Russian terrorists in eastern Ukraine . Whatever Putin and Lavrov 's game , the statement signed by Lavrov in Geneva represents a major stand down by Russia . To be sure , given the Kremlin 's past mendacity and slipperiness , the agreement is ultimately nothing more than a piece of paper . If Putin could breach the 1994 Budapest Memorandum on Security Assurances  wherein the United States , the United Kingdom and Russia agreed to guarantee Ukraine 's security and territorial integrity  , he could easily tear up the Geneva statement if and when it suits him . In his press conference , true to form , Putin denied the existence of Ukrainians as a separate nation , reserved to himself the right to intervene in Ukraine , and supported the pro-Putin armed commandos who have caused havoc in eastern Ukraine . Here 's Putin on Ukrainians as really being Russians : "  The desire to get Russia and Ukraine to quarrel , to divide what is essentially a single people has been an object of international politics for centuries . " It gets worse . Putin says the fanatical Bolsheviks and their reactionary White opponents agreed on one thing only : that Ukraine and Russia were a "  part of a common , united space and a single people . " And , he adds , "  They were absolutely right . " Ukrainians , naturally , beg to differ . And they worry . If Ukraine has no right to exist as a separate nation , then why should n't Putin bring Ukrainians "  home " whenever he chooses to follow in the footsteps of the Bolsheviks and the Whites ? Here 's Putin on the right to intervene to "  help " Russians and "  Russian-speaking citizens " in Ukraine : "  But we know exactly that we ought to do everything to help these people defend their rights and independently determine their fate . This is what we will fight for . Let me remind you that the Federation Council of Russia gave the president the right to use armed forces in Ukraine . I very much hope that I will not have to exercise this right and that , through political and diplomatic means , we will be able to resolve all the acute , if not indeed very acute , problems in Ukraine today . " Unsurprisingly , Putin 's insistence that he has a right to aid Ukrainian citizens spooks Ukrainians , especially as his invocation of that right is coupled with the continued massing of thousands of battle-ready Russian troops along Ukraine 's borders . Finally , here 's Putin on the pro-Russian commandos who have terrorized southeastern Ukraine in the last week and thereby compelled Kiev to try to regain control of the region : "  Now we hear of calls  by the West  to the people in the southeast to lay down their arms . ... But then  the Ukrainian authorities should  pull back the army from the civilian population . ... All right , the east will disarm , all right , let 's assume the army will withdraw -- why have the  Ukrainian  nationalist groups not been disarmed yet ? " One of the central points of the Geneva statement undermines Putin 's concerns : "  All illegal armed groups must be disarmed ; all illegally seized buildings must be returned to legitimate owners ; all illegally occupied streets , squares and other public places in Ukrainian cities and towns must be vacated . " Geneva made it clear that all groups should be disarmed and all buildings and streets be vacated -- immediately . There is no talk in the statement of one side 's disarming first and then the other 's disarming next . Because virtually no Ukrainian armed groups are in Ukraine , nor are they occupying buildings -- the groups have been disarmed in the last few weeks -- the statement applies almost exclusively to the Russian-supported , Russian-funded , and Russian-directed commando-terrorists . Lavrov also signed the following statement : "  Amnesty will be granted to protesters and to those who have left buildings and other public places and surrendered weapons , with the exception of those found guilty of capital crimes . " This is , indirectly , a recognition of the Ukrainian government 's legitimacy , something that Putin repeatedly denied at his press conference . After all , who is to capture the terrorists and determine if they committed capital crimes ? The Ukrainian Ministry of Internal Affairs , the procurator 's office , and the Ministry of Justice , of course . If the government is illegitimate , then so , too , they are illegitimate . Conversely , if they are legitimate , then so , too , is the government . President Obama was absolutely on the mark to be skeptical of Russian intentions . "  Our strong preference would be for Mr. Putin to follow through on what is a glimmer of hope coming out of these Geneva talks , " he said . "  But we 're not going to count on it until we see it . And in the meantime , we 're going to prepare what our other options are . " Even so , the Geneva document is important . It represents a standard against which the reduction of terrorist activities in eastern Ukraine and Russia 's behavior toward them can be measured . Thus far , the evidence is neither encouraging nor discouraging . Russia insists the Ukrainians have to move first , the extremists in Sloviansk and Donetsk have insisted the agreement does not affect them , and their comrades in Kramatorsk have seized more buildings . On the other hand , extremists in Yenakievo abandoned the buildings they had occupied and the Donetsk separatists have promised to vacate two floors and the conference hall of the state province administration building . Regardless of the desultory response by Russia and its supporters , both the United States and Ukraine have , correctly , insisted that Russia stick to the agreement and convince its supporters in eastern Ukraine to surrender their arms and abandon the buildings they seized . Kiev has also agreed to an amnesty for those extremists who did not , as the document insists , engage in capital crimes . And Yulia Tymoshenko , the former prime minister-turned-political prisoner who is now running for president , has used the agreement as the basis for calling on the extremists to engage in roundtable discussions . The next week or two will demonstrate whether Russia is or is not serious about the Geneva agreement . If the terrorist groups do not abandon buildings and give up their arms , and if Russia does not stop infiltrating Russian intelligence agents into Ukraine , then Putin and Lavrov will effectively be declaring that they can not be trusted and that their intentions in Ukraine are aggressive . Alternatively , if they adhere to the agreement , the document could lead to further forms of de-escalation , perhaps even including a permanent withdrawal of Russian troops from Ukraine 's borders . Opinion : Why Geneva accord on Ukraine is tactical victory for Russia ? Are Lavrov and Putin playing good cop-bad cop , hoping to convince the United States , the European Union , and Ukraine that Russia really is reasonable and has no aggressive intentions ? If so , is this just a ploy to win time while war preparations continue ? Or is their routine indicative of Russia 's finally coming to its senses ? Has Putin realized that invading or destabilizing Ukraine will bring him and Russia nothing except painful Western sanctions and the possible arming of Ukraine 's military ? Whatever the answer , it seems obvious that the West 's consistent expressions of support for Ukraine and condemnation of Russia 's illegal annexation of Crimea , along with Kiev 's decision finally to resist Russian aggression , played some role in convincing Putin to have Lavrov make nice . The moral is clear : Talk tough and act tough , and Putin may just possibly listen .	Alexander Motyl : Putin belligerent about Ukraine as his minister signs accord Motyl : Despite Putin hard line , Geneva statement is a major step down by Russia Accord says illegal armed groups must be disarmed ; illegally seized buildings returned Motyl : It seems that if you talk tough and act tough , Putin may just possibly listen
CNN  -- LeBron James and Dwyane Wade combined for 53 points to lead the defending NBA champion Miami Heat back to the finals with a 99-76 victory over the Indiana Pacers on Monday night . The Heat will face the well-rested San Antonio Spurs , who swept the Memphis Grizzlies four games to none , and have n't played since May 27 . The NBA Finals begin Thursday in Miami . Roy Hibbert led the Pacers , who surprisingly pushed the Heat to a deciding Game 7 , with 18 points while David West chipped in 14 . James had 32 points , including 12 in the second quarter , to spark Miami . Last year , the Heat defeated the Oklahoma City Thunder in five games to win their second NBA championship . The Spurs have won four titles , the most recent in 2007 . The win for the Heat came on the same day point guard Jason Kidd announced his retirement after a 19-year career . Kidd , a 10-time all-star , helped Dallas win its first NBA title in 2011 . He played this season with the New York Knicks . "  My time in professional basketball has been an incredible journey , but one that must come to an end after 19 years , " the 40-year-old said . "  As I reflect on my time with the four teams I represented in the NBA , I look back fondly at every season and thank each and every one of my teammates and coaches that joined me on the court . "	The NBA Finals begin Thursday in Miami The Heat faces the Spurs
Look at the letters in these words . Really look at them : the shape of the circle that makes the "  o " and the roundness of the "  c. " Look at how wide and tall they are . Look at the spaces between them . How do the lowercase letters make you feel ? HOW ABOUT THE CAPITALS ? A lot of consideration goes into designing a font , but somehow we 're all able generally to accept the typefaces around us , ignoring their subtle design quirks as though they 're as ordinary as air . We read their content but do n't think too much about their form . In this way , the Helvetica font has established itself . There 's even a movie about it -- the 2007 documentary "  Helvetica . " One of the people responsible for the popular use of Helvetica , Mike Parker , died Sunday at age 84 . His son , Harry Parker , considers his father to be the "  godfather " of the Helvetica font , as a Fast Company headline described him . "  My dad did n't draw Helvetica , but he was very instrumental in it , " Harry Parker said . Many different companies use corporate logos inspired by Helvetica . The typeface is clear , legible and "  good for everything , pretty much , " Massimo Vignelli , a designer , said in the "  Helvetica " film . Words printed in Helvetica tell you what stop you 're at on the New York subway . You might also see it in house numbers and tax forms . Interviewed in "  Helvetica , " Mike Parker praised the "  firm " quality of the font and the way that the spaces between characters "  just hold the letters . " "  It is not a letter that 's bent to shape ; it 's a letter that lives in a powerful matrix of surrounding space , " he said . "  It 's -- oh , it 's brilliant when it 's done well . " Helvetica was born as "  Neue Haas Grotesk " in 1957 , a collaboration between Max Miedinger with Eduard Hoffmann , for the Haas Type Foundry in Münchenstein , Switzerland . The original , pre-digital font is different from what we know today . In the post-World War II era , design was seen as part of a movement toward social responsibility , openness and reconstruction , design writer Rick Poyner said in the film . Swiss designers in the 1950s were pushing the idea of "  rational typefaces " for information that would "  present those visual expressions of the modern world to the public in an intelligible , legible way , " Poyner said . Linotype machines were commonly used in printing at that time . Mike Parker comes into the Helvetica story as the director of typographic development at Mergenthaler Linotype Co. . "  He oversaw its development into a font published for the Linotype machines , " Harry Parker said . Under his leadership , more than 1,000 typefaces , including Helvetica , were added to the company 's library , which became an industry standard . Parker made a name for himself by bringing fonts to the world , while his original career path might have unearthed rocks and minerals . Born in London in 1929 , Mike Parker had intended to become a geologist , like his father , Harry Parker said . He then turned to painting but discovered that he was colorblind . "  What does a colorblind painter do ? Type is black and white so that was the logical direction to go in , " Harry Parker said . Parker graduated from Yale University with an undergraduate degree in architecture and master 's in design . He got a job at the Plantin-Moretus Museum in Antwerp , Belgium , a museum with an extensive historical typography collection , and "  that 's where Mike fell in love with the whole thing , " font designer Matthew Carter said . After Linotype , Carter and Parker formed a company called Bitstream in 1981 , the first company dedicated to producing digital fonts , ex-wife Sibyl Masquelier said . Parker also founded a company called Pages Software in 1990 , which featured a word processor developed on the NeXTSTEP operating system , developed by Steve Jobs ' early company NeXT Computers . Pages was in the beta stage when NeXT was discontinued in 1995 , Masquelier said . Apple later named a word-processing program Pages . Parker additionally served as the historian for the Font Bureau , a typeface design foundry . He would often bring conversations back to typography , Masquelier said . She remembers him complaining about how fonts he had once overseen were being used on trucks , or how ugly other typefaces looked in magazines . "  He hated the fonts that looked like they had a machine gun shooting them , " she said . "  Mike was all about classy style . "	Mike Parker , who helped make Helvetica famous , died Sunday at age 84 In a documentary , Parker praises the "  firm " quality of the font He helped start the first company dedicated to producing digital fonts
Mauritius  CNN  -- For an island country that spans less than 800 square miles , and hosts a little over one million inhabitants , Mauritius is surprisingly multicultural . Though 80 % of the populace are descendants from the country 's early settlers , they are made of a mix of Indian , African , French and Chinese heritage . The nation 's diversity makes for a rich , cultural smorgasbord whose presence is felt in the local food , music and architecture . History Part of the tiny country 's worldliness is due to the fact that it was occupied by an array of nations . The Dutch took control in 1638 , only to be followed by the French and ultimately the British before the island 's independence in 1968 . Under the Dutch and the French , slaves brought over from other African nations drove a large part of the economy . Many of the island 's remote regions -- particularly Le Morne Mountain -- became refuges for escaped slaves . "  During the French period , 5 % of slaves left their property and went to settle in natural places in a quest for independence -- 10 % during the British period , " says Breejan Burran , a local historian . " -LSB- On Le Morne Mountain -RSB- , they lived in such an isolated place that they were not even aware when slavery had been abolished . When people were coming around , -LSB- many former slaves -RSB- thought they were slave hunters and they just threw themselves down the mountain and killed themselves in this way , " he adds . Though slavery on the island was abolished in 1835 , the British introduced indentured laborers from India onto the island to work in the sugar industry . Around 450,000 were brought to live on the island . Many of their descendants still live there today , lending Asian influences to the African nation . Food Nothing illustrates the melting-pot nature of Mauritius quite as succinctly as the cuisine . At the bustling Central Market in the capital Port Louis , thousands of people come daily to search out a global array of produce , from cassava to soy sauce , and dahl to roti . "  You can get all things here . There 's a Chinese section , you can get Creole fruits and vegetables over there . We use some roots , some local things , European things and we mix it and create one plate here , " says Vijay Purlackee , a chef at one of the island 's five-star hotels . Music It should probably come as no surprise that the local music also incorporates a range of styles . Sega -- the traditional music of the island -- has recently given way to a whole new style that borrows heavily from reggae . The result ? Seggae . "  We started to think , ` how are we going to start a new style of music to express the real problems of Mauritius ? ' So we started to set about a fusion with reggae music , because in this time reggae was started to be listened to in Mauritius , " explains Ras Natty Baby , a local musician who has championed the new style . "  This music has become like a liberation , you know ? Music has no border , even when the authorities want to border in the music , it 's like the wind , it 's like water . You ca n't block music ; there 's a lot of ways to express music , " he says .	Mauritius hosts a population of about 1m people , but is surprisingly multicultural About 80 % of the population descend from the country 's early settlers They are a mix of Indian , African , French and Chinese heritage Many of the island 's more remote regions became refuges for escaped slaves
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Lisa Michelle Hatchell disappeared on her 37th birthday : July 19 , 2003 . She was last seen at 10 p.m. on the street outside the Southwest Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , rowhome she shared with her boyfriend . Lisa Michelle Hatchell has been missing since her birthday in 2003 . Police have looked for her in Georgia . She and her boyfriend were arguing over money , witnesses told police . Since that night , Hatchell 's family and friends have not heard from the mother of two . Hatchell was a U.S. Army veteran who struggled with drug addiction . But Alonie Watson does n't think her daughter 's drug problem had anything to do with her disappearance . "  She has never disappeared without letting the family know where she is , " Watson said . "  This is just not like her . I feel in my heart that her disappearance does n't have anything to do with her taking drugs that night and then running away . She just would n't do that . " She worked at the Philadelphia Navy Yard for a while , got married and then divorced . She had been living with her boyfriend , a construction worker , for a dozen years , Watson said . Her children did not live with them . Her 16-year-old son lived with his father . Her daughter , 7 at the time of Hatchell 's disappearance , lived with Watson . Watson is convinced that her daughter was the victim of foul play . She said Philadelphia police did not officially open an investigation into her daughter 's case until two years after she was reported missing . And so , her boyfriend was not questioned or their home searched until two years after Hatchell disappeared . Capt. John Darby , who heads the Philadelphia police department 's special victims unit , said the "  long-term missing " unit began looking into Hatchell 's disappearance in fall 2005 . Earlier , the case had been handled by the local precinct . Watch an update on the case There were two reported sightings of Lisa Hatchell in March 2006 , when tipsters placed her at an apartment complex in Atlanta , Georgia . Philadelphia investigators traveled to Atlanta , but the tips grew cold when an assistant manager at the complex could n't confirm that she had been living there . The trail led back to Atlanta in early 2008 , when another tipster said she might be working as a waitress . Police are also talking to authorities in New Jersey but have developed no solid leads . Darby said the boyfriend , Tyrone Henderson , voluntarily took a polygraph test , but the results have not been made public . Watch how Henderson is still considered a person of interest Henderson , who has moved from the rowhouse he shared with Hatchell , could not be reached . He has not hired a lawyer , police said Hatchell is described as an African-American female standing 5 ' 4 " tall and weighing 135 pounds . She has black hair and black eyes . When she disappeared , she was wearing her hair in a red weave or braids . She has small scars on her ankles from insect bites and a small scar on her neck . She also has double pierced ears and a birthmark on her right thigh . Anyone who can provide information on Lisa Michelle Hatchell 's whereabouts or the identities of the person or people responsible for her disappearance is asked to call the Philadelphia Police Department at 215-685-3251 , 3252 or 3258 .	Search has taken police to Atlanta , Georgia Lisa Michelle Hatchell disappeared on her birthday in 2003 She lived with a boyfriend in Southwest Philadelphia , Pennsylvania Know something ? Call Philadelphia police at 215-685-3258
CNN  -- Brand Beckham is moving from the "  City of Angels " to the "  City of Light . " Soccer star David will take former popstar wife Victoria and their four children back to Europe , with big-spending French club Paris Saint-Germain confirming that the former England captain has passed a medical and signed a short-term deal ahead of Thursday 's transfer deadline . The 37-year-old was later unveiled at a press conference , ending speculation about his next destination following the end of his six-year spell with U.S. MLS team Los Angeles Galaxy in early December . Beckham said he will donate the wages earned during his five-month contract to a children 's charity in Paris . "  It 's something exciting and something I 'm not sure has been done before , " he told reporters , and revealed that his family will be based in his hometown London . He had been linked with a host of clubs around the world but , in the twilight of his career , has decided to join a team on the rise thanks to the injection of hundreds of millions of dollars by its Qatari owners . "  It 's simply a very nice piece of short-term brand alignment that will be mutually beneficial to both parties , " sports business expert Simon Chadwick told CNN . Beckham is one of the world 's most recognisable names , both for his sporting prowess and numerous off-pitch endorsement deals , and his pulling power could provide a valuable income stream for PSG -- which must conform to European football 's financial fair play rules that restrict over-spending by club owners . "  I think it 's very difficult to quantify , " Chadwick said . "  He 's been away from Europe for too long -- he 's now really in his twilight years , we do n't know what part he 'll play in the team , we do n't know how he 'll be used for commercial purposes , we do n't know how the French public will respond . "  And we do n't know how international fans will engage with and consume the PSG/Beckham brand . We may see a spike in activity such as increases in ticket sales , but I am not entirely convinced that there 'll be a significant sustainable stream of revenues . " However , one leading football executive who had unsuccessfully tried to persuade Beckham to join his team said that the midfielder still had a strong role to play on and off the pitch . "  Not only were we looking for a playmaker in midfield but also a leader in the dressing room and someone to set the standards on and off the pitch . Beckham would have brought all that , " the executive told CNN on condition of anonymity . "  Sure Beckham would have ensured exposure and possibly commercial opportunities , but without the quality as a player it would n't have been at all interesting . " Beckham had the chance to join PSG in January 2012 , but opted to stay in the U.S. , ending his American mission with his second MLS Cup title before announcing that he would not fulfill the second year of his contract extension . "  I chose Paris because I can see what the club are trying to do . I can see who the club are trying to bring in , " he said Thursday . "  It 's an exciting city and now there 's a club that 's going to have a lot of success over the next 10 , 20 , 30 years . I 'm very honored I 've been picked to be part of the future of PSG . " One man who saw him up close in the U.S. believes the former Manchester United and Real Madrid star still has what it takes to perform on the big stage . "  At first it is like the marketing -- you bring in him more for the brand than the player , " said former PSG defender Didier Domi , who played in the MLS for New England Revolution in 2011 . "  But when I watched him in the MLS he still has the physical condition to play at the highest level . He likes to compete . On the pitch he can add a lot . "  They are not signing him for his ability to sprint -- it 's his technique and vision . He has that ability to elevate his game depending on the opposition . He can play a part for PSG in both Ligue 1 and Champions League . " "  Les Parisiens " are seeking to win the French title for the first time since 1994 , having been runner-up last season . The club 's owners , the Qatar Investment Authority , have splashed out on top players such as Zlatan Ibrahimovic , Thiago Silva , Javier Pastore and Lucas Moura since taking over in 2011 . Carlo Ancelotti 's team tops the Ligue 1 table on goal difference after 22 of 38 rounds in the 2012-13 campaign , and will play in the knockout phase of Europe 's top club competition in a two-legged tie against Spanish club Valencia on February 12 and March 6 . Former AC Milan coach Ancelotti managed Beckham during the former England captain 's first loan spell with the Serie A club in 2009 . However , Beckham might be struggling to be fit for those matches , according to the manager of English club Arsenal -- who allowed the veteran to train with his squad this month . "  He told me that he does n't look at all to be in shape . Beckham is super-ambitious , " Arsene Wenger told reporters this week . "  If , in his mind , he wanted to play in the Premier League he would not have gone on holiday . He would have prepared and come in and tried to impress me . He told me he has done nothing at all . " Beckham admitted it might take "  a few weeks " to get fully fit . "  It wo n't take long , " he said . He explained that he could not play for another club in England except Manchester United , where he won six Premier League titles and the Champions League before moving to Spain in 2003 . "  It 's the team I support and the team I dreamed of playing for , " said Beckham , who to Manchester as a teenager and progressed through the club 's academy . "  I 'm very honored by the offers I had from other Premier League clubs but I did n't want to play there unless it was for Manchester United . "	David Beckham signs short-term contract at Paris Saint-Germain Soccer icon says he will donate his wages to a Paris children 's charity The 37-year-old ends speculation about his future after leaving L.A. Galaxy He had spent six years in U.S. but decided to end his contract early
CNN  -- "  Who 's the treasurer ? " Brothers Brant and Dylan Ozanich and Wyatt McCall were at a motorcycle shop in Hamilton , Montana , ordering a part for Dylan 's bike when they met two old bikers from Texas and talked with them about their trip across the country . Although they had no treasurer , Brant pointed to McCall to answer the question . "  You guys are going to need this , trust me , " said one of the older men , handing him $ 200 in cash . The three friends , all in their early 20s , admit they looked a little raggedy at the time . "  It was straight kindness , " said McCall , and typical of the generosity of the bikers they met across the country . And it turns out , "  we did need it the next day for more bike repairs . " The generosity of strangers repeated itself during the two-month summer journey of three young men on the cusp of adulthood to find and document Main Street culture and people across the United States . And making the trip on motorcycles connected them not just to the towns and people they visited , but also to the country 's biker community . An exploration of biker culture Contributing their own money and raising funds from family , friends and Kickstarter , the trio started a blog , raised over $ 10,000 to fund the trip and pay for the pre - and post-production costs of documenting their journey . They documented the journey on their blog and the reddit online community , and they hope to have a documentary and book out sometime next year . Traveling on motorcycles turned out to be key . Dylan rode a 1982 Yamaha XJ 750 Seca  $ 500 cost  ; Brant rode a 1980 Yamaha XJ 650 Maxim  $ 500  ; and McCall rode a 1985 Honda V65 Magna  $ 1500 cost  . "  On Maxim , On Magna , On Seca " was a mantra they picked up for the trip . "  We did n't know motorcycles were going to be that much of a connection between people , but they were , " said McCall . "  Every time you get to a new place , you 're part of this new community . " "  With motorcycles you feel the scenery and the microclimate change and smell the fields you drive through , " said Brant . "  Besides , it 's just plain badass . " Finding their first Main Street They packed up their bikes and left around noon on July 6 . They planned to head north , turn east to get to New York , south to Mississippi and then through Texas and the Southwest to return home to California , But they decided not to keep to a strict schedule , allowing for fellow travelers to guide them on their way . It did n't take long to hit pay dirt . A few hours after they hit the road , they found their first Main Street in Point Arena , a small town north of San Francisco . As they hopped off their bikes , the locals they met convinced them to come back the next day for a parade marking Independence Day . "  The whole community came out and let us be a part of it and accepted us into the community , " Dylan said . That serendipity set the tone for the rest of the trip . The best sandwich in Idaho , or anywhere The travelers only had a guarantee of places to stay  and eat  in New York and Los Angeles . Everything else would be an exploration , local recommendations and possibly , information from their not-guaranteed Internet connections . The road led them to a Mennonite deli in Clark Fork , Idaho , that "  made the best sandwiches we 've ever tasted , " said McCall . They bought sandwiches and drove a mile down the road into Montana near a bridge to picnic and more . "  We jumped off the bridge to swim , " Dylan said . And the drive through the Bitterroot Mountain range that cuts Idaho and Montana was n't too shabby either . They also explored the source of their food , working for five days at Echo Valley Farm in Wisconsin in exchange for room and board . "  It was some of the most gorgeous , breathtaking American looking farmland I 've ever seen , with rolling green hills and grain mills , " Brant said . "  It felt like what we were looking for the whole time -- true America heartland . " The farm 's kindness was typical of the people who gave them shelter on their journey . "  We pulled up , three dirty bikers , to this nice sustainable farm , " he said . They "  showed us a nice place to park the bikes , took us on a tractor up around the whole property and told us about everything they were doing . " A willingness of strangers to share their stories was also typical . Shortly after they crossed the Mason Dixon Line into Maryland and found a good campsite at Catoctin Mountain Park , they heard music coming through the woods . "  Was it a violin or cello ? " said McCall , so they went to explore it . They discovered two older Korean men playing songs about Korea on their saxophones . "  We found the coolest guys on the whole trip , " said McCall . Busted shocks and other struggles The trip was n't without its troubles . Dylan 's shocks stopped working somewhere in Montana . "  For a few days I did n't know if my bike would be able to make it , " he said . But they were able to fix it . "  We pulled it all apart in the forest , drained it and put in new fluid . " Brant also had the smallest gas tank , holding a gallon less than the other two bikes . He also had the worst gas mileage . And so he ran out of gas at least five times on the trip , and coasted into gas stations on fumes at least three times . "  I learned toward the end of the trip to carry a water bottle or two of gas . " By the time they arrived home in San Francisco on August 28 , everyone was glad to sleep in their own beds again . "  For the first six days back , McCall was at his girlfriend 's house , and Dylan and I sat on the couch watching movies , " said Brant . ` An adult within my society ' Giving up the benefits of home for a couple months was worth the journey . Dylan left San Francisco thinking it would be a way to transition from his youth to adulthood . Along the way , he hoped to learn "  what it means to be a man in my society . " While he does n't have any specific answers , "  seeing my country and understanding what my country is about ... helped me understand that more . " While Brant has always liked to travel and experience new things , he thought he would graduate college , get a job and save for his next planned trip . Not anymore . "  Being out there in America on the road , and roughing it , inspired me to book a plane ticket to South America with my last $ 400 , " he said . "  I thought , ` If you did this , you can do pretty much anything without a lot of resources . ' " McCall , who had graduated in May not knowing what he wanted to do , thinks travel and video may be his calling .  And he learned how to ride a motorcycle along the way . The three friends credit each other with making it an amazing experience . "  We did get in fights and have problems , but we would n't have been able to do it without each other , " said Dylan . "  Every different leg of the trip , there was one pushing , one dragging and one on a stretcher , " he said . "  It would change every single day . " "  We would n't have made it across the country and back without the others . "	Three young men set out to discover America from their motorcycle seats The best meal of the trip was n't in Seattle , New York City or Los Angeles A national park in Maryland delivered a surprising musical interlude
CNN  -- When Youssef Boutros Ghali slipped into the role of Egypt 's finance minister in 2004 , the country 's economy was poised for rapid growth . Youssef Boutros Ghali is a strong advocate of economic reform in Egypt After spending the previous ten years hovering around the four percent mark , gross domestic product  GDP  jumped to 5.6 percent  2004/2005  . By the end of 2007 , it had shot up to 7.1 percent . According to the International Monetary Fund , the end of 2004 marked the start of Egypt 's "  growth spurt . " Between then and March 2007 , 2.4 million jobs were created , reducing unemployment to nine percent . Money from the Gulf flowed in , pushing up land prices and driving Egypt 's stock market to a record high . The benchmark index , the CASE 30 , rose 51 percent in 2007 and continued to climb in the first few weeks of 2008 . This year , Egypt topped the World Bank 's list of "  reformers " : countries where it has become easier to do business . However , with growth has come inflation . In March 2007 , the Consumer Price Index  CPI  peaked at 12.8 percent . The government says it 's since fallen to around eight percent , but some analysts are skeptical of official figures , saying the real number could be much higher . Egypt 's also facing a groundswell of criticism from poorer members of society who say they 're not seeing any benefits from the economic boom . According to the World Bank , 17 percent of the population is living in poverty , surviving on less than one dollar a day . In the past few years , Egypt has started selling off state assets , partly to raise money for social programs . One of the biggest sales came in 2006 with the $ 1.6 billion auction of 80 percent of the Bank of Alexandria to Italian bank San Paolo . Charles Hodson spoke with Egyptian Finance Minister Youssef Boutros Ghali in London , and asked him whether there was still the political will within Egypt to continue with such large-scale privatizations . YBG  : The political will is there . The question is , do we still have such large-scale privatizations ? What we have created is the momentum for a private sector presence in Egypt ; a significant , important dominant private sector in Egypt . We would like them to lead but we ca n't flood them with all sorts of assets that they may or may not want to buy . So we as the private sector is willing and we will provide them with the assets . But we 're pretty soon going to be running out of private assets to privatize . CH  : The proportion of people who are living in absolute poverty in Egypt is approaching 20 percent . What kind of pressure does that impose on you as you formulate this kind of policy ? YBG  : We are deeply concerned about those in Egyptian society that are not touched by the reform directly , and as you say there are people who are below the poverty line , reaching almost 20 percent . These reform programs will trickle down , but they will not trickle down overnight . We have complaints in Egypt . A lot of those who are less privileged are complaining . They are complaining very loudly . What makes it worse is that we feel for them . We know that they are right to complain , and we know that they deserve some of the fruits of the reform . CH  : Take something like opening up markets , which is something you 've done . You 've earned praise from UNCTAD , the relevant UN body , and of course from the World Bank . But that is n't going to help the average Egyptian living in absolute poverty , or certainly not for a while . YBG  : In Egypt , we have been blessed with an economy that is flexible , that responded quickly . As soon as we took the basic structure of measure of tax and tariff reforms the economy responded right away . Our investment , our foreign direct investment went from $ 450 million dollars a year to $ 11 billion in under three years . This is a quick response . Now we 're hoping that we will have an equally quick response in reaching to the underprivileged . CH  : So reform is clearly a good word in Egypt , but so far only on the economic scale . Is there a feeling that it has to flow over into the political sphere , that there has to be political reform ? YBG  : It already has spilled over into the political sphere . It has been spilling over in the political sphere for the past five , six , seven years . The dynamics are different in the political sphere . It 's a lot more difficult to get the political reforms we want than it is to get the economic ones . Both -- and I can state this with confidence -- both are equally important ; they just happen to move with different dynamics . E-mail to a friend	As Egypt 's finance minister , Youssef Boutros Ghali has pushed for reform Egypt 's economy grew 7.1 percent in 2007 , inflation still a concern World Bank : 17 percent of Egyptian population living in poverty Ghali : "  We know that they deserve some of the fruits of the reform "
CNN  -- A court in Egypt has sentenced to death more than 500 supporters of the now-banned Muslim Brotherhood following violence that broke out in the southern city of Minya last August . The Egyptian Foreign Ministry puts the number of those sentenced at 529 . A single policeman was killed . Only 147 of the defendants were reportedly in court Monday . Sixteen people were also acquitted at the hearing . Another 683 defendants -- including the Muslim Brotherhood 's spiritual leader Mohamed Badie -- appeared before the same judge Tuesday in relation to the unrest . Their case was adjourned until April 28 . CNN spoke to its correspondent in Cairo , Ian Lee , independent Egyptian journalist Shahira Amin and Egyptian legal historian Khaled Fahmy about Monday 's mass sentence . What happened in Minya ? A police officer was murdered during the pro-Morsy riots in Minya last August . The violence followed a deadly crackdown by security forces on two Cairo sit-ins being held by supporters of former Islamist President Mohamed Morsy . Morsy , Egypt 's first democratically elected president , had been toppled in a military coup in July 2013 . Defense lawyer Khaled El-Komi told CNN the charges against the defendants appearing Tuesday include breaking into a police station , attempted murder , disturbing public peace and public order . The death sentence imposed on 529 people -- will it be carried out ? Lee said it was "  highly unlikely " that all those sentenced to death would be executed . He said Egypt had a large appeals process and the country 's chief Islamic authority -- the Grand Mufti -- also had to approve the death sentences . Many death sentences in Egypt are later reduced , or overturned , Lee said . "  When you hear something like this , well it is shocking , but you do have to step back and say there 's a lot between the sentencing and the execution . " Fahmy also said it was most likely the sentences would be appealed and revised . "  With regard those on the run , they automatically have the right for an entire new trial , in addition to the right of appeal following the issuance of the sentence , " he said . Ahmed Shabib , a lawyer representing some of those sentenced to death , said that they would appeal the verdict after the Grand Mufti had made his decision allowing the court to announce its final ruling -- set for April 28 . How was the trial conducted ? The Minya court has been criticized for taking just two sessions to reach its verdict against the 529 people convicted . "  Never before has a court issued such a large number of death sentences in such a short period of time -- only two sessions , " Fahmy said . The Egyptian news organization Ahram Online said the court had issued its verdict " -- the biggest capital punishment verdict in the history of the Egyptian judiciary -- without hearing the defense arguments . " El-Komi told CNN his team of lawyers were n't allowed inside the courtroom . He said they did n't have any time to plead the case or review the evidence as the first procedural session was on Saturday , before being postponed until Monday -- when the verdict was issued . One defendant told CNN he had n't been summoned for questioning by the prosecution or by the court for the trial . The man , who requested anonymity , said he had n't been in Minya during the incident . The verdict was "  unjust " he said and the accusations "  invalid . " Another defendant -- who also asked not to be named -- told CNN he had been at home during the violence . He said he believed he had been added to the list of defendants just because he was a member of the anti-coup alliance . Ten members of the alliance had also died that day , he claimed , and no one had been held accountable . How does the sentence compare to others ? Fahmy said the court 's ruling made a "  mockery of the entire Egyptian legal system . " "  As a historian of the Egyptian legal system , I can confidently say that this court ruling is a travesty of justice , " he said . "  Never before in Egypt 's long history has there ever been a ruling so obscene in its contradiction of the very principles of justice . " Fahmy described the ruling as "  particularly perverse " as it handed down death sentences against 529 defendants accused of killing a single police officer . Journalist Amin said the sentence was "  ridiculous and a grave injustice . " "  Ridiculous because it 's not possible that 529 people can murder a police officer -- which was one of the charges against the defendants . The other charge is less serious of course -- destruction of public property -- and does n't deserve a death sentence . " Amin said the judiciary was displaying double standards . She pointed to the death of Khaled Said in 2010 , whose alleged brutal beating by security forces is said to have been one of the factors behind the 2011 revolution that led to the ousting of then-President Hosni Mubarak . "  The killer of Khaled Said got a 10-year prison sentence , " she said . Meantime , Ahram Online pointed to the sentencing of a police officer to 10 years imprisonment for the deaths of 37 Islamists in a police van last year as a "  sharply contrasting verdict . " How has the Egyptian public reacted to the verdicts ? Amin said the verdict had been received with shock . "  The harsh sentence came as a big shock to me and many others including Egypt 's liberals , many of whom oppose the Muslim Brotherhood , " said journalist Amin . "  Morsy 's supporters are calling it a ` death penalty for the judicial system in Egypt ' , " she said . "  You still find supporters of the military who say that they deserve it , these are terrorists . That 's because the country is extremely and deeply polarized and anyone seen to show sympathy -- even remotely -- for the Muslim Brotherhood is labeled a traitor and accused of being one of them , " she said . Fahmy said he had little doubt that the ruling was politically motivated . "  It is as if the judge wanted to appease the military rulers of the country who decided to wage a ` War on Terror ' and have declared the Muslim Brotherhood a terrorist organization , " he said . Fahmy claimed the sentence had made "  a mockery of the entire Egyptian legal system , " and in the process undermines a fundamental pillar of society -- the very principle that the regime is accusing the Muslim Brotherhood of doing . "  In other words , if there is anyone who is undermining the stability of the Egyptian state , it is the judiciary and its incessant desire to appease the military and the police , " he said . Amin said it was "  clear that courts are being used to settle political scores . " "  The courts are one more battleground for the political standoff between the military backed authorities and the Islamist group , " she said . "  So basically , the verdict is a threat to Muslim Brotherhood supporters -- and also to opponents of the regime in general -- that there 's zero tolerance for dissent . " Lee said the verdict can be seen as part of the ongoing crackdown on the Muslim Brotherhood and their supporters in which hundreds have died and thousands arrested . The irony , he said , is that while 529 people were sentenced to death over the killing of one police officer and attempted murder of another , no one has been held accountable for the deaths of hundreds of protesters . How has Egypt 's government responded ? Egypt 's government , through its foreign ministry , stressed the independence of the country 's judiciary in a statement to CNN . "  The Egyptian government would like to affirm that the Egyptian judiciary is entirely independent and is not influenced in any way by the executive branch of government , as dictated by the democratic principle of separation of powers , " the ministry said . The ministry pointed out that the Minya sentence had been issued by an independent court "  after careful study of the case ; that it was only the first verdict in the trial process ; and that the defendants would be able to contest the verdict in the Court of Cassation . " What about the Muslim Brotherhood ? The Muslim Brotherhood issued a statement saying the sentence "  violates judicial norms . " "  The shocking and unprecedented sentencing of 529 Muslim Brotherhood supporters without due process is evidently inhumane and a clear violation of all norms of humane and legal justice , " it said in a statement on its website . "  The verdict is yet another clear indication that the corrupt judiciary is being utilized by the coup commanders to suppress the Egyptian revolution and install a brutal regime which has already surpassed decades long of oppression and tyranny in Egypt 's history . " In December , Egypt 's interim government officially declared the Muslim Brotherhood a terrorist organization . It said anyone who was a member would be punished , as would those found to be giving the group financial support . What 's happened to Mohamed Morsy ? Morsy , the former head of the Muslim Brotherhood 's political arm , was elected president in 2012 . Shortly after winning , he resigned from the Muslim Brotherhood and its Freedom and Justice Party in an effort to show that he would represent all Egyptians . But he was ousted in a coup in July 2013 amid widespread protests against his rule , with opponents accusing him of pursuing an Islamist agenda and excluding other factions from the government . Morsy and other Brotherhood leaders were rounded up after the coup and now face a variety of counts , including organizing attacks on Egyptian troops in the Sinai Peninsula and fueling "  sectarian sedition with the aim of igniting civil war in Egypt . " 529 sentenced to death in Egypt Muslim Brotherhood banned What is the Muslim Brotherhood Lawyers in Muslim Brotherhood case seek new judges	On March 24 , an Egyptian court sentenced 529 people to death over violence in the city of Minya Last August , a policeman was murdered in riots after a crackdown on pro-Morsy sit-ins The sentences need to be approved by Egypt 's Grand Mufti and can be appealed The length of the trial and severity of the sentences have sparked criticism
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Investigators are looking into whether employees at the Los Angeles County coroner 's office illegally leaked information about Michael Jackson 's death probe to the news media , according to a sheriff 's spokesman . Police stand outside the Los Angeles County Coroner 's Office when Michael Jackson 's body was there in June . Vivid descriptions of Jackson 's corpse , which was in the coroner 's custody for an autopsy , were published by tabloid newspapers in the days after his death . The Los Angeles County Supervisors office on Friday asked the sheriff to conduct a "  preliminary inquiry , " which will determine whether there is enough evidence to launch a full investigation , said Steve Whitmore , a sheriff 's spokesman . Whitmore did not provide details on what prompted the request . The Los Angeles Times quoted Los Angeles County Supervisor Mark Ridley-Thomas as saying his office called the sheriff 's department after reports that coroner 's employees not involved in the Jackson death probe had viewed his death certificate in the office database . Ridley-Thomas has not responded to CNN requests for comment . The coroner 's office is investigating the cause of Jackson 's June 25 death . It has been waiting on toxicology lab results , but a final autopsy report is expected as soon as next week , a coroner 's spokesman has said . Los Angeles police are also investigating the death . Detectives traveled to Houston , Texas , this week to search the medical office of Dr. Conrad Murray , Jackson 's personal doctor . CNN 's Sonya Hamasaki contributed to this report	Vivid descriptions of Jackson 's corpse are published by tabloid newspapers L.A. officials ask sheriff to conduct preliminary inquiry A sheriff 's spokesman did not say what prompted the request The coroner 's office is investigating the cause of Jackson 's June 25 death
