CNN  -- Spain 's Dani Pedrosa continued his hot streak by claiming pole for the Italian MotoGP Saturday on his Repsol Honda . Pedrosa , who won last weekend 's German round of the championship , clocked one minute 47.284 seconds on the Mugello circuit to edge out compatriot Jorge Lorenzo on his Yamaha . It was the 26-year-old Pedrosa 's 21st pole in MotoGP and he benefited from a mechanical problem with Lorenzo 's bike at the end of the session . On his last flying lap , Lorenzo came to a halt and had to settle for second quickest . "  I had engine problems in the final corners and I had to stop , " said Lorenzo , who leads Pedrosa by 26 points in the title standings . "  We have to correct this problem before tomorrow , " he told the official MotoGP website . Reigning champion Casey Stoner , who crashed out in Germany on the last lap when in second place , could only manage fifth place behind teammate Pedrosa . It left the way clear for Hector Barbera of Spain on his Ducati to take third on the grid and start on the front row Sunday with Pedrosa and Lorenzo . Nicky Hayden of the United States was fourth fastest , outqualfying his Ducati teammate Valentino Rossi , who was only 10th best . Pedrosa was delighted with his performance , but warned that he faced tough opposition from Lorenzo in particular on race day . "  I 'm quite happy with the set up of my bike , we 've had better grip today and I 'm pretty confident . "  But we have to keep very focused and push at the maximum because Lorenzo has an incredible pace . "	Dani Pedrosa of Spain on pole for Italian MotoGP Fastest time of one minute 47.284 seconds at Mugello Championship leader Jorge Lorenzo second fastest Defending title holder Casey Stoner fifth best
CNN  -- The associate men 's basketball coach at Syracuse University on Friday called allegations that he inappropriately touched two boys starting more than 20 years ago "  patently false in every aspect . " The university placed Bernie Fine on administrative leave Thursday after the accusations surfaced . Bobby Davis , 39 , a former ball boy for the school 's basketball team , told ESPN on Thursday evening that Fine molested him "  hundreds of times " over the course of 16 years , starting from when he was in the fifth or sixth grade . Davis told university officials six years ago that he informed Syracuse , New York , police that he had been "  subjected to inappropriate contact by an associate men 's basketball coach " during the 1980s and 1990s , according to university Senior Vice President Kevin C. Quinn . Police had originally told Davis that they would not pursue the case because the statute of limitations had expired , Quinn said in a statement Thursday . On hearing of the allegations in 2005 , the university launched its own investigation through its legal counsel , Quinn said . "  That nearly four-month-long investigation included a number of interviews with people the complainant said would support his claims . All of those identified by the complainant denied any knowledge of wrongful conduct by the associate coach . The associate coach also vehemently denied the allegations . " Had the school found evidence or corroboration of the allegations , it would have terminated the associate coach and reported the case to the police , the statement said . But Davis ' stepbrother , Mike Lang , 45 , told ESPN on Thursday that Fine also molested him "  15 to 20 times , " kick-starting a new police investigation . "  I did n't feel right about it and told him , ` Bernie , do n't do that to me , ' but he kept doing it again and again , " Lang , also once a ball boy for the team , told ESPN . In a statement Friday , Fine again denied the newest claims against him , saying "  simply put , these allegations are patently false in every aspect . ... I am confident that , as in the past , a review of these allegations will be discredited and restore my reputation . " Police say they reopened the investigation after Lang came forward . Quinn said the university "  will cooperate fully " with the investigation . Davis alleged that Fine started touching him inappropriately when he was in sixth grade or so , at about age 10 or 11 . The touching included rubbing his genitals and occurred at Fine 's home , at university basketball facilities and during road trips , Davis said on ESPN 's "  Outside the Lines . " "  I did n't feel right about it , " he said . "  He 'd do it again and again . ... Made you feel odd . " Syracuse head basketball coach Jim Boeheim defended Fine . "  This matter was fully investigated by the university in 2005 , and it was determined that the allegations were unfounded , " he said in a statement . "  I have known Bernie Fine for more than 40 years . I have never seen or witnessed anything to suggest that he would been involved in any of the activities alleged . Had I seen or suspected anything , I would have taken action . Bernie has my full support . " Former player Gerry McNamara will fill in for Fine while he is on leave , Boeheim said Friday . CNN 's Tom Watkins and Jake Carpenter contributed to this report .	NEW : Fine is "  confident ... allegations will be discredited " Fine was placed on administrative leave Thursday Two men say they were subject to inappropriate contact as ball boys in 1980s and 1990s "  Bernie has my full support , " head coach Jim Boeheim says
CNN  -- Swedish car manufacturer Saab , a fully owned subsidiary of General Motors , announced Friday that it will "  file for reorganization ... to create a fully independent business entity . " The Swedish car maker says a formal reorganization is the best way to create an "  entity that 's ready for investment . " Under the Swedish court system , an independent administrator will be appointed to work closely with the Saab management team to formulate a reorganization proposal , which will be presented to creditors within three weeks of the filing . Saab said it will continue to operate as usual and in accordance with the formal reorganization process , with the government providing some support during this period . "  We explored and will continue to explore all available options for funding and/or selling Saab and it was determined a formal reorganization would be the best way to create a truly independent entity that is ready for investment , " said Jan Ake Jonsson , managing director for Saab Automobile . "  Saab has an excellent foundation for strong growth , assuming we can get the funding to complete engineering , tooling and manage launch costs . Reorganization will give us the time and means that help get these products to market , while minimizing the liquidity impact of Saab on GM . " General Motors said this week that it plans shed tens of thousands of employees , close factories , cut product lines and wants billions of dollars in government funding to stave off bankruptcy . When all is said and done , GM said that by 2011 it could need a total of $ 30 billion , which includes the $ 13.4 billion in Treasury loans it has already received . In the near term , GM will most certainly need $ 9.1 billion in additional loans and could require an additional $ 7.5 billion in the next two years if auto sales do n't improve .	Independent adminstrator appointed to form Saab reorganization plan Auto maker says plan considered to be the best way to attract future funding Saab is a fully owned subsidiary of ailing U.S. auto maker General Motors GM is fighting to stave off bankruptcy with job cuts , U.S. Treasury loans
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Dressed head to toe in black , designer Isaac Mizrahi is wearing an outfit that seems to contradict his personality -- and his usual fashion flair . Isaac Mizrahi has earned four awards from the Council of Fashion Designers of America . "  I always start with color when I 'm designing things . Always . If the color is right , I feel better , " he touts on his Web site . But Mizrahi has an explanation for his less than colorful attire on a recent visit to CNN Center in Atlanta . "  We have this very quick trip , and we have to go right back and there 's no time to pack and we ca n't check luggage ... so I focused it to black , gray and white . " It 's just one more style tip you can pick up from Mizrahi 's new book "  How to Have Style "  Gotham  . Despite the slightly audacious title , Mizrahi , who has won four awards from the Council of Fashion Designers of America , has earned the right to tell women how to dress . For five years , the New York fashion designer has been selling low-priced clothing and home furnishings at Target . But with his new book comes a new job -- as the creative director of Liz Claiborne . CNN talked to Mizrahi about his love for theater , the most common fashion mistakes and why bad flowers are never OK . The following is an edited version of that interview : CNN : You started in acting at the High School of the Performing Arts . How do you combine that love and your love for design ? Isaac Mizrahi : Well , you know what , I think it 's all theater . I think that fashion is a form of entertainment . And I think that these days , as a fashion designer , it 's almost like you represent a political party or something . Like women say , "  Oh , that 's a brand name I associate with because I 've worn it before . I love it . It seems to fulfill who I am really easily . " Whatever it is , she knows that it just makes her life really easy so she associates with it , you know ? And in the end , I am like this personality that represents that . Watch Mizrahi talk about his new book " But more than that , I have designs -LSB- in -RSB- the entertainment business . There 's a movie called "  Unzipped " about me that was a really successful movie . I had two TV series . I design costumes constantly for theater and ballet and opera . So to me it 's all one big world . It 's seamless to me . CNN : What 's your daily schedule like ? It has to be crazy with all that you do . Mizrahi : It changes every day , and I really like that . There 's a base to it . I wake up , I go swimming every day , and I eat the same breakfast almost every single day . But when I get to work is when it changes up . Some days I work in the showroom ; some days I work in the design room ; some days I actually work in my own private studio , where I just do sketches and sketches and sketches . Other days I work in the TV studio taping segments and my Web show . I do n't really love travel . I feel like it really disrupts what I love doing most , which is this creation , you know what I mean ? When I finally let myself enjoy it , I can enjoy traveling . But it takes a great agony for me to separate from New York City and my studios and the people that I work with . CNN : Say you 're walking down the street . What 's the most common style error that you see in people ? Mizrahi : I see a lot , a lot , a lot of bad hair . I would say that 's the most common style error I see is bad hair . You know people have excuses for bad shoes -- because you know some people have back problems , it is the street and they 're walking and walking and walking -- but I do think that people have no excuse for bad hair . Because you know what ? There 's a hat , if your hair is really that bad that day . But I always think that women should be encouraged to spend a lot of money on their hair . It 's like you should spend your most money ... on your hair . You 'd think I had a chain of hair salons , but I do n't . -LSB- Laughter -RSB- . CNN : What about in home furnishing ? You do a line for Target that 's ending this year . What 's the most common mistake people make there ? Mizrahi : You know what it is with people ? I think people get lazy when it comes to being at home -- they leave things around . I like to think about cabinets . I like to put things away as much as possible . It 's like salt shakers on the table ? No . You put the salt shakers in a cabinet , and the table looks so much better when it 's plain . You know what I mean ? And people just think that bad flowers are better than nothing , but I disagree with that . I think that nothing is way better than bad flowers . You either have gorgeous , gorgeous flowers , or you have no flowers . Like at a dinner party , I prefer no flowers usually to the flowers that people have on the table . That 's awful , but it 's true . CNN : How has your personal style evolved over time ? Mizrahi : It 's gotten a lot quieter , my personal style . I used to dress , dress , dress , dress , dress , and I do n't know , I dress in a very particular way now and it 's almost like clockwork . And every once in a while I break out and do something crazy . CNN : Can you describe your personality for me , and how it affects your style ? Mizrahi : I do n't know . It 's very hard to describe one 's personality . I ca n't say about my personality , but I like to think that I 'm very exposed to what 's going on out there in the world culturally , and that 's what influences my design . It 's kind of like here 's the 360 degrees of what 's going on -LSB- in -RSB- the world culturally , you know ? Socioeconomically , culturally , and here 's my response to it . Here 's what the clothes look like ; here 's what you should be wearing . And it 's kind of like a wonderful edge , you 're standing , and yet there 's room enough in there for your own interpretation or to move in one direction or another . Oh ! Here 's a good description of my personality : claustrophobic . I am very claustrophobic . I do n't like to commit to one thing necessarily , but when I do commit to it , it 's whole and complete .	Designer Isaac Mizrahi moving from Target to creative director at Liz Claiborne Mizrahi says he believes "  bad hair " is the most common style mistake Designer says he prefers no flowers to "  bad " ones Mizrahi admits he has a "  claustrophobic " personality
CNN  -- A young woman , her face wet with tears , stares into the lens of a video camera . "  Believe me when I tell you , " she says , her voice breaking , "  that if this was n't necessary , that if my dad knew that he could make us survive in Mexico , he would have never brought us here . " She and two other young people , all of whom live in Los Angeles , are the subjects of Eliot Rausch 's new film "  Limbo . " The 19-minute film was to premiere Friday in New York as part of the 2012 Vimeo Festival + Awards . Held every 18 months , the event is hosted by video-sharing site Vimeo to celebrate the Internet as a medium for film and bring together members of the Vimeo community who interact regularly online but rarely meet . Vimeo reports more than 8 million users and more than 65 million unique visitors per month . "  So much in our daily lives now , we only meet people online , " said festival co-director Jeremy Boxer . "  We wanted to do something that was a hybrid between a conference and a film festival . " An emerging showcase for online film , this year 's festival features lectures by industry veterans like filmmaker Ed Burns and Academy Award-nominated documentarian Lucy Walker plus workshops and screenings . Thirteen films were selected for top awards out of a pool of 14,567 submissions from 147 countries . A panel of judges , including Rausch and actors Aziz Ansari and James Franco , chose which films received the $ 5,000 prizes . The festival 's $ 25,000 grand prize was awarded Thursday night to directing collective Everynone for its lyrical three-minute film , "  Symmetry . " All the award winners -- films must be no longer than 20 minutes -- can be viewed online . "  Limbo " will be posted on Vimeo within the next few days , said Deborah Szajngarten , the site 's global communications director . From ` Oden ' to ` Limbo ' Rausch won the grand prize at the first Vimeo Festival + Awards , held in late 2010 , for his short film "  Last Minutes with Oden . " The film documents ex-convict Jason Wood 's emotions as he must euthanize his beloved dog , Oden , who had been suffering from cancer . A poignant chronicle of love between human and pet , it has been viewed on Vimeo 2.5 million times . But after winning the award , Rausch felt guilty . "  I think the project was exploiting the life of a friend and his suffering , " he said . So , in the months that followed , Rausch came up with the idea to use his $ 25,000 prize money to create a film that might empower his subjects instead of simply chronicling their struggles . Rausch , 30 , was working with students who benefit from the California DREAM Act when he stumbled upon the spark for "  Limbo . " The DREAM Act  Development , Relief , and Education for Alien Minors  , a legal means of providing paperless illegal-immigrant youth access to higher education and financial aid , was signed into California law in October 2011 . The federal version of the bill , which has stalled in the Senate , may become a divisive issue in the presidential election . Three "  Dreamers " caught Rausch 's attention when they shared their life stories with him last year in a private meeting . All three are undocumented teenagers from Mexico who are living with family members in East Los Angeles , Rausch said . "  All three of them came over the border -LSB- between Mexico and the United States -RSB- illegally at a very young age where they did n't have a choice , " he said . He declined to reveal names or other personal details about his subjects , who risk deportation . Rausch saw a film taking shape from the narratives of the man and the two young women but could n't figure out how to construct it . Then he noticed the first-person video being posted online during last year 's Arab Spring uprisings in Egypt and elsewhere , and it occurred to him that he could give his three subjects the tools to tell their own story . Last September , Rausch gave them point-and-shoot video cameras and asked that they use them to document their lives . "  I quickly realized that the technology is there , that each individual is becoming his or her own journalist , " Rausch said . "  I thought , could there be a chance to empower the subject matter themselves to capture the story ? Could they present their own film ? And I could just step out of the way and be there as a teacher ? " This approach , Rausch believes , is in keeping with our mobile digital age , in which every person with a smartphone or a Flip camera is a potential journalist . "  We 're in a time where all these resources and tools are available to everybody , " agreed Boxer , the festival director . ` Giving the voiceless a voice ' After an introduction to filmmaking and three months of daily shooting , the three apprentice filmmakers presented Rausch with more than 100 hours of intimate , sometimes gut-wrenching footage . One young narrator used her video camera to document her family 's painful search for her father after his arrest and deportation to Mexico . Since he was deported , she and her family members have been trying to support themselves by baking and selling bread . "  I know that under the law what we 're doing -LSB- being in the U.S. illegally -RSB- is a crime , " says the teary young woman in the film . "  But we 're just trying to survive . " She said the ordeal has given her new respect for her mother . "  She 's the strongest woman I 've ever known . No matter what life throws at her , she 's always been able to get up . " The woman , who wants to be a lawyer , said that documenting herself on video was a learning process . "  It was hard , " she said . "  I did n't want to take the camera at times . " The other young woman in the film also hopes to become a lawyer , while the man aspires to be a journalist , Rausch said . He and producer Mark Schwartz spent countless hours pruning down the trio 's footage to make the film . Rausch said he did n't make "  Limbo " as a political statement about the hot-button issue of immigration . "  It was more about giving the voiceless a voice , " he said . While he ceded control of the narrative to the students , Rausch still assigns his own meaning to the final cut . "  It 's ultimately a social experiment , " he said . Rausch said he hopes "  Limbo " can represent a new , unfiltered form of cinematic storytelling . "  We 're at a point in time now where myself , documentarians and filmmakers should start finding ways to actually empower the story to tell itself rather than putting our own spin on it , " he said . "  So let 's find ways to purify , simplify and get to the core of the experience rather than waiting for the perfect production or perfect way to articulate it . " After "  Last Minutes with Oden , " his conscience has been appeased . "  I know for a moment in time , -LSB- these -RSB- three teens felt valued , " he said . "  Their voices were heard and I can sleep OK tonight . "	"  Limbo " was to premiere Friday in New York as part of the 2012 Vimeo Festival + Awards The short film by Eliot Rausch chronicles the lives of three young illegal immigrants A previous Rausch film , "  Last Minutes with Oden , " has been viewed 2.5 million times Thirteen films were selected for top Vimeo awards out of a pool of 14,567 submissions
CNN  -- President Obama lauded the U.S. military in Baghdad on Tuesday during an unannounced visit to Iraq , reminding troops that the next 18 months will be difficult as the United States plans to start withdrawing its forces . President Obama greets troops during a visit to Camp Victory on Tuesday . "  I was just discussing this with your commander , but I think it 's something that all of you know . It is time for us to transition to the Iraqis , " Obama said , according to a transcript from the White House . "  They need to take responsibility for their country and for their sovereignty . "  And in order for them to do that , they have got to make political accommodations . They 're going to have to decide that they want to resolve their differences through constitutional means and legal means . They are going to have to focus on providing government services that encourage confidence among their citizens . " Obama reiterated that Iraqis must do those things themselves , and "  we ca n't do it for them . " "  But what we can do is make sure that we are a stalwart partner , that we are working alongside them , that we are committed to their success , " he added . Watch Obama thank the troops " Obama said that in terms of training the Iraqi security forces , the U.S. must make sure "  they know that they have a steady partner with us . " Obama 's visit to Iraq was the last stop on his first trip overseas as president . The president thanked the troops for giving Iraq "  the opportunity to stand on its own as a democratic country . " Read the transcript The president addressed about 1,500 service members , civilians and contractors who gathered in the rotunda of the Al Faw Palace , one of dozens of palaces that were used by former Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein . The palace is now headquarters for the Multi-National Corps . Obama last month announced the United States ' plan to withdraw most of its troops from Iraq by the end of August 2010 . A residual force of between 35,000 to 50,000 troops will remain until December 31 , 2011 . There are 142,000 American troops in Iraq now . Gen. Ray Odierno , the top U.S. commander in Iraq , met Obama shortly after Air Force One landed Tuesday in Baghdad at about 4:42 p.m. . The troops "  are doing extraordinary work , " Obama said shortly after landing . "  They 're just putting their heart and soul into this . " About 600 troops assembled to greet the president at Camp Victory , near the Baghdad airport . Yassin Majid , the spokesman for Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki , said Obama met with the prime minister , and they discussed bilateral relations and other issues . Obama also was to meet with Iraqi President Jalal Talabani and the nation 's two vice presidents . Ali Jalal , a businessman , called Obama 's visit "  a good sign to Iraqi people , and will solve the political crisis . " "  If God wills , he -LSB- Obama -RSB- should know that Iraq belongs to Iraqis , " Jalal said , then added , "  I ask the U.S. President Barack Obama to solve the problems of Iraqi people and to speed up the withdrawal of U.S. troops . " Government employee Nazar Sami-a said , "  His visit is for Americans ' interest and not for Iraqi interest . " Obama arrived in Europe last week for a series of summits , initially meeting with world leaders at the G-20 summit in London , England , to discuss the global financial crisis . At the NATO summit in France and Germany , the president was hoping to get a boost in resources for the war in Afghanistan . He did get allies to pledge about 5,000 troops , but in the form of police and security trainers , not combat troops . During the campaign season , Obama visited Iraq on a multi-stop overseas trip . That trip also included stops in Afghanistan , Jordan , Israel , Germany , France and the United Kingdom . A new CNN/Opinion Research Corporation poll found that 79 percent of Americans surveyed feel that Obama has had a "  more positive " effect on how people in other countries view the United States . Only 19 percent of those surveyed thought he 's had a "  more negative " effect . The poll also indicated that only 35 percent of Americans currently approve of the U.S. war in Iraq ; 65 percent disapprove . Almost seven in 10 Americans agree with Obama 's plan to remove most U.S. troops from Iraq by next August , while leaving a residual force of between 35,000 and 50,000 troops . CNN 's Ed Henry and Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	NEW : Obama says Iraq needs to take responsibility for its sovereignty NEW : Obama thanks troops for giving Iraq the chance to "  stand on its own " Obama arrived in Europe last week for a series of summits Poll shows 79 percent of Americans feel Obama improving U.S. image abroad
CNN  -- Efforts continued Friday to cope with fallout from flooding that " s rocked the Rocky Mountain state -- including more airlifts of stranded residents , discoveries of oil spills and a plea to one town 's residents to stay away until E. coli is cleared from their tap water . The number of confirmed dead throughout Colorado from the flooding that began last week stood at seven Friday , just as it was a day earlier . Another three people are presumed dead in Larimer County , which straddles the Wyoming border . Another 82 people there were still unaccounted for as of Friday afternoon , county sheriff 's office spokesman John Schulz said . Then there 's the sizable toll flooding has had on buildings , roads and bridges , as well as the natural surroundings that in many ways define Colorado . "  We 're about to embark on a rebuilding effort that is truly epic in scale , " Gov. John Hickenlooper said Thursday . This includes oil and gas that leaked in lakes , rivers , streams and more as the floods rolled in . Colorado 's Oil and Gas Association , the industry 's trade association , said no fracking operations were underway when the floods hit -- meaning "  no fracking fluids , no chemicals associated with fracking , nor equipment were on sites at the time of the flooding . " Yet as of Friday morning -- at which point about 70 % of the impacted area still had n't been assessed -- state authorities were tracking 11 locations with a sheen or other evidence of leaked oil and gas . This is in addition to at least five sizable releases of oil , including two recently confirmed into the South Platte River near Evans , state Department of Natural Resources spokesman Todd Hartman said Friday . Four of these instances  the other is still being assessed  involved the release of about 22,000 gallons of oil , according to Hartman . Moreover , production equipment at one PDC energy location was "  largely washed away , " though authorities do n't yet know how much fuel went with it . And a Colorado Oil and Gas Conversation Commission aerial survey conducted on Thursday found as many as two dozen fuel tanks overturned . Tap water has been turned off for Lyons , a town of about 2,000 people located some 17 miles north of Boulder that was decimated by the floods , after tests showed the bacteria Escherichia coli , better known as E. coli . While most E. coli strains are harmless and live in healthy humans and animals ' intestines , the bacteria can cause diarrhea , urinary tract infections , pneumonia and other illness when passed through contaminated water or food , according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . "  There has been a breach , and we do n't want you using any of the water , " Lyons town administrator Victoria Simonsen said at a public meeting Thursday . " ... It 's critical we get that back up and get it disinfected before we would ... want any of you to be back . " Such environmental issues , as well as the personal impact on thousands of families , stem from a torrential rains that fell September 12 in mountainous areas north of Denver -- more than nine inches , in some places . Such downpours persisted for several more days , adding up to 18.1 inches in parts of Boulder County and 15.6 inches in Adams County , Hickenlooper 's office said . The heavy rainfall spurred flash floods that turned picturesque canyons into funnels that deluged towns downstream and left hundreds stranded . More than a week later , many remained marooned Friday -- cut off from the rest of the world thanks to floodwaters that wiped out roads and bridges . Rescuers resumed airlifts Friday to pluck out those stuck in their homes , according to Schulz . He did n't have a number of those flown out for the day . But on Thursday , Nick Christensen -- also with the Larimer County Sheriff 's Office -- said nearly 1,200 people had been airlifted out of the mountains , with nearly 200 more choosing to stay put . More than 5,300 people total have been evacuated by floods that impacted nearly 2,000 square miles across 17 countries , Colorado 's emergency management office announced in a Friday update . And , according to preliminary estimates , nearly 1,900 homes have been destroyed and another 16,000 suffered damage . Floods also taking a toll on 50 bridges and 200 miles of road ; the cost to start repairs on these have been estimated at $ 135 million . Hickenlooper signed an executive order Friday authorizing $ 20 million in state funds -- on top of $ 6 already OK 'd -- to help deal with the many issues brought about by the floods . What we learned from Vermont 's epic flood CNN 's Matt Smith contributed to this report .	Airlifts continue Friday to evacuate those stranded in mountain areas E. coli is in a town 's tap water ; official say it must be addressed before residents return home Over 22,000 gallons of oil are released due to floods , in addition to overturned fuel tanks 7 are confirmed dead , while at least 3 are presumed dead due to floods
Burlington , Vermont  Travel + Leisure  -- On a recent afternoon along Church Street in Burlington , Vermont , young aspiring actors recited passages from Shakespeare 's Henry V as jugglers , break-dancers , and blowers of didgeridoos displayed their skills nearby , creating a visual and aural cacophony . Just another day in a thriving college town -- this one happening to be home to the University of Vermont . There are notable distinctions between college towns and other American cities . In the student-centric spots , bicycles seem to outnumber cars . Affordable restaurants serve up authentic cuisines from all around the world . The streets are densely packed with businesses , making for a highly pedestrian-friendly environment . Nature is usually accentuated : the shimmering Lake Champlain , backdropped by a sawtooth silhouette of peaks , forms the western edge of Burlington . Madison , Wisconsin , is situated on an isthmus between two lakes that draw hordes of hikers and bikers . Boulder , Colorado , is an outdoor enthusiast 's dream . And do n't forget the bars . Each of these locales offers plenty of opportunities for imbibing , many of them ideal for both people-watching and soaking in the scenery . It 's hard to beat sunset cocktails at Austin 's Oasis , where tiered decks jut from a 450-foot-high cliff over Lake Travis . These attractions are mainly geared toward the students , naturally , but they can be readily enjoyed by those with no homework assignments or college connections . After all , few sports experiences can top the rafter-shaking raucousness in Chapel Hill , North Carolina , during a Tar Heels basketball game . Many schools benefit from world-class art collections in glittering facilities designed by marquee architects ; Chapel Hill 's Ackland Art Museum , featuring a wing by Polshek Partnership , tempts visitors with Warhols , Titians , and Dalís in a way that many university-less cities can not . The performing arts also abound . Most campuses host an array of dance , theater , and performing arts to rival a season at Lincoln Center . Not to mention rock . This fall , for instance , the Boulder Theater , near the University of Colorado , will host the Psychedelic Furs , Aimee Mann , and Dinosaur Jr. . So , as students zip up their backpacks for a return to the classroom , it 's a good time for any traveler to pack up a trunk and visit one of these bustling campus locations . Just do n't count on peace and quiet if you go to bed early . Oxford , Mississippi  University of Mississippi On autumn Saturdays when Vaught-Hemingway Stadium is packed with 65,000 whooping fans , it may be tough to associate Oxford with anything but football . But in a place named for a scholarly English city and that is home to William Faulkner 's columned retreat , Rowan Oak , paperbacks take precedence over quarterbacks , especially at Square Books . Its tens of thousands of volumes include autographed copies of works by southern authors like Eudora Welty . When not reading , residents pedal the city 's fast-growing network of bike trails . "  I was surprised to learn Mississippi could be so progressive , " says Kevin Stuart of Oxford Bicycle Company . Local taste : Act the southern gentleman on the upstairs porch at City Grocery by ordering a "  Just North of South " bourbon mojito . Olympia , Washington  Evergreen State College State capitals and colleges fit together seamlessly in a number of locales  see Austin and Madison  . Olympia nicely mixes buttoned-up government workers and dreadlocked students . It 's hard to miss the Capitol Campus -- you can see the legislative building 's sandstone dome from almost anywhere in the city . Take a guided tour , and then stroll through the lovely conservatory and gardens . Every Earth Day , the Procession of the Species parade , with participants colorfully dressed as birds , turtles , killer whales and more , weaves through downtown -- near where Harlequin Productions draws theatergoers to its unconventional shows at the State Theater . Local taste : Though vegetarians are plentiful in Olympia , shellfish fans are , too ; find them slurping Fanny Bays , from the British Columbia bay of the same name , at the Oyster House . Charlottesville , Virginia  University of Virginia The music scene was fertile here B.D.M.B -- that is , before the Dave Matthews Band , which formed in Charlottesville in the early 1990s . These days , alternative rock , country , and reggae acts -- as well as , of course , jam bands -- get crowds moving at the Charlottesville Pavilion , the Paramount Theater , and even Scott Stadium , where U2 arrives in October . But the best performances may lurk along the brick sidewalks of the postcard-perfect downtown , in tiny venues like Miller 's , a former drugstore that 's now known for jazz and blues . When the music 's over , be sure to get a good look at the Thomas Jefferson -- planned campus and explore a Blue Ridge Mountain trail . Local taste : Matthews , who was born in Johannesburg , might enjoy the "  boerie burgers " at the Shebeen , a South African restaurant . Austin , Texas  University of Texas Texas 's retro-stylish capital prides itself on turning out offbeat characters -- Willie Nelson and Matthew McConaughey , for starters . But for something truly batty , check out the Ann Richards/Congress Avenue Bridge , where 1.5 million Mexican free-tailed bats hang out -- quite literally . At dusk , from March through October , they flap off to chase insects . Viewed from a lawn below next to Lady Bird Lake , the swarm will blot out the sunset . Austin , the so-called live music capital of the world , turns into a music fanatic 's dream each March during the SXSW festival . Local taste : Go for some Texas barbecue at the low-key Artz Rib House , where for $ 16.99 you can get messy with a full rack of baby-back ribs . Sip alfresco drinks and take in the sunset at Oasis , where tiered decks jut out from a 450-foot-high cliff over Lake Travis . Burlington , Vermont  University of Vermont College towns do n't get more scenic than Burlington , where a 7.5-mile bike path on old railroad beds provides wind-riffled views of Lake Champlain . It 's understandable , then , that outdoor activities figure prominently here . Rent a kayak from Umiak to explore bays fringed with pines , or hike Burrow 's Trail to the summit of nearby Camel 's Hump , whose bald-faced 4,083-foot summit offers living-map panoramas . Local taste : Dine on local delicacies at the Green Room , which offers locavore favorites like Vermont lamb braised with green peppercorns . Boulder , Colorado  University of Colorado In a town that always pops up on "  healthiest cities in America " lists , bike trails are abundant and outdoor options are endless . The Wild West begins along Baseline Road in Boulder , in the foothills of the Rockies known as the Flatirons , for their sharply angled faces . Rent climbing shoes from Neptune Mountaineering , whose in-store museum features dozens of ice axes and an early pair of Rossignol skis . Local taste : The Chautauqua National Historic Landmark , built in the 1800s as a Methodist retreat , now serves up salmon with salsa verde on a wraparound porch . The on-site summer-camp-type cottages provide eagle-eye views toward the flatlands . Berkeley , California  University of California If coffee shops define a good college town , Berkeley has the competition beat . Some host bands , others show art , many sell fair-trade blends , and most offer a space where it 's okay to relax for hours . "  It 's kind of a universal hangout place , not just for professors and students , " says Erik Hvezda , a barista at Brewed Awakening . Many residents prefer the crackle of vinyl to MP3s ; pick up some LPs at the well-stocked Amoeba Music on Telegraph Avenue , Berkeley 's festive commercial strip . In the heart of campus , the 61-bell carillon provides the tunes atop 307-foot Sather Tower , which also offers stunning panoramas of San Francisco Bay . Local taste : For brunch , fit in with the crunchy crowd by ordering a tofu scramble at Venus . For some local suds , stop in for pints at the festive Pyramid Brewery . Ann Arbor , Michigan  University of Michigan If a town 's name references trees , it 's a good bet nature will figure prominently . At the lush , 123-acre Nichols Arboretum , gravel paths wind past blazes of yellow , pink , and white peonies and the occasional reclining student . The "  Arb " is also frequently the setting for Shakespeare stagings . Slake your thirst amid more flora at Dominick 's , whose garden is ideal for enjoying any of the 10 local microbrews on tap . Local taste : Apart from the various Wolverines sports teams , the pride of Ann Arbor is Zingerman 's Roadhouse , where the rooftop vintage neon sign reads "  Really Good American Food . " And that 's what you 'll get , of every type , from New Mexican chiles to oysters from Apalachicola , FL . Madison , Wisconsin  University of Wisconsin Like oases in deserts , college towns in the Midwest can be refreshing splashes of hustle and bustle amid the plains . The Wisconsin capital squeezes cafés , art galleries , and the César Pelli -- designed Madison Museum of Contemporary Art onto an invigorating pedestrian-only thoroughfare . In warm weather , the museum 's roof is the setting for concerts and films . Elsewhere are found lively neighborhood block parties , like the Atwood Summerfest , which annually offers rock bands on multiple stages . And there 's no shortage of aquatic fun : the city is located on an isthmus between a pair of glittering lakes . Local taste : L'Etoile Restaurant is the region 's slow-food mecca . Chapel Hill , North Carolina  University of North Carolina Yes , there 's a fine clutch of Georgian classroom buildings around a shaded , picturesque quad , but during the winter months , everyone 's attention is fixated on the Dean Dome , home to the powerhouse Tar Heels basketball team . Come November , tickets that have n't been snapped up by students are available to the public . Die-hards check out the 8,000-square-foot , year-old Carolina Basketball Museum , which doubles as a de facto shrine to alum Michael Jordan  old jerseys included  . Still , nothing beats game time , says ticket director John Miller : "  It 's really just electric . " During the off-season , browse for art at Red Window , owned by Elizabeth Edwards , wife of former senator John Edwards . Local taste : Though the building 's a flyspeck , the long lines of cars at the drive-through window of the Sunrise Biscuit Kitchen testify to the restaurant 's celebrated sweet tea and fried chicken . Planning a getaway ? Do n't miss Travel + Leisure 's guide to the World 's Best Hotels Copyright 2012 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	If coffee shops define a good college town , Berkeley has the competition beat Check out the Carolina Basketball Museum -- also a shrine to Michael Jordan Hang out at the Ann Richards/Congress Avenue Bridge , with 1.5 million bats
It 's a horrifying tale : Three young women are held captive for nearly a decade , spending some of that time in chains . But in the story of their dramatic escape from a Cleveland home last Monday , an Internet star has emerged . Charles Ramsey , the man who , along with fellow neighbor Angel Cordero , helped rescue victim Amanda Berry , has gone from struggling dishwasher to viral sensation overnight . Ramsey 's role in the rescue -- he heard Berry screaming and , thinking she was escaping a domestic dispute , kicked open a door for her -- has made him a hero to many . But his straight-shooting retelling of the story , with its colorful asides and sometimes-profane vernacular , is what 's captivated a Web where nothing is sacred and front-page news becomes meme-worthy amusement at lightning speed . "  The Internet likes to celebrate our heroes , " said Ben Huh , CEO of The Cheezburger Network , which includes the site Know Your Meme . A video of Ramsey was the top item on the site Wednesday . "  In our own way , this is our celebration of Charles Ramsey . " Of course , there was the inevitable auto-tune . The Gregory Brothers , known for "  Bed Intruder , " "  Double Rainbow " and other Internet-famous , Songify reworkings of Web video , crafted "  Dead Giveaway " from media interviews with Ramsey . "  My neighbor 's got big testicles because we see this dude every day , " goes one oft-repeated line . "  We eat ribs with this dude . " Several images of Ramsey had popped up by Wednesday on Meme Generator , a site that lets people add presumably humorous text to stock photos . And , in another Web certainty for overnight sensations , he 's had several fake  or , if you prefer , parody  accounts created in his name on Twitter . Speaking of Twitter , McDonald 's did n't waste any time getting mileage off of the story after Ramsey repeatedly said he was eating food from the chain when he heard Berry 's screams . "  We salute the courage of Ohio kidnap victims & respect their privacy , " the company tweeted Tuesday from its corporate account . Way to go Charles Ramsey - we 'll be in touch . " But if much of the online attention was designed to turn Ramsey into entertainment , some of it was just to say "  thank you . " At least two fundraising efforts are under way on GoFundMe , an online fundraising site . One , titled "  Thank You Charles Ramsey , " had already topped its goal of $ 10,000 in little over a day early Thursday . Its creator , Robby Russell of Portland , Oregon , promises to deliver the funds to Ramsey and document the donation . "  Thank you for doing what you did ... thank you for the fantastic interviews , " Russell wrote . "  You made our day . Sincerely , The Internet . " There was another effort on the site but , as of Wednesday morning , it had n't received any donations . For his part , Ramsey has said that , despite sometimes struggling financially , he would give any reward money he receives to the victims . Praise for Ramsey appeared to only cool off marginally Thursday as reports surfaced that he did prison time in the '90s , and again about a decade ago , on domestic abuse charges and for drug and trespassing arrests . Ramsey himself referenced his past in at least one interview , and many online seemed willing to give him credit for paying for his crimes and perhaps redeeming them , at least in part . "  Ramsey did horrible things 10 years ago . He was a hero on May 6 , 2013 , " Kirsten West Savali wrote for News One , a news site "  for black America . " "  He served time for the former ; he should be allowed to serve time as the latter . " Mostly , however , the Internet chuckled . It 's the sort of mix of appreciation and amusement that can only happen on the modern Web , evoking memories of insta-famous folks , from frustrated flight attendant Steven Slater to NASA "  Mohawk Guy " Bobak Ferdowsi to Lydia Callis , the hyper-animated sign-language interpreter for New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg who found Web fame during Superstorm Sandy . But some see a more troubling side of the Internet 's fascination with Ramsey . These observers say the Ramsey memes are reminiscent of the viral fame foisted upon people like Antoine Dodson  "  Hide yo ' kids/hide yo ' wife "  and Sweet Brown  "  Ai n't nobody got time for that "  -- in other words , poor , black people in scary situations whose emotional reactions are turned into punchlines . "  It 's difficult to watch these videos and not sense that their popularity has something to do with a persistent , if unconscious , desire to see black people perform , " Aisha Harris wrote Tuesday for Slate . "  Even before the genuinely heroic Ramsey came along , some viewers had expressed concern that the laughter directed at people like Sweet Brown plays into the most basic stereotyping of blacks as simple-minded ramblers living in the ` ghetto , ' socially out of step with the rest of educated America . " Huh acknowledged that some viral takes on these instant celebrities are more tasteful than others . But he downplayed the importance of race for most viewers . "  I 've seen this happen to every race , every color , every situation , " he said . "  They love this guy , not because he is some funny black man , but because he did something great and did n't walk away from a bad situation . " That said , Huh predicted that on the Web of 2013 , Ramsey 's appeal may fade more quickly than , say , that of Mr. Trololo or the "  Double Rainbow " guy , because much of the reaction has grown predictable . "  It 's almost like there 's a cottage industry of people now trying to get famous by turning things into a meme , " he said . "  That kind of takes the fun out of it . "  Charles Ramsey is probably going to have a much shorter shelf life ... but one of the nice things about a story like this is we get to celebrate a person who did something good . "	Online , Cleveland rescuer Charles Ramsey is an instant star Ramsey kicked open a door for escaping victim Amanda Berry His colorful response has been auto-tuned and imitated Some see troubling racial undertones in the Web 's amusement
CNN  -- After being hidden away for years , a copy of the original "  Action Comics No. 1 " comic book , featuring Superman and friends , will make a comeback -- to the tune of about $ 400,000 , a comic expert told CNN Thursday . A Superman Web site features Action Comics covers , including No. 1 , at left . Starting Friday , comic book collectors and Superman fans will have the opportunity to bid on a comic classic -- an "  unrestored " copy of Action Comics No. 1 , said Stephen Fishler , owner of Comic Connect , an online liaison between comic book buyers and sellers . The book 's owner is not being identified . The auction is attracting a lot of interest . "  One bidder wanted to trade his Ferrari for the comic book , " as part of an under-the-table deal , Fishler joked . But he said the auction will remain public . "  I could n't see myself trading in my Toyota Prius " -- even for a $ 375,000 car . Why is this comic book so unique ? "  Of the 100 existing copies , 80 percent have been restored , but people want an untouched copy , " Fishler said . The book is listed in "  fine " condition , a six on the 10-point rating scale . "  It 's the Holy Grail of comic books , " Fishler said . Co-created by Jerry Siegel and Joe Shuster , the comic book first appeared on newsstands for 10 cents a copy in June 1938 . Nearly 12 years later , a young boy on the West Coast found himself in a secondhand book store , where he persuaded his dad to loan him 35 cents to buy the comic book . Until 1966 , the owner forgot about the book , which was hidden in his mother 's basement . Since then , he 's been holding onto it , hoping to see it increase in value , Fishler said . He has not been disappointed . "  There has been a lot of interest shown on the book in the collectibles market , " said Fishler , who predicted the comic book will sell for about $ 400,000 . But , he added , no minimum price has been set for the auction , so "  whatever it sells for , it sells for . "  I 've known Action Comics to sell for around $ 750,000 , " comic book sales associate Bill Peterson said . "  I do n't have any intention on making a bid , but I know people who do n't mind dropping several thousand for a classic comic . " The comic book marked the first appearances of Lois Lane , Giovanni "  John " Zatara and , of course , Superman . The book is in high demand because "  there was no such thing as a superhero before Superman . It spawned everything that came after -- like Batman and Spider-Man , " Fishler said . Even during the current economic downturn , Fishler expects the book to do well . Those who can afford to bid , he said , "  would ordinarily put money into the stock market . But that 's a shaky proposition . " These days , the comic book may even be a better investment than putting money into a CD or a bond , Fishler speculated . iReport.com : Would you give up your prized possession ? Because the book was published at the close of the Great Depression , it contains advertisements that may appear quaint and quirky to 21st century readers . For only $ 1.25 , one could buy a blonde wig , a live chameleon , a whoopee cushion , a Bible "  the size of a postage stamp " and hypnosis lessons . "  Some books seem to go in and out of fashion , " reads the auction blurb at comicconnect.com . But "  Action Comics No. 1 will never be one of those books . "	Action Comics No. 1 may fetch $ 400,000 , expert says Comic book features debut of Superman , Lois Lane "  There was no such thing as a superhero before Superman , " expert says
CNN  -- Scabby the Rat may not have a word to say , but the large rodent-shaped balloon helped a labor union earn a free-speech victory Thursday before New Jersey 's highest court . Big Sky Balloons , based in Chicago , Illinois , rents out "  union rats " like Scabby and other inflatables . The seven justices ruled unanimously that the local union had a right to display its 10-foot-tall , black , rat-shaped balloon at a rally held outside a fitness center . At issue was whether a township could enforce a ban on inflatable or portable signs and banners on public property . Lawrence Township police had levied a $ 100 fine against an official from the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers because of Scabby . The court concluded that while townships have a right to maintain an "  aesthetic environment " and ensure public safety , its restrictions on expressive displays "  do not justify a content-based restriction of non-commercial speech . " "  There is no evidence to suggest that a rat balloon is significantly more harmful to aesthetics or safety than a similar item being displayed as an advertisement or commercial logo , " wrote Justice John Wallace Jr. . The balloon and others like it , nicknamed Scabby by the Chicago-based company that made them , have been used by labor unions as street theater since 1990 to protest anti-union activities . IBEW members were marching on the sidewalk outside Gold 's Gym in Lawrence Township in April 2005 in response to a dispute with a contractor working at the business . A police officer had ordered the balloon deflated , but returned an hour later to find it blown back up . The labor official in charge admitted he ordered the rat reinflated , and he was given a summons . Lower state courts had ruled the township 's ordinance was content-neutral and did not suppress the union 's ability to spread its message , since members still could chant and distribute handbills to the public . About 200 Scabby balloons are used by labor unions nationwide , according to Big Sky Balloons . They come in three colors , each showing pink eyes , front claws extended , and two big front incisors .	Court : Towns have right to enforce aesthetics , but not curb speech Scabby the Rat balloon displayed at union rallies in New Jersey Township banned display of inflatables , including 10-foot rat balloon
After a blazing hot winning streak , the Heat got turned off in Chicago . The Miami Heat 's 27-win run ended Wednesday night with a 101-97 loss to the Chicago Bulls . LeBron James and company were six wins away from the NBA record of 33 consecutive victories . That record belongs to the 1971-1972 Los Angeles Lakers . So close : Miami Heat not the only ones to almost break a record Before Wednesday 's defeat in Chicago , the Heat 's last loss was on February 1 to the Indiana Pacers . Despite James ' 32 points , Miami could n't top Luol Deng and the Bulls in their third meeting this season . While some Bulls fans reveled in triumph , holding a sign proclaiming , "  THE STREAK IS OVER !! " , many Chicago fans gave the Heat a standing ovation as the team left the court . The Bulls have been a formidable opponent for Miami in the past . The Heat have a 40-50 all-time record against the Bulls in regular season , and a 15-30 record for games played in Chicago .	The Heat were six wins away from matching the NBA record They lost to the Chicago Bulls 101-97 on Wednesday night Some Bulls fans gave the Heat a standing ovation as they left the court
Six weeks before winning the 1998 Miss World crown , 18-year-old Linor Abargil was raped at knife-point by a travel agent escorting her home to Israel from a modeling gig in Italy . Her mother encouraged her to report the attack and go on to compete in the pageant on behalf of Israel . Just as her mother supported her , Abargil is now trying to empower other victims of sexual assault to speak up . Abargil 's journey from beauty queen to activist is chronicled in the Emmy-nominated documentary , "  Brave Miss World . " "  It was her mom 's reaction telling her , ` Do n't worry , it was n't your fault , go to police , do n't take a shower , ' that changed her life . It gave her the courage to report the crime , " said Cecilia Peck , who produced the film with Inbal Lessner , Motty Reif and Lati Grobman . After her rapist was convicted in 1999 , Abargil stopped speaking publicly about the attack and retreated from the public eye . In 2008 , she re-emerged , encouraging victims of sexual violence to share their stories -- and invited the filmmakers to follow her journey . "  Brave Miss World " follows Abargil from South Africa to Europe , where she speaks with rape survivors , to rallies on American college campuses and the halls of Israeli Parliament , all the way to the scene of her attack in Italy . Along the way she works through family relationships , embraces Orthodox Judaism and deals with her own trauma . "  The film is really about the courage it takes to fight for justice and speak up for rape and assault . It 's about the making of an activist , " Peck said . Killer 's rants inspire #YesAllWomen conversation Nominated for a 2014 Emmy for Exceptional Merit in Documentary Filmmaking , the film goes beyond the screen to empower victims of sexual violence to speak up through its website , in community screenings and on social media . CNN spoke with Peck and Lessner in May about what it took to complete the film and how it continues to have an impact . The following transcript has been edited for length and clarity : CNN : Why did you decide to release this movie now ? Cecilia Peck : It 's hard to craft a narrative out of a taboo subject . We 've been working on the film for five years . It just happened to  debut  at a time that coincides with what feels like national attention being turned to this issue . Our timing came from Linor being ready to speak out about the rape after a long period of healing . It took her 11 years after her assault -- and winning the crown , and spending years in court , and retreating -- to heal . Inbal Lessner : It was important for Linor to inject real meaning to the crown . She felt the title was meaningless unless she did something with it . She knew it gave her a platform that people would listen to , it would amplify the message . She had already made a difference in her country after speaking publicly in the rape trial . She told women in Israel , "  If I could do it , you can do it , too . Report , do n't stay silent , " and the number of reports of rape to police and crisis centers rose dramatically and -LSB- authorities -RSB- attributed it to her , along with new legislation inspired by case . She was hoping to reach a broader audience on a global scale by doing outreach and activism , and a documentary would help her reach that audience . CNN : Why do you think she was ready ? Peck : Ever since her rape , women been have been writing to her from all over saying you gave me courage to tell somebody . With a film she hoped to reach more people than she could in person . With the website she wanted to give survivors a place to connect . By filming her story the message could go much broader . Lessner : She felt ready to take this on with the 10-year anniversary of  winning  the crown . Everything came together in 2008 . She felt very strong and ready to take this on , and neither of us had any idea that it would turn out the way it did , that it would be so difficult , that it would be re-traumatizing . CNN : Tell me more about those difficulties . How did she experience trauma all over again ? Peck : It started when she found out  her rapist  was getting furloughs from prison . She shut down filming . She realized she was n't as strong as she thought , that it was n't completely behind her , and it can trigger symptoms of PTSD . She began fighting to keep him in prison for the duration of his sentence , not to release him early . As well as telling her stories over and over again , and hearing stories all over the world about how pervasive  rape  is , that things have n't come so far , it 's still difficult to access justice , all those things made the journey much harder than we thought . And , we did have to stop at a point for six months , and we did n't know if the film would get finished . CNN : How does the film relate to the current cultural discussion of "  rape culture " and efforts to reform school policies around reporting sexual misconduct ? Peck : The central part of story is about college campuses and talking about how life is adversely affected by rape and sexual assault . With her story , the website and the work  of student activists  , it feels like we 're all working toward the same goal to make things safer on college campuses . CNN : What do people share ? Is there a common theme ? Peck : We hear more about the need for better and extensive training for administrations to respond to rape . We keep hearing there is n't adequate training , and  survivors  do n't always have access to Title IX coordinators ; there 's nowhere to go where they feel safe about reporting or talking about assault and rape . Student activists really are making a difference . I think they 're putting pressure on schools to make schools safer . CNN : How do you measure the film 's success ? Lessner : On our microscopic level we 're trying to quantify outreach and success by how many people are speaking up at our screenings or on the website . We 've seen an increase in the number of stories and people sharing on our page or engaging in discussion on Twitter using #IAmBrave . Peck : We felt a real responsibility to make a film that would resonate with audiences around the world and amplify Linor 's message of how important it is to not be ashamed and not to stay silent . When you 're responsible for a message like that it 's deeply engaging ; it 's a crusade . It 's hard to raise money and stay with it for so long . But you feel in the end that you have done something that could make a difference in this world .	"  Brave Miss World " received an Emmy nomination The documentary follows 1998 Miss World Linor Abargil 's journey from survivor to activist Abargil was raped by someone she knew weeks before winning the 1998 Miss World crown "  It was important for Linor to inject real meaning to the crown , " producer says
CNN  -- Yong Nam was appointed Vice Chairman and CEO of LG Electronics effective January 1 , 2007 . Mr. Nam honed his strong business insight during his 30 years of experience with LG Electronics , LG Corporate and LG Telecom . He is well-known in the industry for his strategic outlook , in-depth IT experience and global perspective . Prior to his appointment , Mr. Nam served as Head of Strategic Business for LG Corporation and was responsible for overall strategic business initiatives . He directly supported the LG Group chairman on a variety of business issues , including telecommunications . Mr. Nam served as the President and CEO of LG Telecom from 1998 until 2006 . Under his leadership , the company 's revenue increased five-fold from $ 560 million to $ 2.6 billion , subscribers tripled from 2.1 million to nearly 7 million and profits grew to around $ 250 million in 2005 . He was instrumental in introducing the world 's first mobile Internet service , ez-i , and in commercializing mobile banking service BankON , now the number one convergence service in Korea . In 1997 , he assumed additional responsibilities , overseeing the Executive Office for Strategic Projects , LG 's corporate-level new business development arm . Later that year , he led the Multimedia Division of LG Electronics as Vice President and transformed the division into a profitable business within just one year . Mr. Nam joined the LG Chairman 's Office in 1986 . As a Special Assistant to the Group Chairman , he ran the in-house team that drove change management . He also led corporate-wide efforts to achieve operational excellence and redefine LG 's strategic direction . Mr. Nam 's career at LG began in 1976 when he joined LG Electronics in the overseas business planning division . As part of this role , he spent seven years in the U.S. in several management positions centered on marketing and sales , which helped him develop a global perspective on LG 's business . Mr. Nam is a graduate of Seoul National University , and is fluent in English and Japanese in addition to his native Korean . He enjoys golf , reading and hiking during his leisure time . E-mail to a friend	Yong Nam is the CEO of LG Electronics He joined the company in 1976 and spent time in the U.S. He speaks fluent English , Japanese and his native Korean
Rapper Andre Johnson severed his penis and jumped from a Los Angeles apartment building early Wednesday , police said . Johnson was seriously injured , but survived the fall from the second level of the building in North Hollywood , Los Angeles Police Sgt. William Mann said . Johnson , along with his recovered penis , was taken to Cedars-Sinai Medical Center , where he was being treated , Mann said . Details about what triggered the incident were not available . Johnson has been a member of Northstar , a Long Beach , California , hip hop group that was part of the Wu-Tang Clan family , according to the Wu-Tang Clan website . He performs under the name Christ Bearer . His recording credits include "  When the Guns Come Out , " which was included on the soundtrack of the 2004 film "  Blade : Trinity , " according to the Internet Movie Database .	Andre Johnson is seriously injured , but survives the fall He is taken along with his recovered penis to Cedars-Sinai Medical Center Johnson was a member of North Star , a Wu-Tang Clan affiliated hip hop group He performs under the name Christ Bearer
CNN  -- I was 5 years old and my dad and I were on our way to the neighborhood bakery to buy a loaf of bread . It was early on the morning of January 1 , 1959 . A stranger stopped us on the deserted street right outside our second-floor apartment . CNN 's Arthur Brice remembers his fear , uncertainty and excitement as a boy during the Cuban revolution . "  Did you hear ? " he asked . "  Batista is gone . " Cuban dictator Fulgencio Batista had fled the country in the middle of the night . Fidel Castro would soon be in power . Not many people can remember details from when they were 5 years old . But not many people have lived through what I did in the late 1950s . Conversations with my parents have refreshed those memories . I remember a sense of surprise and excitement that morning , tinged with fear and uncertainty . My dad says I was tranquil and quiet . "  Let 's go back upstairs , " he said after hearing the news . "  Yes , let 's go , Papi , " my dad quoted me as saying . Back in our apartment , we tuned the radio to a local station , which confirmed the news . My mother insisted we stay inside , saying there would be trouble . Indeed , a short while later , we heard loud gunshots as rebels hunted down Batista officials and supporters door-to-door . That night , someone went up to our building 's rooftop patio , looking for a Batista supporter . Two shots rang out . I cringed , squatting next to a wall . I remember the terror I felt . That was the day the revolution triumphed . In two short years , Fidel Castro and his ragtag band of rebels had done what many considered impossible . They would soon march triumphantly down the spine of Cuba from their rebel stronghold in Oriente Province on the eastern end of the island to Havana to assume power . Fifty years later , Castro , his younger brother Raul and other revolutionaries are still there -- but not so for the millions of Cubans who have fled to the United States and elsewhere . Twenty-one months after that morning when we heard the news , my family and I would be among those refugees . It is fair to say that few Cubans who lived through the revolution expected that outcome . Castro had been hugely popular and widely seen as a savior who would deliver Cuba from 50 years of dictatorships and unstable governments . He had promised free elections and a return to constitutional government . The highly unpopular and much-feared Batista had been a major player in Cuban politics since 1933 , when he and a group of low-ranking army officials took control of the government . A power-broker , Batista effectively ruled behind the scenes until he was elected president in 1940 . He held power until 1944 , when he was defeated for re-election . Batista did not go away quietly . He was elected to the Senate in 1948 and was running for president in 1952 when he staged a coup after it looked like he would n't win . Ruthless and dictatorial , he ruled with a bloody iron fist . Fidel Castro , meanwhile , had been a student leader at the University of Havana in the late 1940s , heavily involved in the violent and passionate Cuban politics . On July 26 , 1953 , he and a group of about 100 followers attacked the military Moncada Barracks in the eastern city of Santiago . The attack failed miserably and about half of the insurgents were killed . Castro fled to the nearby Sierra Maestra mountains , but was captured a short while later . While on trial in late 1953 , he gave his famous "  History Will Absolve Me " speech in which he said , "  Condemn me . It does not matter . History will absolve me . " Pardoned under a general amnesty in 1955 , Castro fled to Mexico , where he continued to plot against Batista . He formed the 26th of July Movement , named for the date of the Moncada Barracks attack , and gathered money and support . It was there that Castro met a man who would become a revolutionary legend , the Argentinean Ernesto "  Che " Guevara . In late November 1956 , the rebels set sail from Veracruz aboard an old yacht named "  Granma . " Castro and his group of less than 100 followers landed a week later in eastern Cuba , where most of them were caught or killed . Castro , his brother Raul and Guevara were among the handful who escaped into the Sierra Maestra mountains , where Castro had sought refuge after his disastrous Moncada attack three years earlier . The rebel leader won popular support among the peasants in his remote hideaway while urban dissidents sowed insurrection in the cities . Adopting guerrilla warfare tactics , Castro and his followers were able to inflict stinging defeats on Batista 's army , which was mostly composed of young , untrained and unmotivated soldiers . My mother , father , new baby brother and I lived in Santiago during the revolution , near the Sierra Maestra . From a vantage point in the city , we could see Batista 's planes bombing the rebel strongholds in the distance . We would see Batista 's armed troop convoys leaving their garrisons in the morning , heading for the jungle of the mountains . There were whispered comments among Cubans that the ambulances full of dead and wounded soldiers were returning under cover of darkness in the middle of the night . What happened during the revolution registered strongly on a young boy who was robbed of a normal childhood , but who grew up witnessing history outside his front door . I remember my dad coming home from work one day with a bullet hole in his car from a stray shot . I remember heading to the beach one day along a country road outside Santiago and my dad unsuccessfully trying to push my head down in the back seat so I could n't see the body lying next to the highway , barbed wire strung around the man 's neck . I remember looking out the second-floor balcony of an apartment we previously lived in and seeing a car full of young men chasing a screaming woman down the middle of the street . The men 's arms stretched out of the windows as they pointed weapons at the woman . The woman and the men disappeared from view , blocked by the corner of the building , so I never knew what happened to her . That day , a major shoot-out broke out in the plaza in front of our apartment and my mother and I hugged the floor for safety . She crawled into the kitchen and got me a small glass of wine , which she had me drink so I would fall asleep . When I woke , there was quiet -- but no peace . Another day , a car with four Batista secret police pulled up downstairs and the men got out , leaving the doors open and the engine running . They went into the business downstairs , searching for a Castro supporter . I do n't know what happened there , either . I remember a few days after the announcement of Batista 's defeat , Castro started his procession down from the mountains and along Cuba 's central highway to the capital , Havana . My parents were thinking about going down to watch the triumphant parade , but I asked that we not . I was scared of what might happen . A few days later , I remember watching our console black-and-white TV as Castro gave his first speech before tens of thousands in Havana . I do n't remember his words , but I do remember a white dove that perched on his shoulder as Camilo Cienfuegos , a major revolutionary leader and cohort , stood by his side . Every once in a while , Castro would stop and turn to Cienfuegos and ask him , "  Voy bien , Camilo ? " Am I doing OK , Camilo ? And Cienfuegos would answer , "  Vas bien , Fidel . " Ten months later , Cienfuegos ' plane disappeared over the ocean during a flight to Havana , and the whispering started . Although it is widely held that Cienfuegos perished in an accident , many Cubans started saying privately that Castro or his brother Raul had him taken out over political differences or because of a perceived threat from the charismatic revolutionary known for wearing a wide-brimmed hat . To this day , the Castros continue to pay homage to Cienfuegos . An official logo for the 50th anniversary of the revolution bears a drawing of Castro and Cienfuegos . And to this day , I remember the day 50 years ago that began with a journey for a loaf of bread that would change my life and that of so many others forever .	CNN 's Arthur Brice in Santiago when Castro , other rebels rose up against Batista Brice family witness to warplanes bombing rebel camps , heard shoot-outs Boy 's world included police raids , rebels going door - to-door , body by the road 50 years ago , a stranger on a deserted street asks : "  Did you hear ? Batista is gone "
Canadensis , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- The self-taught survivalist accused of killing one Pennsylvania state trooper and wounding another planned the ambush for months , police said . Authorities continue their search for suspect Eric Matthew Frein on Sunday but were yet to have cornered him in a wooded area around the Pike and Monroe county border . "  Based on our investigations , we know Frein has prepared and planned extensively for months or maybe years , " State Police Lt. Col. George Bivens said Sunday . He planned his attack and retreat . However , we believe we are closing in on him . " The suspect has had the advantage of knowing the terrain where he is hidden , but police say his head start is fleeting . "  Our tactical operations people now also know his backyard , the area he once felt safe in , " Bivens said . "  We are pushing him hard , he is no longer safe there and I am confident he will be apprehended . " Frein is being sought in the death of Cpl. Byron Dickson in a September 12 ambush outside the Pennsylvania State Police barracks in Blooming Grove . He is also suspected of wounding another officer . He is still considered armed and dangerous , and police have found several items that Frein had either abandoned or hidden , he said . An assault rifle and ammunition are among the weapons recovered , Bivens said . There have been several possible sightings of the suspect , but Bivens declined to label any as a confirmed sighting . While a shelter-in-place order for residents near the primary search area has been lifted , people should stay out of the woods where law enforcement officers are looking for the self-taught survivalist , police said . Frein is on the run and possibly armed , but there is no indication that he is a danger to anyone other than law enforcement , Bivens said . If he wanted to harm civilians , he 's had the opportunity to do so , he said . "  While we can never completely rule out an act of violence , I am convinced that Frein has engaged in a personal battle with law enforcement , specifically the Pennsylvania State Police , and will likely stay focused on that fight , " he said . Police on Friday had surrounded an area where Frein was believed to be hiding , the chairman of Barrett Township board of supervisors , Ralph Megliola , said . He added that he was unaware if there had been any credible sightings of Frein since then . The area is not far from Frein 's family home in Canadensis , in the Poconos . There were gunshots in the area , but Bevins said they were not related to the search , and that officers and the suspect have not exchanged gunfire . As many as 400 law enforcement officers were involved in the search , including members of the U.S. Marshals Service , the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives , and the FBI . Canadensis is about 20 miles from the site where Dickson was shot . The FBI has placed Frein on its Ten Most Wanted Fugitives list and is offering a $ 100,000 reward for information leading to his arrest . Frein is a survivalist with an extensive shooting background and a grudge against law enforcement , officials have said . Frein apparently cut his hair into a mohawk style before the attack on police and was active in a military simulation unit that re-enacted Cold War-era European conflicts , officials said . His FBI most-wanted poster describes him as a "  heavy smoker , a weapons enthusiast , and a survivalist . He claims to have fought with Serbians in Africa , and he has studied Russian and Serbian languages . " State Police Commissioner Frank Noonan said Wednesday that investigators know Frein "  has made statements about wanting to kill law enforcement officers and also to commit mass acts of murder . " "  He has very strong feelings about law enforcement and seems to be very angry with a lot of things that go on in our society . " Trooper shooting suspect might try to target more officers , police say CNN 's Chris Welch and Sonia Moghe reported from northeast Pennsylvania while Mariano Castillo reported and wrote from New York . CNN 's Steve Almasy , Ralph Ellis and Jason Carroll contributed to this report .	NEW : Police believe ambush was planned for months NEW : Suspect 's battle appears to be with police , not civilians , authorities say Hundreds of officers resume search hours after apparently closing in on suspect Eric Matthew Frein , 31 , a self-taught survivalist , is wanted in state trooper 's death
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Bo the Portuguese water dog made his White House debut under cloudy skies Tuesday afternoon , spending several minutes taking his new family on a lively romp over the South Lawn with frequent stops for hearty sniffs at his new surroundings . Malia Obama practices walking Bo as her parents and sister , Sasha , wait their turn . Bo landed on all four feet at his fourth home in his six short months of life , fulfilling President Obama 's campaign promise to get his daughters a dog in return for all the time he spent on the road during the long presidential fight . "  He 's a star . He 's got star quality , " the president said of the black curly pup with white front feet and chest and a lion-cut tail . The Obamas ended up with a purebred dog , despite the president 's preference for a mutt , largely because of 10-year-old Malia 's allergies -- Portuguese water dogs do n't shed -- and because of opportunity . Watch Bo frolic on the White House lawn " Bo did n't fit in well with his first owners and was returned to the breeder in March . That breeder happened to be the breeder of Sen. Ted Kennedy 's Portuguese water dogs , and when Kennedy learned the puppy was available , he arranged to offer him to the Obamas . Bo spent a month with Kennedy 's trainer before coming to the White House for an initial visit over the weekend and for his official welcome Tuesday . "  Dog Whisperer " Cesar Millan said on Tuesday afternoon that Portuguese water dogs are an active breed and will need long walks and will need to understand quickly who is the "  pack leader . " "  Very important everybody plays the leadership role -- the girls , Ms. Michelle , obviously , the president , " he said . "  Everybody has to learn to walk the dog , to master the walk . " The Obamas , Millan said , have an opportunity to model good behavior for dog owners . "  This is definitely the most popular dog in the world right now , " he said . "  This is why it 's very important for everybody -- all the Obama family -- to practice the exercise , the discipline and affection . " While out with his family and the dog Tuesday afternoon , Obama said Bo had "  a bunch of possibilities " of where to sleep , but his own bed was n't one of those . Bo will be allowed into the Oval Office , he said , and the family will take turns with walks . The president and his family also shared some of their newfound knowledge about Portuguese water dogs . "  The only concern we have is that apparently , Portuguese water dogs like tomatoes . Michelle 's garden is in danger , " he said . "  We do n't have tomatoes , " the first lady said . "  Not yet , " Obama reminded . "  He does n't know how to swim , " chimed in 7-year-old Sasha . "  Apparently they have to be taught how to swim , " the president said . "  They have webbed feet . And they herd fish for the fishermen in Portugal . That is what we 've heard . "	Portuguese water dog cavorts on South Lawn with Obama family 6-month-old pup fulfills president 's campaign promise to daughters Puppy is gift to Obama girls from Sen. Ted Kennedy , who owns several of the dogs
Woodward , Oklahoma  CNN  -- Threats of another perilous outbreak of tornadoes appeared to fizzle Sunday , a day after powerful storms tied to the same weather system tore through the Midwest and Plains states . The National Weather Service had issued widespread tornado watches for several states including Minnesota , Wisconsin , Arkansas , Iowa and Illinois . And several big cities -- including St. Louis , Missouri ; Little Rock , Arkansas ; and Minneapolis and St. Paul in Minnesota -- were thought to be in the line of another stream of powerful storms . Yet while people in many of those areas experienced inclement weather and a handful of tornadoes were reported in several states , the impact paled compared to what others had experienced Saturday and into the early morning hours of Sunday . Survivors in hard-hit Oklahoma town : ` We are truly blessed ' As of 10 p.m. CT , the service 's Storm Prediction Center had received 10 reports of tornadoes on Sunday . Most of those were from mid-day -- the latest being a reported touchdown at 5:30 p.m.  6:30 p.m. ET  in McLeod County in Minnesota -- but there was no immediate word of any significant damage during the day and night Sunday , especially in more populated located . The numbers of reported twisters were well below the 122 that the weather service said happened Saturday . Kansas Gov. Sam Brownback told CNN that "  97 tornadoes touched down " in his state , a figure not yet confirmed by the National Weather Service . Oklahoma was also hard-hit , with Gov. Mary Fallin declaring a state of emergency in 12 counties in order to help expedite resources . All the deaths tied to the weekend storm were in Woodward , a small northern Oklahoma city of about 12,000 people about 85 miles west of Enid . Frank Hobbie was confirmed dead along with two girls -- presumed to be Hobbie 's 5 - and 7-year-old daughters -- said medical examiner 's office spokeswoman Amy Elliot . Woodward Mayor Roscoe Hill earlier said a father and his two children were inside their trailer at the Hidden Valley Mobile Home Park when the tornado rolled through and they were killed . Elliot identified one of the other dead as Derrin Juul . A 10-year-old girl also killed was found with him and is presumed to be Juul 's daughter . Hill had said that two people died when the car they were in rolled over several times . Another 29 in Woodward were treated for injuries , said Matt Lehenbauer , the city 's director of emergency management . "  This thing comes in the middle of the night . It caught us asleep , mostly , " Hill told CNN . In addition to leveling 89 homes and 13 businesses , the storm "  took out " the transmitter for the public siren and tornado notification system , and "  we lost our manual override " when the electricity was knocked out , City Manager Alan Riffel said . Given that and timing of the tornado -- after midnight , and after other severe weather had barreled through -- Fallin said the human cost could have been even worse . "  It 's remarkable that we did n't have more loss of life in Woodward , " she told reporters late Sunday afternoon . Officials credited working early warning systems elsewhere in the region with preventing more fatalities . Advisories from the system were issued two days in advance , rather than just a matter of hours , and were "  remarkably accurate , " said Brownback . "  People took it very seriously . " In southwest Iowa , officials evacuated the entire population -- roughly 300 people -- of the town of Thurman after a suspected tornado struck Saturday , damaging or destroying three out of every four homes . By early Sunday morning , many Thurman residents who took up temporary shelter at a high school in nearby Tabor were again in the path of a storm that spawned suspected tornadoes in neighboring Kansas . A sign in a park that bears the town 's name is one of the few things still standing , said Mike Crecelius , Fremont County 's emergency management director . "  That 's about all there is . About 75 % of the homes are damaged or destroyed , " he said . "  From the looks of things , there wo n't be a tree left in that town either . " Four truckers whose rigs were blown off Interstate 29 were the only ones hospitalized -- one with a punctured lung -- due to this particular tornado , the National Weather Service said . The agency reported the twister had winds between 111 and 135 mph as it caused a half-mile long damage path over 10 miles . Across the south and central Plains , storm chasers broadcast images of funnel clouds roaring through rural landscapes . One of the biggest cities hit Saturday and early Sunday was Wichita , Kansas , where resident Katie Sykes said torrential rains produced a "  river in my front yard " and the prospect of a tornado had her shuddering in fear . "  When I was little we prepared for storms , hearing the sirens and then going to the basement . And going through this experience I felt like a little kid , young and scared , " the CNN iReporters said . In the basement of her downtown home , 30-year-old Lacy Jay Hansen and her family donned bicycle helmets and crouched against a corner as a suspected tornado churned its way toward her home . "  It turned right in the nick of time for us , striking this other neighborhood , " she said , later learning the storm destroyed a friend 's house several miles away . Eleven months ago , Hansen , her husband and son were in Joplin , Missouri , visiting their ailing grandfather in a hospital when a tornado ripped through , killing 158 people . "  None of us were supposed to be there , " she said . "  We 've always taken it seriously . But ever since then , we take it more seriously . " The tornado that tore through Joplin was one of 1,691 tornadoes that killed a total of 550 people in 2011 , according to the National Weather Service . Last year was the fourth deadliest tornado year in U.S. history . The tragedy in Joplin triggered stronger warnings by the weather service about life-threatening storms . More than 24 hours before the storms began rolling across the Midwest on Saturday , the service was cautioning residents of the storm 's potential damage . At the Marriott in downtown Wichita , Johnny Williams watched over eight children -- in town for a basketball camp -- in a ballroom where they 'd taken shelter . "  We play together as a team , and we believe together as a team , " Williams said . The storm caused flooding in parts of downtown Wichita , and McConnell Air Force Base also sustained damage , authorities said . A suspected tornado tossed baggage carts across runways at the Wichita Mid-Continent Airport but did n't cause any structural damage , Sedgwick County spokeswoman Kristi Zuckovich said . A few hundred employees were working at a Spirit Aero Systems plant , producing fuselages and other equipment for Boeing aircraft , said company spokesman Ken Evans , when a twister came through and caused the roof to collapse . No one was injured , and workers have been told not to come in until Wednesday as the damage is assessed , added Evans . Damage was also reported to a Hawker Beechcraft building , which manufactures high-performance business jets and turbo-prop planes . Country singer Miranda Lambert 's concert Saturday night at the Intrust Bank arena in Wichita was interrupted by an apparent tornado . She was taken off the stage and fans were kept inside , said Lt. Jason Gill of the Sedgwick County Sheriff 's Office . Later , Lambert tweeted , "  We made it y' all . Thanks for coming out and for making it through the delay with a smile . " The storm destroyed six mobile homes in Wichita County , officials said , but did n't cause any known fatalities in the area . Earlier , a confirmed tornado struck a hospital in Creston , Iowa , blowing out windows and damaging the roof , said John Benson of the Iowa Homeland Security and Emergency Management agency . There were no major injuries reported , and patients were relocated to other area hospitals . CNN 's Susan Candiotti reported from Kansas and Rob Marciano reported from Oklahoma and Kansas . CNN 's Josh Levs , Chelsea Carter , Randi Kaye and Maria P. White reported from Atlanta .	10 tornadoes are reported Sunday , including three in Minnesota This is below the 122 reported Saturday , when several states were hit hard Three children were among five people killed in Oklahoma , an official says
CNN  -- What was a 60-year-old American with a heart condition doing in the midst of the months-long protests in Bangladesh ? To understand the answer , you have to go back a few years in Ruhel Ahmed 's life . At 18 , he was a student-turned-guerilla freedom fighter wounded in action in the 1971 independence war -- a war that started 42 years ago to the week . Earlier this year , he returned to the homeland where he fought , weaker , but still strong at heart , and inspired by what he has seen . This demonstration is personal for the solar technician from Austin , Texas . "  There 's an unfinished job of trying the war criminals , " said Ahmed , who was in Dhaka on business when the demonstrations started in February . He joined as quickly as he could , camera in hand , documenting his experiences along the way for six weeks . "  I was here for 20 years in America . Now that my family is settled and my kids have grown up , my lifelong dream has been to go back to Bangladesh and see that justice is done . The time has come now , " he said . The Shahbag protests , named after a Dhaka neighborhood , center on that brutal nine-month war in which Ahmed and other Bangladeshis fought for independence from Pakistan . When one of the top officials in the opposition Jamaat-e-Islami party , Abdul Quader Mollah , was sentenced to life in prison for war crimes on February 5 , protesters demanded a death sentence .  Since then , violence has escalated as other war criminals received death sentences , and Jamaat supporters launched counterprotests . Photos : Shahbag takes over Dhaka intersection During Ahmed 's time in Bangladesh , he would spend about six hours a day among the protesters , as they shared their stories about why they were there . He encountered many among the hundreds of thousands in the crowd who shared the protests with the world via social media , all the while knowing they could be in danger . Ahmed himself said he is willing to die for the cause . Dozens have been killed in incidents related to the protests since February . "  One of the bloggers I met spent the day talking to me . The next day he was chopped in pieces . " Bangladesh on the brink ? On March 8 , Ahmed was documenting the protest with his camera when chaos erupted . Three Molotov cocktails were tossed from a five-story building , allegedly by supporters of Jamaat . "  Everybody panicked , " he said . "  One of the speakers at the demonstration said , ` Our parents were not afraid in 1971 ; we wo n't be afraid now , ' " according to Ahmed . "  Within 30 seconds , everyone sat down and started chanting slogans . " Of course , scenes of large protests have become more common in recent years , with varying results . When he sees how other protests like those in Egypt 's Tahrir Square turned out , he is concerned with how that country still lacks stability , but he says this demonstration is different . "  We are taking Gandhi 's approach , we are nonviolent . This is unprecedented . You see kids , mothers , old people who can not walk , " he said . Bangladeshi freedom fighter explains why he 's protesting Though he has personal reasons to see "  justice " and the war criminals punished , many of the protesters he encountered were n't even born in 1971 . However , they were familiar with the war through school , and many had fathers , grandfathers or uncles who fought . "  The new generation -- the Facebook generation -- is totally determined , " he said . He even suggested renaming the site of the protests "  Facebook Square . " "  They 're not going to leave until justice is done . I ask them , ` How long ? ' They say ` As long as it takes . ' They want the extreme jihadist party  Jamaat-e-Islami  banned ; they want the country to be a secular country . I hope I survive that long to see it is done . " Ahmed recently returned to the United States because of his health . He is going to have a heart procedure done this week . Then he is ready to return for as long as four months to join the continuing protest . Though his return to Bangladesh has been short , his life is forever changed . He has been touched by so many things he saw : from balloons filled with written messages for those who died in the war , to a candlelit vigil , where his camera panned the crowd , showing the "  hopeful , determined " faces of the demonstrators . "  I 'm dying to go back , believe me . "	What was an American doing in the midst of an intense protest in Bangladesh ? Ruhel Ahmed is a veteran of the 1971 war at the heart of Bangladesh demonstrations He has been in the U.S. for a few weeks , but plans to return soon for several months
Rome , Italy  CNN  -- Police arrested 11 people in central and northern Italy on Friday on suspicion of recruiting Kurds to join the Kurdistan Workers ' Party , or PKK -- the outlawed separatist group fighting for a homeland in southeastern Turkey . Of those arrested , 10 are Kurdish -- mostly from Turkey -- and one is an Italian with a criminal record , Italian authorities said . Searches related to 16 others are under way , according to police . This comes as a two-year investigation led to the dismantling of three camps in Italy and one in France to train recruits for the PKK . The camps in Italy were old , isolated farm houses . In one camp , authorities found 70 people being indoctrinated into the PKK . An investigation into their identifications is ongoing . The Kurds are Turkey 's largest ethnic minority , numbering more then 12 million people . For many years , the Turkish state denied their existence , calling them "  mountain Turks . " The PKK has been locked in a bloody conflict with Turkey since the 1980s , and more than 30,000 people , mostly ethnic Kurds , have been killed in the conflict . Full coverage in Turkish : CNN Turk The international community , including the United States and the European Union , considers the PKK a terrorist organization . The rebel group continues to operate in Qandil Mountains in northern Iraq , and the Turkish military has in the past bombed PKK targets around Iraq 's border with Turkey . CNN 's Hada Messia contributed to this report .	Police found training camps in Italy and France ; suspects arrested in Venice 11 arrested on suspicion of having terrorism ties to the outlawed PKK PKK has waged decades-old separatist campaign in southeastern Turkey
CNN  A 32-year-old Massachusetts man is facing murder charges , authorities said Wednesday , four days after another man 's remains were found in a duffel bag . The Middlesex District Attorney 's Office said that Carlos Colina , 32 , will be arraigned the morning of April 14 for murder in connection with the remains discovered Saturday in Cambridge . Earlier this week , Colina was arraigned on charges of assault and battery causing serious bodily injury and improper disposal of a body . A Middlesex County judge then revoked bail for Colina in another case he 's involved in , for alleged assault and battery . The victim in that case is different from the one whose remains were found in recent days . Police were notified Saturday morning about a suspicious item along a walkway in Cambridge . Officers arrived at the scene , opened a duffel bag and found human remains . After that discovery , police say , a surveillance video led them to an apartment building , where more body parts were discovered in a common area . That location is near the Cambridge Police Department headquarters . The remains at both locations belonged to the same victim , identified Monday as Jonathan Camilien , 26 . Camilien and Colina knew each other , according to authorities . "  This was a gruesome discovery , " District Attorney Marian Ryan said . CNN 's Kevin Conlon contributed to this report .	Prosecutor : Carlos Colina , 32 , will be arraigned on the murder charge next week He 's already been arraigned for alleged assault and battery , improper disposal of a body Body parts were found in a duffel bag and a common area of an apartment building
Washington  CNN  -- African-American female lawmakers are taking the Army to task for a new ban on a number of ethnic hairstyles , guidelines which some are calling racially discriminatory . The group from the Congressional Black Caucus wrote Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel on Thursday urging the military to reconsider the rule . "  Though we understand the intent of the updated regulation is to ensure uniformity in our military , it is seen as discriminatory rules targeting soldiers who are women of color with little regard to what is needed to maintain their natural hair , " the letter said . Nate Christensen , a Pentagon spokesman , said it had received the letter , appreciated their concerns and "  will respond promptly and directly to them . " The Army previously said it rejects any charges of discrimination , especially since black women were involved in helping craft the new guidelines regulating everything from the style of hair parts , the width of braids and how far thick hair can extend from the scalp . "  African American female soldiers were involved in the process of developing the new female hair standards , " said Troy Rolan , an Army spokesman . "  Not only were nearly 200 senior female leaders and soldiers  which included a representative sample of the Army 's populations  part of the decision-making process on the female hair standards , but the group was also led by an African American female . " The Army has faced pushback from some African-American members of the military and black civilian supporters over new guidelines that mandate such things as hair "  must be of uniform dimension , small in diameter  approximately Â 1/4 inch  , show no more than 1/8  inch  of the scalp between the braids . " Army rules ban dreadlocks and twists of any kind as well as styles it views as "  unkempt " or "  matted . " That type of language rankled the Black Caucus members . The issue , they say , is that such phrasing implies that ethnic hair that is "  natural " or not straightened with heat or chemicals is somehow unruly and must be carefully regulated to fit within white cultural norms . "  The use of words like ` unkempt ' and ` matted ' when referring to traditional hairstyles worn by women of color are offensive , " the lawmakers wrote . "  The assumption that individuals wearing these hairstyles can not maintain them in a way that meets the professionalism of Army standards indicates a lack of cultural sensitivity conducive to creating a tolerant environment for minorities . " In issuing its newest set of appearance guidelines , the Army has found itself entangled in centuries old identity politics that have been a sore point for the African-American community since slavery . White House petition Black female soldiers say new grooming reg is ` racially biased ' Army : Female focus group helped determine new hair rules	Black female lawmakers are pushing back against Army 's updated appearance guidelines The new regulations ban many African-American hairstyles Army says the regulation is needed to maintain a professional , uniform look among soldiers Controversy touches on historic tensions about black hair and white beauty standards
CNN  -- WBA champion David Haye has labeled Odlanier Solis a "  fat bum " after the Cuban boxer suffered a humiliating one-round defeat to his heavyweight rival Vitali Klitschko . The elder Klitschko brother was awarded a technical knockout after just three minutes of his WBC title defense on Saturday night , much to the disappointment of the 19,000-strong crowd ringside in Cologne . Solis , the 2004 Olympic champion , was unbeaten in his last 17 professional fights , but appeared to injured himself after being floored by his 6ft 8in Ukrainian opponent -- who was defending his title for the sixth time in his second reign as WBC champion . Britain 's Haye -- who is preparing to face Wladimir Klitschko in a unification bout later this year -- lost to Solis in the amateur ranks 10 years ago and has launched a damning critique of his one-time conqueror . Haye confirms showdown with Klitschko finally on "  Now that 's why you should n't have excess body fat ! A lean , 30-years-old healthy athlete should n't have joints/ligament popping for no reason , " Haye wrote on his Twitter website page . He continued : "  He beat me 10 years ago when he weighed 46lbs less . He used to be ripped ! Why become obese before a huge fight ? "  Solis knew how to beat Vit , but years of obesity stopped him being able to execute . He will unfortunately go down as yet another fat bum . " After a promising opening two-and-a-half minutes of the much-anticipated encounter , Solis was caught by a right hook to his temple . Like the crowd , the champion initially seemed angry that Solis could not carry on , but it quickly became clear he had hurt himself as he clutched onto his knee and hamstring while lying on the floor . According to the AFP news agency , it is now believed the 30-year-old has sustained further damage to an already injured leg , and could potentially need surgery to repair the problem . Solis ' failed challenge has increased the pressure on Haye to defeat IBF and WBO heavyweight champion Wladimir Klitschko -- and perhaps even take on the 39-year-old Vitali before his retirement in October -- in order to put an end to the brothers ' dominance in the sport . As the build-up to the long-awaited showdown continues , Wladimir , present at his brother 's fight in Germany , commented : "  You can see why Haye chose to fight me and not my brother . He was incredible today . "  David is definitely going to say to Vitali , ' I will fight you down the road but Wladimir is next because he is weaker ' . "	Odlanier Solis puts up farcical one-round challenge against Vitali Klitschko WBC heavyweight champion knocks out Cuban after just three minutes of title defense WBA champion David Haye lost to Solis as an amateur and says 30-year-old is fat Soils may have to undergo surgery on his knee , which he injured during the bout
Kevin Ward Jr. , a New York sprint car driver who was killed Saturday night after an on-track incident with NASCAR driver Tony Stewart , died of "  massive blunt trauma , " authorities said Monday Sheriff Philip C. Povero told reporters that the Ontario County medical examiner finished an autopsy on the 20-year-old driver on Monday . Povero also said investigators were reviewing a second video of the incident in which Stewart 's car struck Ward as the young driver stood on the dirt track after a spin out . Ward died of his injuries before an ambulance arrived at a hospital . The sheriff said the investigation was progressing well , but gave no timeline as to when it would wrap up . He reiterated that there was no evidence at this point that a crime has been committed . Investigators spoke to Stewart 's representatives on Monday , the sheriff said . Stewart was interviewed after the incident , authorities have said . On Saturday night , Ward 's sprint car hit the outside wall during lap 14 of a 25-lap race put on by the Empire Super Sprints series at the Canandaigua Motorsports Park in upstate New York . A video of the incident shows two cars coming out of a turn with Stewart 's No. 14 car sliding up the track toward Ward 's No. 13 car . The two cars get close and appear to make contact before Ward 's car hits the wall and spins out . Another car narrowly avoids hitting the 13 car as its sits on the track facing the wrong direction . Ward gets out of his crashed car and walks determinedly on the track toward the race cars , which had slowed for a yellow flag . Ward points a finger and appears to be yelling . One car swerves to avoid Ward on the half-mile dirt track . Stewart 's car passes close to Ward , and it appears that its right rear tire hits him . The second video was taken from a different angle , the sheriff said without elaborating . Ward 's funeral will be held Thursday , according to an update on the Empire Super Sprints website . "  The entire Ward family sends their sincere thanks to all that has send their heartfelt notes , calls , texts , anything that has been sent their way , " the post says , adding the family is "  very proud of Kevin . " Stewart express sadness "  There are n't words to describe the sadness I feel about the accident that took the life of Kevin Ward Jr. , " Stewart said Sunday , according to a written statement tweeted by NASCAR . "  It 's a very emotional time for all involved . ... My thoughts and prayers are with his family , friends and everyone affected by this tragedy . " Stewart decided not to take part in Sunday 's NASCAR event at Watkins Glen , New York . Whether he competes in this weekend 's event is still undecided . "  The decision to compete in this weekend 's NASCAR Sprint Cup Series event at Michigan will be Tony 's , and he will have as much time as he needs to make that decision . It is still an emotional time for all involved , Tony included . He is grieving , and grief does n't have a timetable , " spokesman Mike Arning said . Opinion : Why Tony Stewart is n't likely to face charges in racetrack death Ward began racing at 4 Ward , from Port Leyden , New York , was in his fifth season in the Empire Super Sprints series . He began racing when he was 4 , running go-kart events . A competitor who runs the car that swerved around Ward expressed sympathy . "  Our deepest condolences go to the entire Ward Family . We are one huge ESS family , you will be truly missed bud ! #RIP13 , " Hebing Racing tweeted . Stewart is a three-time champion in NASCAR 's top division and won a sprint car championship in 1995 . He also owns a dirt race track in New Weston , Ohio , and has frequently raced sprint cars , even during the NASCAR season . He broke a leg last year in a sprint car crash that ended his racing season . He has raced the full NASCAR season this year but only returned to sprint cars in July . In 2013 : Injuries as debris flies into Daytona stands during fiery NASCAR crash Jason Leffler , accomplished race car driver , dies in dirt-track accident	Investigators are looking at a second video recorded Saturday night , sheriff says Medical examiner releases only cause of death , no further details Authorities speak with Tony Stewart 's representatives Kevin Ward Jr. died from injuries after Stewart hit him during a caution lap
Editor 's note : Frances Fragos Townsend , a CNN contributor on national security issues , formerly served as President George W. Bush 's chief anti-terrorism and homeland security adviser . Townsend has spent more than two decades in the fields of intelligence and criminal justice and has served during the past three administrations . Townsend is currently a consultant to the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and a member of President Bush 's Intelligence Advisory Board , the Council on Foreign Relations and the Aspen Institute Homeland Security Program . Frances Townsend says the director of the CIA is not a post for on-the-job training . CNN  -- Leon Panetta is an impressive man with many laudable achievements to his credit . Mr. Panetta served eight terms in Congress and worked in the Clinton White House as chief of staff to the president and director of the Office of Management and Budget . But his impressive credentials are insufficient to allay the well-founded concerns of senior Democrats and Republicans that he is the wrong man to be the next director of the Central Intelligence Agency . Mr. Panetta is a seasoned political operative and a proven manager -- both of which would be useful to him as CIA director -- but more is required . Accurate and actionable intelligence is among our most effective tools in fighting against terror threats . The nation has gone more than seven years without a terrorist attack and much of the credit for that lies with the men and women of the intelligence community : in the CIA , FBI , and Defense and Homeland Security departments , among others . Career intelligence officials need a leader they can count on to protect their mission from inappropriate political interference and who would be willing to defend their efforts when , as is often the case , they are attacked based on less than accurate or complete facts . Because of the critical role the intelligence community plays in protecting our nation , the director of the CIA is not a position for on-the-job training . President-elect Barack Obama had a competent , qualified career intelligence official to nominate . John Brennan served for decades at the CIA under numerous directors and in both Democratic and Republican administrations . Just prior to his retirement , Mr. Brennan served as the director of the Terrorist Threat Integration Center , the predecessor to the current National Counterterrorism Center . John Brennan had no loyalty to the policies of the Bush administration and in fact at times voiced his disagreement . Mr. Brennan 's loyalty was to the mission and role of the intelligence community in protecting our nation . Unfortunately , the incoming administration permitted the vicissitudes of party politics and special interests to derail this nomination . -LSB- In a letter to Obama obtained by CNN in early December , Brennan said he was dropping out of consideration for the job because of strong criticism by people who associated his work at the CIA with controversial Bush administration policies on interrogation techniques and the pre-emptive war in Iraq . -RSB- The next CIA director has many important issues to confront . He or she must continue to ensure adequate resources for the intelligence community and continue to build our human and technical intelligence capabilities . The new director will necessarily review detention , interrogation and rendition policies . And at the same time , the CIA director must seek new ways to gain the intelligence advantage on crucial priorities such as terrorism , proliferation of weapons of mass destruction and a host of regional issues in the Middle East , Africa and Asia . Regardless of who becomes the next CIA director , the nation is fortunate that from the deputy director on down , the CIA is run by career officials who will continue to do the nation 's business . But they will continue to require the tools necessary to do the job . Before abrogating Bush Administration policies on interrogation and detention , the new CIA director must learn : what is legal ; what is effective ; and how have these policies been implemented . A new administration may choose to make more limited use of these tools or add additional procedural safeguards . But any decision must be made with caution . Tools that the Justice Department deem legal and the intelligence community determines are effective must not be taken away because they are politically unpopular . The nation and the intelligence community deserve better and must be led with the same courage that they have displayed . President-elect Obama is off to a strong start , taking daily intelligence briefings and asking probing questions . If Mr. Panetta is to be the next CIA director , he will need to earn the trust , confidence and respect of career intelligence officials . Mr. Panetta will need these career intelligence officers to best advise the new president on the CIA capabilities at his disposal to support critical foreign policy and national security objectives . The most important objective will remain protecting American lives . Mr. Panetta is smart and no doubt a quick study . Let 's pray if he is confirmed that he is up to the difficult job ahead of him . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frances Townsend .	Frances Townsend : Leon Panetta has had a fine career in government She says his lack of intelligence experience is raising questions Townsend : CIA crucial to U.S. security and needs leader who will back staff up She says CIA director is too important for on-the-job training
CNN  -- "  God bless you , mami . " "  Hey baby . " "  DAMN . " "  You do n't wan na talk ? " This is just a sampling of what one woman in jeans and a T-shirt experienced in 10 hours of walking through the streets of New York City . Her experience was filmed and edited into a 1:56 public service announcement for anti-street-harassment group Hollaback ! Have you been harassed ? Share your experience in an open letter Inspired by the experiences of his girlfriend , shooter Rob Bliss reached out to Hollaback ! to partner on the PSA highlighting the impact of street harassment . For 10 hours , he walked with a camera in his backpack in front of Shoshana B. Roberts , as she carried two microphones in her hands . How should men approach women ? Street harassment disproportionately impacts women , people of color , LGBTQ individuals , and young people , the group says on its website : "  Although the degree to which Shoshana gets harassed is shocking , the reality is that the harassment that people of color and LGBTQ individuals face is oftentimes more severe and more likely to escalate into violence . " Where are the world 's most dangerous transit systems for women ? Within hours of the video being posted to YouTube , commenters began posting threatening remarks , prompting Hollaback ! to request help policing the video . Street art wants you to "  stop telling women to smile " Hey baby ! Women speak out against street harassment Samplers reduce street harassment to "  women 's work "	"  10 Hours of Walking in NYC as a Woman " released by advocacy group Hollaback ! Street harassment has greater impact on women , people of color , LGBTQ individuals
CNN  -- Common Western superstition says Friday the 13th is unlucky . But what does it say about a Friday the 13th with a full moon and solar flares that could create geomagnetic storms large enough to disrupt Earth 's atmosphere ? We may find out this Friday . NASA cameras captured three major solar flares this week -- events in which the sun hurls powerful bursts of matter into the atmosphere . When large enough , these bursts send shock waves -- called coronal mass ejections , or CMEs -- throughout space . These shock waves pose no direct threat to humans , but sometimes , on days such as June 13 , CMEs can be large enough to disrupt GPS , satellite communications and other atmospheric systems , according to NASA . Just our luck . "  A CME ... has been observed moving at a flank from Earth and a glancing blow to Earth from this event is expected on June 13 , " said the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration in a statement . "  An outside chance of at most G1  Minor  Geomagnetic storms remains in the forecast . " Translation : Despite the ominous "  glancing blow " language , there 's no reason to be alarmed . The disruption of communication systems in the atmosphere is still unlikely , even with the impending solar storms . People in remote areas of the Northern Hemisphere may even get a light show Friday night . Some scientists believe the storms will produce brightly colored auroras visible in the night sky , although others disagree . Either way , it 's been awhile since we 've seen such as an event . The last major CME to hit Earth came in 1859 . Tony Phillips , curator of SpaceWeather.com , analyzed the last 17 Friday the 13ths "  for fun " in response to a CNN request . He concluded that Friday 's solar-related activity was an outlier . "  Of course , there is no actual correlation between solar flares and Friday the 13th , " he said in an e-mail to CNN . "  But  today ... is shaping up to be the most active of the past 10 years , albeit not by a wide margin . Friday the 13th in May 2005 was similar . " Phillips , who is also production editor for science at NASA , categorized only four Friday the 13ths in the last decade as "  high solar activity . " Thus , NOAA remains on watch . According to its website , "  forecasters are keeping a close eye on the Sun and we will update you should conditions warrant it . " Solar activity varies in its intensity , but there has been an uptick in solar flares and related episodes in recent years . This is not a surprise . This week , NASA released a statement dubbing this new solar activity a natural occurrence and part of the star 's cycle of life . They called it a "  mini-max . " Because , historically speaking , it 's not that bad . "  This solar cycle continues to rank among the weakest on record , " said NASA adviser Ron Turner in a post online . "  In the historical record , there are only a few Solar Maxima weaker than this one . " He has a point . In all likelihood , the Earth 's atmosphere , satellite systems and humans all will remain unaffected by the solar flares and their corresponding CMEs . Well , maybe we are lucky after all .	Solar flares this week are sending storms Earth 's way Scientists say it 's unlikely humans will see effects Storms , full moon converging above Earth this Friday the 13th U.S. scientists are monitoring situation , will send alerts if necessary
Washington  CNN  -- Nearly a year later , Benghazi remains a flashpoint in Washington for two very different reasons : indefensible pre-attack policy decisions and irresistible post-attack politics . The Obama White House , from the president on down , complains of "  phony " Republican-led congressional investigations . Yet the administration 's own reluctant , and at times inaccurate , responses to congressional inquiries have contributed to the GOP charge that the administration , at a minimum , has been less than transparent . "  We need to get to the bottom of what happened that terrible night , why it happened , and how we can prevent similar tragedies in the future , " House Speaker John Boehner said last week in serving notice the House Benghazi investigations would continue into the fall , and include new subpoenas for documents and testimony if necessary . There are legitimate questions about why repeated and specific warnings about the Benghazi security situation were undervalued or ignored . Both lawmakers and intelligence professionals point to this weekend 's unprecedented wave of Middle East and Africa embassy closings as , at least in part , a lesson learned from the September 11 , 2012 , attack that killed Ambassador Chris Stevens and three other Americans . Embassy closures extended after al Qaeda message intercepted Republicans , however , have at times undermined their own claim to be interested only in legitimate congressional oversight , not what Democrats often label a partisan witch-hunt . Boehner , for example , has at times privately urged lawmakers leading the investigations to focus on what the evidence shows -- and not let their partisan instincts allow their public rhetoric to get out ahead of the facts . Exclusive : Dozens of CIA operatives on the ground during Benghazi attack Also undermining the GOP effort : fund-raising e-mails and videos from Republican and conservative groups asserting a Benghazi cover up orchestrated by President Barack Obama and then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . "  You 've got a very valid point , " Rep. Darrell Issa , chairman of the committee leading the House Benghazi review told CNN in an interview for "  The Truth About Benghazi , " a one-hour program looking at the attack and at the lingering policy and political questions . "  I would prefer that fund-raising by outside groups stay away from the hard work of Congress . "  But it is n't going to happen . " Issa demands more State Department documents on Benghazi Early 2016 jockeying also factors into the politics . Kentucky GOP Sen. Rand Paul says Clinton is responsible for the sub-par security in Benghazi even if , as she says , the stream of warnings and requests for more personnel never reached her desk . "  That 's precisely her culpability , " Paul told CNN . "  When you lead the State Department , decisions in one of the most dangerous countries in the world should rise to your level . That 's your job to make sure those messages get to you . " GOP strategist Kristen Soltis Anderson understands the GOP effort to use Benghazi to tarnish Clinton 's image , but describes her as the most "  formidable " Democratic 2016 hope and adds , "  I do n't know that Benghazi alone would sink a Clinton candidacy for president . " And if the attacks now are somehow designed to discourage Clinton from running , veteran Democratic strategist and Clinton ally Paul Begala suggests an opposite reaction . "  She 's never been a person to back to down to a bully , " Begala said in an interview . "  Hillary is the type of person to be motivated by that . To stand up and fight back . " Benghazi politics often get more attention because of the personalities involved . But there is also a policy divide . Republicans say they do not yet have a full picture of three critical issues : â $ cents Why the warnings did n't reach the point where the State Department either sent more security help or ordered the Benghazi mission closed . â $ cents Why , especially given the weeks of threat warnings , there was no viable military option to assist the State Department personnel at the Benghazi mission and the predominantly CIA-run annex that came under attack later same evening and where two of the four Americans were killed . â $ cents And why , nearly a year later , no one has been brought to justice . New FBI Director James Comey is being pressed to update Congress on the investigation within a month of his officially beginning work next month . Lawmakers press FBI on Benghazi On the military response question , the Pentagon now says it is making significant improvements in its contingency planning for responding to embassies in danger zones . But former Pentagon brass told Congress there was no viable option that night , with then-Defense Secretary Leon Panetta saying the military "  should not be a 911 service capable of being on the scene within minutes . " The top Democrat on the House Armed Services Committee , Rep. Adam Smith of Washington , calls Benghazi a tragedy but labels continued GOP questioning a witch hunt . "  The bottom line is there was not a force available that could get there in time , " Smith told CNN . "  So I do n't think these questions need to be asked again . " GOP Rep. Jason Chaffetz , however , says that his classified briefings have included information that convince him more could have been done . "  How is it that we have a man down , in this case four men down and an injured person , and the cavalry never comes over the hill , " Chaffetz said . On the first question , the administration 's official review , by what is known as the Accountability Review Board , found a series of State Department bureaucratic failures at several levels , but found no negligence . "  A whitewash , " is how Issa describes that analysis . That process was led by veteran diplomat Thomas Pickering , who has served in both Democratic and Republican administrations . Pickering defended the integrity of the review in the weeks after its release . He several times , however , canceled scheduled interviews with CNN and ultimately said his attorney had advised him not to speak to the network . Now , House investigators are pursing documents the review board used in its review and this is likely to be one fall focus . Former CIA Director Michael Hayden , the retired Air Force general and a veteran of many Washington dramas , said GOP talk of a cover up is "  a loaded word . " But he says there is , nearly a year later , a lack of full clarity in determining where the biggest security related mistakes were made . "  This is team ball , " Hayden said . "  There are a lot of people who now look back and say , ' I should have done that . I could have done that . Maybe I could have prevented this . ' "	White House complains of investigations but its reluctant responses contribute to GOP charge Republicans have undermined their claims of oversight that Democrats call a witch hunt Possible presidential candidates ' involvement makes 2016 jockeying a factor Former CIA director says there is still a lack of clarity on what biggest security lapses were
CNN  -- The Internal Revenue Service has placed two employees on administrative leave in connection with a 2010 conference in Anaheim , California , which cost millions of taxpayer dollars . The employees were not identified in a Wednesday statement from IRS Acting Commissioner Danny Werfel , nor were the exact circumstances of their alleged wrongdoing detailed . The incident involved a party inside a private suite at a hotel in Anaheim , the statement said . Food was allegedly provided free of charge , a violation of standards . Political conspiracy or overzealous scrutiny ? Pending further review , the IRS has started the process of removing the employees . "  When I came to IRS , part of my job was to hold people accountable , " Werfel said in the statement . "  There was clearly inappropriate behavior involved in this situation , and immediate action is needed . " Report shows lavish spending at IRS conference The move came just one day after an audit of the agency showed the IRS spent millions of taxpayer dollars on everything from event planners ' commissions to speakers ' fees to guest prizes to parody videos at the 2010 conference . The beleaguered agency -- already snared in controversy over its targeting of conservative groups seeking tax-exempt status -- spent $ 4.1 million on the conference , with "  questionable expenses " comprising much of the budget , according to the report released Tuesday by the Treasury Department 's inspector general for tax administration . The audit notes that a large chunk of that money -- about $ 3.2 million -- came from unused funds allocated for hiring . This was in the same year that the IRS began to single out conservative and tea party groups that sought tax-exempt status , in part because the agency said it did not have the personnel to handle the overwhelming amount of applications pouring in that year . The August 2010 conference , held by the Small Business/Self-Employed division , had 2,600 attendees at three hotels in Anaheim . Latest on the IRS inquiry CNN 's Dana Bash and Ashley Killough contributed to this report .	The agency has started the process to remove the employees The employees ' names have not been released The alleged incident involves a party at a hotel during a conference in California
CNN  -- Borussia Dortmund began the defense of their Bundesliga title with a 2-1 win over Werder Bremen at the Westfalenstadion on Friday . New signing Marco Reus opened his account for the reigning champions with a sweet strike in the 11th minute to send Jurgen Klopp 's men a goal up at the break . "  I think the opening goal was really important for the team , " said Reus , who joined from Moenchengladbach in the summer . "  I had goosebumps when I ran out and I am happy that I am now a Dortmund player , " he added . Efforts to put the game beyond the reach of the visitors in the second half were initially repelled as Bremen goalkeeper Sebastian Mielitz palmed defender Mats Hummels ' header over the bar . Other chances came and went before Bremen drew level with a headed effort of their own from defender Gebre Selassie -- who arrived from Czech champions Slovan Liberec in June -- in the 75th minute . But the home side were not to be denied as Germany international Mario Goetze came off the bench to score the winner six minutes later . The win extends Dortmund 's incredible undefeated run in the league to 29 matches and they are now only seven games short of the Bundesliga record set by Hamburg in the 1982-83 season . The team 's last league defeat -- a 2-1 defeat at Hanover -- came on September 18th last year . Bayern Munich 's quest for a 23rd league title begins at newly-promoted Greuther Fuerth on Saturday , while last season 's third-placed team , Schalke start their season on Sunday with a trip to Hanover .	Borussia Dortmund 's quest for third successive title starts with a 2-1 win against Werder Bremen Jurgen Klopp 's team now undefeated in 29 league matches in a run which stretches back almost a year Title rivals Bayern Munich kick off campaign with a trip to newly-promoted Greuther Fuerth on Saturday Bundesliga celebrating its 50th anniversary during the 2012-13 season
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The daughter of former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher has been axed by a BBC television show after she made an offensive "  off-air " remark , the corporation has confirmed . Margaret Thatcher  left  and her daughter Carol Thatcher in Southampton , England in June 2008 According to reports in the British media , Carol Thatcher referred to a tennis player as a "  golliwog " back stage during the filming of The One Show last Thursday . The remark was made about a male tennis player taking part in the Australian Open tournament in Melbourne . The term is an offensive word for black people used in several countries . She was immediately challenged about her gaffe but dismissed it as a "  joke . " The BBC said it considered "  any language of a racist nature wholly unacceptable , " before adding that it had hoped Thatcher , 55 , would issue an unconditional apology but she had declined to do so . The remark is thought to have upset a number of people on the show , with one BBC spokesman quoted by The Times newspaper as saying : "  We will no longer be working with Carol Thatcher on The One Show . " However , the corporation said on its Web site that she would not be banned from the BBC as a whole . Thatcher 's agent is now demanding an apology from the BBC , the corporation reported Wednesday . Meanwhile , Thatcher 's spokesman told The Times Wednesday that she made the remark in a conversation with the show 's presenter Adrian Chiles back stage . "  Carol never intended any racist comment , " he said . "  She made a light aside about this tennis player and his similarity to the golliwog on the jam pot when she was growing up . There 's no way , obviously , that she would condone any racist comment -- we would refute that entirely . It would not be in her nature to do anything like that . "  It is disgusting that we 've had a leak of private conversations in the green room -- the BBC has more leaks than Thames Water . " The Golliwog first appeared as a character in an 1895 book , "  The Adventures of Two Dutch Dolls , " described by author Florence Kate Upton as "  a horrid sight , the blackest gnome . " Based on a black minstrel doll Upton played with as a child , the character inspired early 20th-Century dolls by several manufacturers and was used as the trademark of James Robertson & Sons , a British jam and preserve maker , in the early 1900s . The term "  wog " became a widely used racial slur for dark-skinned people that grew in popularity among some Britons during World War II . As late as the 1960s , soldiers in Great Britain 's Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders military regiment wore a brooch of one of the Robertson characters for each Arab they killed , according to the Jim Crow Museum of Racist Memorabilia at Ferris State University in Big Rapids , Michigan . The term "  golliwog " is used as racial slur in Germany , England , Ireland , Greece and Australia , according to the museum 's Web site . Carol Thatcher , a winner in 2005 of reality television show "  I 'm A Celebrity ... Get Me Out of Here ! , " was a regular contributor on the BBC prime-time show .	Carol Thatcher referred to a tennis player as a "  golliwog " backstage Thatcher , 55 , described her comment as a "  joke " BBC axed her as a contributer from the prime-time television show Thatcher spokesman : "  Carol never intended any racist comment "
CNN  -- Tom Carson of GQ probably put it best in his review of the return of "  Mad Men " for its sixth season : "  Every year , TV critics get all tingly when our early screeners of ` Mad Men 's ' premiere  episode  show up in the mail , " he writes . Critics are weighing in on the new season which starts Sunday night . Well , weighing in as much as they can as creator Matthew Weiner has asked those who 've been fortunate enough to view the premiere to not share certain details . Weiner 's penchant for secrecy is just adding to the sense of expectation it seems . ` Mad Men ' and the other 1960s "  No showrunner in television history is as obsessed with secrecy as ` Mad Men 's ' Weiner , " writes Andy Greenwald for Grantland . "  He protects even the smallest details of his Emmy-winning show like Dick Whitman guarding the skeletons of his past . Mo Ryan has written a piece about the secrets . "  There 's no problem with the content of "  Mad Men , " which I plan to write about each week this season , " she said . "  What 's making me glum is the draconian code of silence that surrounds the show . " Mad men , mad ` dos : What the late '60s really looked like Weiner did share a few of the plot points with CNN 's Jake Tapper . "  There is a sense that someone like Don and seeing the world through Don 's eyes , who is now 40 , is going to become out of touch , " Weiner said . " And it 's really the story for all of the characters . They 're all sort of moving towards some kind of hopefully reconciliation with who they are , but there 's quite a fire to walk through . " ` Mad Men ' creator : Criticism of Romney based on fact So far the chatter from TV insiders seems positive . Time 's James Poniewozik wrote "  it would be absurd to claim , on the basis of the first two hours , that the show is ` better ' or ` worse ' or even ` as good ' as ever . " "  I liked the episode , a lot , " he said . "  But I also liked , a lot , Mad Men 's season 3 , which until its office-Ocean 's - Eleven finale turned off some fans with its slow pace and melancholy . " Even the smallest details are being anticipated . Seth Stevenson from Slate writes "  What will the clothes and hairstyles look like ? Is it at last time for shaggy sideburns ? Will bras get burned ? Will lapels spread wider ? " Rolling Stone even has a "  Mad Men " cheat sheet to get folks up to speed . The experts are n't the only ones excited . Fans are also eagerly awaiting more of the Sterling Cooper Draper Pryce action . Twitter user JaiMe tweeted "  It 's going to take A LOT of man to get me off of my #madmen crush . I am completely addicted and hooked . I need meds . #madmen . " Even famed author Jackie Collins tweeted "  Ca n't wait for #MadMen ! " Living large in Don Draper 's New York	The return of "  Mad Men " is eagerly awaited Critics have asked to not reveals some plot points "  Mad Men " creator talked to CNN 's Jake Tapper
CNN  -- Alexis Ohanian is a champion of the Internet as a catalyst that lets anyone become a publisher or a promoter of worthwhile causes . But for his first book -- which happens to be about that very topic -- Ohanian is turning to the traditional publishing channels . The book will tentatively be called "  Without Your Permission : How the 21st Century Will Be Made -- Not Managed , " said Ohanian , who co-founded website aggregator Reddit and started his own independent book publisher . To develop the book , he and his agent sought the services of Business Plus , an imprint of the Hachette Book Group-owned Grand Central Publishing . "  There 's a big value that going through a traditional publisher brings to someone like me , " Ohanian said in a phone interview from Malmo , Sweden , where he was speaking at a conference . "  Frankly , I just needed the help . " The tiny , charitable publisher that Ohanian runs , called Breadpig , puts out books for popular Web comics , such as XKCD and Saturday Morning Breakfast Cereal . Because those websites already had fans accustomed to paying for posters , T-shirts and other merchandise , Breadpig did not need to focus on marketing , building online storefronts or dealing with retailers , as most book publishers do . After co-founding , leading and now advising Reddit , which continues to grow as its peers have withered , Ohanian helped launch the fast-growing travel search website Hipmunk . He relinquished his role as head of marketing this summer in order to focus on writing and on his speaking engagements . People in the publishing industry began approaching Ohanian in 2009 after he gave a TED talk about an obscure Web meme called Mister Splashy Pants . The name is taken from a Greenpeace mascot that some blogs and Reddit users helped promote . The book will combine advice for building successful startup ventures and marketing secrets with examples of heartwarming stories about using the Internet for grass-roots campaigns . It will also include doodles , which perhaps should n't be surprising coming from the man who designed the logos for Breadpig , Hipmunk and Reddit . "  Without Your Permission " is expected to be published in early 2013 , according to Rick Wolff , the publisher and editor-in-chief for Business Plus . The publishing house has produced best-sellers from CNN founder Ted Turner , former U.S. Secretary of the Treasury Hank Paulson , and Zappos founder Tony Hsieh . Ohanian , at 28 , is the least experienced of the group , despite his major accomplishments since graduating from the University of Virginia . "  This guy is a real personality , and he obviously knows the Internet , " Wolff said . "  There are a lot of books out there about how to become a success on the Internet . Most of them do n't sell much . " However , Ohanian has Wolff and his team convinced . If the budding author can help rename a serious Greenpeace initiative as Mister Splashy Pants , maybe his viral abilities can sell books , too .	Reddit co-founder Alexis Ohanian says he is writing a book He is leaving his post as head of marketing for travel-search site Hipmunk The book will include tips for Web entrepreneurs and people running viral campaigns
PEOPLE.com  -- Reports that producers of NBC 's "  The Voice " plan to fire coach Christina Aguilera are baseless , says the network . "  There is absolutely no truth to the rumor , " Paul Telegdy , NBC Executive Vice President , Alternative Programming , said in an official statement . Aguilera , 30 , remains under contract for the second season of the singing competition , which is set to premiere next February 5 in a key scheduling slot following the Super Bowl . Cee Lo Green , Adam Levine and Blake Shelton will continue to work alongside Aguilera in the coaching chairs . See full article at PEOPLE.com . © 2011 People and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Aguilera , 30 , remains under contract for the second season of the singing competition "  The Voice " is set to premiere February 5 , following the Super Bowl Cee Lo Green , Adam Levine and Blake Shelton will continue to work alongside Aguilera
London , England  CNN  -- A South African has become so fat on her diet of marshmallows that she 's been taken to England to lose weight . She 's "  quite a character , " her new caretakers say , but settling her into her new home has proven tricky -- she 's an orangutan who has never seen another of her species before . Oshine , the animal , arrived at the Monkey World Ape Rescue Center in southern England last week , the center announced on Twitter . "  We have a new arrival , very large & orange ! " the center said September 1 -- but kept details close to its chest . A day later , it said she was settling in well . "  Our new orange lady has spent the day in the nursery playroom today , she 's doing really well but we have a long way to go , she is obese ! That 's what a diet of marshmallows does , the center tweeted . Weighing in at 100 kilograms  220 pounds  , Oshine is "  the largest orangutan in Britain today , " the center said . She weighs about twice as much as she should , it added . She 'd been kept as a pet in South Africa for 13 years , the center explained . Her owner first contacted Monkey World for help in 2008 . The center has been working to bring Oshine to England since then , it said . "  The care that she received in South Africa was effectively misguided love , " Monkey World Director Alison Cronin told CNN on Wednesday from the center in Wareham , England . She explained that Oshine 's previous owners had kept her as a pet , which she said is never a good idea with primates because they can become aggressive as they enter adulthood . "  Oshine 's care became a problem because she was effectively left on her own for long periods of time during the day when the family were n't there to entertain her , and so they simply tried to keep her busy and happy by feeding her a lot of junk food -- so a lot of candy , a lot of sweets , and processed food , " Cronin said . "  Because she was basically inactive and not flying around through trees and things , she put on an awful lot of weight , and now we have our work cut out for us here at Monkey World to get that weight off of her and to get her fit so that she , too , can become a breeding female and have a family of her own one day . " Late last month , "  The Monkey World team went to Johannesburg , with a specially designed transport box , several days prior to the move " so the orangutan could get used to being in the box . After two days of "  playing " in the box , the door was shut for good and Oshine was on her way to a more natural life in England , the center said . Only on Wednesday did the center finally post pictures of Oshine , revealing her to have such an enormous belly it looks difficult for her to move . A second photo showed her in a cage being moved by forklift to her new home . The center is already itching to see progress , it admitted . "  It 's very early days , " its most recent tweet on Oshine says . "  I so wish I had a magic wand ! " Cronin said the orangutan would be put on a special diet and , with luck , would find a mate at the center . "  Now that she is at the park , we have her on a healthy diet of vegetables and fruits and she is getting a lot more exercise climbing through " a section of the park designed for baby orangutans . "  It will take a few months for Oshine to reach a more appropriate weight and then she will be ready to meet a new man and consider a family of her own , " she said . Orangutans have the slowest metabolism of any of the great apes , even humans , Cronin said , making it a challenge for Oshine to lose the weight -- but as long as she is "  getting all of the exercise and moving around as she should , the weight should start falling off naturally . "	Oshine came from South Africa to England to lose weight She 's never seen another orangutan before , Monkey World says "  We have a long way to go , she is obese ! " the center tweets
CNN  -- Efforts to rescue a research crew aboard a ship stuck in ice off Antarctica stalled Thursday after sea ice conditions made a key element of the rescue plan risky , Australian maritime officials said . The rescue plan called for a helicopter to ferry the passengers from the MV Akademik Shokalskiy to a Chinese vessel , where they would then board a barge to take them to an Australian icebreaker , the Australian Maritime Safety Authority  AMSA  said in a written statement . But the shifting ice conditions prevented the barge from being able to reach the Chinese vessel , the statement said . "  Alternative measures to complete the rescue operation are now being investigated by AMSA and the ships involved , " the statement said . The news is the latest chapter in a saga that began Christmas Eve after the Russian-flagged MV Akademik Shokalskiy got stuck in 10 feet of ice . Even if the rescue begins Friday , it will still be weeks before the research team will make it to Hobart , Australia , John Young of the Australian Maritime Safety Authority said . "  Mid-January is our best guess , " Young told reporters on a conference call . The rescue plan called for the helicopter , which can transport 12 people each trip , to ferry the ship 's 52 passengers -- who include the research team and journalists -- to the Chinese icebreaker called the Snow Dragon , or Xue Long , the maritime agency said . The 22 Russian crew members of the Akademik Shokalskiy will stay aboard , it said . The passengers are then to be transported by barge from the Chinese ship to the Australian icebreaker Aurora Australis . That 's because the Chinese helicopter ca n't land on the Australian icebreaker because of load restrictions , and ice conditions make it unsafe to land it next to the ship , AMSA said . "  The preferred option is to wait for conditions that will allow the rescue to be completed in a single operation to reduce unnecessary risk , " the maritime agency said . The master of the Akademik Shokalskiy has decided to keep the crew members on board until the pack ice eventually breaks up and allows the ship to move again , Young said . The vessel has enough supplies to keep the crew going for "  a very long time , " he said . Failed rescues The planned helicopter rescue follows a failed attempt by the Chinese icebreaker , which made it six nautical miles from the trapped vessel before being stopped by the ice . That was followed by an effort by the Australian icebreaker , which was forced Monday to suspend efforts to reach the expedition because of bad weather . The Aurora Australis got within 10 nautical miles of the ship before it turned back . Over the weekend , an effort by the French icebreaker Astrolabe was called off by the maritime agency . In preparation for the helicopter rescue , members of the research team as well as the crew of the Akademik Shokalskiy marked a makeshift helipad on the ice where the helicopter can land . Video clips posted online by the research team showed people , with arms locked , walking to tamp down the snow . "  As we understand , the helipad was suitable yesterday and will be suitable today , " AMSA 's Richard Wallace said . Once the passengers are safely aboard the Aurora Australis , the ship will complete a resupply mission to Casey Station , an Australian base in Antarctica , before making its way to Hobart , the maritime agency said . Viral sensations The exploits of the research crew have gone viral , thanks in large part to Twitter and YouTube posts by those aboard the stranded vessel . Chris Turney , an Australian professor of climate change at the University of New South Wales , has tweeted photos of the stranded ship , the crew and penguins , who he said -- according to one post on Twitter -- "  to check out what 's going on . " "  The group on this ship is incredibly collegiate , " said Alok Jha , a science correspondent for The Guardian newspaper , told CNN 's Anderson Cooper 360 . "  There are a lot of skills and things people are sharing with each other . " Turney has said there are regular briefings on the status of rescue attempts , and in the meantime , people are doing what they can to keep busy . That includes yoga and Spanish classes , Jha and Turney said . The group even managed to ring in 2014 with good cheer . "  We 're the A , A , E who have traveled far , having fun doing science in Antarctica ! " a dozen or so of them sang in a video posted on YouTube . "  Lots of snow and lots of ice , lots of penguins , which are very , very nice ! "  Really good food and company , but a bloody great shame we are still stuck here ! Ice cold , cha cha cha ! Ice cold , cha cha cha ! " Spirits strong among passengers on ship stuck in Antarctic ice CNN 's Radina Gigova and Jethro Mullen contributed to this report .	NEW : Ice conditions have stalled a helicopter rescue , officials say NEW : Alternative rescue measures are being considered , maritime officials say NEW : "  The preferred option is to wait for conditions that will allow the rescue , " they say Efforts by Australian and Chinese icebreakers to get to the crew have failed
The nurse who tended to Boston Marathon bombing victim Krystle Campbell near the finish line during her final moments of life would like to meet her parents in the hopes he could give them some solace in their grief . Stephen Segatore would like to tell Campbell 's parents that she did n't die alone , and she did n't suffer for long . When EMTs carried a woman into the medical tent where Segatore was volunteering , he was struck by her beauty , her youth and her bright blue eye shadow . The freckles on her face and the shape of her eyes reminded him of his oldest daughter , who is not much younger than the woman who lay on the stretcher before him with multiple wounds , not breathing and unconscious . Even though he knew she probably would n't understand a word he said , Segatore told the woman he was a nurse and would take good care of her . For the next 10 minutes , Segatore , who works in the intensive care unit at Tufts Medical Center in Boston , an EMT and a physician gave her CPR . But a cardiac monitor showed her heart was n't pumping blood . "  The physician called  her death  , " Segatore said . "  The three of us who were working on her let out an expletive , a scream . " The next day he saw a picture of Campbell and realized she was the woman he had tried to save . He knew immediately from the bright blue eye shadow in the photo . It was his only death Monday afternoon , and it has haunted him . Now Segatore would like to speak with the Campbells to tell them about their daughter 's final moments . "  I want them to know she was not alone when she died , " he said . "  We did everything we could to save her , but her wounds were too great . " While he was giving Campbell CPR , he noticed black marks on her face , which he thinks might have been gunpowder , indicating she was very close to the blast . "  I do n't think she lingered . I do n't think she suffered , " he said . "  If it were my daughter , I would want to know that . "	Nurse Stephen Segatore gave bombing victim CPR , but "  wounds were too great " Later Segatore realized the woman was Krystle Campbell , one of three fatalities Segatore would like to speak with Campbell 's parents about her last moments
CNN  -- "  You 're disconnected from the whole entire world , " says Gerri Holterhoff , after her mobile phone drops another call . After Superstorm Sandy walloped the East Coast on Monday night , more than 2 million New Jersey residents , such as 62-year-old Holterhoff of Ocean Township , were left without electricity , heat or cell phone service . Power has been restored to some households , but nearly 1.5 million customers are still in the dark statewide , and many neighborhoods have been left in disarray . The New Jersey coast saw the worst of the storm . In the town of Toms River and surrounding barrier islands , 200 people had to be pulled to safety from encroaching flood waters . Gov. Chris Christie said the damage along the Jersey Shore was "  unthinkable . " Opinion : Jersey Shore , I 'll miss you Located about four miles inland , the suburban community of Ocean Township was n't spared . Though she has n't had to contend with flooding , Holterhoff 's neighborhood is a graveyard of broken tree branches , and no one has power for miles around . Since losing electricity , she has learned to be resourceful . She has no choice . For warm food , she has relied on the charcoal-fueled barbecue grill outside . "  As food was defrosting , I was taking it out and cooking it . Pot pies , toaster cakes -- anything we could do , " she says . Meanwhile , she uses her car battery to charge her cell phone . "  Sometimes at night , I 'm out there charging the phone and have a flashlight and am reading a book , " she says . She 's able to keep up with the news via radio -- "  the only connection to the outside world , " she says -- with batteries that were a gift from neighbors . As temperatures begin to dip into the low 40s at night , she has taken to pacing the rooms of the house she shares with her husband and dog , wearing multiple layers and a hat and scarf to keep warm . Before the storm , she drove three miles to work . Since the storm , she drives , in gridlock and on back roads because of downed stoplights , to shop for ice , gas or food from one of two grocery stores that are open . She says lines at the gas station are backed up about two to three miles with cars . There 's a separate line of people waiting with gas cans to fuel their generators . She must return to her house at 7 p.m. for curfew . On its website , Public Service Electric & Gas Co.  PSE&G  said it may take seven to 10 days to restore power to customers in the areas hit hardest , while Jersey Central Power & Light said the "  majority " of customers will get their power back by next Wednesday . Marshes and malls : Migration to U.S. coast heightens impact of storms "  It 's eerie . It 's very quiet and , as soon as it 's dark , you see nothing , you hear nothing , there 's nothing going on , " she says . That sense has only been amplified for New Jersey residents as stories of looting and petty burglaries have started to circulate . "  We 've had a 6 p.m. curfew since the storm and heard some alarming rumors about stores being robbed or armed break-ins by people pretending to be from PSE&G , " said Ted A'Zary , of Bayonne . "  It was pretty scary on Wednesday when our phones were n't really connecting and we were n't sure we could even contact 911 if we had an emergency , but it has gotten better since then . " Other concerns are high-risk groups such as children , the elderly and the ill . A'Zary says local firefighters have been checking on older residents in the area to ensure that those in need are receiving aid . "  Our largest concern with the lack of heat has been caring for our toddler , " said 41-year-old A'Zary . "  Violet is 17 months old and does n't know how to sleep under a blanket yet . We 've had her sleeping with a sweater over her pajamas inside a fleece SleepSack and are checking her to be sure she 's warm enough after every nap and in the morning . " Brendan Ward , a 23-year-old Glen Rock resident , has also added a few layers of blankets since he lost power on Monday afternoon . "  You wake up and are glad it 's light out . At night , it 's dark and not pleasant , " he says . For the first half of the week , Ward could not even leave his house , where he lives with his parents , because of downed trees and debris blocking his path . Now , he says , he 's staying out of the house as much as possible . In the small town of about 11,000 , he can walk to a few of the surrounding businesses that did n't lose power . "  I 've gone out to eat every night of the week . I went to the same local pizza shop four nights in a row , " he says . While Ward has been able to return to his home , some are n't so lucky : 6,922 people and 48 pets were being cared for in 104 shelters as of Friday , according to the New Jersey Office of Emergency Management . The residents we spoke to were sustaining themselves by eating food they 'd stocked up before the storm or at local restaurants , but some who live in the state are receiving supplemental food from the Federal Emergency Management Agency . As of Friday afternoon , more than 596,000 liters of water and more than 199,000 meals have been transferred from staging bases in Westover , Massachusetts , and Lakehurst , New Jersey , to affected states to supplement their existing inventory , according to FEMA . Long gas lines test residents ' patience While FEMA is helping some , Matt Eckert of Hoboken , who has no power and a flooded basement , is getting by with a little help from his friends . During the day , he showers , charges his phone , eats and drinks at friends ' homes with hot water and electricity . "  We 've really come together as a community . We were all so lucky that our friends had power and , therefore , let us share the bounties of our freezers , " says Eckert . "  Each night we gathered , drank  did n't want the beer to go warm  cooked and socialized before walking back through the dark streets to our own cold apartments . " On Thursday , Eckert 's girlfriend 's family cooked up a feast in the spirit of Thanksgiving , featuring a turkey that had been frozen since Easter and other food that was just going to go bad anyway . Despite his losses , Eckert realized he had a lot to be thankful for . "  Many of us were lucky in Hoboken to only have minimal damage , " he said . "  There are some in town who were not as fortunate , and it is heartbreaking . " 7 health risks in the wake of Superstorm Sandy Like CNN Living on Facebook	Nearly 1.5 million people in New Jersey remain without power Power companies estimate full coverage will be restored by next week Residents are grilling outdoors and relying on friends for electricity and hot water Lines for gasoline are miles long , and the waits are endless
CNN  -- New York 's Cardinal Timothy Dolan sat for questions from lawyers for victims of sexual abuse by priests in Milwaukee while he was that city 's Roman Catholic leader , his office disclosed Wednesday . "  Today Cardinal Dolan had the long-awaited opportunity to talk about his decision nine years ago in Milwaukee to publicize the names of priests who had abused children and how he responded to the tragedy of past clergy sexual abuse of minors , during the time he was privileged to serve as archbishop of Milwaukee , " Joseph Zwilling , a spokesman for the Archdiocese of New York , said in a written statement . "  He has indicated over the past two years that he was eager to cooperate in whatever way he could , and he was looking forward to talking about the good work and progress that took place to ensure the protection of children and pastoral outreach to victims . " Dolan was archbishop of Milwaukee from 2002 to 2009 before taking the same position in New York , the Catholic Church 's top U.S. pulpit . The church has been rocked globally by revelations that it failed to stop the sexual abuse of children by priests for decades , and Dolan 's old archdiocese filed for bankruptcy in the face of numerous lawsuits by victims . The Chapter 11 proceedings led to the discovery that Dolan had approved payments of $ 20,000 to get abusive priests to leave the church in 2003 . The Milwaukee archdiocese confirmed that it had offered the payoffs as "  the most expedient and cost-effective way " to get rid of them . "  Like it or not , the archdiocese is canonically responsible for the financial care of a priest -- even a priest who has committed such a horrible crime and sin such as clergy sexual abuse of a minor , " the archdiocese said in a statement in May that confirmed the payments . A leading victims ' group said it was heartened that Dolan had sat for a deposition , saying he had been "  particularly adept at evading responsibility " for his actions . "  So while these depositions represent progress , it 's crucial to remember that the best way to prevent and discourage future crimes and cover ups is for secular authorities to investigate , charge and convict Catholic officials who hide and enable heinous crimes against kids , " the Survivor 's Network for those Abused by Priests said . Dolan , who also serves as president of the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops , is among the cardinals who will choose a new pope after the resignation of Benedict XVI . Dolan himself was a 33-1 longshot for the papacy as of last week , according to one British bookmaker . Vatican : Pope may change rules to allow replacement vote sooner CNN 's Ross Levitt contributed to this report .	Dolan 's old archdiocese in Milwaukee filed for bankruptcy in the face of abuse lawsuits He "  was eager to cooperate " in the deposition , his office said Dolan is now archbishop of New York and a cardinal who will help choose the next pope
CNN  -- Victoria Azarenka reached the semifinals of the U.S. Open for the first time after battling past defending champion Samantha Stosur in three sets Tuesday . The world No. 1 lived up to her status with a 6-1 4-6 7-6  7-5  victory over the seventh seed from Australia in a match disrupted by a 75-minute rain delay . "  We both showed some excellent tennis , " said Azarenka , who has the best record on hard courts this season with a 30-2 winning margin in WTA Tour events . "  You could feel the pressure all the time . We really both gave it all . We fought really hard , making each other run like crazy . " She will play either French 11th seed Marion Bartoli or Maria Sharapova of Russia , who started playing the second quarterfinal before rain ended the rest of Tuesday 's schedule . "  To be in the semifinals of the U.S. Open for the first time is incredible . I do n't want to stop . I want it bad . I 'm going to do absolutely everything I can here , " said Azarenka , who had beaten Stosur in straight sets in their previous six meetings . "  She really pushed me to dig deep . She kept coming back really strong and keeping me back , and I was n't getting as many opportunities -- I just kept telling myself , ` Do n't be a chicken , come on , just go , go for your shots . ' " Azarenka was two breaks ahead in the first set when the showers hit Flushing Meadows , but did not take long to close it out when the players returned . But Stosur , who sensationally beat Serena Williams in last year 's final , was not going to relinquish her crown easily and gained an early break in the second set . Belarus star Azarenka broke back immediately , but dropped her service gain to trail 4-3 and could not recover . It was the first set she had lost in the final grand slam of the season . The final set saw Azarenka twice lead after breaks , but with tension mounting Stosur twice retrieved the breaks to set up a tiebreaker . Again Azarenka pulled ahead to a 4-0 lead , but showing signs of nerves she gave up the advantage as the champion leveled at 5 points each . But a clever drop volley on the next point set up Azarenka for match point and she was soon celebrating victory after nearly two and a half hours of quality tennis as Stosur hit a return wide . Third seed Sharapova will need to show the resilience she displayed in her previous match against Nadia Petrova if she is to progress to the semifinals in New York since she won the title in 2006 . The French Open champion dropped her serve twice against Bartoli to trail 4-0 when play was halted . However , she has won 23 of 24 matches that have gone to three sets since the start of 2011 , including 11 this year . Bartoli , who beat former Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova in the previous round , has never got this far in the tournament in 10 previous attempts , with her best showing having been reaching the fourth round in 2007 and 2008 . Wednesday 's remaining last-eight clashes will see Wimbledon and Olympic champion Williams take on fellow former world No. 1 Ana Ivanovic of Serbia and an all-Italian clash between Sara Errani and Roberta Vinci . French Open singles finalist Errani will become the world 's top-ranked doubles player on Monday , while her partner Vinci will be the new No. 2 after they reached the semifinals with victory against Germany 's Julia Gorges and Czech Kveta Peschke . They will replace former joint No. 1s Lizel Huber and Lisa Raymond of the U.S. -- whose title defense ended in round three . Errani and Vinci are battling for the honor of being the first player from their country to reach a singles semifinal at a grand slam other than the French Open .	Victoria Azarenka battles past defending U.S. Open champion in New York World No. 1 Azarenka wins deciding tiebreak against Samantha Stosur First time in the last four at Flushing Meadows for Belarus star She will play Maria Sharapova or Marion Bartoli , whose match was halted by rain
CNN  -- Lebanon could have no more fitting symbol of its tumultuous history than its national flag . Emblazoned with a green cedar tree against a white background , framed between two red bands , an official account states the white represents peace , the red , the blood that has been spilled in the name of liberation and the tree , survival . Situated on the eastern-most lip of the Mediterranean basin -- in a region once known as the Levant -- Lebanon stands at the gateway between Christian Europe and the Arab Middle East and North Africa . Throughout its history it has been the scene of bitter struggles . As far back as 332BC , Alexander the Great -- realizing its importance as a strategic gateway to the Mediterranean -- led a seven-month siege at Tyre , modern Lebanon 's fourth largest city . Originally an island city , Alexander spared no effort in taking the Phoenician city state , constructing a 1km-long causeway to connect the island with the mainland as part of his invasion plan . Part of the Ottoman Empire from the early 16th century , Lebanon became a French mandate after World War I and achieved independence in 1943 . In the 20th century , it suffered violent shifts in its fortunes . Once known as the "  Paris of the East " because of its cosmopolitan nature , Beirut proudly boasted that it was the only city in the world where you could swim in the Mediterranean in the morning and then drive to the mountains to go skiing in the afternoon . Others compared it with Switzerland as its reputation grew as a financial center in the 1960s . Until the mid-1970s the country prospered , but conflict between the Christian and Muslim communities , the influx of Palestinian refugees , and repeated wars in the region destabilized the country . Civil war erupted in 1975 and did not end until 1990 . The first general elections in 20 years were held in 1992 . The civil war broadly pitted Palestinian and pro-Palestinian Muslim militias against Lebanon 's Christian militias , devastating the country in the process . An estimated 150,000 people were killed and thousands fled the country . The Lebanese diaspora is thought to be around 14 million , according to the British Foreign and Commonwealth Office  FCO  , with the majority in Brazil and the United States . The country had an estimated 4,125,247 people in July 2010 , according to figures from the CIA Factbook , although no official census has been taken since 1932 because of the sensitive political balance between Lebanon 's various religious groups . The country is known to have a "  confessional democracy " and refers to a system of government whereby political and institutional power is distributed proportionally among religious communities . The presidency is reserved for a Maronite Christian , the prime minister is a Sunni Muslim and the speaker of parliament a Shia Muslim . According to the FCO , Lebanon is home to 18 separate religious sects and several different ethnic groups . Key to understanding Lebanon is its fractious and often bloody relationship with its neighbors , Israel and Syria . With the formation of Israel in 1948 , thousands of Palestinian refugees flooded into Lebanon altering the country 's finely balanced demographic . According to the United Nations Relief and Works Agency  UNRWA  , the international body set up to ensure the welfare of Palestinian refugees , there are about 400,000 officially registered Palestinian refugees in Lebanon , or approximately 10 % of the population . Just under half of the refugees continue to live in camps . In 1982 , Israel launched a full-scale invasion of Lebanon to counter the Palestinian Liberation Organization  PLO  . That year the Shia militia group Hezbollah was formed with the purpose of ridding Lebanon of Israeli influence . Most Israeli troops were withdrawn by 1985 , although Israel remained in the south until 2000 when it dismantled a 12-mile security buffer zone it had maintained inside Lebanese territory since 1978 . Lebanon 's eastern neighbor Syria has also been influential in the country 's affairs and internal politics . Syrian troops arrived in 1976 shortly after the civil war started and did not leave until 2005 . Their withdrawal was precipitated by the assassination of former Prime Minister Rafik Hariri . Many anti-Syrian elements within Lebanon blamed the assassination on the Syrian government and the pro-Bashar al-Assad Hezbollah , claims they denied . Even with ongoing political tensions and spasms of violence , since 2005 , Lebanon has worked hard to emerge from this bitter legacy , reinventing itself as trendy tourist destination . Thanks to the rejuvenation of war-torn central Beirut , one of the largest and most ambitious urban redevelopment projects in the region , Beirut is once more laying claim to its as title of the "  Paris of the East . " But even as the nightspots and cafes begin to repopulate a battered Beirut , the country remains a hostage to its geopolitical position . According to the U.N. refugee agency , as of August this year , Lebanon had received more than 30,000 refugees from Syria as conflict there rages , once again testing the resilience of its people . CNN 's Eye On series often carries sponsorship originating from the countries we profile . However CNN retains full editorial control over all of its reports . Read the policy	Country on eastern edge of Mediterranean Sea has a tumultuous recent history Capital Beirut was once known as ` Paris of the East ' , city now renowned for nightlife and culture Country has what is known as a ` confessional democracy ' developed after civil war from 1975 to 1990
CNN  -- What 's worse : racist monkey chants or being one minute late ? The answer appears to be 60 seconds of tardiness , if the fines dished out by UEFA this week are anything to go by . European football 's governing body caused outrage by fining Manchester City $ 30,000  $ 40,000  for running onto the pitch "  less than 60 seconds late " -- which was $ 10,000  $ 13,000  more than Porto 's punishment for fans ' racist abuse during a match against the English club . Now , with just weeks until the European Championships in Poland and Ukraine -- countries with a reputation for neo-Nazi groups in the stands -- pressure is mounting on UEFA to prove it is serious about tackling racism . The world will be watching the best teams in Europe go head-to-head , but they 'll also be closely monitoring the one million fans expected to fill stadiums across the countries . "  This fine does nothing to help UEFA 's reputation in relation to how it tackles discrimination in football , " says Herman Ouseley , head of anti-racism group Kick It Out . "  We 've seen significant punishments meted out in the past but , as an organization , the line it takes on such matters has lacked consistency . "  With the European Championships looming , and the potential flashpoints which may occur during the tournament with right-wing groups in eastern Europe , this seems to conflict with the strong anti-racism message UEFA should be promoting . " UEFA has been accused of double-standards after fining Manchester City 50 % more than Porto for returning to the field late after the halftime break in a Europa League match against Sporting Lisbon last month . The Portuguese club , in comparison , was charged $ 20,000 after its fans made monkey chants towards black City players Mario Balotelli and Yaya Toure during the previous round at Estadio do Dragao . The decision raises serious questions over UEFA 's commitment to tackling racism in a part of the world still struggling against extremism . The ugly cloud of racism hanging over football in Poland and Ukraine was highlighted earlier this year in an investigation by campaign group Never Again . Its report , called "  Hateful , " detailed 195 individual incidents of racist and discriminatory behavior in an 18-month period from September 2009 to March 2011 , a figure that underlines the amount of work that still needs to be done . "  Unfortunately it seems racism is deeply rooted in the culture of soccer , especially in Eastern Europe , " Rafal Pankowski , head of the Poland-based organization , told CNN last year . "  Of course it 's a broader problem , affecting countries such as Spain and Italy , but it is a real issue in Eastern Europe . "  There is goodwill at the top of UEFA to deal with the issue , but their genuine commitment does not translate to national football federation level and this is where more awareness raising needs to be done , " Pankowski said . Keeping an eye on the crowd in Poland and Ukraine will be members from Football Against Racism in Europe  FARE  , who 'll be reporting discriminatory behavior back to UEFA . FARE has called for greater charges for racist fans . But executive director Piara Powar was also quick to point out the strict rationale behind UEFA 's fines this week -- and the need to better communicate this to the public . "  UEFA has a very clear system of sanctions . I think the reason for the disparity in fines is this is the fourth time in two seasons that Man City have been late to play , " he said . "  Whereas Porto have n't been in front of UEFA in three or four years . It 's an important point that has n't come across in the media . " CNN contacted UEFA to ask for clarification of the fines , but did not receive an official response . The ruling body , however , does have a strong stance against racism , and has worked closely with FARE since 2001 . Powar said extremist fans -- known as "  ultras " -- are still a major issue in eastern Europe and his team will be looking for neo-Nazi paraphernalia throughout the tournament , which runs from June 8 to July 1 . However , Powar admitted that Poland 's inclusion in the European Union in 2004 had significantly helped it reduce extremism . "  This is new territory for a major competition to go to a place like Poland or Ukraine . It 's fantastic it 's going to a new place , but it also means there are bigger challenges we face , " he said . "  Our ongoing challenge is to get the message out to countries where African players , who are n't common , are being abused . "	UEFA under fire for fining Man City more for being late , than Porto for fans ' racist chants Pressure on UEFA to crackdown on racism ahead of European Championships Ugly cloud of racism continues to hang over eastern Europe , campaign groups claim Fourth offense for Man City and first offense for Porto major factor amount fined
New York  CNN  -- When I was growing up , my friends and I all wanted to be cool -- like Al Pacino , Robert De Niro or , of course , the king of cool at the time : Fonzie .  I should note that I grew up in an Italian neighborhood . Being "  cool " was a good thing . Today it appears that being "  cool " could be a bad thing , at least if you are running for president of the United States . That theory surfaced in an ad from a Republican super PAC headed by Karl Rove . The super PAC American Crossroads argues in its campaign ad that Barack Obama is "  too cool " to be president . The attack ad shows President Obama "  slow jamming " the news on Jimmy Fallon 's NBC late-night talk show , singing an Al Green song and chugging a beer .  Obama drinking a beer must confuse those Republicans who still think he is a Muslim . Sure , Obama can sing , spar with late-night comedians and charm talk-show hosts . Still I am not so sure I would classify him as being "  too cool . " To me , Obama is more of a mix of cool and nerdy -- sort of a cross between Denzel Washington and Harry Potter . Obama may have soul , but he likely also has "  Star Wars " toys . You could even say he may be more geeky than cool . Obama has long collected comic books and when he recently posed for a picture with the actress who played Lt. Uhura on "  Star Trek , " Obama admitted he was a Trekkie -- he even flashed the Vulcan salute which means "  live long and prosper . On the geek to cool meter , that definitely tips towards geekdom . And yet in today 's world , geeks can actually be cool . They 're no longer depicted the way they were in the "  Revenge of the Nerds " movies with pocket protectors , calculator watches and Coke-bottle lens glasses . Geeky people are the model of success , the ultimate expression of cool -- think the late Steve Jobs . At the risk of agreeing with Rove , I think he 's correct that Obama would be considered cool . But is that bad ? Rove thinks so . Indeed , Rove 's ad claims that "  America got one cool president " but then cites statistics showing job losses for young people . The ad concludes by posing the question : "  After four years of a celebrity president , is your life any better ? " Taking Rove 's argument to its logical "  Spock " - type conclusion -- if Obama was not cool , he would be a great president and America would be better off . Let 's see if that theory is accurate . No one would argue that George W. Bush was cool . Yet if Rove 's proposition is correct , Bush should have been one of the greatest presidents ever . While some may miss Bush -- and those people would be mostly comedians such as myself -- by the time he left office , he had a 22 % approval rating , one of the lowest ever for an outgoing president . So it appears that lack of cool does not equal fantastic president . What is Rove 's real point ? Is it personal ? Was Rove picked on as a child by the cool kids in his school ? Did they give him wedgies or not let him sit with them at the lunch table in the cafeteria ? Is this ad simply Rove 's "  Revenge of the Nerds " moment to lash out at Obama for being the cool guy ? Maybe but more likely it 's political . Rove knows that the presumptive Republican nominee Mitt Romney is at best "  cool-challenged . " Rove is simply trying to turn one of Obama 's assets into a liability . Will it work ? Do we want a less than cool president ? And if this ad gets traction , will Rove release other ads attacking Obama 's strengths ? Will we soon see ads claiming Obama is "  too articulate " or in too good a shape to be president ? Only time will tell , but if this is the type of ridiculous argument we are hearing six months from Election Day , I ca n't even imagine the insanity we will see as we get closer to November 6 . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dean Obeidallah .	A Karl Rove-led super PAC ran ad saying Obama is "  cool " but ineffective Dean Obeidallah says he thought being cool was a good thing He says Rove 's group realizes Mitt Romney is "  cool-challenged " Obeidallah : The ad seeks to convert an Obama positive into a negative
CNN  -- Reports that Schapelle Corby could earn millions of dollars for her first post-jail media interview have triggered howls of protest that crime will have paid for the Australian drug trafficker . But legal experts say Australia 's proceeds of crime laws could ultimately make it a challenge for her to hold on to any profits made from selling her story . A high-profile breakfast host for Australian television network Seven -- the broadcaster tipped to be the front-runner to secure the Corby interview -- spoke out on-air Tuesday voicing his disapproval at unconfirmed reports his bosses were set to pay A$ 2 million  about $ 1.8 million  for her story . "  I reckon we should have nothing to do with her as a network . Totally disagree with paying a convicted drug smuggler A$ 2 million , " said David Koch , co-host of the Sunrise program . "  I know Indonesia 's corrupt and all that sort of stuff , but you know , she 's convicted , so why pay the money ? " Seven did not respond to CNN 's request for comment , but in Bali , Seven journalist Mike Willesee told reporters outside the luxury compound where Corby has been staying with her family that the network was paying for security guards attached to her since her release . He said a deal had not yet been struck to secure the interview , but disputed the amounts cited by Koch . Corby , 36 , was released on parole from a prison in Bali , Indonesia , Monday after being convicted almost nine years ago of smuggling 9 pounds  4.1 kilograms  of marijuana into Bali 's Denpasar International Airport . She has maintained she was the victim of a set-up and many Australians sympathize with her cause . Her case has attracted immense interest from Australian media , and on her release she was mobbed by a throng of reporters chasing an interview . But Jenna Price , senior lecturer in journalism at the University of Technology , Sydney , said forking out big dollars for the Corby interview "  could backfire " on the network that successfully bid on her story this time . She said there was a long tradition of "  checkbook journalism " by Australia 's highly competitive commercial broadcasters , stretching back to the Lindy Chamberlain case in the 1980s . But while popular sentiment surrounding certain stories , such as the Beaconsfield mine collapse survivors , held that subjects were entitled to financially benefit from their experiences , public sympathy for , and interest in , Corby appeared to have waned in the years since her conviction . "  I just do n't think people feel very fondly about Schapelle Corby . They just do n't , " said Price . "  They did , and then they got bored with her . " On social media , many were critical of the reports of an impending big payday for Corby . "  I see a line of pot smugglers heading towards Bali , thinking ` In 10 years , I 'll be rich ! ' " wrote Twitter user @milesb . "  That 's 200k per year her jail time ... Plus other money she 's going to make ... Not a bad wage , " wrote @Crafterxxx . Checkbook journalism by television networks has been under scrutiny in Australia recently , after Seven reportedly paid a significant sum for an interview with the partner of Simon Gittany , subsequently sentenced today to 18 years for having murdered his former girlfriend . Price said the negative public response to Corby 's potential paycheck were in part "  a response to being bored to tears " by the saga . "  The entire time she 's been in prison , every bit of Schapelle 's life has been thoroughly explored . What more could she possibly tell us ? " She said unimpressive ratings for a telemovie based on Corby 's story were evidence of the public 's fatigue . "  It 's staggering to me that Seven is doing this because they must have had some indication that the audience was tiring of the story . " Hugh McDermott , senior law enforcement lecturer at Charles Sturt University , said Corby could find it difficult to hold on to any money earned for an interview , due to Australian laws allowing the government to seize assets acquired through the proceeds of criminal activity . Australian authorities had previously used those provisions to seize Corby 's earnings from a magazine interview , he said . "  There 's a real question as to whether there would be an appetite to go after her , because she is so popular here in some sectors , but there are people in Indonesian law enforcement who would very much like to go after her if she 's paid that money , " he said . Under an agreement between Australia and Indonesia , Indonesian authorities could request that their Australian counterparts act to recover the funds . However , Corby could attempt to put the money beyond reach of officials by placing it in an offshore bank account or trust , he said . "  If she 's smart , she will put the money offshore so it ca n't be touched , " he said . The first clear picture of Corby since her release appeared in Australian media Tuesday , a picture of her toasting her freedom with a beer alongside her brother . The picture was subsequently removed from websites amid a dispute over who owned , and who had been paid for , the photo .	Australian TV networks are chasing an interview with drug trafficker Schapelle Corby A tradition of checkbook journalism means she stands to earn a significant amount A host for the network tipped to secure the interview has publicly criticized any payment Experts say any funds could be recovered by authorities under proceeds of crime laws
CNN  -- According to popular wisdom , attempting to reinvent the wheel is the ultimate in design folly . But this did n't stop object designer Duncan Fitzsimmons from giving it a go . When he sat down at his desk to begin work on the Morph Wheel , Fitzsimmons took on the design challenge -- and the results might just turn out to be revolutionary . In both senses of the word . The Morph is a detachable wheelchair wheel that can compress to around half of its original width . It is designed to provide greater flexibility and mobility to the estimated 65 million people around the world who need a wheelchair . The folding wheel was originally created as a folding bicycle wheel by Fitzsimmons when he was a graduate student at the Royal College of Arts in London . But calls from the wheelchair community suggested to him that the design would possibly be more useful to wheelchair users . "  When people say ` is this reinventing the wheel ? ' , that 's a phrase that everyone knows , " Fitzsimmons says , "  but it 's really redesigning the wheel to make it just a little bit better . That 's really what you 're trying to do when you 're designing any product . " The main advantage of the Morph , the designer says , is that it can fit into small spaces , allowing wheelchair users greater flexibility when traveling by car , train or airplane . "  This project started out by looking at the problems caused by large wheels if you 're looking at folding bicycles , or the space needed for a folding wheelchair , " says Fitzsimmons . "  Having a small wheel or a large wheel dictates the entire design of the wheelchair and what you can do with it . If you can fold a big wheel up into a smaller space , then suddenly for the first time you can get the best of both worlds . You can have a wheelchair that has all the advantages of having a large wheel , but can also be stored into a much smaller space . " David Constantine co-founder of Motivation , a charity that aims to help people with mobility impairments , says that in his view the Morph wheel could be useful in both developed countries and the developing world . "  I can see all kinds of uses for this , " says Constantine , "  certainly in the context of the US and more developed countries ... car boots , airplane lockers , any sort of small space you might want to pack a small chair into . "  Not everybody uses a chair every day , so if it has got quick-release wheels and you fold the chair up and you fold these down flat storage is easy for people who do n't use a wheelchair all the time . "  In the context I work in developing countries , if it 's low-cost enough , people often live in one room with the whole families , so they often want a folding wheelchair just to keep it out of the way when they 're either in bed or sat on the floor cooking , and so again , something that packs down as small as this would be extremely useful . " The Morph wheel has received awards around the world , including the transport category at the London Design Museum design of the year awards 2013 , and the 2013 Popular Science Best of What 's New award in the Health category . Morph Wheels are available online from Maddak . Andrew Stewart and Matthew Ponsford contributed to this article	London-based designer invents foldable wheel for wheelchair users Morph wheel can compress to almost to almost half its original width Invention could provide greater flexibility when traveling by train , car or airplane Foldable wheel received design award from the London Design Museum
LONDON , England  CNN  -- "  This is ground control to Major Tom , " sang David Bowie about a fictional astronaut lost in orbit in 1969 . Now , 40 years later Bowie 's son Duncan Jones has released his own space oddity . Sam Rockwell plays a moon worker nearing the end of his contract with Lunar Industries which mines precious gas , Helium-3 . Jones ' debut feature "  Moon " is a thoughtful , stylish sci-fi thriller set in the near future amid the monochromatic wastelands of Earth 's closest satellite . It is a contemplative character-driven piece of filmmaking that is particularly smart and accomplished because Jones has managed to create the film 's universe with next to no money . But then , "  Moon " is n't your average sci-fi : Stylistically , it 's very different from the big budget , spectacle-driven science fiction being made by Hollywood studios today . With a storyline about alienation rather than aliens , this retro delight is peppered with references to 20-year-old classics like Ridley Scott 's "  Alien " and cult films like "  Outland , " starring Sean Connery . It includes an inspired turn by Kevin Spacey as computer GERTY , whose automaton voice bears a creepy resemblance to HAL 9000 , the ruthless computer in Stanley Kubrick 's seminal space opera , "  2001 : A Space Odyssey . " "  We wear our references on our sleeve , " Jones , whose mother is David Bowie 's first wife , Angela Bowie , told CNN . "  It is a period of science fiction we are both huge fans of and we miss that kind of film . " His partner and inspiration in this project is quirky actor Sam Rockwell who he was determined would take the lead in his debut feature . Rockwell plays Sam Bell , a moon worker nearing the end of his contract with Lunar Industries which mines Helium-3 , the precious gas thought to be the solution to Earth 's energy crisis . "  In some ways we worked backwards , " says the 38-year-old who met Rockwell to discuss another film that did n't work out . "  The very first thing I knew was that Sam Rockwell was going to star . "  I knew I wanted to work with him because he 's just so talented , and he also just happens to be such a nice guy . "  I said , ` Look , I really want to work with you . I really want you to be in my first film . Let me go away and write something for you . ' " The pair discovered a shared love of science fiction films from the late 1970s and early 1980s , like "  Silent Running " starring Bruce Dern . "  Real , character-driven stories about working class , blue-collar people working and living in space , " explains Jones . This was the seed of Jones ' screenplay and the moon seemed the obvious place to set it . "  Everyone has a relationship with the moon but at the same time it remains so mysterious . We may have been there , but only briefly . " Nine months later Jones had worked up a script and , with his leading man secured , he had to come up with a plan for how to make a traditionally pricey sci-fi on a budget of $ 5 million . "  It was a challenge , " Jones acknowledges . "  Science fiction by its nature is very expensive because you have to build everything ; you have to build the entire universe that our film takes place in . "  If there 's anything in shot , you 're probably going to have to have it designed and built and then there 's special effects on top of that . " To keep costs down , Jones used model miniatures for the exterior shots of the moon base and the lunar buggy that Bell drives across the cold regolith to tend to the monstrous Helium-3 harvesting machines traversing the planet . He shot the entire film in a studio and on a sound stage at Shepperton Studios , near London , England , which allowed them to completely control the environment . All of Jones ' ideas in the film are based on what could be fact in the near future . Much of his inspiration came from a book by U.S. aerospace engineer and manned Mars exploration advocate , Robert Zubrin called "  Entering Space : Creating a Spacefaring Civilization . " One of the chapters in Zubrin 's theoretical guide to expanding human settlement across the solar system was about setting up a Helium-3 mining facility on the moon . "  It always stuck in my head as a really interesting idea , " says Jones . "  Hard science fiction , science fiction that builds out of scientific potential or extrapolating from what 's possible -- that 's the science fiction I find most interesting . " "  Moon " was screened on request at the NASA Space Center , where they are doing research into Helium-3 mining . The researchers quizzed him on his moon base design choices and discussed their research , including "  mooncrete , " a special concrete made of lunar rock and water from the moon 's polar caps . Jones will continue to mine the rich seam of classic science fiction in his next film , "  Mute . " He has likened it to a Berlin-based version of "  Blade Runner , " Ridley Scott 's bleak vision of a future Los Angeles . He hopes to replicate the success of "  Moon " which won Best New British Feature at this year 's Edinburgh International Film Festival : "  What we 're finding now is that there is a real interest and hunger for this kind of film . "	Duncan Jones aka Zowie Bowie wrote and directed debut feature , "  Moon " Sci-fi thriller made for only $ 5 million , stars Sam Rockwell and Kevin Spacey Film 's retro look borrows heavily from sci-fi classics like Ridley Scott 's "  Alien " Film was screened at NASA for scientists researching Helium-3 mining
ORLANDO , Florida  CNN  -- The man accused of trying to sneak bomb-making materials on a flight from Orlando to Jamaica admitted he planned to build a bomb after he landed , according to an FBI agent . Witnesses say the man arrested Tuesday was "  rocking left and right and up and down . " The man said he planned to "  detonate the device on a tree stump in Jamaica , but later told us he was going to show friends how to build explosive devices like the kind he saw in Iraq , " FBI agent Kelly Boaz said in a court affidavit . The first court appearance for the man , Kevin Brown , was postponed Wednesday to allow government officials time to look into whether he suffers from mental illness . U.S. Army officials said Brown was in the service from September 1999 through December 2003 , when he received an honorable discharge . Although his record did not show a deployment to Iraq , he received an Army commendation medal in 2003 for serving in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom , officials said . His court-appointed attorney declined to comment . Brown , a Jamaican national , was arrested Tuesday on charges of "  carrying a weapon or explosive on an aircraft , " the FBI said . He was taken into custody after an air safety officer noticed him acting strangely as he waited to board an Air Jamaica flight , federal authorities said . He appeared in court Wednesday but government officials asked for the delay , saying there were indications Brown might have a history of mental illness . A new hearing is scheduled for 3:30 p.m. Thursday . Transportation Safety Administration officials said a "  behavior identification officer " noticed Brown acting strangely around noon Tuesday as he approached a ticket counter . Officials said Brown , who is believed to be in his early 30s , had checked baggage that contained two galvanized pipes , end caps , two containers of BBs , batteries , glass bottles containing nitromethane , a laptop , bomb-making literature and one model rocket igniter . Boaz , a member of law enforcement bomb squad , said the items could have been used to make bomb . "  The items found in Brown 's baggage constitute an incendiary device , " Boaz said in court papers . "  The nitromethane was in a breakable container and the model rocket igniter would act as the wick . " Initial record checks indicate Brown was in the United States legally , the FBI said . According to the bureau , he was living on the streets in Orlando , "  sleeping in the open . " Federal investigators said he seems to have been living in several places , sometimes with relatives , and they do n't know his home town . "  It appears to be an isolated incident , but our investigation is continuing , " the FBI 's David Couvertier told CNN . As part of the probe , officials are looking at whether Brown has ties to any organized group , he said . The FBI is being aided by Orlando police . Airport officials said several ticket counters were temporarily closed during the incident , and 11 flights were delayed . Airport spokeswoman Carolyn Fennell said Air Jamaica , Air Canada , West Jet and Frontier flights were among those delayed . E-mail to a friend CNN National Correspondent Susan Candiotti and Rich Phillips contributed to this report .	NEW : Kevin Brown was honorably discharged from the Army Brown admitted he planned to build a bomb after he landed , court documents say FBI : Brown was arrested for carrying a weapon or explosives onto a plane Brown tried to board flight at Orlando airport Tuesday
Kurdish fighters from Iraq will enter the besieged Syrian border city of Kobani soon to reinforce fellow Kurds who are defending against ISIS , a Peshmerga general told CNN on Tuesday . "  The Peshmerga have been ready for a few days , then had logistical problems , but they no longer do , " Brig. Gen. Halgurd Hikmat said of the Iraqi Kurdish forces . He added that "  we now have an agreement with Turkey on this . " The fighters were en route Tuesday , a Ministry of Peshmerga official who would n't give his name because of operational security reasons told CNN . One group traveling by air landed in Turkey early Wednesday , according to media reports . Earlier , the official with the Ministry of Peshmerga -- effectively the defense ministry for the semiautonomous Kurdistan Regional Government in northern Iraq -- said 161 Peshmerga fighters were making the trip . The troops have weapons "  that will be of good help to our brothers in Kobani , " said the official . Another group of fighters was traveling on the ground , according to Turkey 's semi-official Anadolu News Agency . That group is armed with heavy weapons , Anadolu reported . A senior adviser to Kurdish President Masoud Barzani tweeted Wednesday that the fighters would eat breakfast in Kobani with Syrian Kurdish fighters . The Peshmerga militia generally defends the Kurdish region in northern Iraq and has battled ISIS in that nation . Turkish officials were not immediately available to comment . But Turkey has previously said it will allow the Peshmerga to pass through its territory into Syria to join the fight for Kobani , which lies on the Syrian-Turkish border . Kobani , known in Arabic as Ayan al-Arab , is a largely Kurdish town defended by a Kurdish-Syrian militia . With ISIS controlling the Syrian land surrounding Kobani , the Peshmerga 's easiest path into Kobani is through Turkey . Hikmat would not confirm how the Kurdish fighters from Iraq would join the Kurdish defenders in Kobani but said they would bring weapons and would participate in the fighting . The weapons would be Saddam Hussein-era gear collected in Iraq , not new coalition armaments , Hikmat added . Iraqi forces , Peshmerga claim gains against ISIS ISIS , or the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , captured portions of Syria and Iraq this year in its bid to establish what it says is an independent Islamic nation . ISIS began attacking Kobani in September . The Ministry of Peshmerga official also said Tuesday that the Peshmerga would be in Kobani on Tuesday night or Wednesday morning . Major shift for Turkey Turkey 's decision to let the Peshmerga traverse Turkish territory to reinforce the Kurdish fighters in Kobani represented a major policy shift . The Syrian Kurdish fighters , part of the People 's Protection Units , or YPG , have ties to the Kurdistan Workers ' Party , or PKK , which has fought a 30-year guerrilla war against the government of Turkey , where about 20 % of the population is Kurd . Turkey , the European Union and United States consider the PKK a terrorist organization . Earlier this month , Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan said both the Syrian Kurdish and ISIS militants were "  terrorists . " The Turkish government also has bristled at the United States ' efforts to parachute weapons , ammunition and medicine to YPG fighters . But while Turkey did nothing to intervene in Kobani , Kurds protested in Turkish streets . More than 30 people were killed in cities around Turkey this month as ethnic Kurds clashed with Islamist and nationalist groups as well as Turkish police . Turkey announced October 20 that it would allow Iraqi Peshmerga to travel into Kobani through Turkey .	Some Kurdish fighters from Iraq have arrived in Turkey , media reports say Official : More than 160 Iraqi Kurdish fighters heading to Syrian Kurdish town of Kobani Turkey has said it would allow the fighters to enter Kobani through Turkey Kobani has been under ISIS attack since September
A long-running losing streak dating back to 2006 in Washington has finally come to an end . Theodore Roosevelt has won the presidents ' race at Nationals Park after more than 500 consecutive losses . For years , baseball fans have repeatedly watched the foam-headed version of the 26th president lose the traditional mascot footrace held during a break in the fourth inning of Nationals ' home games . Fans , and even some politicians , began a public campaign to "  Let Teddy Win . " The caricatures of Thomas Jefferson , Abraham Lincoln and even George Washington have conspired to prevent Teddy from crossing the finish line first . But not Wednesday , the last game of the regular season against the Philadelphia Phillies . As the presidents rounded the warning track along the right-field wall , the older three American leaders were tripped by a version of the Phillie Phanatic mascot and fell to the ground . Teddy broke free from the pack and turned the corner along the first baseline . The crowd erupted in cheers and chanted "  Ted-dy , Ted-dy . " No. 26 sprinted the final stretch , winning by a wide margin . Victory belonged to the foam Rough Rider . The president with the most victories is Lincoln , with a stunning 214 wins . Teddy and his Washington Nationals are now both in uncharted winning territory , as playoff baseball will return to the nation 's capital for the first time since 1933 . The Nats clinched the National League 's East Division over the weekend .	The mascot race involves four foam-headed caricatures of presidents Teddy Roosevelt had never beat Honest Abe and crew The rival Philadelphia Phillies ' mascot gave him the help he needed The Nationals head into the playoffs , like Teddy , on a winning streak
Jakarta , Indonesia  CNN  -- Three Christian churches in Indonesia were destroyed by an angry mob during clashes with police Tuesday that erupted after a local court handed down a verdict against a Christian man accused of blasphemy against Islam , authorities said . The man was given a five-year sentence , said national police spokesman Col. Boy Rafli Amar , but the protesters wanted him to face a stiffer penalty . The destroyed churches were in Temanggung , Central Java , Amar said . "  The scene is now under police control , " he said . "  It 's calm but security is high . " Security personnel are searching for those responsible for the attack on the churches , and authorities are "  asking local religious leaders to stay calm and find diplomatic ways to solve the problem . " The attacks were the second violent incident against minority religious groups in Indonesia in the past three days . On Sunday , a mob of about 1,000 people , wielding knives and stones , attacked about 25 members of the Muslim minority sect , Ahmadiyah , in Cikeusik village in West Java 's Banten province . Three people were killed and six others injured . The crowd opposed the presence of the Ahmadiyah in the village and demanded the group stop its activities . Amateur video of the incident obtained by Human Rights Watch showed people pummeling what looked like lifeless bodies with sticks and rocks . The video has been posted on the internet , fueling public outrage . In a televised statement Monday , Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono condemned the violence against Ahmadiyah and ordered a thorough investigation . Human rights activists , however , are calling for the government to revoke a ministerial decree issued in 2008 that bans the community 's religious activities . "  How many Ahmadiyah have to die at the hands of mobs before the police step in ? " said Elaine Pearson , deputy Asia director at Human Rights Watch . "  The Indonesian government should end this wave of hate crimes and immediately revoke the 2008 anti-Ahmadiyah decree , which encourages these vicious attacks . " The Setara Institute for Peace and Democracy , a local think tank , noted in a recent report a marked increase in the number of attacks against Ahmadiyah and other minority religions in Indonesia in recent years . The most populous Muslim country in the world , Indonesia has previously been touted as an example of tolerance and democracy in the Islamic world . But a 2009 study from the Pew Forum on Religion & Public Life in Washington suggested it was actually among the most restrictive countries when it comes to religion . CNN 's Richard Allen Greene contributed to this report .	Protesters wanted the Christian man to get a stiffer sentence for blasphemy against Islam Security remains high at the scene , police say It was the second violent incident in three days against minority religious groups
In our Behind the Scenes series , CNN correspondents share their experiences in covering news and analyze the stories behind the events . CNN Senior Pentagon Correspondent Jamie McIntyre reflects on the historic promotion of Gen. Ann Dunwoody , the first woman to achieve Army 's highest rank . Gen. Ann E. Dunwoody will command 133,000 personnel worldwide in the Army Material Command . CNN  -- Watching Army Chief of Staff George Casey swear in his newest fellow four star -- the first woman to achieve the Army 's highest rank -- it was hard not to feel something truly historic was happening before your eyes . The cavernous Pentagon auditorium was packed with a constellation of multistarred senior officers , mostly men . The mood was festive . There were broad smiles everywhere . It was both a sign of how far women have come in the U.S. military and a reminder that women are still not full equals to their brothers-in-arms . "  It 's taken a long time , probably longer than it should have , " Casey admitted in his congratulatory remarks . Gen. Ann Dunwoody was beaming as Casey and her husband pinned the four stars on each of her shoulders , stars that carry with them the heavy burden of a "  historic first . " "  I did n't appreciate the enormity of the events until tidal waves of cards , letters , and e-mails started coming my way , " Dunwoody said . "  And I 've heard from men and women , from every branch of service ... from moms and dads who see this promotion as a beacon of hope for their own daughters . " One such letter came from Master Sgt. Michael Bergener , who served with Dunwoody at Fort Bragg . "  Now , you get to pin on our nation 's highest military rank , and I get to tell my 5 - and 7-year-old daughters that they really can be anything that they want to be , even a general in the United States Army . " Well , almost anything . Technically , women are still barred by Congress from serving in direct ground combat -- a distinction that seems increasingly disconnected from the reality of modern warfare . Still , I could n't help think how much attitudes had changed from when I first reported on the women in combat debate in 1993 . Bill Clinton was president , and Defense Secretary Les Aspin had ordered an end to the ban on women flying combat aircraft . The military saluted smartly and began trumpeting the breakthrough , even as some senior officers harbored deep reservations . I remember questioning the Air Force Chief of Staff Gen. Tony McPeak , who made no secret of his personal opposition to allowing women in the cockpits of his fighter jets , about how he felt . "  I 'm comfortable with it , and there 's always the small chance I was wrong , " McPeak said . It sounded like self-deprecating humor , but anyone who knew Tony McPeak knew he really did think there was only a small chance he was wrong . At the time -- in the early '90s , after Desert Storm -- the prevailing thought was summed up by Kate O'Beirne , a former member of the Presidential Commission on Women in Combat . "  I do not believe the American public is ready to see America 's daughters and sisters being paraded in downtown Baghdad as POWs . And we know that our pilots run that risk , " she said at the time . That 's no longer a theoretical question . The fact is American women have been fighting and dying alongside men in both Iraq and Afghanistan -- two wars with no front lines . So far , 115 women have laid down their lives for their country in those wars . But the reason it took so long for a woman to earn four stars is because most full generals prove their mettle in combat . Dunwoody , though she served the Airborne , rose through the ranks of the Army Materiel Command . "  History will no doubt take note of her achievement in breaking through this final brass ceiling to pin on a fourth star , " Defense Secretary Robert Gates said at Dunwoody 's promotion ceremony , "  But she would rather be known and remembered first and foremost as a U.S. Army soldier . " Dunwoody has a proud military history . A Dunwoody has fought in every American war since the Revolution . Her great-grandfather , Brig. Gen. Henry Harrison Chase Dunwoody , was the chief signal officer in Cuba from 1898 to 1901 . Her father , Hal Dunwoody , is a veteran of three wars -- World War II , Korea and Vietnam . But it is the younger generation of Dunwoodys who are a living testament to the strides woman have made . Her sister Sue was the third female helicopter pilot in the Army , and her niece Jenny is an Air Force A-10 pilot who recently returned from flying combat missions in Afghanistan . "  If anyone is worried about the next generation of warriors , fear not , " says Dunwoody . "  The bench is loaded with talented sailors , airmen , soldiers , and Marines . And while I know I may be the first woman to achieve this honor , I know with certainty I wo n't be the last . "	CNN 's McIntyre says he got to witness something truly historic Gen. Ann Dunwoody becomes Army 's first female 4-star general McIntyre recalls reporting on debate over women in combat in 1993
Washington  CNN  -- No decision has been made on whether to change the current plan to hold the September 11 terrorist attack trial in a civilian court in lower Manhattan , White House officials said Sunday . Last week , New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg and other politicians expressed concern over the costs and disruption of holding the trial of Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and four accomplices at a New York City courthouse . David Axelrod , the senior adviser to President Obama , and White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said Sunday that Obama believes the trial should take place in a criminal court instead of before a military commission , as permitted for some terrorism suspects . However , Axelrod and Gibbs acknowledged that Obama and the Justice Department were considering moving the trial from New York City . "  We 've made no decisions on that yet , " Axelrod said on the NBC program "  Meet the Press . " Gibbs , speaking on CNN 's "  State of the Union , " also said the location of the trial was under discussion , but he expressed certainty that Mohammed , the alleged mastermind of the September 11 , 2001 , attacks , "  is going to meet justice and he 's going to meet his maker . " Gibbs and Axelrod criticized Republican opposition to the plan to hold the trial in a criminal court , saying no one complained when the previous administration of Republican President George W. Bush put terrorism suspects such as "  shoe bomber " Richard Reid on trial in U.S. criminal courts . "  Now we have a Democratic president and suddenly we hear these protests , " Axelrod said . "  What has changed between now and then that would cause people to reverse positions ? " Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky , told the CNN program that the Bush administration was wrong to hold terrorism trials on U.S. soil . Instead , trials for dangerous terrorism suspects should be held by military commissions at the Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , detention facility where they currently are held , McConnell said . Obama intends to shut down the Guantanamo facility by transferring the roughly 200 suspects to the United States to stand trial or face indefinite detention , or to third countries . McConnell said Sunday he would fight that plan by trying to withhold federal spending for it . " ' I think that will be done on a bipartisan basis , " McConnell said of congressional opposition , adding that "  whatever domestic support they had for this is totally collapsing . " White House officials say the decision about any possible alternate sites to try Mohammed and the others will come from the Justice Department . New York police estimated that the cost to the city would be more than $ 200 million per year in what could be a multi-year trial and that more than 2,000 checkpoints would need to be installed around Lower Manhattan . Police Commissioner Ray Kelly said additional protection would have to be deployed for the city , not just "  the core area of Manhattan . " Bloomberg initially supported the move , saying "  it is fitting that 9/11 suspects face justice near the World Trade Center site where so many New Yorkers were murdered . " However , Bloomberg used different rhetoric last week when asked about a community agency 's proposals to relocate the trial , saying he would prefer the trial be held elsewhere , perhaps at a military base where it would be easier and cheaper to provide security . "  It 's going to cost an awful lot of money and disturb a lot of people , " Bloomberg said . On Thursday , several New York Democratic politicians urged the Obama administration to thoroughly re-examine locating the trial in downtown Manhattan . Julie Menin , chairwoman of a city community advisory agency , proposed four alternative locations for the trial within the Southern District of New York : Governors Island , Stewart Air National Guard Base in Newburgh , the U.S. Military Academy at West Point , and the Bureau of Prisons jail complex at FCI Otisville . The latter three are in Orange County , New York , less than an hour from New York City , county executive Edward Diana told CNN . Diana thinks the trials should not be held anywhere in New York , and definitely not in Orange County , which lost 44 residents in the terror attacks , he said . "  I 've contacted my legal department and I 'll tell you I 'll do whatever it takes to stop those trials from coming here , even if it means closing down our roads , " Diana said . "  I 'll sue the federal government if need be . " Diana said he 'd be worried about the safety of Orange County residents if the trial comes there . Diana , who shot down an offer from Newburgh to host the proceedings in their new courthouse , said the suspects should not be tried in civilian courts . But Newburgh Mayor Nick Valentine said the boost in media presence and police funding during the trial would help his "  very poor , very urban " city . Newburgh 's new $ 22 million courthouse is safe and has "  every security you could want , " Valentine said . An alternate proposal at the West Point location has not been fully reviewed . A West Point spokesman said no one has officially requested a review of demands for such a trial , which would require in-depth study of legal and security concerns . U.S. Attorney 's Office spokesman Dean Boyd said the Justice Department "  can safely prosecute this case in the Southern District of New York while minimizing disruptions to the community to the greatest extent possible , consistent with security needs . " New York Gov. David Paterson will meet with the U.S. Marshal Service on Monday to discuss possible 9/11 trial locations in the state , Paterson spokeswoman Marissa Shorenstein told CNN . CNN 's Susan Candiotti and Ross Levitt contributed to this report .	NEW : Orange County , New York , leader : Do n't move trial here Officials : President , Justice Department considering moving 9/11 trial from New York City New York mayor concerned about costs and disruption of holding the trial in city New York police : Cost to the city would be more than $ 200 million per year
Washington  CNN  -- Vice President Joe Biden faces a very delicate task this week as he makes a diplomatic visit to East Asia in hopes of turning down the volume on an increasingly noisy territorial tug of war . The spotlight also provides Biden with an opportunity to remind people why Barack Obama chose him as his running mate and to tout his strong suit as he 's mentioned as a possible presidential candidate in 2016 . Biden promises to press China on airspace dispute Biden has decades of experience in international relations . He served as chairman or the ranking Democrat of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee from 1997 until he left Congress in 2008 following Obama 's victory . "  This trip , if nothing else , reinforces the notion of why Joe Biden was put on the ticket in the first place and has emerged as one of the best vice presidents in history , " Larry Rasky , a longtime senior political adviser to the Democrat , told CNN . "  He was equipped for this job before he got there . He 's not going to China for that reason , of course , but it certainly does n't hurt . " "  It 's definitely his wheelhouse . He has the relationships , the global credibility . There 's no on-the-job training necessary . " Biden flies in to diplomatic turbulence in Asia The long-planned trip , which was originally to focus on economic issues , comes as tensions in East Asia are on the rise . "  The Vice President 's trip comes at an important time for the country and therefore it makes him that more relevant and reminds Americans of his longtime role in the Senate and his experience with foreign policy , " Stuart Rothenberg , editor and publisher of the non-partisan Rothenberg Political Report , told CNN . China 's air defense zone : What you need to know Biden 's first stop was Tokyo , where longtime ally Japan and the United States are pushing back against China 's recent declaration of a restricted flight zone over parts of the East China Sea that include some islands claimed by both China and Japan . In a meeting on Tuesday with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe , Biden said the United States was "  deeply concerned by the attempt to unilaterally change the status quo in the East China Sea . " Biden reaffirmed that "  the United States looks to our alliance with Japan as the cornerstone of stability and security in East Asia , and we are fully committed to our announced strategy of rebalancing as well in the Pacific , " according to a White House transcript of the meeting . And in an interview with the Ashai daily newspaper , Biden rejected concerns that the United States may not have staying power in the region , saying "  economically , diplomatically , militarily , we have been , we are , and we will remain a resident Pacific power . " The White House highlighted Biden 's experience in global diplomacy on Monday . "  He has an excellent relationship with the leaders of all three countries and he will underscore how important it is to avoid actions that raise tensions and to prevent miscalculations that could undermine peace , security and prosperity in the region , " White House Press Secretary Jay Carney told reporters . In Japan , Biden promises to press China on airspace dispute "  This is an opportunity for Vice President Biden to raise our concerns directly with policy makes in Beijing and to seek clarity in regarding the Chinese intentions in making this move at this time . It 's also an opportunity for us to confer with our allies , Japan and the Republic of Korea , both of whom are directly affected by China 's actions , " Carney added . Rasky said the most important thing for Biden right now , as it relates to any possible White House run in 2016 , is to continue to serve as a strong No. 2 . "  The main thing that the Vice President has to do is do his job , and do it well , " Rasky added . Biden has not said whether he 'll make a third run for the Democratic presidential nomination following unsuccessful bids in 1988 and 2008 . "  I can die a happy man never having been president of the United States of America . But it does n't mean I wo n't run , " Biden said in a July interview with GQ magazine . His trip in September to Iowa , the state that traditionally kicks off the presidential primary and caucus calendar , sparked more speculation about his ambitions . Biden , who went to the Hawkeye State to headline Democratic Sen. Tom Harkin 's annual steak fry , a must stop for Democratic White House hopefuls , joked , "  It 's amazing when you come to speak at the steak fry , a whole lot of people seem to take notice . I do n't know why the hell that is . " Most of the speculation about possible 2016 Democratic candidates is focused on whether former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton will run again . All polling suggests Clinton would be the immediate and overwhelming frontrunner for the nomination if she does . The most recent national survey on a potential Democratic field came from CNN/ORC International two weeks ago and indicated that 63 % of Democrats and Independents who lean towards the Democratic Party said Clinton was their early choice for the nomination , with Biden second at 12 % . CNN 2016 poll : Clinton favored for Democrats But how would the race for the Democratic nomination shape up if Clinton forgoes another run for the White House ? Hillary Clinton and the sisterhood If that 's the case , the poll suggested that 43 % of Democrats would support the Vice President , with freshman Sen. Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts at 17 % , and New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo at 15 % . Of course , polls conducted this early in an election cycle , far before any possible contenders have declared their candidacy , are partially a reflection of name recognition . And Biden of course , has a lot of name recognition . Crossfire : Support for Biden , Christie in 2016 While the headlines this week from Biden 's trip will add to that name recognition and further beef up his foreign policy and commander-in-chief credentials , Biden has a problem if Clinton runs again . "  Clearly , Joe Biden is not an amateur when it comes to U.S. foreign policy , but unfortunately for him former Secretary of State Hillary 's Clinton 's experience in that realm trumps his , " Rothenberg added .	Asia trip gives Biden opportunity to remind people why Obama chose him as running mate Biden was to discuss economic issues on trip but focus shifted to rising tensions with China VP has decades of experience from his time on Senate Foreign Relations Committee Biden tells Asian allies -- and China -- that "  we will remain a resident Pacific power "
Washington  CNN  -- After spending more than a month in a Houston hospital , former President George H.W. Bush might get to leave this week . "  We are hopeful that he can be discharged this coming week , but we 're still taking everything one day at a time , " spokesman Jim McGrath said Saturday night . The statement came after Bush 's son and former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush told a crowd in Vero Beach on Saturday that his father was expected to be released Monday , according to TCPalm.com . The 41st president was hospitalized on November 23 for bronchitis and remained there while doctors monitored a lingering cough . He has also suffered from "  a stubborn fever , " McGrath said last week . While in the hospital , Bush , 88 , has cheered on the Texas A&M and the Houston Texans football teams to victories and enjoyed a special performance by the Oak Ridge Boys via telephone . His exchanges with doctors and nurses have included singing , McGrath said .	Spokesman : "  We are hopeful ... but we 're still taking everything one day at a time " Bush was hospitalized November 23 for bronchitis and has had "  a stubborn fever "
Baghdad  CNN  -- At least nine city and provincial officials were among dozens killed when armed militants took over a government building in Iraq and held hostages this week , Interior Ministry officials told CNN Wednesday . At least two journalists , including CNN contributor Sabah al-Bazi , were among the dead when armed men assaulted and seized the building in Tikrit in northern Iraq on Tuesday . At least 56 people died and 98 others were wounded in the attack , which ended after Iraqi forces launched a raid to take back the building and free the hostages . The United States condemned the "  senseless and brutal attack " in a statement on Wednesday . The embassy in Baghdad called it "  an attack on the very foundations of democracy that Iraqis have strived so valiantly to build . " The armed militants , clad in police uniforms , clashed with the Iraqi police , and a suicide car bombing also was reported in the fighting in Tikrit , the capital of Salaheddin Province . Three provincial council members were among the dead , as were six city council members from the nearby town of Shirqat , officials said . Overall violence in Iraq has dropped drastically over the past three years , and the insurgency there has received devastating blows . However , Tuesday 's assault shows that Iraq remains an unstable country and insurgents are still able to carry out deadly attacks . "  This coordinated attack in Tikrit bears the hallmark of al Qaeda in Iraq , and the attackers were planning to take all members of Salaheddin Provincial Council as hostages , " a senior official with Tikrit police told CNN on condition of anonymity because he is not authorized to speak to media . Al-Bazi was a freelancer who worked with Reuters , CNN and Al-Arabiya , according to his cousin Mahmoud Salih , also a freelance journalist . Salih -- who said al-Bazi died in the car bombing -- told CNN his cousin contacted him 30 minutes before he died , asking him whether he wanted to film ammunition seized by security forces . A number of gunmen inside the building were wearing explosive vests , and at least two of the attackers detonated their vests as Iraqi security forces approached , Tikrit police said . Dozens of employees were held hostage inside the building , which houses the provincial council and other government offices . Local TV in Tikrit showed video of smoke rising from the building , surrounded by Iraqi security forces , and aired the sounds of heavy gunfire . The tactics were similar to an attack on a church in Baghdad in October , when gunmen took dozens of hostages , detonated suicide belts , and killed and wounded scores of people . Authorities in Salaheddin announced a three-day mourning period for the victims of Tuesday 's attack . A U.S. military spokeswoman said American troops "  assisted Iraqi security forces with securing the site of the attack and were providing aerial observation and surveillance in support of Iraqi forces on the ground . " The United States is set to withdraw all of its troops from Iraq at the end of the year in a bilateral agreement with the Iraqi government . However , it is too soon to predict whether the United States and Iraq will negotiate an agreement to keep some U.S. soldiers there after year 's end .	NEW : The U.S. Embassy condemns the attack as "  senseless and brutal " City and provincial council members are among 56 people killed in Tikrit Armed militants attacked a government building and held people hostage A regular CNN contributor is among the dead
Washington  CNN  -- Two ex-Blackwater Worldwide employees allege the company charged the government for a prostitute and strippers and kept incompetent personnel for financial reasons , part of what they call a systematic pattern to defraud authorities . The accusations come in a lawsuit filed by Brad and Melan Davis -- who said the fraudulent activity , such as double billing and submitting false invoices , occurred while the security firm , now known as Xe , carried out its work in Iraq , Afghanistan and in Louisiana during Hurricane Katrina 's aftermath . Melan Davis , who was involved in record-keeping , said Blackwater billed the government for prostitution services in Afghanistan from a Filipino female , whose name was on Blackwater 's payroll roster under a category called "  Morale Welfare Recreation . " She said Blackwater billed the woman 's plane tickets and monthly salary to the United States . The lawsuit also said a vendor being paid for "  cleaning services " in Louisiana was providing strippers . Another accusation in the suit was that Melan Davis was wrongfully dismissed after raising the issue of "  fraud and abuse . " Xe on Friday responded to the suit . "  The allegations are without merit and the company will vigorously defend against this lawsuit . It is noteworthy that the government has declined to intervene in this action , " Xe said in a statement to CNN . The married couple filed suit in December 2008 in U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia under the False Claims Act . It was unsealed this month . Blackwater became the target of widespread Iraqi outrage after its contractors were involved in the September 2007 shooting in Baghdad 's Nisoor Square that left 17 civilians dead . That outrage was renewed in December when a U.S. judge dismissed manslaughter charges against five guards involved in the shootings on constitutional grounds . In the fraud suit , Brad Davis , an ex-Marine who worked as a security guard for Blackwater , said he "  personally observed " three instances where personnel "  intentionally used excessive and unjustified deadly force " and the suit said Blackwater refused to fire such "  unqualified people . " Blackwater would continue to retain "  wholly incompetent " personnel so they could pay their tuition bills to the company 's private training facility , the suit said . In Louisiana , where Blackwater was contracted to supply security services after Katrina , employees there "  submitted a variety of bogus receipts , " the suit said . "  For example , Blackwater employees , when filling up Blackwater vehicles at commercial gas stations , would simply pick up the receipts that were left behind by other customers . They would then submit these receipts and be paid in cash by Blackwater . " At the same time , the suit said , Blackwater failed to provide the services set down under its contract with Louisiana and the Federal Emergency Management Agency . It said Blackwater did n't monitor the "  deadly weapons " it provided employees and "  lost track of countless weapons . " The suit said Blackwater overbilled for travel expenses and "  created phone invoices to obscure the fact that Blackwater had failed to keep any of the necessary contemporaneous documentation on travel . " The suit said Melan Davis attempted "  to blow the whistle on the fraud and abuse occurring in New Orleans " and was told in 2006 she "  needed to back off . " The suit said she was fired in 2008 when "  she was on leave battling cancer . " Blackwater had about 1,000 contractors working in Iraq at the height of its involvement , guarding diplomatic convoys and supply vehicles after the U.S. invasion in 2003 . At least 10 of its employees were killed , including four whose burned and mutilated bodies were dragged through the streets of Falluja after an ambush in 2004 .	Two ex-Blackwater Worldwide employees sue , allege pattern of fraud , abuse against firm Security firm is now called Xe ; company says suit 's allegations without merit Suit alleges firm charged government for prostitution , strippers Actions allegedly occurred in Iraq , Afghanistan and Louisiana after Hurricane Katrina
CNN  -- Colorado Springs police have arrested a man whom authorities want to question in relation to the March shooting death of prison chief Tom Clements . James Lohr , described by police as a member of a white supremacist prison gang , is an associate of Evan Ebel , the man suspected of killing Clements , Lt. Jeff Kramer of the El Paso County , Colorado , sheriff 's office said . Lohr had three outstanding arrest warrants unrelated to the Clements investigation , and it was not immediately clear whether he is facing new charges . Lohr is scheduled to receive a court advisement via video in El Paso County on Monday afternoon . Arrested after a police chase , Lohr is facing accusations of felony vehicular eluding and three traffic offenses -- reckless driving , speeding and failing to obey a traffic control devise , the sheriff 's office said . Authorities also recovered a gun allegedly thrown from Lohr 's vehicle during the chase . A business surveillance video caught a man picking up the firearm . It was turned in to law enforcement to be used as evidence , Kramer said . Questions haunt prisons chief slaying case In addition to Lohr , police were on the lookout for another Ebel associate , Thomas Guolee , 31 . Meanwhile , authorities were questioning another two people associated with Ebel , whom a source close to the investigation declined to name . Exclusive : Anger ` wo n't bring him back : ' Wife of slain prisons chief Police want to question Lohr and Guolee -- whom police described as associates of the white supremacist 211 Crew gang -- in relation to the death of Clements . Ebel , the man suspected of shooting the chief , was also a 211 Crew member . He died in a shootout with Texas deputies . The other two men , brought in for questioning in recent days by El Paso County authorities , are also 211 Crew members , the source said . Both associated with Ebel in the days before Clements ' death , the source said , and at least one is a parolee . Authorities have also served a search warrant related to one of them , the source said . The source declined to say what the warrant named . Two men questioned as manhunt continues Investigators have said they were looking into whether Ebel might have conspired with other inmates to kill Clements . Clements was widely recognized for cracking down on prison gangs , including the 211 Crew . Ebel also is suspected in the killing of part-time pizza deliveryman Nathan Leon . Authorities have speculated Ebel might have killed Leon for his uniform so he could use it as a disguise in the killing of Clements , who was gunned down on March 19 after he opened his front door . Due to a clerical error , Ebel had been released early on parole , which he later violated . He had been sentenced to eight years in prison in 2005 for armed robbery . In 2008 , he was sentenced to another four years -- to be served consecutively -- for punching a prison guard . Two days after Clements was killed , Ebel died in northern Texas in a gun battle with authorities that left a sheriff 's deputy wounded . CNN 's Mayra Cuevas and Cristy Lenz contributed to this report .	NEW : Authorities recover gun allegedly thrown from vehicle James Lohr was arrested Friday morning Police are investigating whether prisons ' chief suspected killer conspired with others The suspected killer , Evan Ebel , died in a shootout with Texas authorities
Istanbul , Turkey  CNN  -- As a city that sits astride two continents , Istanbul has always been a strategic gateway between the East and West . But an ambitious railway project is pulling the two continents even closer together with the construction of the world 's deepest submerged tunnel . The 76-kilometer  47.2-mile  Marmaray Project will include the world 's first submerged railway connection between Europe and Asia , ferrying passengers under a 1.4-km  0.9-m  section of the Bosphorus Strait . However , the massive infrastructure overhaul undertaken by Turkey 's Ministry of Transportation has not been without problems . The project started in 2004 and has suffered multiple setbacks due to the region 's rich heritage , as Turkey 's transport minister Binali Yildirim explains . Infographic : Istanbul and the Bosphorus "  The tunnel is going under a very historical area , -LSB- a -RSB- historical peninsula where the Ottoman Empire settled ... so every piece of soil is examined by experts , archaeologists . " Yildirim said . At one point during construction , work had to be halted after the discovery of an ancient Byzantine port . "  If -LSB- the archaeologists -RSB- say you can go , we go . If they stay stop , we stop , " Yildrim said . All of which has added five years onto the original construction deadline . Watch : Navigating the busy Bosphorus To complicate matters further , the tunnel -- which passes under one of the busiest waterways in the world -- lies in an active earthquake zone . "  There is a big , huge seismic activity risk so we have seismic joints in the tunnels , especially between the immersed tube tunnel and the bore tunnel , " says deputy project manager , Mehmet Cilingir . The joints between the tunnels are flexible and will protect the structure from seismic movements , Cilingir says . Despite the setbacks , the project is scheduled for completion next year -- a target that will be met , Yildirim says . "  We are very comfortable that the project is going to be complete by the end of next year . 14 million people are just waiting -LSB- for this tunnel to open . " -RSB- When it does , the tunnel is expected to ease the congested road and ferry routes above carrying 75,000 passengers per hour in each direction at peak times . Train drivers , like Mustafa Berker , are already getting to grips with the new trains that will operate on the line . "  It will be a great joy for me if I too can add a bit to this big project , " says Berker , a driver with almost four decades experience . "  I 'm ready for my retirement but if I can see this through , it will be a great pleasure both for me , my children and grandchildren . "	Marmaray tunnel project in Istanbul will be first railway connection between Europe and Asia The 76-kilometer route will ease commuter traffic on Istanbul 's roads and strait Tunnel construction has been delayed by discovery of ancient artifacts Seismic activity also a consideration for contractors who have fitted "  flexible joints " in the tunnel
ANTIOCH , California  CNN  -- In many respects , Jaycee Dugard and her two daughters lived an unremarkable public life -- one that belied the horrifying circumstances that have since made front-page news . Dugard 's daughters attend a birthday party two weeks ago . CNN has blurred their faces to protect their privacy . Dugard , kidnapped 18 years ago in South Lake Tahoe , California , helped manage the small printing company her alleged captor , Phillip Garrido , ran from his home in Antioch , east of San Francisco . Her two daughters , fathered by 58-year-old Garrido , attended birthday parties and , like many girls their age , shared a love for the TV show "  Hannah Montana . " The media "  made it seem like these little girls were living like wolves or jungle kids in the backyard dungeon . Perhaps that 's it , but they did n't give that visual to me , " said Cheyvonne Molino , who runs an auto wrecking yard with her husband . See photos of Dugard 's living conditions " Garrido would often bring the girls by the yard , delivering bottles of water on hot days . The 11-year-old went by the name Angel and the 15-year-old , Starlet . "  They were polite . They were well-mannered , " Molino said . Two weeks ago , the girls attended a birthday party for Molino 's daughter , who turned 16 . Again , they showed no signs of lives lived in turmoil . Customers of Garrido 's printing company , Printing for Less , knew the girls ' mother as Allissa . Watch interview with Garrido " They spoke to her about graphic design , business cards and fliers , and describe her as professional , polite and responsive . "  She was always having a very pretty smile on the face , " said Deepal Karunaratne , who had real estate brochures printed . "  She comes and talks to me and was always smiling . She was a very pretty girl , a very pretty young lady . " The children , however , sometimes stood out . "  They were not dressed like average teenage girls . They were dressed very conservatively , " Karunaratne said . Another customer , Ben Daughdrill , sometimes corresponded with Dugard when he used the printing service for his junk-hauling business . "  Nothing stood out , " he said . "  Obviously , there was some brainwashing going on . That 's all I can think . She had access to a phone and a computer , so obviously something went on that no one knows about . " Dugard 's real identity was discovered last week and her alleged kidnappers -- Garrido , a registered sex offender , and his 55-year-old wife , Nancy -- were arrested . They face 29 felony charges , including rape and kidnapping , and both have pleaded not guilty . Authorities said the Garridos held Dugard and her daughters in a soundproof shed in the couple 's overgrown , littered backyard . Garrido told Karunaratne that he had a soundproof recording studio in the backyard , said Karunaratne , who described Garrido 's music as "  Christian , contemporary " and said some songs "  were about love and romance . " Watch aerial view of backyard compound " Dugard and her mother and daughters have moved to an undisclosed location as they try to get reacquainted , said Carl Probyn , Dugard 's stepfather . A team of psychologists and several law enforcement officers are with them , he said . In a related development , authorities in two San Francisco Bay-area cities are investigating whether disappearances dating back to the late 1980s could be connected to Garrido . Police in Hayward , about 20 miles south of Oakland , say they are investigating whether he is connected to the disappearance of Michaela Garecht , last seen in 1988 at age 9 . Hayward Police Lt. Chris Orrey said there are similarities between Garecht 's disappearance and Dugard 's -- similar age and appearance , both were abducted in daylight , and a sketch of a suspect resembles Garrido , she said . Orrey said there were differences as well , though she would not elaborate . But she said Hayward police have been in contact with Garecht 's family and witnesses since Dugard was found alive last week . And in Dublin , about 25 miles east of Oakland , police are looking into whether Garrido was connected to the 1989 disappearance of Ilene Misheloff . Ilene was 13 when she was abducted , investigators said . Investigators announced Saturday that they were looking into whether Garrido may have been behind other unsolved crimes . Contra Costa County Sheriff 's Lt. Steve Simpkins said police in Antioch and neighboring Pittsburg were searching Garrido 's property "  for evidence relating to open cases . " Authorities brought cadaver dogs to search the property next door to the Garridos as they tried to determine whether Garrido was connected to a string of unsolved slayings of prostitutes in the 1990s . Several of the women 's bodies were dumped near a park where Garrido worked at the time . Watch where police are searching " "  What we also know is that Phillip Garrido had access to that property , " said Jimmie Lee , spokesman for the Contra Costa Sheriff 's Department . "  He used that property , and it looks like he lived on that property in a shed . " A bone fragment was found during the search , but investigators do not know whether it was from a human or an animal , Lee said . The fragment is being sent to a laboratory for testing . And building inspectors have declared the Garrido home unsafe , due to substandard structures and "  junkyard " conditions , he said . CNN 's Ed Lavandera , Patrick Oppman and Dan Simon contributed to this report .	NEW : Police check 2 other cases for connection to alleged kidnapper Phillip Garrido Jaycee Dugard 's daughters attended birthday parties , loved "  Hannah Montana " They were "  polite ... well-mannered , " says mother of one of their friends Dugard was allegedly held captive for 18 years by sex offender who fathered the girls
So , got any ideas for what to do with a used space telescope ? NASA hopes to find a new job for its planet-hunting Kepler probe after efforts to restore precision control of the orbiting telescope have failed , the space agency announced Thursday . Kepler has been sidelined since mid-May , after the second of four devices used to aim the spacecraft 's telescope gave out . Controllers have been trying to restart at least one of those two devices , known as reaction wheels , since July . "  The wheels are sufficiently damaged that they can not sustain spacecraft pointing control for any extended period of time , " Charlie Sobeck , Kepler 's deputy project manager , told reporters Thursday afternoon . That means Kepler 's original science mission -- the search for Earth-like planets far beyond our solar system -- is over , said Paul Hertz , the head of NASA 's astrophysics division . But the space agency is trying to figure out whether it can find other missions that do n't require that kind of pinpoint control -- and if so , "  whether that science is compelling enough to justify continued investment in Kepler operations , " Hertz said . The roughly $ 600 million mission has so far confirmed 135 planets and identified nearly 3,500 possible planets . It findings have led scientists to believe that most stars in our galaxy have planets circling them . Two of them -- found about 1,200 light-years away -- are considered the best candidates so far for hosting life . Controllers have remained in communication with the craft , which is more than 45 million miles from Earth . And since scientists still have more than two years of data to comb through , NASA does n't consider the mission over , said Bill Borucki , the project 's principal scientist . "  We have all this data we have not yet analyzed , and we expect many , many more discoveries , " he said . Kepler needs three of its four reaction wheels to tweak the telescope , which is aimed at a sliver of the cosmos around the Northern Hemisphere constellations Cygnus and Lyra . The No. 2 reaction wheel failed in 2012 , while the No. 4 unit quit in May . In a series of tests that began in mid-July , controllers got both reaction wheels to turn . In early August , they stopped tests on wheel No. 4 after finding high levels of friction , but continued testing the second until encountering the same problem last week , Sobeck said . Sobeck said the probe can still be aimed using the two remaining reaction wheels , and its thrusters -- just not as finely as it could by reaction wheels alone . The thrusters still have enough fuel remaining to last several years if used carefully , he said . The probe was launched in 2009 and has already surpassed its three-and-a-half-year minimum expected lifespan . Borucki said NASA has asked scientists to propose alternatives within a few weeks . The agency will then decide "  which of these will be practical and which of these we can do for a reasonable cost . "	NASA hopes to find an alternative mission for the planet-hunting probe Kepler has been sidelined since a control device failed in mid-May Program has ID 'd nearly 3,300 possible planets beyond solar system
CNN  A volcano in Russia led to the cancellation of flights in Alaska over the weekend . "  We canceled two roundtrip flights between Anchorage and Bethel , and Anchorage and Nome after an advisory of low visibility , " Alaska Airlines spokeswoman Halley Knigge said . Ash from Russia 's Shiveluch volcano was the culprit behind the flight disruptions Saturday , said Jeff Freymueller , a scientist at the Alaska Volcano Observatory . The volcano erupted Friday , shooting ash into the atmosphere some 30,000 feet . Winds blew the ash cloud across the Bering Sea and into western Alaska , Freymueller said . Shiveluch , which has been erupting consistently , caused a similar incident in January , he said . The airline will only operate flights when it 's safe to do so and will not fly into areas of reported ash . Alaska Airlines was uncertain if additional flights would be canceled , but said it 's monitoring the situation . Three volcanoes are erupting on Russia 's Kamchatka Peninsula : Shiveluch , Klyuchevskoy and Karymsky . Volcano grows Japanese island	Volcano shoots ash into the atmosphere some 30,000 feet Winds blow ash cloud across the Bering Sea and into western Alaska
CNN  -- Liane Moriarty knows playground politics . The Australian author features catty mothers , birthday party snubs and a debauched parental gathering in her latest novel , "  Big Little Lies . " Moriarty is familiar with those dynamics herself : she is a hands-on mother to a 4-year-old daughter and a 6-year-old son . While Moriarty says her characters come from her imagination , she 's managed to strike a collective nerve among readers around the world . Her latest bestselling book also turned the heads of Hollywood moms : Nicole Kidman and Reese Witherspoon optioned screen rights to "  Big Little Lies . " The novel opens with a school scandal , then traces three families through a tumultuous kindergarten year . Anyone who has picked up young children from elementary school will recognize the characters and conversations in "  Big Little Lies . " Many of Moriarty 's novels are book club favorites , and not just in her native Sydney . Her novel "  The Husband 's Secret " sold more than 1 million copies in the United States . She spoke to CNN about putting parenting onto the pages of her novels . Below is an edited transcript . CNN : How are you able to replicate conversations that so many parents have ? LM : I guess it just means that we 're all having the same kinds of conversations across the world ... that they 're universal . And , obviously , because I 'm completely in that world right now , it 's really easy to think like that , because that 's the life I 'm leading . CNN : Did you have any of those conversations ? LM : They 're still fictional . Although , there might be little phrases taken from real life , but they 're still all fiction . Because it 's my world , the material is at my fingertips . CNN : How do you find inspiration for your plots and your characters ? LM : I was inspired by a little story a girlfriend told me when her daughter started school . On the very first day of kindergarten , two little girls came out of the classroom , and they had bite marks on their arms . Because it was the first day of school , no one could say who had done it . They just said a little boy had done it to them . They actually got the little boys to line up . When this girlfriend was telling me the story , I was just so enthralled by the little drama that went on in the playground , and imagining how you would feel if you were one of the parents , hoping that it was n't your child that had actually done the biting . In the end , the little girls finally gave in and admitted they had bitten themselves . It 's little stories like that  which inspire me  . People tell stories of awful parents , and bullying parents . And you can definitely see the potential , because you do love your child so fiercely . Because it is a little bit like going back to school yourself . It brings out all those insecurities . When all the parties started , and sometimes , I remember hearing about certain parties , thinking , ` My child was n't invited . What does that mean ? ' All those things come out . It 's easy to collect on that material . CNN : Have you been surprised by how your books have transcended cultural boundaries ? LM : I think as parents , we 're all leading similar sorts of lives . So really , the differences are small . And I think they 're differences that readers quite enjoy , in the same way that I enjoy reading books set in the U.S. . There are things like trick or treating and Halloween , and little things like that . They 're a pleasure to read , but easy enough to understand , so you do n't feel alienated . CNN : What are you working on now ? LM : I 'm just in the very early stages of my next novel . I 've been joking a lot that my next novel will be set on a tropical island . And I 'll have to lots of research to get the setting right . The more I joke , the more I 've started to think , ` Actually , that could work . ' Because I often like to set my books in a confined setting , a little village ... . That 's why a school works so well , because you can control it . So why not a tropical island ? CNN : Has your success changed the way other parents treat you ? LM : They tease me . My husband was taking some time off , and announcing he was going to do some more of the pick-ups  from school  . And somebody was saying , ` Will you still do some of the pick-ups ? ' Somebody else was saying , ` Of course she will . She needs us for her material . ' They just seem happy for me . It 's not like I 'm a film star . It 's not especially glamorous .	Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman optioned screen rights for "  Big Little Lies " "  Big Little Lies " is Liane Moriarty 's sixth adult novel Moriarty 's novel "  The Husband 's Secret " sold more than 1 million copies in the U.S.
CNN  -- British rugby league player Paul Wood has lost a testicle after a collision during the English sport 's showpiece final at Manchester 's Old Trafford stadium on Saturday . Wood was playing for the Warrington Wolves against Leeds Rhinos in the Super League Grand Final . The prop sustained the injury one minute into the second half , but managed to play the rest of the match before seeking treatment . Despite Wood 's determined effort , Warrington lost the match 26-18 to 2011 champions Leeds . "  Ruptured my right testicle , got a knee one minute into the second half , had to have it removed , " tweeted the 30-year-old father of two . Showing his sense of humor remained intact , he later tweeted : "  Just coming out the hospital to go home ... Seriously feel like I 've left something ? "  Tony Smith  Warrington coach  did say in his pre-match team talk last night ` your balls are on the line here guys ! ' I did n't think he meant literally . " Rugby League is similar to Rugby Union , although each team has 13 players rather than 15 . In addition to being played in Britain , the sport is also popular in Australia and New Zealand . Does your son have a hernia -- or worse ?	British rugby player Paul Wood loses testicle during a match on Saturday Wood suffered the injury while playing for Warrington Wolves against Leeds Rhino Despite incurring the injury early in the second half , Wood played on Warrington lost the match at Old Trafford 26-18
CNN  -- It 's December 23 , so "  let 's rumble ! " As last-minute shoppers fueled on eggnog scramble for those final gifts for relatives thrice-removed , there 's another celebration afoot Tuesday : Festivus . Festivus was introduced in the ninth and final season of "  Seinfeld " as a holiday that George Costanza , played by Jason Alexander , begrudgingly grew up with as an antidote to the season 's growing focus on consumerism . While the episode originally aired on December 18 , 1997 , the holiday and its eccentric customs -- like the "  feats of strength " and "  airing of grievances " -- live on with much fanfare . "  Many Christmases ago , I went to buy a doll for my son . I reach for the last one they had -- but so did another man . As I rained blows upon him , I realized there had to be another way ! " George 's father , Frank Costanza , played by Jerry Stiller , explained in the episode . And so a "  Festivus for the rest of us " was born . The Twitterverse is rife with Festivus references this time of year . "  HAPPY FESTIVUS ! " Alexander exclaimed Tuesday on the site . "  May ur pole be straight , ur feats be strong & your grievances be few . With love from the Costanzas - Frank , Estelle , George . " Festivus has even spawned literature like a 2005 guide to the holiday called "  Festivus : The Holiday for the Rest of Us . " Despite the absurdity of it all , Seinfeld writer Dan O'Keefe said he , in fact , grew up with this peculiar holiday of his own father 's creation , and the "  airing of grievances " into a tape recorder was a real part of it . However , the pole and the father-son wrestling match were made for TV . "  I was not forced to wrestle my father . If I had , I would 've been raised by the state of New York , " O'Keefe told CNN in a 2013 interview about the "  feats of strength " that appear in the episode . Much like Costanza , O'Keefe did n't want the tradition to leave the family circle . "  I did n't want to put it on TV because it was sort of a family disgrace , " O'Keefe joked . But when the show 's other writers and Jerry Seinfeld caught wind of it from O'Keefe 's brother , majority opinion prevailed . Fellow writer Jeff Schaffer came up with the Festivus aluminum pole , which fans can now purchase online . The real symbol was a clock in a bag nailed to the wall , which O'Keefe says his father still has n't explained to him . "  I thought it was going to be the most forgettable part of it that was cut out for syndication , " O'Keefe said . Instead , the pole and the holiday took on a life of their own . And that is a Festivus miracle . "  Seinfeld " at 25 : Five reasons nothing is everything	Festivus was popularized by "  Seinfeld " in the show 's ninth season Since then , fans have celebrated the anti-consumerism holiday It was based on a real family tradition of show writer Dan O'Keefe
London , England  CNN  -- A Canadian graduate student has found the only known printed copy of Haiti 's Declaration of Independence , tucked away in Britain 's National Archives , researchers said . Duke University student Julia Gaffield found the eight-page pamphlet , dated January 1 , 1804 , while researching Haiti 's early independence , Duke said in a statement Thursday . The discovery sheds light on the early history of Haiti and the relations it had with its Caribbean neighbors at the time , Gaffield and Duke Professor Deborah Jenson said . Gaffield is researching early 19th-century Haiti for her doctoral dissertation in history , Duke said . She did research in France , Haiti and Jamaica , where she saw a handwritten copy of the declaration in the papers of Jamaica 's governor at the time , George Nugent . It indicated there was a printed version somewhere , but it was n't enclosed . In late January , Gaffield went to London for research at the National Archives , where she found the printed declaration . "  I was n't specifically looking for it , but I had an eye out for it because I knew it was missing , " Gaffield said . "  We figured there was an original somewhere , but did n't know if it still existed . " The declaration had not been misplaced and had been in the archives for a long time , Gaffield said . The period had simply not been studied in detail , and Gaffield said she figures people who saw the document before probably did n't realize what they had . Gaffield said she was thrilled by the discovery , but had to wait until the end of the day to notify her advisers at Duke , in North Carolina . "  The archives are not the place to make a big scene , " she said . Haiti 's declaration is only the second of its kind in the world , the first being the U.S. Declaration of Independence , written by Thomas Jefferson and others , Duke said . The pamphlet , written in French , has three distinct parts , the National Archives said . The first two pages are titled "  Liberte ou La Mort , " which translates to "  Freedom or Death , " in which the generals of the Haitian army sign their names to an oath swearing to renounce forever the French yoke or die rather than live under its domination . Next , Jean-Jacques Dessalines , the general-in-chief , addresses the citizens of Haiti in an impassioned defense of independence and the destiny of the nation . On the final page , Haitian army generals proclaim Dessalines governor-general for life and swear to obey without question laws issued under his authority . "  To bring this document to light in Haiti 's darkest hour may be seen as a symbol of renewal and rejuvenation , helping Haiti rebuild its national spirit following the recent earthquake , " said Ian Wilson , president of the International Council on Archives . "  Julia 's achievement in recognizing the significance of this printed document deserves high recognition . " Oliver Morley , the acting chief executive of the National Archives , said they were pleased to play a role in the discovery . "  It 's incredible that the long search for this important document should finally end at the National Archives , " Morley said . "  This declaration sent to the British government by Haiti 's first independent leader is of great historical importance to both Haiti and the British people , and provides unique insight into the first successful slave rebellion of modern times . " Jenson , a professor of French studies at Duke who has researched the U.S. publication of Haiti 's independence documents , said the discovery also shows Haiti had a fully functional printing apparatus at every moment of the new nation 's independence . Researchers had looked for the printed declaration before , without success , said Laurent Dubois , a Duke professor of French studies and history and one of Gaffield 's advisers . In 1952 , Haiti asked intellectual Edmond Mangones to find an original or printed copy so it could be displayed for the nation 's 150th anniversary , Dubois said . Mangones searched in many archives in Haiti and elsewhere before writing with exasperation that all his searching had been "  in vain , " Dubois said . "  It is really beyond belief , " Mangones said at the time , "  that not even a copy of the original printed version has been found in France , or in England , or in the United States . " Gaffield 's discovery , Dubois said , "  has finally changed that . " Documents from Haiti 's early history have not been well preserved and are scattered in various places , said Dubois , who is working with other historians to rehabilitate Haiti 's archives after the January 12 earthquake . Dubois and Gaffield consulted Patrick Tardieu , a noted Haitian archivist at Brown University , to confirm the document 's authenticity . "  I was so happy to find out it was true , " Tardieu said . "  It is an important document , and its discovery is important news for Haiti 's scholarly community and more broadly for the people of Haiti . " Gaffield said she hopes the discovery will remind historians , Haitians and the world about the early history of the only country in the Western Hemisphere where slaves successfully revolted to gain national independence . "  The Haitian Revolution was of immense consequence to Jamaica and other colonies in the Caribbean , as well as to the United States , " Gaffield said . "  This find is further evidence that there was contact and negotiations going on between them . Haiti was not isolated after independence and it played a complicated role in a world based on colonialism and slavery . "	Student Julia Gaffield found document in Britain 's National Archives Pamphlet , dated January 1 , 1804 , is only known record of Haitian independence declaration This declaration was sent to the British government by Haiti 's first independent leader The first two pages are titled "  Liberte ou La Mort , " or "  Freedom or Death . "
San Francisco , California  CNN  -- To bolster its digital currency , Facebook is deepening ties with digital purchasing provider PayPal , the two companies said at an event Tuesday . After a flurry of partnerships announced at the PayPal Innovate conference , the Web 's linchpin payment platform said it will provide a new option for buying inexpensive virtual goods from the largest social network . Facebook currently allows its users to buy Credits , the site 's proprietary currency , with a PayPal account . Facebook will add the ability to buy virtual items individually , rather than in increments of $ 15 , thanks to PayPal 's new digital goods platform , which was unveiled at the conference . Credits are used to purchase virtual gifts for friends or power-ups in games . Developers making Facebook applications powered by Credits -- such as the Zynga Game Network , which makes FarmVille -- will soon have the option of receiving payments through deposits to their PayPal accounts . "  The gaming industry is often an indicator of what 's to come , " Facebook Chief Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg said during the announcement . "  More people play games on Facebook than on the top three consoles combined . " These features will roll out in the next several months , said Osama Bedier , PayPal 's vice president of product development . "  PayPal is already one of the main ways to buy Facebook Credits , " Sandberg said . "  PayPal took the pain out of transactions . " Facebook also accepts credit cards and payments via cell phone from some wireless carriers . Gift cards containing Facebook Credits can be found at stores such as Target , Walmart and Best Buy . Although PayPal had a partnership in place with Facebook in February , PayPal President Scott Thompson said these new features are a step toward expansions between the two companies . "  Today 's announcement was a refinement of our product , " he said . For Facebook , the Credits product may also need refinement . Sandberg took a moment during her announcement to poll the sizable audience about whether they had purchased Credits . Few people raised their hands . "  Try it ! " Sandberg urged the audience . "  You 'll like it . " Facebook has drawn a million developers to make software and widgets that run within or connect with the social network , Sandberg said . "  The games and stuff that have happened on this platform are just amazing , " Facebook chief Mark Zuckerberg said last week during a panel at his company 's headquarters in Palo Alto , California . "  Five years out , I think the world is going to look a lot more like Zynga . " But Facebook 's platform is n't quite mature . That could have something to do with a flimsy relationship with developers , PayPal 's Naveed Anwar said . "  Facebook has done a really good job building out their platform , but one area where they have n't really done a good job is paying developers , " said Anwar , who is senior director of PayPal 's developer network . "  And that 's where this partnership comes in . " PayPal announced a number of other agreements , including new ways to use the service to buy things within smartphone apps ; using that phone in lieu of a credit card at a few stores in San Francisco ; and buying memorabilia using software made for televisions . Next year , PayPal will launch an app marketplace to showcase websites and products that tie into its services .	PayPal and Facebook deepen corporate ties Facebook users can pay for inexpensive goods incrementally using PayPal Credits , Facebook 's virtual currency , has struggled to gain traction among some audiences
CNN  -- In 2011 , Brittany Miles considered food to be her enemy . Having been tormented by schoolmates for being overweight since she was 7 , she decided to fight back the only way she knew how . At the beginning of her senior year of high school , at a size 18 , Miles began compulsively dieting and exercising . By the time she started college the following year , she was down to a size 4 and was obsessed with losing weight . "  Our society and my peers told me that I was n't loveable when I was fat . That when I was fat , I could n't be anything else , " said Miles , now a senior and a biology major at Georgia Tech in Atlanta . "  So , I was determined to be the farthest thing from fat possible . " She began what she called a war against calories , and it quickly spiraled out of control . She limited herself to 400 to 600 calories and did 90 minutes of intense cardio daily . Yet at her lightest , Miles never dropped below a size 4 . "  Just because my bone structure stopped me from being the size 00 everyone pictures , does n't mean that I was n't in an incredibly unsafe and unhealthy place , " she said . Although she was 15 pounds underweight , no one caught onto her habits because they were too busy praising her for her weight loss . "  We constantly push people to lose weight , but sometimes that 's not right for everyone , " Miles said . In the United States , some 20 million women and another 10 million men suffer from a clinical eating disorder , such as anorexia or bulimia , according to the National Eating Disorder Association . Many people also struggle with some form of body dissatisfaction or unhealthy eating behaviors that can lead to the development of clinical disorders . Studies suggest half a million teens are suffering from eating disorders , and that their concerns about weight begin as young as 6 . Going to extremes : Eating disorders in America Miles says she did n't treat her body like she loved it when she began to lose weight . "  I deprived it , punished it and tortured it , " Miles said . "  I was convinced that a smaller dress size was the key to happiness . " Breaking the cycle The day after Miles moved into her college dorm , she said hello to a girl down the hall who was moving in with the help of her family . Her hall mate 's sister noticed that Miles was unnaturally thin . A recovering bulimic who was studying to be an eating disorder psychiatrist , the sister had a feeling about Miles and asked the hall mate to keep an eye on her . After only a few months , the hall mate realized that Miles was n't in a good place , mentally or physically . Her restrictive diet and obsessive exercise was obvious , so she confronted Miles on the issue , finally allowing her to get it all out . "  The thing about eating disorders is that you realize you have one . You do n't need someone to tell you that you 're sick , " Miles said . "  What I needed was someone to understand and to help me understand that weight gain was OK . " The process was slow and difficult . She spent the first six months convincing herself that things such as pizza and chocolate were OK -- that eating them would n't be the end of the world . Over time , she began to exercise less , eat more and reshape her attitudes toward food and her body . "  During recovery , you realize that you have to make a choice , " Miles said . "  You can choose to try and fit some predetermined mold , or you can focus on being the happiest and healthiest , both mentally and physically , version of yourself . " While Miles said starting her recovery was the hardest thing she 's done , she also knows it was necessary to get her life back . She found support in an online community , a judgment-free zone where she could voice her fears . Miles says that the people she communicated with were n't experts but real people who had been where she was and could share their own experiences . She 's gained 60 pounds since she began recovery and has maintained her weight for 15 months now . Currently wearing between a size 10 and 14 , she says the most important part is that she 's happy and her body seems to "  like to be this weight . " "  At the end of the day , weight does n't even really matter in an eating disorder because it 's a mental disease , " Miles said . "  Yes , there 's a physical manifestation of this mental illness , but it 's not a problem that stems from your physical health . " A complex illness Many people with eating disorders do n't look like they have one , said Claire Mysko of the National Eating Disorder Association . It 's important to remember that there 's no universal picture of how anorexia or bulimia manifests itself physically , she says , and that a person can be struggling mentally without looking "  sick . " "  Eating disorders are complex illnesses with complex roots , " she said . "  There 's a strong cultural influence to be thin , and many people are vulnerable to that . " Most people ca n't overcome an eating disorder on their own and need professional help . On its website , the association offers several options to find help , such as phone support , live chats with counselors and referrals for treatment and support groups . There 's a link between issues such as depression or anxiety and eating disorders , Mysko said . The media and popular culture often push the message that thinness is the solution to any and all problems , she said , and a person suffering from depression can be easily influenced by that . Mysko oversees Proud2BeMe , a site working in conjunction with her eating association that was formed in 2011 in response to the increasing use of the Internet to promote eating disorders and unrealistic body images . "  There 's a proliferation of messages on social media and a steady stream of images that promote weight loss , " Mysko said . "  But we 're also seeing an increase in online communities that have positive messages and offer support to those suffering from eating disorders . " For more fitspiration , subscribe to our Flipboard magazine Another upside to social media is that users have the ability to curate their own feeds , choosing the people and groups that they want to appear in their news feed . For someone in recovery or struggling with an eating disorder , the ability to "  turn off " the negative pictures and messages can be a big step in the right direction , Mysko said . "  There 's no straight line to recovery , " she said . However , the first step is reaching a place where they want help and seeking that support from friends , family or through a doctor or counselor . Paying it forward Miles now hosts a site on Tumblr that encourages people to embrace their bodies and reminds them that eating disorders do n't manifest themselves in a certain appearance . She said beginning her own blog was her way of supporting other people in her situation , especially those who recover to be plus-sized . She no longer sees food as her nemesis and eats what makes her happy , not letting calories control the choices she makes . She 's proud that she 's experienced foods that she would n't have dared to eat during her illness . "  People who do n't know me look at me now and see a ` before ' photo . Little do they know that I 'm an ` after ' photo over 14 years in the making . " Now 21 and loving her body , she 's no longer the insecure 7-year-old who was bullied at school . "  I believe that body positivity is for everyone . There is no weight limit or fitness test in order to be happy with yourself . "	Never a size 0 , Brittany Miles says her eating disorder went unnoticed for years Her recovery involved both mental and physical changes Now she tells online followers that loving your body is the key to happiness
CNN  -- Hotel guests across the continent are not happy . At least that 's the conclusion from a survey released Wednesday by J.D. Power and Associates . Right down the line , the 2012 North America Hotel Guest Satisfaction Index Study ticks off a laundry list of items that are dragging the industry to its lowest satisfaction level since 2006 : check-in/check-out , food and beverage , hotel services and facilities . One item in particular -- Internet costs and fees -- is pressing some guests ' buttons , churning up "  resentment , frustration and anger , " says Stuart Greif , a J.D. Power vice president . "  At the luxury level , where they 're paying for a lot more , there 's a feeling you should be giving more freebies , like Internet Wi-Fi , which many lower priced hotels offer for free . " The anger is rooted in this cultural shift : We 're at a tipping point where hotel guests value Internet access as they would a bed and hot water , says Greif . "  You ca n't live without it . " 10 budget all-inclusive resorts To hammer the point home , let 's state the obvious : Hotels are not going to be charging a fee to have a bed included in your room . "  It matters to me , " says Neil Glick , a Washington , D.C.-based real estate agent who says he always looks for hotel Wi-Fi , especially when vacationing overseas . It 's not as important in the States , he says , because he can surf on his phone . But , "  internationally it gets real expensive real fast to use 3G . " For the data heads , here are the stats : J.D. Power gathered information from thousands of consumers about their overall satisfaction about hotel costs and fees . The rating plunged 76 points this year : 16 points lower than last year 's survey . Power blames it on hotel Internet charges . Fifty-five percent of hotel guests use the Internet during their hotel stay , the study says , up from 20 % in 2006 . Of those , 87 % connect by Wi-Fi . Eleven percent of guests who use the Internet said they paid an additional fee to connect . Rules and rates for luxury hotel Internet access are far from universal . Some luxury hotels offer Internet access for members of loyalty programs , like Ritz-Carlton 's Club Level , although some Ritz-Carltons provide free Internet access in hotel lobbies . Wiring a hotel for Wi-Fi can be pricier than one might expect . A line capable of delivering 100 megabits of data per second can cost in the range of $ 3,000 to $ 4,000 per month , says Don O'Neal , a veteran hotel consultant for Internet infrastructure . He says an upscale New York hotel he 's familiar with has two 20 megabit connections with a monthly cost between $ 700 to $ 800 each . "  It is expensive , " says Joe McInerney of the American Hotel & Lodging Association . "  And somebody has to pay for it . " He says high-end hotels are n't able to add another $ 15 or $ 20 to their room rates , which is why they charge the fees . "  If you 're not going to use it , then why should you pay for it ? " Competition at budget and moderately priced hotels is more intense because consumers often make their hotel choices based solely on price . They expect rates with amenities rolled in . Wi-Fi is like breakfast . At a luxury hotel , breakfast will cost you . Budget hotels are likely to throw in coffee and a bagel . Confessions of a hotel mystery shopper What really gets guests ' goat , according to the survey , is when hotels charge for Internet via so-called "  resort fees . " Nickel and diming fuels resentment , Greif says , because guests feel like they 're being charged extra for something they give away down the street at the neighborhood coffee shop . Industry experts see increased use of a tiered system of Web access , perhaps offering basic Internet free and then charging for higher data access for things like watching video or playing online games . Not only do hotel guests want more bandwidth , they also want to use more devices in their rooms -- cell phones , laptops and tablets . Many hotels seem to be behind the tech curve . "  It 's part of the whole catch-up , " says Greif . "  Hotels are still trying to run on the lower cost structure from the economic downturn . " Consumer demands are bouncing back with the economy , he says , but hotels are n't catching up quickly enough . "  Internet access is a big part of that . " The cost and fees data is part of a larger survey of more than 61,000 hotel guests from the United States and Canada . Overall , the survey has a 1,000-point scale . This year 's overall score is 757 , which is down seven points from last year , measured across seven types of hotels , from economy/budget to extended stay to luxury . The Ritz-Carlton topped the survey in the luxury category with 864 points . In the economy/budget bracket , Jameson Inn received 751 . Other top hotels in their categories included Omni Hotels & Resorts , Homewood Suites , Drury Hotels , Hilton Garden Inn and Holiday Inn . Customer satisfaction with guest rooms in the survey has dropped within a point of its lowest level in the past seven years . A new part of the annual survey examines opinions of hotel staff . Fifty-six percent of respondents said they had a high opinion of hotel staff , 34 % said average and 10 % said their opinion was low . Experts suggested that hotels were slow to respond to rising consumer expectations as the nation 's economy improves . Do you pay for Wi-Fi at hotels ? Is paying an Internet fee a deal breaker ?	Study suggests luxury hotel guests angry about paying for Wi-Fi Hotel industry : It 's expensive and somebody has to pay for it Satisfaction survey : Hotels playing "  catch-up " after economic slump Check-in/check-out , food/beverage , services/facilities at 6-year low
CNN  -- From the conversations you 've had , what is your sense about how Iraqis feel about the prospect of any greater U.S. involvement ? Nic Robertson : They 're divided . Certainly on the Sunni side , in Anbar province and among the tribes that are supporting the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , they would see it as the Americans backing the Shia . That would n't put the Americans in a very good position to play a mediating type of role , although it would be different if , through American influence , Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki was replaced by someone who was more tolerant and less sectarian . Here in Baghdad , if you go and talk to the guys who are being recruited and who are volunteering to join the Shia militias , they are happy to have American support for their government . And there was perhaps a week ago more of a fear that ISIS might arrive in Baghdad and that they really needed to be stopped in their tracks . But I would also say that there 's caution , because everyone knows what American involvement looks like here . For example , one Sunni politician we talked to said that if the Americans come in , they would have to put right what they did wrong last time . What they mean is they left a sectarian leader in charge of the country , so if there 's any chance of keeping Sunnis onside if there are airstrikes against ISIS , then it will have to involve getting rid of al-Maliki . The Americans have got to be seen to be giving something to both sides , if you like . What kind of support is al-Maliki seeing in Baghdad ? Robertson : It depends who you ask . He has taken a tough line , and a lot of people in the Shia community are answering the call to stand up and join the fight against ISIS . But I think if you asked most moderate , middle-class people , and certainly anyone in the Sunni community , they would say that he is n't a guy for the future . They say that the way al-Maliki has responded thus far to the crisis -- one that many people feel he created through sectarian policies -- has further alienated the Sunnis he should be trying to build bridges with . Have you seen many visible signs around Baghdad of a city preparing for a possible assault ? There was talk last week of Baghdad being a target for militants -- how fortified does the city appear ? Robertson : The area has been fortified for some time . It 's kind of like it was when I was here in 2007 , 2008 , 2009 , back when it started to get more heavily fortified . I would say there are perhaps even a few more checkpoints than back then -- there are certainly a lot of checkpoints at all the main roads , all the main intersections , every few hundred yards . Victoria Eastwood : Yes , as you 're driving along the roads , at virtually every street corner there 's a man in a uniform sitting there with a gun . The other thing that 's quite noticeable is how many blast walls there are -- these very high concrete walls that are outside people 's houses , or across roads . And you 'll see someone 's house , but it 's surrounded by barbed wire and high walls . Robertson : The other thing we experienced just today was when we were driving down the street by the river , and we saw an army patrol . And they will just suddenly close that street you are driving on , so you have to go another way -- there 's no way to talk them out of it . So street closures come at random . What has it been like trying to report from Baghdad , on the street ? Robertson : The hardest thing for us has even been getting permission to film on the street . We 've been here for a week and we 're still trying to get that permission . As a Westerner in Baghdad you stand out very clearly when you 're on the street , and you attract a lot of attention with a camera . So unless you have permission to be using it , you will be shut down very quickly . Hundreds of thousands of residents from cities like Mosul that have come under siege from militants have been fleeing the violence . Where are they going ? Is the government offering any provision for the internally displaced ? Robertson : The government not so much , it seems , and we do n't see this so much in Baghdad . Most of the people that fled out of Anbar have found accommodation with families , friends and others that have taken them in . They are very dispersed -- it 's not like they have collected in a particular area . The people that have just fled out of Mosul , for example , have mostly fled to the Kurdish region where it 's safer and where there are displacement camps being set up . But in Baghdad , even though the fighting is only about a 45-minute drive northeast of the city , people fleeing Baquba , for example , are n't arriving here in perceptible numbers . Eastwood : We just did an interview with someone from the  International Committee of the Red Cross  office , and what he said is that what happens for people in Baghdad who have been internally displaced from areas where there is fighting is that they get brought into their ethnic communities -- they are seeking shelter in these places because they feel safer , rather than necessarily going to NGOs . Many are seeking sanctuary in their ethnic neighborhoods , and these are very closed neighborhoods . How optimistic are people here that Iraq can be prevented from falling apart as a unified nation ? Do Iraqis you speak to care whether the country ends up being divided ? Robertson : I think people want to be safe . I think the Kurds , for example , have been able to take advantage of the situation and have taken control of the last big town that is important to them , Kirkuk , and they have no intention of giving it up . So I think whatever the Iraq is of the future , the Kurds are going to want the Kurdish region , which has had some autonomy , to have even more autonomy and greater separation from Baghdad . I think as the sectarian tensions rise -- and you 've already been seeing this over the past decade -- you will have , as Victoria just said , people fleeing to their communities . And this means you 're going to have even more sectarian division -- the fault lines are opening up over sectarian lines . And at the moment there 's no indication that this government has the ability to roll back wholesale the gains by ISIS and the Sunnis . Anbar and Falluja are a prime example of that -- they took control of these places at the beginning of the year , and the government has been incapable of taking them back . It has basically just built very big checkpoints on the roads , essentially cutting them off . The government has just walled off connections to large Sunni areas . And that 's probably quite symptomatic of the way this is likely to play out . But what this means is that any political compromise in the future is going to be short-lived , and may never be able to bring back the country to the way it was before . Eastwood : From what we 've been told , people that can afford it are trying to leave the country . We have just done an interview with someone Nic has known for a very long time -- he has reported on her story , and that of her family , over the course of a decade . And in that time , her husband was shot dead in early sectarian violence , her daughter was kidnapped . She only managed to get her daughter back by kidnapping another senior militant who then allowed her daughter to be released . And yet despite all this , it 's only now that she says she has had enough and that she sees no future for this country . Robertson : Her eldest daughter is a Shiite who is going to get married to a Sunni , and so they need to get to the Kurdish region so it is safe . Then they are planning to leave the country . She has been through hell . And now for her this is it -- there 's no hope for the future of the country .	Iraqis are divided about greater U.S. involvement in their country Blast walls , barbed wire and random road closures are common Getting permission to film in Baghdad is tough There is no sign the government can roll back militants ' gains
CNN  -- It is one of the most remarkable images of the 20th Century -- and no one is watching . As the thoroughbreds stampede around the bend at Britain 's most prestigious horse race , a lone woman darts onto the track . In a shocking instant she is mowed to the ground by one of the animals galloping at more than 55 kilometers per hour , her hat rolling away as she is trampled beneath the pounding hooves . Yet take a closer look at the famous 1913 photo of suffragette Emily Davison sprawled on the Epsom Derby race track , and you 'll see the majority of spectators are not straining to see the tragic scene -- but the winning horse crossing the finishing line . This Saturday marks 100 years since the feminist gave her life in a grisly -- and mysterious -- protest for women 's right to vote , throwing herself in front of the King 's horse during the most high-profile sporting event on the planet . "  Emily Davison 's actions were of huge significance , " Melissa Benn , British journalist and daughter of former Labour MP Tony Benn , told CNN . "  She cared enough about a principle - that women should have equal political rights - to sacrifice her health , her reputation with the establishment , her comfort , her safety and ultimately her life . " Feminism 's forgotten hero ? But a century after her horrifying death , how many people would be able to name one of the women credited with helping bring about the vote for British females ? While 1950s U.S. civil rights protester Rosa Parks made history for her refusal to give up her bus seat , and Burmese democracy campaigner Aung San Suu Kyi famously endured house arrest throughout the 1990s , the name "  Emily Davison " has failed to gain such international recognition . "  Very few women - or men - would be able to name her , " said Benn . "  A lot of it was due to the lack of widespread , mainstream media at the time -- limited photography , film , newspaper coverage . News was filtered through very few , limited sources -- and all of those were in the hands of powerful men . " Despite the huge coverage -- film technology was in its early days but the remarkable incident was captured on three newsreel cameras -- many newspaper front pages instead led on the winning horse . "  The big story in the papers the next day was the winning horse Craganour having the title taken off him for alleged rough riding , " Michael Tanner , horse racing historian and author of the ` Suffragette Derby , ' told CNN . "  The press treated Davison as a mad , middle-aged crank who had tried to destroy a pleasant day of sport for the masses . " Four days after she dashed beneath the pounding hooves , Davison died in hospital from her horrific injuries . The 40-year-old passed away amid public condemnation , with the Queen Mother reportedly sending her apologies to the jockey that the race had been interrupted by a "  brutal lunatic woman . " It 's unclear whether Davison intended to commit suicide at the Epsom Derby . She was carrying a return train ticket and a banner , with some historians now suggesting she instead wanted to attach the banner to the royal racehorse Anmer . A militant campaigner Born in London in 1872 , Davison studied literature at Royal Holloway College before working as a teacher in an era when a woman 's place was as a dedicated wife and mother in the home . At 32 she joined the Women 's Social and Political Union -- known as the Suffragettes -- a campaign group for women 's right to vote , who carried out militant protests such as chaining themselves to railings and prison hunger strikes . On the night of the 1911 census , Davison hid in a broom cupboard in the House of Commons so that when asked to fill out the form , the address of a woman without the vote would , ironically , be Parliament . In 1999 , Melissa Benn 's Labour MP father , Tony Benn , fitted a brass plate to the crypt door to commemorate the audacious protest . "  What 's interesting is how Davison 's tactics so suit a later age -- which is more dramatic and media-savvy , " said Melissa . "  There was certainly controversy about the suffragettes ' methods -- many thought they were publicity-seeking and destructive and too elitist -- and there was tremendous dispute within the movement about their tactics . " Davison was arrested nine times for her demonstrations and even in prison was a force to be reckoned with -- throwing herself down an iron staircase and going on hunger strikes . White funeral While Davison 's fatal Epsom Derby protest divided opinion , her coffin procession through the streets of London -- including a haunting sea of suffragettes dressed in white -- had the appearance of a "  state funeral , " said Tanner . "  It was arguably bigger than Margret Thatcher 's funeral , " he added . "  The suffragettes held her up as a heroine . In death , she became a martyr . " Five years after Davison 's death , in 1918 , women aged over 30 won the vote in Britain . Ten years later the age was reduced to 21 -- equal with men . "  Her legacy today is an enfranchised female population : a growing number of women in mainstream politics ; the first woman Prime Minister ; a much more equal society , " said Benn . "  But we still have a long way to go . Four fifths of Parliament are men -- it is a very masculine place . " Tanner however , argues that the outbreak of World War One the following year did more to help the women 's movement than Davison 's deadly protest . "  It was more of a result of the female contribution to the war effort , that the first movements were made to giving some concessions to women , " he said . One thing is certain , 100 years ago Davison paid the ultimate sacrifice in her for equality -- with a fearlessness that still resonates today .	100 year anniversary of Suffragette Emily Davison 's death at Epsom Derby Militant campaigner ran in front of King 's horse , died four days later Legendary feminist , yet many women today would n't know her name Five years later , women over 30 given right to vote . Her legacy still disputed
CNN  -- I have so few images of myself as a baby that 30 years ago , when I first picked up a camera , I never could have imagined that my imagery of other babies would resonate around the world . Since then , I 've been fortunate to photograph thousands of children , and within these images I 've always tried to convey the purity , beauty and innocence of the newborn . I truly feel that they represent the very essence of our existence and when they are with me in my studio they always bring joy to my heart . The vulnerability of the newborn -- without care , nourishment , love and attention they can not survive -- is a fact of life . Every mother reading this will remember the moment when she first gazed into the eyes of her baby . Out of that fog which can constitute childbirth , we are not only automatically transported into our new lives as mothers , but that essential nurturing instinct instantly becomes part of us , as we promise ourselves that we will do everything we can to protect the new life we have created . And after giving birth , we as women become members of the vast sisterhood of mothers -- a universal oneness ; a shared experience to which we can all relate . As the global advocate for the United Nations Foundation 's Shot@Life campaign , and as a part of my commitment to support the Every Woman Every Child initiative , this Mother 's Day I ask all mothers to pause for a moment . Spare a thought for another mother in the world who feels exactly the same way about her own child as you do about yours , yet is helpless to protect them against common diseases such as measles , pneumonia , diarrhea or polio . Ultimately Shot@Life aims to help save the lives of the 1.5 million children under the age of 5 who die every year from diseases that are entirely preventable by vaccines . Please do n't be overwhelmed by these statistics -- within your heart just imagine one child and one mother . It is very difficult for any parent in a developed country to comprehend that $ 20 can save the life of a child . Put yourself in another mother 's shoes . If someone were to say to you , "  I can save the life of your child for $ 20 , " what would your response be ? Shot@Life aims to save the lives of 1,000 children by Mother 's Day , and I think we can achieve this goal . If just 1,000 people gave $ 20 each in celebration of Mother 's Day , we could save the lives of 1,000 children . How hard can it be ? A thousand children saved , and the pain of a thousand mothers eased . Collectively , our babies are a compelling and persuasive symbol of hope and the transforming power of unconditional love . Let 's make sure that all of our children live to realize their potential . Together we can all make a difference . To help reach our Mother 's Day goal , click here . Follow Anne Geddes on her blog , Facebook and Twitter . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Anne Geddes .	United Nations Foundation 's Shot@Life campaign promotes childhood vaccines 1.5 million children die each year from diseases that are preventable by vaccines Anne Geddes asks mothers to celebrate Mother 's Day by donating $ 20
CNN  -- Four months after Oprah Winfrey 's daytime talk show leaves the air in September , Winfrey will return to TV on her OWN network , her company said . "  She 's going to continue doing what she loves , talking to people , from the famous to the infamous , " OWN CEO Christina Norman told CNN . "  But this time , she 's going to be untethered from the chairs and taking the show on the road . " OWN : The Oprah Winfrey Network launches January 1 , 2011 , replacing the Discovery Health Network , which is distributed in 80 million households , according to Discovery Communications . "  My vision for OWN is to create a network that inspires our viewers and makes them want to be who they are on their best day , " Winfrey said in a written statement . When Winfrey announced last year that "  The Oprah Winfrey Show " would end its 25-year run on syndicated television on September 9 , 2011 , speculation began that she would return with a new show when OWN launched . Winfrey will "  bust out of the studio to explore the world " with her new show , which will be called "  Oprah 's Next Chapter , " Norman said . "  Her interviews are going to be everywhere from the Taj Mahal to under that beautiful oak tree at her home , " she said . The show is one of five new original series unveiled by OWN on Thursday , joining 10 previously announced . Winfrey will also host a show called "  Master Class , " Norman said . "  That 's where she has handpicked some of the most amazing intellectual leaders of our time to give their life lesson , " Norman said . "  And we 've got an amazing lineup of people who are going to be sharing their life lessons . So everyone from Jay-Z , Condoleezza Rice , Sidney Poitier and Loren Michaels . People whose stories can inspire your story . " Other shows added to the OWN lineup include , "  Visionaries : Inside the Creative Mind , " "  Your OWN Show : Oprah 's Search for the Next TV Star , " "  Gayle King Live ! " and "  Why Not ? With Shania Twain . " CNN 's JD Cargill contributed to this report .	Show will return on OWN four months after it goes off air in September New show will be called "  Oprah 's Next Chapter " Five new original series were unveiled by OWN on Thursday
EW.com  -- Bazinga : CBS has overthrown Fox to win the 2012-13 broadcast season among the coveted adults 18-49 demographic . With only two nights left in the season , CBS claimed victory Tuesday given its insurmountable lead . The win snaps Fox 's unprecedented eight-year winning streak . CBS gets cocky : ` We are the center of the universe ' Among total viewers , CBS has led the broadcast field for years , ranking No. 1 during 10 of the past 11 seasons . But this is the first time CBS has won in the 18-49 demo in 21 years . CBS would even win the season if you excluded the network 's high-flying Super Bowl coverage . The network claims nine of the top 15 scripted primetime programs , including "  Big Bang Theory , " "  NCIS " and "  Person of Interest . " During a press breakfast for reporters last week , CBS Corp. . CEO Les Moonves relished the current standings . Yet CBS only deserves partial credit for its ranking . The network maintained roughly the same ratings as last year â $ " which is certainly no easy task in an era of increasing DVR use , streaming and competition from cable networks . But it was Fox declining 22 percent due to softening "  American Idol " popularity and other factors that gave CBS the trophy . Fox hopes to surge back next season with its new schedule , including the promising J.J. Abrams-produced action-drama "  Almost Human , " and the use of short-order limited series , including a rebooted "  24 . " The "  Idol " judges panel will be firmed up over the next couple months , and last night Fox announced an experienced new judges panel for "  The X Factor . " Fox unveils fall schedule The rest : NBC slipped slightly this season . But if you were to remove the Super Bowl from its average last year , NBC would have actually been up thanks to "  The Voice " boosting its fall  and despite a rather spectacular midseason ratings crash  . ABC also fell , and this fall rolls out a whooping eight new shows . See the original story on EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	CBS won the 2012-13 broadcast season in the coveted 18-49 demo The win breaks Fox 's eight-year winning streak CBS has led for years in total viewers , but the adult demo win is its first in 21 years
CNN  -- Tom Greer says he fought back when he was attacked by intruders at his Southern California home . Then he got his gun and fired at them and they ran . The 80-year-old homeowner says one of the fleeing burglars , a woman , shouted , "  I 'm pregnant ! " He shot her twice , killing her . The woman was not pregnant , Ed Winter of the Los Angeles County Coroner 's Office told CNN on Friday . The district attorney will decide whether Greer will face criminal charges . Long Beach Police Chief Jim McDonnell said Greer walked into his house Tuesday to find suspects Andrea Miller , 26 , and Gus Adams , 28 , ransacking it . According to McDonnell , Greer said this was the fourth time his house has been burglarized . Police say the couple beat and threw the elderly man to the ground , causing injuries , which included a broken collarbone , cuts and bruises . Despite his injuries , Greer managed to grab his gun and fire at the suspects , causing them to flee through the garage and into the alley , police said . In an interview with KNBC , Greer said that as the suspects ran into the alley , Miller yelled , " ` Do n't shoot me , I 'm pregnant ! I 'm going to have a baby ! ' and I shot her anyway . " Miller died in the alley , the police chief said . When asked by KNBC how he felt about the incident , Greer responded that he had no regrets . "  I had to do what I had to do . " Adams , the alleged accomplice , fled the scene , according to Greer and Chief McDonnell . He was later arrested and charged Friday with five felony counts , including murder in Miller 's death , residential robbery , burglary , grand theft firearm and possession of a firearm by a felon . He 's currently jailed on $ 1.25 million bond . Adams was scheduled for arraignment on Friday , but his court appearance at Los Angeles Superior Court in Long Beach was postponed until August 11 . Detroit-area man who shot woman on porch arraigned on murder charge Doctor shoots patient who shot , killed caseworker CNN 's Chuck Condor and Amanda Watts contributed to this report .	Long Beach , California , man was burglarized and beaten by a couple , police say Female suspect claimed she was pregnant , but Greer shot her twice , killing her DA will determine whether the 80-year-old homeowner will be charged The suspected male accomplice has been charged with felony murder
UNITED NATIONS  CNN  -- Rebel forces have declared a cease-fire after four days of fighting in the North Kivu province of eastern Congo , the French ambassador to the United Nations said after Security Council talks on the unfolding humanitarian crisis . Congolese soldiers and displaced civilians move into Goma on Wednesday , fleeing advancing rebels . Laurent Nkunda , the Congolese Tutsi general who leads troops of the National Congress for the Defense of the People , ordered the cease-fire , Ambassador Jean-Maurice Ripert told reporters . "  We hope that it will stand , and we hope that tomorrow Mr. Nkunda will announce that he stops his offensive , " Ripert said , adding that he expected the the council would condemn the military operation . He called the humanitarian situation "  very alarming , " said more than 50,000 people "  are on the road , " and expressed hope that Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon would send a high-level envoy to the region for talks "  as soon as possible . " Representatives of European countries "  are talking together " about how best to ease the situation , Ripert said . "  We are looking into the most effective and fastest way of helping MONUC , " he said , using the French acronym for the U.N. mission in Congo . Nkunda has accused the Congolese government of failing to protect the Tutsi tribe from Rwandan Hutu militia in Congo . Ripert cited reports of fighting at the DRC 's border with Rwanda and called on neighboring countries "  to use restraint and not to interfere . " News of the cease-fire was embraced by Samuel Nagbe , a representative of the relief agency Oxfam , in the eastern Congolese city of Goma . "  We are very happy that , at least , the fighting is going to stop , " he told CNN . He called for the factions to meet "  to find a lasting situation to the crisis . " Nkuda 's troops were advancing after fighting between the rebels and government forces led thousands of people to flee south toward Goma , capital of North Kivu province in eastern Congo . Conditions in the region were "  continuing to deteriorate rapidly , " the medical charity Doctors Without Borders said in a statement posted on its Web site . Madnodje Mounoubai , spokesman for the U.N. peacekeeping mission in Congo , said government troops were leaving the city , which was n't on the front lines . He said he did n't know where the soldiers were going , but suspected they were headed to areas of heavy fighting . Ban said at midday he was "  alarmed at the escalation of violence " over the prior 24 hours and warned of a "  humanitarian crisis . " In Washington , U.S. State Department spokesman Sean McCormack told reporters the agency was sending Assistant Secretary Jendayi Frazer to the region as an envoy . "  We 're working as best we can to minimize or defuse the situation , get more troops in there , " McCormack said . Attacks by CNDP rebels have uprooted hundreds of thousands of displaced people from camps run by the United Nations and other organizations . "  The humanitarian situation is quite dire , " Mounoubai told CNN by phone from Kinshasa , Congo 's capital . "  We have internally displaced people streaming out of camps . Both parties are blocking the U.N. from reaching desperately needy people to evacuate , " he added . "  I can not emphasize how desperate the situation on the ground is . " The region 's instability endangers aid workers , some of whom have joined the exodus . Michael Arunga , a spokesman for World Vision , told CNN the organization 's workers had fled to the Rwandan border , where they were assessing the situation and caring for civilians crossing into the area . Arunga said he himself had fled from Goma , where he could hear shootings at night . "  For agencies to operate on the ground , we need a peaceful environment , " he said . Doctors Without Borders said that on Sunday , medical teams in Rutshuru treated 70 wounded , and had been working round the clock since . Some of the people who sought help had been on the run for weeks , said the group , which described the situation as "  extremely volatile . " Doctors have been working mostly in towns and camps in and around Kitchanga , Masisi , Mweso , Nyanzale and Kayna . DWB says it is the only international organization still providing medical and humanitarian assistance in Kitchanga , Masisi , Mweso and Rutshuru .	NEW : U.N. says rebel troops to adhere to cease-fire 45,000 flee refugee camp in matter of hours U.N. says its peacekeepers still in charge of Goma Congo says Rwandan forces join fight with minority Tutsi rebels
CNN  -- A head-banging parrot who became a YouTube sensation has demonstrated that an ability to appreciate music and keep a rhythm is not unique to humans , scientists say . Alex , an African grey parrot , was one of 14 birds which displayed an ability to keep time with a tune . Snowball the cockatoo , who appears to bop his head , tap his claws and squawk enthusiastically to the Back Street Boys ' "  Everybody " is one of several birds apparently capable of dancing to a beat , according to two studies published in the latest edition of the journal Current Biology . In a study lead by Adena Schachner of Harvard University , researchers examined more than 1,000 YouTube videos of dancing animals and found 14 types of parrot species and one elephant genuinely capable of keeping time . The video of Snowball has been viewed more than two million times since it was posted in 2007 . Another video of Snowball shows him dancing to Queen 's "  Another One Bites the Dust . " Watch Snowball the dancing parrot " Schachner analyzed the videos frame-by-frame , comparing the animals ' movements with the speed of the music and the alignment of individual beats . The group also studied another bird , Alex , an African grey parrot , which had exhibited similar abilities to Snowball , nodding its head appreciatively to a series of drum tracks . "  Our analyses showed that these birds ' movements were more lined up with the musical beat than we 'd expect by chance , " says Schachner . "  We found strong evidence that they were synchronizing with the beat , something that has not been seen before in other species . " Aniruddh Patel of The Neurosciences Institute in San Diego , who led another study of Snowball 's performance , said that the bird had demonstrated an ability to adjust the tempo of his dancing to stay synchronized to the beat . Scientists had previously thought that "  moving to a musical beat might be a uniquely human ability because animals are not commonly seen moving rhythmically in the wild , " Patel said . Schachner said there was no evidence to suggest that animals such as apes , dogs or cats could recognize music , despite their extensive experience of humans . That leads researchers to believe that an ability to process musical sounds may be linked to an ability to mimic sounds -- something that each of the parrots studied by researchers was able to do excellently , she said . Other "  vocal-learning species " include dolphins , elephants , seals and walruses . "  A natural question about these results is whether they generalize to other parrots , or more broadly , to other vocal-learning species , " Schachner said . Researchers believe a possible link between vocal mimicry and an ability to hear music may explain the development of music in human societies . "  The question of why music is found in every known human culture is a longstanding puzzle . Many argue that it is an adaptive behaviour that helped our species to evolve . But equally plausible is the possibility that it emerged as a by-product of other abilities -- such as vocal learning , " music psychologist Lauren Stewart of Goldsmiths , University of London told CNN . "  Parrots and humans both have the ability to imitate sounds that they hear , unlike our closer simian relatives . Once a species has the neural machinery in place for coupling the perception and production of vocal sounds , it may be only a small step to use the same circuits for synchronizing movements to a beat . "	Scientists : Dancing parrots prove ability to recognize music not unique to humans YouTube hit Snowball the cockatoo dances to Back Street Boys , Queen Ability to keep time apparently linked to vocal mimicry , scientists believe Other animals capable of mimicry include dolphins , elephants , seals , walruses
This year marks the 150th anniversary of the Battle of Solferino which led to the creation of the International Committee of the Red Cross . The ICRC is using the date to launch an awareness campaign of its work in conflict-affected countries , featuring photos taken by five award-winning photojournalists . This week we 're bringing you stories from some of the world 's most troubled countries , as told by the ICRC . MONROVIA , Liberia  ICRC  -- On a dusty pitch in the middle of the capital of Monrovia limbless young men play football as though their lives depended on it . Coach Paul Tolbert says many members of Liberia 's amputee football team had lost the will to live . Football has given them hope . They are members of the Liberian National Amputee Football Team and for the most part , victims of the war . Some participated in cruel acts against civilians during the fighting and face a daily struggle to live with both their disability and the past . "  I was at church when armed men came in and killed hundreds of us , " says 18 year old Richard Duo , who is now a star infield attacker and one of the highest goal-scorers on the team . "  I lost my mother , father and one of my brothers . My other siblings were wounded and I lost my leg . "  Now that there is peace , I have decided not to think about that anymore . I only want to look forward , to see what I can do to help myself and my family in the future . Those terrible things have already happened . I just want to focus on the future , " he says . See photos of Richard Duo and his team mates " Tens of thousands of people were killed or injured in Liberia 's 14-year civil war . The fighting brought rape and mutilation , children were abducted and forced to become fighters and untold numbers had to flee their homes . Since 2003 , peace has returned and while efforts are underway to rebuild the country the emotional and physical scars of war remain . Amputee football began in Liberia as a means of therapy and healing . It was an initiative of the National Commission for Disarmament , Demobilization , Reintegration and Rehabilitation , which is responsible for assisting former fighters . The team 's coach , 30 year old Paul Tolbert , began recruiting members when he worked for the commission as a counseling coordinator . "  When you ask them how they felt after they were amputated , most of them wanted to kill themselves , " says Tolbert . "  Life no longer had meaning for them . Amputee football restores their hope . Take the example of the guy who won Most Valuable Player in the recent African Cup of Nations . He was a very good player before he was amputated , but gave up hope when he lost his leg . "  When I went to recruit him , I told him ` You can make it , there is still a chance for you . ' He since has regained a sense of hope . ' " In 2008 , the Liberian team hosted the African Cup of Nations and won the tournament . The team has been to Russia and Turkey for international competitions and will travel to England in June for the Amputee World Cup , where they have a very good chance of making it to the final . The President of Liberia , Ellen Johnson-Sirleaf , is their number one fan , ensuring support for travel and profiling the team in her speeches . Tolbert says the healing effects go well beyond the players . "  I tell my team they are bringing a sense of victory to the country . In my eyes , they are not disabled . They are men who bring pride to this nation . " The players themselves say they are motivated by a desire to leave the war behind and to make something of themselves for their families . They 're also looking for a sense of belonging and brotherhood among those who know what it 's like to live with the horrors of war and to struggle just to survive . "  I love the sport because I can experience friendship again , " says Joseph Allen , 21 , who was named the best goalkeeper in the Russian tournament . "  Friendship was gone from my life for the longest time . Football brings attention to our disability and helps people better understand that we are able to contribute to society . " For players like 32 year old Anthony Doe , amputee football has opened up a window on a world he never dreamed possible . "  I never thought that one day I would go and see Turkey or Russia but thanks to football I 've been able to travel to compete , " says the striker . For more about this topic go to the ICRC Web Site . Have you been affected by conflict ? Send your photos and stories to iReport	Many members of Liberia 's amputee football team had lost the will to live They were recruited by a counselor working to rehabilitate former fighters Coach Paul Tolbert : "  They are men who bring pride to this nation " Photos were taken by war photographer Christopher Morris for the ICRC
LONDON , England  CNN  -- In the developing world millions of people struggle to operate machinery , read from a blackboard , or just see the world around them , because they do n't have access to the eyeglasses they need . Self-refraction glasses let the wearer adjust the lenses to suit their vision , without the need for an optometrist . But a pair of glasses developed by Joshua Silver , a physics professor at the University of Oxford , offers an affordable solution . The glasses can be adjusted to the right strength by the wearer without the need to visit an optometrist . A major reason for that is a chronic shortage of optometrists -- in Ghana , for example , there is just one for every eight million people . That makes it incredibly difficult for ordinary people to visit an optometrist , without which it 's impossible for them to get glasses . But Silver thinks he may have come up with a solution to the problem . His self-refraction glasses mean people can correct their vision without needing an optometrist  see Fact Box  . "  Take a Sub-Saharan country where there is one optometrist for every million people ; those people will never see an optometrist , so how will they get eyewear ? , " he told CNN . "  Any model of delivery of vision correction in the developing world that depends on eye care professionals wo n't work . If you find a model that does n't rely on them , then you potentially have a solution . " Silver has been developing the glasses for over 20 years and continues to research the technology at the Center for Vision in the Developing World  CVDW  at the University of Oxford . He told CNN that about 80 percent of those who try the glasses are able to correct their vision , but there are limitations . They ca n't be used to correct astigmatism and it 's not known if they are suitable for children , although the CVDW is currently running a study to determine if schoolchildren can correct their own vision with their teachers ' help . So far , 30,000 pairs of self-refraction glasses have been distributed around the world , through an adult literacy program in Ghana and the U.S. Military Humanitarian and Civic Assistance  HCA  Program . The man behind the HCA program was Kevin White . He has now retired from the military and has set up Global Vision 2020 to distribute self-adjustable glasses . White has just returned from Liberia , where he trained 40 people from local NGOs to dispense the glasses . White sees charity organizations already working in developing countries as the key to distribution . "  If I can train people from existing networks to dispense glasses , and they can spare one day each week or month to dispense the glasses , then they can see 50 to 100 people in a day -- and that 's a way to reach a lot of people , " White told CNN . But for the program to be sustainable , White says the next step is to train his dispensers to become trainers themselves , so that he builds a growing network of people in developing countries who can distribute the glasses . Silver estimates that one billion people in the developing world do n't have access to the glasses they need , and he has said that he would like to see all of them wearing glasses by 2020 . But he is under no illusions that he can do it alone . "  No one person or company can possibly deliver that many glasses by 2020 . There 's a big infrastructure that needs to be set up to do that , and I 'd like to see it happen , " he told CNN . Distribution is one problem , cost is another . Currently , it cost $ 19 to manufacture a pair of self-refraction glasses , and Silver acknowledges that the price needs to come down to a few dollars a pair to make them affordable . Another issue is style . The glasses are currently functional , rather than fashionable , and that may limit their uptake , but more cosmetic versions are being developed . Silver says far more research is needed before those one billion people get their glasses , but he sees his self-refraction technology as a step toward that goal . He told CNN , "  It 's one of the world 's largest problems . There 's an immense amount of interest in solving it and self-refraction is one route that can assist with that . "	A lack of optometrists means many in the developing world ca n't get glasses Josh Silver has developed glasses with lenses that can be altered by the wearer The technology could be used to provide glasses for one billion people Global Vision 2020 is training charity workers to dispense the glasses
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Muhammad Saad Iqbal is a free man after serving more than six years at the U.S. military 's detention facility at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba -- without any charge . A guard talks to a Guantanamo detainee , inside the open yard at Camp 4 detention center , this week . Now , Iqbal is considering suing the U.S. government for unlawful detention . "  I am angry in my heart , " Iqbal said in a recent interview . "  It 's easy for the U.S. government to say , ` There are no charges found and he 's free . ' "  But who will be responsible for seven years of my life ? " His attorney in Washington , Richard Cys , said he is considering a lawsuit against the U.S. government , on behalf of Iqbal , but the details of the suit have not been worked out . Cys said he is waiting for the outcome of a habeas corpus petition , which "  could be a vehicle for future lawsuit . " "  We may well have claims arising from our habeas action , but we 're still not sure what path we 're going to pursue , " he said . It would not be the first lawsuit brought against the U.S. government by a former Guantanamo detainee . President Obama signed an executive order Thursday to close the camp within a year . The move could lead to an increase in the number of lawsuits brought by former detainees who -- like Iqbal -- say they were held for no reason . A former Gitmo detainee talks about his experiences " The Pakistani citizen was taken into U.S. custody in January 2002 while visiting family in Indonesia . He reportedly was arrested after talking about making a shoe bomb , something he denies . "  I never -LSB- made -RSB- that statement , " Iqbal said . "  But they have -LSB- said -RSB- a lot of things , like I went to Afghanistan , but they have no proof . " Iqbal says while in U.S. custody , he was taken to Egypt , then to Bagram Air Base in Afghanistan . In March 2003 , he arrived at Guantanamo 's military prison , which became a lightning rod for critics who charged that the Bush administration had used torture on terror detainees . Iqbal accuses his handlers in Guantanamo of beating him during his six-month hunger strike and withholding medical treatment until he agreed to cooperate . "  Even when they take me to hospital , I ca n't even walk but they put me in 4-by-4 -LSB- cell -RSB- , my hands tied with handcuffs and my legs also had leg shackles , " he said . The CIA and Pentagon repeatedly have denied allegations of mistreatment and torture , saying all interrogation was lawfully done . In response to Iqbal 's allegations , CIA spokesman Paul Gimigliano told The New York Times this month , "  I have no idea what he 's talking about . " Six months after he was admitted to Guantanamo , Iqbal said he tried to kill himself . While no one watched , Iqbal said he and several inmates tried to hang themselves with bedsheets . Four of the prisoners died , according to Iqbal . But his survival continued what he calls the theft of his freedom by the U.S. government . Former President Bush and other senior officials have repeatedly denied that the U.S. government used torture to extract intelligence from terror suspects . Obama issued three executive orders Thursday designed to show a clean break from the Bush administration on the war on terror . One ordered the closure of the Guantanamo Bay facility within a year . A second executive order formally banned torture by requiring the Army Field Manual be used as the guide for terror interrogations , essentially ending the Bush administration 's CIA program of enhanced interrogation methods . The third establishes an inter-agency task force to lead a systematic review of detention policies and procedures and a review of all individual cases . Iqbal was among nearly 800 inmates who came through Guantanamo Bay , classified by Washington as suspected terrorists . Most were never charged with a crime . With the help of a U.S.-based lawyer , Iqbal was released in September without ever being charged . He returned to Pakistan , walking with the help of a cane , complaining of back pain , a bad leg and a torn eardrum -- all the result , he says , of his time in custody . Not once during those nearly seven years in custody did anyone tell him why he was being held . All they told him , according to Iqbal , was that they were sent "  by the U.S. government -LSB- in -RSB- Washington , D.C. , by -LSB- the -RSB- CIA , to interrogate you if you have any information about terrorists or terrorism . " Despite his anger and his physical ailments , Iqbal says he "  was born again and given a new life from God " after his release . He is demanding justice for what he says was his unlawful detention -- but not through violent means . "  We have to convey that Islam is a peace -LSB- ful -RSB- religion and we -LSB- do -RSB- not hate anybody , " he said . CNN 's Ed Henry and Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	Pakistani citizen was taken into U.S. custody in January 2002 Muhammad Saad Iqbal accuses handlers at Guantanamo Bay of beating him Iqbal reportedly arrested after talking about making a shoe bomb U.S. attorney says lawsuit is under consideration
CNN  -- Federal prosecutors are pushing to force the Arizona man accused of fatally gunning down six people and wounding 13 others , including U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords , to submit a handwriting sample -- a request that he , thus far , has refused . A motion was filed Monday , out of the office of U.S. Attorney Dennis Burke in Arizona , asking the court to compel Jared Lee Loughner to write out something so authorities can view his writing style . The government wants the sample to compare with handwritten notes found in Loughner 's residence that include mentions of Giffords "  as well as references to guns and bullets , " according to a court document . It says he has resisted such requests to date , "  arguing that the court lacks authority " to force him to provide a sample . "  There being no other avenue to obtain the defendant 's handwriting exemplar , the government now seeks an order to compel , " prosecutors wrote in the motion . Last Thursday , a federal grand jury returned a new indictment against Loughner in which he is charged on 49 counts -- including murder and attempted murder -- related to the shooting outside a Tucson supermarket in January . The 22-year-old Tucson man was indicted on three counts of attempted murder , including one alleging that he tried to kill Giffords with a Glock semiautomatic handgun during the event she was hosting for constituents . After being shot through the head , the congresswoman is now undergoing rehabilitation at a medical facility in Houston , Texas . The new indictment -- which supersedes an earlier one , which had fewer charges -- adds murder charges connected to the deaths of John M. Roll , a federal district judge , and Gabriel M. Zimmerman , a staff member for Giffords . Loughner also faces charges in the deaths of Dorothy J. Morris , Phyllis C. Schneck , Dorwan C. Stoddard , and a child , referred to in the indictment as C-T G. Nine-year-old Christina-Taylor Green was among those killed in the shooting . Autopsy reports released Monday showed that Zimmerman , Schneck and Stoddard suffered fatal head wounds , while the three others were shot in the chest . Loughner could face a death sentence if convicted , Burke said last week , although prosecutors have not said yet whether they will seek the death penalty . Loughner , who is being held by authorities in Arizona , is expected to be arraigned on the new charges Wednesday in Tucson , the district attorney 's office said .	Jared Loughner is refusing the government 's request for a writing sample Authorities want it to compare with notes found in his home after the shooting Loughner faces 49 charges related to a mass shooting outside a Tucson market
CNN  -- On Wednesday , NASA officials announced a serious problem with the Kepler satellite , the world 's most successful planet-finding machine . Since its launch four years ago , Kepler has found more than 2,700 possible planets orbiting stars other than our Sun , of which more than 100 have been confirmed . A few of these exoplanets resemble the Earth in size or mass . Recently , three Earth-like planets were even reported to be in the habitable zone : close enough to the star they orbit that water is liquid , yet not so close that it is boiling . Planets with liquid water may well harbor life . Now , the second of four of the Kepler spacecraft 's reaction wheels , which aim the vessel 's instruments , appears to have failed . It remains to be seen whether full repairs are possible . For the spacecraft to point accurately , at least three reaction wheels are needed , corresponding to the three dimensions  up-down , north-south , east-west  . The fourth wheel serves as a backup and provides cross-comparisons of data among the wheels . The first wheel failed last summer ; now Kepler has too few reaction wheels to keep pointing with sufficient stability . When a major component like a thruster fails on any spacecraft , operations software points the craft 's solar panels toward the sun to ensure a continuous power supply . Power is a satellite 's lifeblood : Lose it and you lose communications , so the satellite ca n't be oriented properly or take data . Backup batteries allow the solar panels to be misdirected for a few hours or so , before all power is lost . But batteries drain quickly , so engineers design software to make sure that when something goes wrong , the spacecraft points in a direction that preserves power . Urry : Three more homes for life in the universe ? Reaction wheels are spinning flywheels that carry "  angular momentum , " a term roughly analogous to the force that keeps a car coasting even when the driver 's foot is off the gas . Spinning objects keep spinning unless they transfer angular momentum to another object . For example , if a flywheel is commanded to spin more slowly  through an electric motor  , the spacecraft will pick up spin to compensate . If the flywheel spins faster , the spacecraft will spin in the opposite direction . Increasing or decreasing the spin of a reaction wheel is therefore a way of pointing the spacecraft . This may sound like a complicated way to make a telescope move , but the problem is , there is nothing in empty space to push on . To close a door , you push on it . This works because gravity holds you firmly on the ground , and your feet stay put because of friction with the floor . If you pushed on an open door in space , it would push you in the opposite direction . In space , there is no standing still . So Kepler 's reaction wheels are essential for pointing the spacecraft accurately and steadily . Unfortunately , less stable pointing means less accurate photometry  the measurement of light from the star  . Since Kepler finds planets by measuring the tiny dips in a star 's brightness when a dark planet moves across the face of that star , less accurate photometry means Earth-like planets will be too hard to find . Urry : A meteor and asteroid -- 1 in 100 million odds NASA is trying to figure how to fix or work around the broken reaction wheels . It has done amazing things before ; you do n't have to be an optimist to think there is still a chance to turn Kepler around . But the loss of a fully functional Kepler would be terrible . It has found more potential planets than any other facility or method . Kepler data have yielded an estimate of the total number of Earth-like planets in the Milky Way galaxy : at least 17 billion . That 's an Earth-like planet around one in every six stars . Fortunately , there are other ways to find planets than by detecting transits  the passage of a planetary body across a sun  , as Kepler does . In fact , the first few hundred exoplanets were found by the "  radial velocity " technique , which detects tiny motions of a star as it and its planets orbit one another . A Yale astronomy professor , Debra Fischer , has pioneered clever improvements to this technique so that she can find 100 Earth-size planets , perhaps 10 % of which might harbor life .  Hear the full story in Fischer 's TEDx talk , "  Why We Need to Find 100 Earths . " Fischer is going after Earth-like planets in the habitable zone . After all , the discovery of life on another planet would cause a profound shift in our world view , akin to the Copernican shift from an Earth-centric to a Sun-centric world . So when Fischer says we should be "  the alien civilizations that explore other worlds , " I say : With Kepler or without , it 's only a matter of time until we find signs of life on other worlds . Read more space and science news at CNN Light Years The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Meg Urry .	NASA says planet-finding Kepler satellite directional equipment failing Meg Urry says Kepler has found 2,700-plus exoplanets , some that may harbor life She says NASA 's resourceful scientists working to fix it ; loss of its photometry would be huge Urry : Yale prof has other method to find exoplanets ; we 're bound to eventually find signs of life
A pregnant prison guard was accused Tuesday of having sex with an incarcerated cop killer , according to a source close to the investigation . Federal Bureau of Prisons officer Nancy Gonzalez , 29 , was arrested on suspicion of unlawful sexual abuse on a ward , according to a federal complaint . Gonzalez had relationships in 2012 with two inmates at the Metropolitan Detention Center in Brooklyn , authorities said . The federal complaint did not mention the names of the inmates , but the source told CNN that one of them is Ronell Wilson , the presumed father . He was convicted of killing two police officers in March 2003 . In a recorded call , according to the complaint , Gonzalez told the second inmate about her pregnancy , allegedly by the other inmate : "  I took a chance because I was so vulnerable and wanted to be loved and now I am carrying his child . " The guard said she "  kind of got sucked into his world " and "  felt like , well , why not give him a child as far as giving him some kind of hope , " according to the complaint . "  People find love in the strangest places , and people get together in the most difficult circumstances , " Gonzalez 's attorney , Anthony Ricco , told CNN affiliate NY1 . "  We live in a society where these events happen . They are unusual , but they are not uncommon . " Gonzalez allegedly told colleagues she became pregnant in June 2012 , while she was having a relationship with Wilson . She is now eight months pregnant . The Long Island resident was released Tuesday afternoon on $ 150,000 bond after an initial appearance . An affidavit states that there are videotapes showing Gonzalez and the inmate spending several minutes alone together at various times . Other witnesses say they were seen "  hugging and kissing . " Gonzalez could face a maximum sentence of 15 years if convicted of the charge . "  She 's really distraught . I mean , she 's in the worst place that a woman can be eight months pregnant , " Ricco told NY1 . In March 2007 , Wilson was sentenced to death for killing the two undercover officers , James Nemorin and Rodney Andrews , on Staten Island during a gun sale . He was the first person in the city to receive the death sentence from a federal jury since 1954 . His sentence was overturned in 2010 on procedural grounds . A new jury must now determine whether Wilson receives a death sentence or life in prison .	Attorney says client distraught Federal prison guard Nancy Gonzalez , 29 , is accused of unlawful sexual abuse She allegedly had sex with inmate Ronell Wilson , who was convicted of killing two officers She was released on $ 150,000 bond and could face 15 years if convicted
CNN  -- Myanmar will allow Rohingya refugees back into the country if they can prove that they are Bengali , Thailand 's foreign ministry said . A photograph released by the Thai navy shows a group of men captured on December 12 . The agreement was reached in side talks between the Thai and Myanmese foreign ministers during the 14th ASEAN summit , a meeting of Southeast Asian nations held in Thailand over the weekend , said Thai Foreign Ministry spokesman Thairit Charungwat on Monday . Thousands of Rohingya refugees -- a Muslim minority group from Myanmar -- have fled to Thailand over the years , saying they are persecuted by Myanmar 's hard-line military government . In recent months , controversy has erupted as the Thai military has been accused of intercepting boatloads of Rohingya , sabotaging their vessels and abandoning them at sea . Thailand eventually acknowledged such actions , after initial denials . About 20,000 Rohingya migrants already live in Thailand , according to its foreign ministry , which says Thailand is being inundated . The refugees -- who lack documentation -- live on the fringes in Thailand and Myanmar . But in Myanmar , "  things like forced relocation , forced conscription , forced labor -- these things are exacerbated for the Rohginyas , " said Benjamin Zawacki of Amnesty International . "  In addition to that , they suffer from what is really systemic discrimination , systemic persecution . Things , for example , like not being able to marry outside their ethnicity , very strict restrictions on movement , the inability to work for the government , to hold jobs as civil servants . They are summarily disenfranchised . They are not able to vote . They are not even held to be citizens . " The latest group of 78 Rohingya boat people , who arrived Thailand a month ago , has been detained there . Some of the 78 have required medical treatment , after being abused by the Myanmese navy , they say . "  They will have to be sent back , according to our law , " Thailand 's Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva told CNN . "  They are entering the country illegally . " Watch CNN 's "  The Forgotten People " on Rohingyas ' escape to Thailand " Myanmar says it will take refugees back if they can prove that they are Bengali , a recognized ethnic group in Myanmar . Proof would include confirmation by relatives , a standard practice in a country that often lacks documentation . But the refugees have resisted being returned to Myanmar , saying they would be killed . "  At least this issue is being raised at international and regional level , " Charungwat said . "  Myanmar has also started to establish communication and participation on this issue , and join with ASEAN , as it is a regional issue to be solved . "	Amnesty International : Rohingyas face systemic discrimination , persecution Thailand 's PM Abhisit : "  They will have to be sent back , according to our law " Agreement reached during ASEAN summit
At least 63 people have been killed in a series of attacks by tribal militants in India 's remote northeastern state of Assam , a police official said Wednesday . The attacks by fighters from the Bodo tribe took place Tuesday , Assam Police Inspector-General S.N. Singh told CNN . The Bodo insurgents -- apparently angry over a recent police crackdown that led to several arrests and the seizure of weapons -- targeted members of another tribal community , said Khagen Sarma , the state police chief . India 's impoverished northeast region has a high concentration of extremist groups from different backgrounds with conflicting ethnic and political interests . Members of the Bodo tribe , an indigenous group , have fought for decades for political autonomy . They also have long-standing tensions with Muslim settlers in Assam . But in this case , they attacked members of another tribal community , police said . Sarma did n't provide the name of the tribespeople who were targeted , but called them "  soft targets . " He said the Bodo fighters used guns in the attacks . Authorities have ordered a curfew in areas targeted by the extremists , police said . Indian Home Minister Rajnath Singh is expected to visit Assam on Wednesday to review the situation , his spokesman K.S. Dhatwalia said . Dozens of people were killed in ethnic violence involving Bodo tribe members and Muslim migrants in 2012 . The unrest , in which villages were burned down , displaced hundreds of thousands of people .	Bodo militants target members of another tribe in Assam state , police say The attacks may have been motivated by a recent police crackdown Ethnic tensions are rife in India 's impoverished northeast
CNN  -- Reactions to Miley Cyrus at the VMAs : People are still having them ! Earlier this week , we heard what both Britney Spears and Paula Patton had to say about the performance .  Spoiler alert : They think she 's just being Miley .  But while both those stars were shrugging their shoulders , another music legend was sharpening her claws . "  I 'm not old-fashioned , " Cher told USA Today in an interview published Tuesday . "  She could have come out naked , and if she 'd just rocked the house , I would have said , ` You go , girl . ' It just was n't done well . She ca n't dance , her body looked like hell , the song was n't great , one cheek was hanging out . And , chick , do n't stick out your tongue if it 's coated . " EW : Paula Patton reacts to Miley Cyrus ' VMAs performance Ouch ! It 's one thing to slam Miley 's choice of outfit or sexually-charged behavior ; it 's quite another to question the girl 's talent itself . And coming from someone who knows a thing or two about rockin ' it while wearing revealing outfits -- not to mention clearly visible buttocks -- that comment is harsher still . EW : Britney Spears defends Miley Cyrus on ` GMA ' , plus 4 other things we learned Evidently , Cyrus is taking Cher 's burn in stride . She has n't responded to Cher 's words on social media , choosing instead to keep touting the phenomenal success of "  Wrecking Ball , " her latest single .  " # 1 on Billboard . # 1 on iTunes . # 1 on Spotify . # 1 on Streaming . # 1 on Digital songs . # 1 most added to pop radio . # 1 on VEVO , " according to Miley . And maybe it was the young star 's high-road tactics -- not to mention a barrage of criticism about her criticism -- that prompted Cher to backtrack on Twitter yesterday . "  What I should have said -LSB- is -RSB- , "  I did n't like it that much , but she 's Pushing The Envelope , being an ARTIST ! " the Oscar winner wrote . "  She 's Talented , & DIDNT COMMIT A FELONY -LSB- . -RSB- " Good points all , Cher -- though some might argue that "  flicking that tongue as deamons do " should be grounds for at least a time-out . See the original story at EW.com .	Cher says Cyrus "  come out naked , and if she 'd just rocked the house " Cher later backtracked on Twitter The singer said Cyrus is talented
CNN  -- On the surface , water polo appears an elegant pursuit played by extremely polished performers . But beneath the water line , a different storyline is playing out . Limbs bash against each other , punches and kicks are thrown , nails are used to claw at an opponent and every so often , a player inadvertently disrobes another . The thing is , like most players , Australian goal-machine Rowena Webster would n't want it any other way . "  We have a running joke that the referees probably only see about 20 % of what really happens , " Webster told CNN 's Human to Hero series . "  I guess what you can get away with is what you can get away with but there 's a lot of pulling , grabbing , bathers get ripped off . "  Anything to get that little advantage over your opponent I guess is a win . We do get our nails checked before each game to kind of limit the amount of scratches we can give to our opponents . "  That 's not to say it does n't happen , and there are a lot of kicks and holds and punches that also do go on under the water . "  We 're really friendly out of the water but as soon as we get into that pool anything is possible . " Webster thrives in this school of hard knocks and is the hot shot in front of goal for her national team , known as the Aussie Stingers . Bronze medalists at the London 2012 Olympics , they fell narrowly short of gold at the World Championships in Barcelona , losing 8-6 to host nation Spain in last weekend 's final . The 25-year-old was top scorer in Spain with 16 and was selected in the team of the tournament upon its conclusion . She has over 150 caps for her country -- a source of immense pride . "  I feel free when I play water polo , " Webster explains . "  There 's something in me that just lets go of everything , I forget about everything . "  I 'm in the moment . I love playing for Australia and I get excited every time I cap up for Australia . I just love being competitive . "  I 'm pretty stubborn . I do n't even like to lose a game of Monopoly , so winning 's always on the top of my priority list . " Not only does water polo require finesse , vision , excellent hand-eye coordination and strength , it also requires bundles of stamina . Players are only allowed to use one hand with which to catch and throw the ball and must tread water for all four quarters of the match -- over half an hour at Olympic level . To do so , they employ a technique that goes by the wonderful name of eggbeating . But what it is exactly ? "  The eggbeater is , I guess , what your mum does at home when she 's trying to whip some cream up -- we kind of have our legs going , " Webster explains . "  It 's almost like we 're pedaling , but we 're pedaling out wide , so if you imagine you 're pedaling on a bike and then just making sure it 's going out wide . "  It 's almost like you 're sitting on the toilet . You 're beating an egg with your legs . " Water polo is a game she has grown into . The Melbourne native 's own evaluation of her game in the early days is "  pretty shocking . " But her appetite for the game and determination to improve intensified after the Australian women 's team won gold at the 2000 Sydney Olympics when the nation was swept away by Games fever . By the age of 13 Webster was playing for her state , Victoria , and by 16 she was representing her country , captaining Australia to the Junior World Championships title in 2007 . Yet there is no doubt as to what she regards as the pinnacle of her career to date -- that third-placed finish at London 2012 . "  My proudest moment is 100 % being at the Olympics and winning a bronze medal , " she said . "  That 's definitely been the highlight of my career and to do it at the highest level was amazing . "  The Olympics is that pinnacle and so just to do it there , in front of a really supportive crowd was just incredible -- I get chills thinking about it now . " When in full flow , water polo can be quite a frenetic business , so Webster and her teammates have engineered unique ways of communicating during the game . "  We yell at each other . It can be a challenge to hear with the crowd and the water in your ears and we also like to point at each other , " she said . "  Then if that does n't work , we usually just splash each other ! " While obviously disappointed at missing out on gold at the World Championships , Webster was an integral part of her country 's best return since 2007 , when the Stingers also took silver . And she hopes Australia 's performance can entice more youngsters into the sport that continues to provide her with that enchanting sense of freedom . "  For the sport of women 's water polo , I hope that it gets more and more exposure , " she added . "  I truly believe it 's one of the best sports there is to play for men or women and there are such great women 's teams out there . "  I hope that a lot of females look towards those idols and say , ' I do want to play this sport and I do want to play for my country . ' "  I just hope it gets bigger and bigger and hopefully one day , it 'll be a paid sport . "	Rowena Webster is chief goalscorer for Australia 's women 's water polo team The 25-year-old has made over 150 international appearances for her country Webster was part of the team that won bronze at the London 2012 Olympics She says the sport can be rough under the water as players jostle for the ball
MANAMA , Bahrain  CNN  -- U.S. Navy snipers fatally shot three pirates holding an American cargo-ship captain hostage after seeing that one of the pirates "  had an AK-47 leveled at the captain 's back , " a military official said Sunday . Cargo ship Capt. Richard Phillips is shown aboard the USS Boxer shortly after his rescue Sunday . The captain , who 'd been held in a lifeboat in the Indian Ocean since Wednesday , was rescued uninjured , Navy Vice Adm. Bill Gortney told reporters . Capt. Richard Phillips ' ship , the Maersk Alabama , was stormed by pirates 350 miles off Somalia on Wednesday morning . He was "  resting comfortably " on the USS Boxer after his rescue Sunday night , according to the Navy . Phillips contacted his family and received a routine medical exam after his rescue at 7:19 p.m.  12:19 p.m. ET  , the Navy Central Command said . Video from aboard the Boxer showed a smiling Phillips shaking hands with Navy personnel . "  The captain is in good health . He 's showered up and in a clean set of clothes , " Gortney said in a telephone news conference from Navy Central Command in Bahrain . In Phillips ' hometown of Underhill , Vermont , Maersk spokeswoman Alison McColl said Phillips ' wife , Andrea , had spoken to her husband by phone after his rescue . "  She was laughing while she was on the phone with him , " McColl told reporters . "  She was saying his trademark sense of humor was still very much intact , and he 's in great spirits . If you guys could have seen her light up when she talked to him , it was really remarkable . " Watch spokeswoman read statement from Phillips ' family " U.S. forces moved to rescue Phillips after seeing him in imminent danger on the lifeboat , Gortney said . A fourth pirate was negotiating Phillips ' fate aboard the nearby USS Bainbridge . "  While working through the negotiations process tonight , the on-scene commander from the Bainbridge made the decision that the captain 's life was in immediate danger , and the three pirates were killed , " Gortney said . "  The pirate who surrendered earlier today is being treated humanely ; his counterparts who continued to fight paid with their lives . " The three pirates , who were armed with AK-47 rifles , were killed by shooters who were aboard the Bainbridge , Gortney said . Watch how U.S. forces believed Phillips was in danger " The on-scene commander gave the shooters approval to open fire after seeing that "  one of the pirates had an AK-47 leveled at the captain 's back , " Gortney said . Seas in the area were getting rough at the time of the rescue , Gortney said , and the Bainbridge was towing the lifeboat presumably to calmer waters with a towline about 82 feet long . A senior defense official told CNN that each pirate was shot in the head . After the shooting , special operations personnel shimmied along the tow rope to ensure the pirates were dead and freed Phillips , the official said . The official added that the pirates had become increasingly agitated over the past day , and negotiations were not going well . The fourth pirate was aboard the Bainbridge most of the day and told military negotiators that he was n't going back to the other pirates , according to a defense official with knowledge of the situation . Federal prosecutors would be "  reviewing the evidence and other issues " to determine whether that pirate would be prosecuted in the United States , Justice Department spokesman Dean Boyd said . It 's the first time in modern history that the United States has in custody a pirate who carried out an attack on a U.S. citizen , said a senior U.S. official with knowledge of the situation . The source said figuring out what to do with the pirate is a sensitive issue . Phillips ' rescue came a day after he dove into the water in an attempt to escape his captors , Gortney said . The pirates "  shot in the water at him " but eventually recaptured him , Gortney said . Maersk Line Limited President and CEO John Reinhart called Phillips "  a leader of men ... -LSB- and -RSB- a brave and courageous man . " He said he has spoken with Phillips and said the captain is "  feeling quite good . " Phillips and his family , through Reinhart , expressed gratitude to the U.S. Navy . "  I actually was more concerned for his family , " said Adm. Rick Gurnon , head of the Massachusetts Maritime Academy , where Phillips had trained . "  As a captain in sea , in a lifeboat , he was comfortable -- even if he was sharing it with Somali pirates . " Watch Massachusetts Maritime Academy celebrate rescue " Gurnon stressed that while Phillips was rescued , more than 200 mariners remain captives at sea . "  The pirates have a great business model that works for them : See ships , take ransom , make millions , " he told reporters . At the White House , President Obama issued a statement saying he is "  very pleased that Capt. Phillips has been rescued and is safely on board the USS Boxer . " "  His safety has been our principal concern , and I know this is a welcome relief to his family and his crew , " Obama 's statement said . "  We remain resolved to halt the rise of piracy in this region . " Obama had given standing orders for the military to take "  decisive action " if Phillips was in "  imminent danger , " Gortney said . Phillips offered himself as a hostage after the pirates stormed the U.S.-flagged Alabama Wednesday morning , according to Maersk . Crew members have said that after the pirates stormed the ship , they overpowered one pirate and tied him up . The crew released the pirate Wednesday , hoping to exchange him for Phillips , but the pirates instead retreated to the lifeboat with Phillips , leaving the Alabama to its crew . View a timeline of the attack and its aftermath " Maersk Alabama crew members , who guided the ship to port in Mombasa , Kenya , on Saturday , were "  jubilant " when they received word of the rescue , a statement from the company said . Gortney said the Alabama had reported being harassed by pirates the day before the pirates ' successful attack on Wednesday . When the Alabama crew made the call , "  our closest vessel from all the navies that were out there -- we have 16 navies that are patrolling those waters -- and the closest one was the USS Bainbridge , and it was over 300 nautical miles " away he said . CNN 's Zain Verjee , Barbara Starr , Kate Bolduan , Carol Cratty and Mike Mount contributed to this report .	U.S. forces killed 3 pirates after seeing captain in "  immediate danger , " Navy says American captain freed after being held hostage by pirates since Wednesday Richard Phillips "  is in good health , " Navy officer says Fourth pirate taken into custody
SPRINGFIELD , Illinois  CNN  -- Workers at the Illinois Capitol building wasted little time Thursday night changing the face of state government , shortly after Gov. Pat Quinn replaced the ousted Rod Blagojevich . A worker replaces ousted Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich 's picture with that of Pat Quinn . The Illinois Senate voted 59-0 on Thursday to remove Blagojevich from office . Moments later , the Illinois Senate voted unanimously to prevent Blagojevich from ever holding political office in the state again . After the Senate vote , the "  welcome " sign with Blagojevich 's face , which visitors saw as they entered the Capitol in Springfield , was quickly brought down . Maintenance crews arrived , first removing the gold nameplate with Blagojevich 's name . Using drills and a ladder , they then brought down the 5-foot-high sign to make the official change . Workers also removed the former governor 's official state picture positioned atop a state outline and a silhouette of Abraham Lincoln . Watch Senate 's impeachment vote " "  Was that quick enough ? " one worker said to laughter . An employee standing nearby as the picture was taken away said , "  Do we need someone to throw a shoe ? " Watch Blagojevich say he 's saddened by Senate decision " Moments later , the picture of Quinn was placed where Blagojevich 's picture used to be . Blagojevich , who was elected governor twice after terms as a U.S. representative and state lawmaker , was arrested on federal corruption charges in December . Federal authorities allege , among other things , that Blagojevich was trying to sell the Senate seat that became vacant after Barack Obama was elected president . During the impeachment trial 's closing arguments , Blagojevich appeared before the senators , saying he had done "  absolutely nothing wrong . " CNN 's Steve Brusk and Greg Morrison contributed to this report .	Workers waste little time removing images of Rod Blagojevich from state Capitol Illinois Senate voted 59-0 on Thursday to remove Blagojevich from office Blagojevich was arrested on corruption charges , continues to proclaim innocence
CNN  Two million illnesses . 23,000 deaths . According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , that 's the human toll from antibiotic-resistant "  superbugs " each year in the United States . To fight the growing problem of infections that ca n't be treated , the administration of President Barack Obama is implementing a five-year national action plan at a cost of $ 1.2 billion . Those funds , part of the President 's 2015 budget , which must still be approved by Congress , would nearly double the amount of federal money allocated to the fight . The plan calls for creating a "  one-health " approach to testing and reporting superbugs around the country , as well as establishing a DNA database of resistant bacteria . New , rapid tests to detect emerging resistant bacteria will be developed . Research for new antibiotics and vaccines will accelerate . The plan calls for two new options for people , and three for animals , by 2020 . Global surveillance and cooperation is also stressed , including a global database for animals . A key goal is to slow the growth and spread of superbugs by reducing the use of antibiotics when they are n't needed . The plan calls for a 50 % reduction in inappropriate antibiotic use in doctor 's offices and a 20 % reduction in hospital use by 2020 . "  This is a lofty goal , " said internist and Emory Associate Professor Dr. Sandra Fryhofer . "  It 's important for both patients and professionals to be on board . " There are still details to work out . "  Who determines what 's appropriate ? " asked Atlanta pediatrician Dr. Jennifer Shu . "  Are we going to have a checklist of requirements that have to be met ? I think it might be a bit tough to measure , but I think improvement can definitely happen . " A recent survey of 796 health care professionals found 63 % of the sample prescribed antibiotics when they were n't absolutely necessary , at least 10 % of the time . A top reason : the patient requested it . "  Some patients put a lot of pressure on doctors to give them an antibiotic , and they may think they 're not getting good care if they 're not given one . But that 's just not true , " said Fryhofer . "  It 's become like an insurance policy but it 's an insurance policy that does n't give good dividends . " "  I do find there is a lot of education that has to go on with patients that might expect antibiotics when their child is sick , " said Shu , "  but I think in recent years I have seen more of an awareness , and many of my patients are more hesitant to ask . " Another part of the plan pledges to eliminate the widespread use of antibiotics to boost the growth of animals raised for food . It will also phase in oversight by veterinarians for other uses of antibiotics in feed and water . While applauding the spirit of the pledge , critics say the limits are still too voluntary and limited in scope . "  The problem we have with the plan is that it only removes the growth claims from the label , " said senior analyst Steve Roach at Keep Antibiotics Working . "  What we hoped for in the plan was a commitment from FDA to identify which antibiotic uses other than growth promotion need to be changed . " "  With 80 % of the antibiotics produced in the United States being used in agriculture mostly for prevention , " said Louise Slaughter , D-New York , who has an alternate proposal in front of Congress , "  any meaningful solution to the looming antibiotic resistance crisis must begin with limits on the farm . Trusting a voluntary policy that lets industry police itself will not bring about real change . "	Antibiotic resistance is a pressing public health issue , CDC says Plan would nearly double the amount of federal monies allocated to the fight Patient use of unnecessary antibiotics will be curtailed
CNN  States struggling to define the question of marriage equality have an addition to their ranks : Alabama . A U.S. district judge struck down Alabama 's ban on same-sex marriage Friday after two Mobile women sued the state for failing to recognize the couple 's union . Cari Searcy and Kimberly McKeand were married legally in California and have been together for 15 years . But the issue of their rights as a couple came about after Searcy 's petition to adopt McKeand 's 9-year-old son was denied . Alabama 's adoption code gives a person a right to adopt a spouse 's child . But because Alabama does n't recognize their marriage , Searcy could not qualify for adoption . The couple 's lawyer , David Kennedy , said McKeand and Searcy were "  very pleased with the court 's ruling . " "  We are happy for the tens of thousands of gay Alabamians and their children , " Kennedy said . "  Justice and equality are guaranteed to everyone and we are proud to know that is true in Alabama tonight . " The state filed a motion Friday seeking to put a hold on the judge 's decision pending a ruling from the U.S. Supreme Court , effectively trying to keep couples from applying for marriage licenses in the meantime . The Supreme Court has previously refused to hear cases from states -- Indiana , Oklahoma and Wisconsin , to name a few -- seeking to keep their bans against same-sex marriage in place . But the court is expected to consider petitions from lower courts in five states where judges upheld laws banning same-sex marriage . If the ruling is upheld , Alabama would be the 37th state to authorize same-sex marriage .	A district judge rules Alabama 's ban on same-sex marriage is unconstitutional The case came from a same-sex couple seeking to legally co-parent The state has filed a motion to put the decision on hold
CNN  -- Today is my chemo anniversary . A year ago today , I started chemotherapy . Is that something you celebrate ? Is it something you even acknowledge ? I 've had mixed feelings about marking an anniversary that changed my life . Before I was diagnosed , I was in my prime . I was 34 years old and undoubtedly in the best shape of my adult life . I had met the girl of my dreams , I was being promoted at work , and I was training for an Olympic triathlon . Living a healthy lifestyle is n't something that comes easily . It 's a choice you make -- a choice I made some years ago . Growing up , I was an athlete , and sports were a big part of my life . Then , in my 20s , after moving to New York and making some unhealthy choices , I once again took control of my life and put my health first . That dying patient could have been me Being healthy defined me . Whether it was what I ate or how many times a week I exercised , it was a priority . It was time I dedicated to me , time that was spent bettering myself , both physically and mentally . And almost overnight , it was taken from me . I had cancer . Being diagnosed was a big shock , not only for me but for those around me . If it could happen to me , someone who took their health so seriously , it could happen to anyone . While training for the triathlon , I was plagued with a lot of injuries that no one could really figure out . It was n't until I requested a CT scan on the advice of a friend that anything was detected . When the results from the scan came back , my doctor said it could be lymphoma or some type of infection . I prayed for the latter , but at that moment , I knew it was much more serious . Diabetes took my teeth but not my life As an athlete , you know your body well , and something just did n't feel right . I had dealt with injuries before , but not like this . I met with a stomach specialist who told me it was most likely lymphoma , and the next step was a biopsy . I met with my oncologist , but it was n't until we got the biopsy results that I was finally diagnosed . I did not have lymphoma but testicular cancer , and it was spreading fast . I remember thinking cancer would n't affect me too much , that I 'd just have to stop every month for a week for what I called "  a little chemo . " I was wrong . Nothing I read and nothing I was told could have prepared me for what was to come . Chemo is essentially poison that kills the all the bad things in your body ; the good things are collateral damage . Why I gave up soda I was n't prepared to feel winded after climbing a set of stairs when running 5 miles had been nothing for me . I was n't ready for how my hair would one day just fall from my head as if it was n't mine . I was n't ready for the debilitating nausea that could render me helpless . Everything I had worked so hard for was slowly slipping away . I was being attacked from the inside , and I could n't control it . What I was first told would be a three - to four-month ordeal turned into a year . Four rounds of chemo and two abdominal surgeries later , I 'm in the clear and could n't be happier . Ultimately , what it all came down to was that the healthy lifestyle I had chosen aided my recovery . My strength allowed me to recover faster . Just six months after my first surgery , I 'm training for a triathlon . So now , I start from the beginning . I 'm ready to live again . I 'm ready to be healthy again . My second surgery is only eight weeks behind me , and my workouts have begun . They 're light , but I 'm moving in the right direction . This will be no easy feat , but I know I 'll get there . I ca n't let cancer win . If I do n't get back to the best shape of my life , I 've let cancer off the hook . I intend to take back from it , what it took from me . I intend to cross that finish line in September . Celebrating small victories	Jamil Nathoo was diagnosed with testicular cancer while training for an Olympic triathlon Nathoo is now in remission and training with CNN Fit Nation Follow Jamil 's triathlon journey on Twitter @TriHardJamil
CNN  -- Thousands of people were protesting Tuesday outside the Romanian Parliament against an unpopular austerity plan presented by the government , the Romanian Interior Ministry said . Organizers and local police said there were about 5,000 people in front of Parliament . Romanian national police told CNN the crowd burned effigies of government ministers and that a crew of firemen had to put out the fire . Some 1,000 Romanian policemen were trying to keep the protesters from entering the building , the ministry said . The center-right Romanian government survived a confidence vote Tuesday in relation to the austerity measures by 8 votes , the Agerpress national news agency reported . CNN 's Laura Perez-Maestro in London , England , contributed to this report .	About 5,000 protesters burned effigies outside parliament in Bucharest Protesters demonstrating against planned government budget cuts 1,000 Romanian policemen tried to stop the crowds entering the building
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Britain 's Prince Charles has converted his 38-year-old Aston Martin to run on biofuel made from surplus wine , his office revealed Tuesday . Prince Charles with Camilla , Duchess of Cornwall , on a visit to a whiskey distillery in Northern Ireland last month . The car was a 21st birthday present from Queen Elizabeth , and the prince has converted it to run on 100 percent bioethanol as a way to reduce his carbon emissions , his office , Clarence House , said . The prince has also converted his other cars -- several Jaguars , an Audi and a Range Rover -- to run on 100 percent biodiesel fuel made from used cooking oil , his office added . Details of the prince 's biofuel use were made public Monday in his household 's 2008 Annual Review , which details the prince 's income and activities over the past year . The report says Charles and his household reduced their carbon footprint by 18 percent last year after switching to green electricity supplies and reducing their travel-related emissions . Charles , 59 , has a strong interest in environmental issues and rural affairs . He is active in environmental charities , and his food company , Duchy Originals , uses ingredients produced at his organic farm in Cornwall , southwestern England . The biofuels are converted and provided by Green Fuels Limited , a British company that previously provided biodiesel to power the royal train , Clarence House said . The wine used for the bioethanol comes from current vintage that remains after English wine producers reach the EU limit for annual wine production , a spokesman for Green Fuels said . The prince uses wine from a vineyard close to his Highgrove Estate , the spokesman said .	Prince Charles ' office reveals his car runs on biofuel made from surplus wine Prince converted other cars to run on biodiesel fuel made from used cooking oil Report says prince 's household cut carbon footprint by 18 percent last year The prince renown for strong interest in environmental issues and rural affairs
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Insane Clown Posse and four fans are suing the FBI for designating the rap duo 's followers as gang members . FBI analysts , using law enforcement and media reports of crimes committed by people wearing "  Juggalo " tattoos and clothing , concluded in the 2011 National Gang Threat Assessment that they are a "  loosely organized hybrid gang . " "  Juggalos are a ` family ' of people who love and help one another , enjoy one another 's company , and bond over the music and a philosophy of life , " said the lawsuit filed in Detroit Wednesday . "  Organized crime is by no means part of the Juggalo culture . " The gang designation violates fans ' constitutional rights , including free speech , freedom of association and the right to due process , the complaint argues . People with "  Juggalo " tattoos and clothing have been illegally targeted by police and denied jobs because of the FBI 's gang designation , the complaint contends . "  Among the supporters of almost any group -- whether it be a band , sports team , university , political organization or religion -- there will be some people who violate the law . Inevitably , some will do so while sporting the group 's logos or symbols , " the filing said . "  However , it is wrong to designate the entire group of supporters as a criminal gang based on the acts of a few . Unfortunately , that is exactly what happened here . " The group has been battling with the FBI in court since 2012 for the release of any information the analysts used to make their determination . Most of the documents released were online news stories detailing robberies and violence in which "  Juggalos " were suspects . The Insane Clown Posse lawsuit claims that its followers identify with their songs , which "  have hopeful , life-affirming themes about the wonders of life and the support that Juggalos give to one another . " Insane Clown Posse : Hate us , do n't hate the fans "  Many people view Juggalos as nonconformists because of their musical tastes , their practice of painting their faces to look like clowns , and the distinctive Juggalo symbols -- including the ` hatchetman ' logo -- that they often display on their clothing , jewelry , body art and bumper stickers , " the suit said . "  Yet when Juggalos come together at concerts or their annual week-long gathering every summer , they know that they are in a community where all people are equal and where they will be accepted and respected for who they are . " The wide distribution of the gang report to law enforcement agencies around the United States "  has caused real harm to ordinary Juggalos from coast to coast . " The four fans who joined the lawsuit -- from Nevada , California , North Carolina and Iowa -- include a truck company owner who said he was detained by a state trooper in Tennessee because he was driving a truck with a "  Juggalo " symbol on its side . Another man has been repeatedly stopped and questioned by California police because of his visible "  Juggalo " tattoos , the suit said . A third fan was told by an Army recruiter that he could not join the military because of his "  Juggalo " tattoo , it said . He was denied entry into the Army even after they were removed , the lawsuit said . The fourth plaintiff is an active-duty soldier with "  Juggalo " tattoos . The gang designation "  places him in imminent danger of suffering discipline or an involuntary discharge from the Army , " the lawsuit said . A Royal Oak , Michigan , theater canceled an Insane Clown Posse concert -- known as "  Hallowicked " -- at the request of police , the suit said . The U.S. Justice Department has not yet filed a response to the lawsuit . "  We do n't comment on pending litigation , " FBI spokeswoman Jenny Shearer said when contacted by CNN . "  We 're aware of the lawsuit , " said Justice Department spokesman Wyn Hornbuckle . "  We 'll decline to comment . " CNN 's Suzanne Presto and Carolyn Sung contributed to this report .	"  Juggalos are a ` family ' of people who love and help one another , " suit says FBI analyst concluded in 2011 Insane Clown Posse fans are a "  loosely-organized hybrid gang " Gang designation violates free speech , free association and due process rights , suit says Every large group includes "  a relative handful engaged in criminal activity , " suit contends
CNN  -- Sergio Garcia , a 36-year-old undocumented immigrant in California , has held two lifelong dreams : to become a U.S. citizen and to practice law . He 's been waiting 19 years for a visa still stuck in a backlog , but the California Supreme Court ensured this week that his second dream will become a reality . Garcia can be admitted to California 's state bar and legally practice as a lawyer there , the court ruled . "  I 'm super excited to finally be able to fulfill one of my dreams , " Garcia told CNN Friday . Court : Undocumented immigrant can be lawyer But the case raises many questions , particularly among those who have been critical of Garcia 's efforts to practice law . They question how someone who is in the country without legal status can be licensed to uphold the law as an attorney . Garcia says that this an easy initial response to make but that looking at the details of his case , it is not so clear-cut . He was brought to the United States as a minor and has been in line for 19 years for a green card . If anyone feels frustrated the the situation , they should address it with the federal government , Garcia said . It 's the immigration system that 's broken , he said . Garcia was born in Mexico in 1977 and taken to California by his parents when he was 17 months old , according to court documents . He remained there until 1986 , when he and his parents returned to Mexico . Eight years later , at age 17 , Garcia again returned to California with his parents and without documentation , though his father had obtained permanent resident status in the United States . That year , Garcia 's father filed an immigration visa petition on his son 's behalf , which federal immigration officials accepted in 1995 . The visa still has not been granted , even though Garcia has lived in the state since 1994 . California 's Supreme Court ruled Thursday  PDF  that no state law or public policy should stop Garcia or others like him from obtaining a law license in the state . Asked why he did n't choose a different career or pursue other opportunities , Garcia said law was his singular focus . "  I was n't smart and put all my eggs into one basket , " he said . "  This whole idea of being an attorney was the only idea I had going , so 20 years of working on that dream , I could n't really afford to give up on it . " "  That , and I 'm a little bit stubborn , anyway , " Garcia added . Now that he has a law license , however , one thing that Garcia will not specialize in is immigration law . "  Oh , no , that 's just too messed up , " he said . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet and Tom Watkins contributed to this report .	A California court rules that Sergio Garcia can practice law Garcia is an undocumented immigrant He says the ruling is a dream come true But he wo n't practice immigration law , he says
CNN  -- Technology keeps bringing us closer to a world where people can communicate freely across language barriers . Google on Tuesday announced that its e-mail service , Gmail , soon will include an "  automatic translation " feature for all users . "  The next time you receive a message in a language other than your own , just click on Translate message in the header at the top of the message , " the company writes in a blog post , "  and it will be instantly translated into your language . " The update will roll out in the next few days . The announcement comes on the heels of another language-related news blip from the Mountain View , California , company . Google said last week that its Google Translate service -- which changes text from one language to another -- handles as much translation work in a day as human translators could manage in a year . "  In a given day we translate roughly as much text as you 'd find in 1 million books , " the company said . That is , of course , pretty incredible . But all of this translation talk is also generating discussion about the weaknesses of current computer-translation technology . Writing for The Atlantic , anthropologist Sarah Kendzior bemoans the fact that so many languages are n't represented by Google . "  Since its inception in 2006 , Google has added 65 languages from areas extending across much of the world , though two exceptions stand out : Central Asia and sub-Saharan Africa , " she writes . "  No languages from Central Asia -- such as Pashto , Usbek , and Uyghur -- make the Google cut . Neither do the African languages Hausa , Yoruba , or Zulu . The sole inclusions from sub-Saharan Africa are Swahili and Afrikaans . " Furthermore , accuracy is always a nagging and unavoidable topic of discussion when it comes to Internet translation services . Like many people , I use Google Translate as a starting point for translation , but do n't necessarily trust that it will get everything right . It 's great for getting the gist of a news story that 's published in Japanese or Finnish , but if I need to write a formal letter to someone in one of those languages , I 'd get human help . Google acknowledges as much on a Web page about Translate : "  When Google Translate generates a translation , it looks for patterns in hundreds of millions of documents to help decide on the best translation for you . By detecting patterns in documents that have already been translated by human translators , Google Translate can make intelligent guesses as to what an appropriate translation should be . "  This process of seeking patterns in large amounts of text is called ` statistical machine translation . ' Since the translations are generated by machines , not all translation will be perfect . The more human-translated documents that Google Translate can analyze in a specific language , the better the translation quality will be . This is why translation accuracy will sometimes vary across languages . " As for its auto-translation e-mail service , Google says this will be a jump forward for an increasingly globalized workforce . And if you speak other languages fluently , you can notify Google so translations in those languages wo n't show up automatically . Google just "  graduated " the feature from its Gmail Labs , a sort of sandbox for innovative features the company makes available to users on an a la carte basis . The change this week is that auto-translation now will automatically show up as a feature for everyone on Gmail . "  We heard immediately from Google Apps for Business users that this was a killer feature for working with local teams across the world , " the company says . "  Some people just wanted to easily read newsletters from abroad . Another person wrote in telling us how he set up his mom 's Gmail to translate everything into her native language , thus saving countless explanatory phone calls  he thanked us profusely  . I continue to use it to participate in discussions with the global Google offices I often visit . " Here 's how Franz Och , a distinguished research scientist at Google , sees the present state and future of machine translation online . He wrote this blurb on the sixth anniversary of Google Translate , which recently passed : "  We imagine a future where anyone in the world can consume and share any information , no matter what language it 's in , and no matter where it pops up . We already provide translation for Web pages on the fly as you browse in Chrome , text in mobile photos , YouTube video captions , and speech-to-speech ` conversation mode ' on smartphones . We want to knock down the language barrier wherever it trips people up , and we ca n't wait to see what the next six years will bring . "	Gmail adds a feature that can translate emails between languages The update is rolling out in coming days Users can turn off the feature if they speak other languages
CNN  -- The U.S. is keeping close watch on the case of an American relief worker jailed in Haiti under suspicion of kidnapping a 15-month-old boy , the State Department said Friday , but it remains unclear whether the U.S. is working for Paul Waggoner 's release . "  We have monitored his court appearances and continue to track the case closely , " said P.J. Crowley , spokesman for the State Department . A Haitian judge concluded after a hearing Wednesday that sufficient evidence exists to hold Waggoner while investigators evaluate a man 's complaint that the American kidnapped his critically ill son from a hospital , according to Jon Piechowski , a spokesman for the U.S. Embassy in Haiti . Waggoner is the co-founder of Materials Management Relief Corps , a humanitarian organization that seeks to provide logistical support to medical workers in Haiti , where a major earthquake caused extensive damage in January . Waggoner was working at the Haitian Community Hospital in Petionville in February when a Haitian man sought treatment for his 15-month-old son . Accounts differ as to what happened next , but the father believes the child survived and that Waggoner kidnapped him , Piechowski said . Waggoner 's supporters , including two physicians , have said the child died , and his body was cremated because the father would not claim the remains . Dr. Kenneth Adams , a volunteer physician on staff at the Haitian Community Hospital , said he was present when the child 's father returned to see his son and "  witnessed as the father looked at the baby for several minutes , waiting for the baby to breathe . " The man took pictures with the deceased baby before he left , Adams said . The father filed a complaint against Waggoner in March . Piechowski said Waggoner left Haiti without answering the accusations and was arrested December 12 after returning to the country . Repeated efforts to contact Haitian government officials were unsuccessful Friday . One account provided by supporters say the father handed Waggoner the child at the hospital . Another says Waggoner may have transported the child to the hospital . Regardless , Waggoner had nothing to do with the child 's care , according to his supporters . "  I was there through the whole thing , and what kills me is that Paul basically had nothing to do with the whole situation , " said Jeff Quinlan , who said he was working as director of security at the hospital when the child arrived . Quinlan said he told the father that the boy had died and instructed him to return within 24 hours to take the body . But he said the father instead returned with a "  witch doctor " claiming the child was still alive . Quinlan and Waggoner 's organization said a doctor who treated the boy has signed an affidavit confirming that the child died , saying that the father had viewed the body and that he had declined to claim the remains because he did not have resources to bury the child . Quinlan said he believes Haitian authorities are trying to extort money from Waggoner , who is being held in the National Penitentiary in Port-au-Prince . Waggoner 's sister said she is concerned for his well-being . "  The cells are made for about 10 people , and an average of 70 per cell is the current population , " Randi Waggoner Lightner said . "  There is nowhere for them to sleep ; they do n't get baths ; water is unsafe if existent . " The State Department has maintained contact with Waggoner 's family , Crowley said , and has "  kept his family fully informed . " In February , 10 U.S. missionaries were charged with kidnapping over accusations that they tried to take 33 children out of the country without their parents ' approval . Ultimately , all were released and have since returned to the United States . CNN 's Danielle Dellorto , Salma Abdelaziz and Umaro Djau contributed to this report .	NEW : Doctor says child 's father waited for baby to breathe American Paul Waggoner is accused of kidnapping of 15-month-old boy in February Waggoner remains jailed during investigation He is co-founder of a humanitarian group that assists medical teams in Haiti
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  -- Egypt 's government is considering financial offers made by imprisoned members of former President Hosni Mubarak 's regime to resolve cases of corruption and illegal profiteering brought against them , the Egyptian finance minister said this week . If the proposed deals are accepted , the prisoners -- including steel tycoon Ahmed Ezz , former tourism minister Zoheir Garana and former housing minister Ahmed Maghraby -- would be freed without penalties or trials . Ezz was sentenced to 10 years in prison in September for corruption and fined the equivalent of about $ 11 million . Garana 's lawyers have appealed his five-year prison sentence on corruption and embezzlement charges based on the country 's amended investment law . Maghraby was sentenced to five years in prison in May for an illegal land deal . The Supreme Council of the Armed Forces , Egypt 's ruling military council , amended the country 's investment law on January 3 , 2012 , two weeks before the first session of parliament . The amendment allows the suspects in graft , embezzlement and corruption cases to pay back the amount of illegal finances noted in the case at the time the crime was committed using assets , real estate , cash , or land as a way of reconciliation in return for dropping the charges . The government is working to locate and retrieve money obtained and "  smuggled " abroad illegally by officials including Mubarak , his sons and former members of his regime , as well as quantify it , Finance Minister Mumtaz Al Saeed said in a news conference . "  We are pursing the money through judicial channels and by governmental efforts as we have requested from many countries the retrieval of funds , but these issues take time and legal procedures must be followed , " he said . The United Arab Emirates and Switzerland are two of the countries that have received the money , according to Al Saeed . Prime Minister Kamal Al Ganzoury leads a committee in charge of retrieving the money , believed to be in the billions . The government has not accepted the offers made by the former Mubarak officials , and the issue is still being studied by the government , Al Saeed said after meeting with Al Ganzoury . The amendment to the investment law infuriated the Egyptian people , including lawyers and Islamists dominating the parliament . Khaled Abu Bakr , a civil rights lawyer , was among several attorneys submitting a memo to Egypt 's general prosecutor and the parliament calling for a review of the law . "  I am totally against this law issued by a military decree days before parliament is convened and I have officially requested an immediate freeze to the negotiations , " Abu Bakr told CNN . "  If the government accepts then the suspect is immediately freed with no trial or penalties . " Both the Muslim Brotherhood 's Freedom and Justice Party and the Salafi-led Nour Party , which holds a majority of parliament seats , also issued statements opposing the release of former Mubarak officials under the amendment . Activist Hala Mahmoud considers the law a farce and accuses the ruling Supreme Council of orchestrating new laws to their benefit . "  I am sure members of the ruling council have mutual interests with those thieves behind bars , so they came up with this decree that defies the constitution to save themselves , " Mahmoud said . "  If it passes , then why do n't they allow drug dealers to do the same ? How is that different ? "	An amended law would allow imprisoned regime members to make restitution The former officials would then be released without trial or penalty The law has caused controversy in Egypt
CNN  -- A drunk passenger tried to hijack a Turkish Airlines flight to Russia on Wednesday before he was brought under control , the head of Turkey 's civil aviation authority said . The Turkish Airlines passenger jet was en route from Turkey to Russia when the incident took place . The plane landed safely and on time Wednesday afternoon in St. Petersburg . Russian authorities promptly arrested a "  slightly intoxicated " passenger from Uzbekistan , Russia 's Interfax News Agency reported , citing a national police spokesman . The suspect , in his early 50s , was arrested on suspicion of trying to hijack the plane , Interfax reported . Turkish media initially reported that the plane had been hijacked . When asked about those reports , a Turkish Airlines spokesman said the flight experienced an "  urgent situation " as it headed to St. Petersburg , without offering further details . Interfax said the flight was carrying 164 Russian nationals . There have been several attempts to hijack Turkish airlines in recent years . In August 2007 , two men hijacked an Istanbul-bound Atlasjet Airlines flight with 136 passengers and crew on board from Cyprus , claiming to have a bomb on board the flight . They forced the crew to make an emergency landing in Antalya . Both hijackers eventually surrendered to Turkish authorities . In April 2007 , Turkish authorities detained a man they believed tried to hijack a Turkish airliner , possibly to Iran . The suspect , Mehmed Goksin Gol , was not armed and all 178 passengers and crew aboard the Pegasus Airlines flight were unharmed . The flight was heading from southeastern Turkish city of Diyarbakir to Istanbul , but landed at Ankara 's airport , where the suspect was detained . In October 2006 , a Turkish man hijacked a Turkish jetliner with 113 people aboard en route from the Albanian capital Tirana for Istanbul . He forced it to fly to a military airfield in Brindisi , Italy , where the passengers and crew were released unharmed . CNN 's Maxim Tkachenko in Moscow and Nicky Robertson in Atlanta contributed to this report	Incident on flight between Antalya , Turkey and St Petersburg , Russia Turkish Airlines : Drunk man tried to hijack passenger plane Officials : Man brought under control , airline experienced "  urgent situation " NEW : Interfax : Flight arrives at St. Petersburg , police arrest Uzbek man in his 50s
