CNN  -- The indefatigable Thomas Voeckler gave home fans a boost by winning the 10th stage of the Tour de France in Bellegarde-sur-Valserine Wednesday . Britain 's Bradley Wiggins comfortably repulsed a series of challenges to hold on to the race leader 's yellow jersey , but few will begrudge Voeckler his moment of glory . The Europcar rider finished a battling fourth on last year 's Tour , but has suffered a series of setbacks in the build up to this year 's race and nearly did not start . His misfortunes did not end there as he was caught in a series of crashes in the first week and also injured his knee . But all that was forgotten as he burst clear of a small breakaway group and held on to win by three seconds from Michele Scarponi  Lampre-ISD  , with veteran Jens Voigt  RadioShack-Nissan  in third . It was Voeckler 's third Tour stage success , having spent 10 days in yellow in the 2011 edition of cycling 's most famous race . He showed all his familiar fighting qualities in the battle to the line and admitted he believed he would be caught . "  I was going so slow and kept looking back . I did n't believe I could win until about five meters from the finish line , " he told ITV Sport . After Tuesday 's rest day , Wiggins had to be on his guard as he protected a lead of one minute 53 seconds over last year 's winner Cadel Evans , with his Team Sky teammate Chris Froome in third place at two minutes and seven seconds . The 194.5-km route from Macon featured the first hors categorie  beyond category  ascent of the 17.4 km Col du Grand Colombier , but Wiggins covered every significant move . Fourth-placed Italian Vincenzo Nibali  Liquigas  attacked on the descent of the Grand Colombier , but "  I did n't panic when he attacked , " Wiggins told ITV Sport . "  He 's over two minutes behind me and I knew he 'd have to be really strong in the valley if he was to stay away . " Evans made a final attempt to make up a few seconds on the uphill drag to the finish line , but it was to no avail . Wiggins stamped his authority on the race with victory in Monday 's time trial , opening up big gaps over his major challengers . He would be the first Briton to win the Tour de France . Thursday 's 11th stage is over 148km Albertville to La Toussuire and features more two hors categorie climbs and ends with an 18km category one ascent to the finish .	Thomas Voeckler wins 10th stage of the Tour de France French star also takes over the King of the Mountain 's jersey Britain 's Bradley Wiggins stays in the race leader 's yellow jersey He is nearly two minutes clear of defending champion Cadel Evans
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  At least seven Yemeni soldiers were killed and nine others wounded after suicide car bomb attacks on a military base in the city of Seyoun in southern Yemen on Tuesday . Two car bombs detonated at the military headquarters in Hadramout province in the northeast of the country , Yemeni intelligence officials told CNN . Ansar al Sharia , an al Qaeda affiliate , claimed responsibility for the attack . "  The first vehicle targeted the main gate of the compound and the second targeted the building inside , " it said in a statement . Medical officials said the death toll could rise . "  A number of the injured are in critical condition , " a medic at Seyoun General Hospital said . "  Some of the injured were not close to the explosions but it was a powerful attack . "	Ansar al Sharia , an al Qaeda affiliate , claimed responsibility Medical officials said the death toll could rise
CNN  -- Security forces raided a northern Syrian city amid explosions and gunfire early Thursday and casualties have been reported , activists said . The forces clashed with gunmen believed to be dissidents in the city of Binnish in Idlib province , according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights . The Local Coordination Committees of Syria , another activist group , said 14 people had been killed , including 12 in Binnish and one each in Homs and Daraa . Among those dead are at least two young children , the group said . "  Syrian military forces supported by tanks and armored personnel carriers stormed the city early this morning , " Syrian Observatory said . "  Heavy machine guns and shelling have been heard around the city . " The group said some houses were damaged and casualties have been reported . Explosions rang out as forces pounded the city , according to the group , which said military forces also stormed the village of Taoum east of Binnish . Oudai Al Sayed , an opposition activist , said he fled the town through olive groves to escape a Syrian military attack . He said he saw 30 tanks and an armored personnel carrier enter the town . Standing on a rooftop in a nearby town , al Sayed said he saw smoke rising from Binnish . He said a couple of months ago , military defectors took shelter in Binnish . He said some of the defectors are fighting Syrian troops . The LCC said security forces made arrests in Binnish and Banias . Security forces also raided Al-Qusor in Homs province and arrested 19 people , the Syrian Observatory said . The LCC said pro-government militia members and security forces burned down the houses of an activist 's relatives in Homs after they failed to find and arrest him . They also kidnapped members of a family . CNN can not independently confirm events in Syria , which restricts international journalists from accessing many parts of the country . Protests in Syria erupted seven months ago , with demonstrators demanding an end to President Bashar al-Assad 's regime , as well as democratic elections . Al-Assad has been in power since 2000 . His father , Hafez al-Assad , ruled Syria for three decades until his death that year . The Syrian Observatory estimates that more than 3,100 people have died since the uprising began in mid-March . The death toll includes about 2,400 civilians , the group says . Opposition activists have accused officials of killing protesters , but the government has said it is going after armed groups .	NEW : At least 14 people have been killed , an activist group says Security forces clash with gunmen believed to be dissidents Protests in Syria erupted seven months ago
CNN  -- Tens of millions of online note-takers found themselves worrying about their security Monday , as questions remained about a weekend hack of Evernote . The online note-taking and archiving service began requiring its 50 million users to reset their passwords Saturday after announcing it was the victim of a security breach , making it the latest tech company in recent weeks to fall victim to hackers . In a blog post , the California-based company said its security team "  has discovered and blocked suspicious activity on the Evernote network that appears to have been a coordinated attempt to access secure areas of the Evernote Service . " The company said no user content or financial information was accessed . But the hackers were able to access user information , including user names , e-mail addresses and encrypted passwords . Evernote said the encryption coding they use to protect passwords is "  robust , " but still sent the password warning to users of the service , which is popular among college students and others who rely on taking notes for later use . Sophos Security analyst Graham Cluley said in a blog post that it remains unclear how long the hackers had access to Evernote and how they managed to get in . "  What 's not good news , " he wrote , "  is that the hackers now have access to the usernames and email addresses of Evernote customers . It is easy to imagine how this information could be abused -- for instance , the hackers could send out spam emails to those users claiming to come from Evernote , and trick them into visiting a malicious website . "  And , of course , it 's another cautionary tale about the risks which can exist with trusting the cloud to look after your personal information . " Like many services , Evernote stores data on remote servers instead of the user 's computer . This allows them to be accessed from multiple computers and other devices . Evernote warned users of the possibilities Cluley noted . He argued that their message -- warning users not to click phony security e-mails while sending out a security e-mail of their own -- could confuse users . Complicating matters is that the legitimate Evernote e-mail pushes users first to a website with the domain name "  mkt5371 " before taking them to Evernote itself . Cluley wrote that this is a service Evernote is likely using to track how many of its users changed their passwords and says not to worry . "  That 's a technique commonly used in a normal marketing email communications , but looks very out of place in an email about a security breach which tries to hammer home the point to ` Never click on reset-password requests in emails , " he said . Last week , customer support tool Zendesk announced it was hacked , with the breach exposing the e-mail addresses of users of three other websites -- Tumblr , Pinterest , and Twitter , all of which use Zendesk . Microsoft , Apple , and Facebook last month said they were the victim of hackers , and Twitter said in January that it , too , was hacked . Reports that surfaced last week suggested that a gang of hackers based in Eastern Europe was behind at least some of the attacks , using a website frequented by developers who use Apple 's mobile operating system to worm their way into companies where they hoped to steal valuable information . Evernote launched in 2008 as a way to archive images , documents , notes and other data online . A version for businesses is available in more than 30 countries . CNN 's Melissa Gray contributed to this report .	Tens of millions changing passwords after Evernote was hacked Popular note-taking tool says no user content , financial info was accessed Evernote joins Apple , Microsoft , Twitter , Facebook and others in recent hacks Still no word Monday on how long hackers had access
Ukrainian Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk signed the political elements of a trade pact with the European Union on Friday , even as Russian lawmakers finalized annexation of Ukraine 's Crimea region . The signing in Brussels signals Europe 's solidarity with Ukraine -- and carries additional symbolic force because it was the decision by Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych in November to ditch the trade pact in favor of closer ties with Russia that triggered the protests that led to his ouster in February and spiraled into the current crisis . It also comes a day after the European Union and the United States slapped sanctions on Russian lawmakers and businessmen ; Russia responded with its own list of sanctions against a number of U.S. lawmakers and officials . In another sign of defiance , Russian President Vladimir Putin , flanked by the speakers of both houses of Parliament , signed a treaty Friday finalizing the accession to Russia of the Crimea region and its port city of Sevastopol . The upper house unanimously approved ratification of the treaty a day after Russia 's lower house of Parliament , the State Duma , passed it by an overwhelming margin . The political crisis has been the biggest blow to Russia 's relations with the West since the Cold War . In a sign that Western sanctions are already weighing on Russian authorities , Finance Minister Anton Siluanov said Friday in Moscow that the government will have to pay more to borrow money , state news agency ITAR-Tass said . Russia "  will look at our oil and gas revenues . If the situation is like it is now , we will probably have to give up external borrowings and cut domestic ones , " Siluanov said . Yatsenyuk : EU speaking in one voice Moscow has doggedly pursued its own course even as Western leaders have denounced its actions as violations of Ukraine 's sovereignty and a breach of international law . Though Russia insists that its actions are legitimate , Ukraine 's interim government has said Kiev will never stop fighting for Crimea . Human Rights Watch said in a statement Friday that it has concluded that the international law of occupation applies to Russian forces in Crimea . "  The occupying party is ultimately responsible for violations of international law committed by local authorities or proxy forces , " it said . While in Brussels , Yatsenyuk held talks with European Council President Herman Van Rompuy and European Commission chief Jose Manuel Barroso . He said Russia 's ratification of the treaty annexing Crimea is less important than the EU trade pact he has signed with EU leaders . "  Frankly speaking , I do n't care about Russia signing this deal ; I care about Ukraine , Ukrainians and our European future , " he said . "  This deal covers more existential and most important issues , mainly security and defense cooperation . " Yatsenyuk said the European Union would "  speak in one single and strong voice " to protect its values and defend Ukraine 's territorial integrity . Van Rompuy said the deal "  shows our steadfast support for the course the people of Ukraine have courageously pursued . " EU travel bans , asset freezes The European Union confirmed details of the sanctions against 12 Russian officials agreed to late Thursday at the EU Heads of State or Government summit . Those targeted with travel bans and asset freezes include Russian Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Rogozin , as well as the chairwoman of the Russian upper house , Valentina Matvienko , and two Putin advisers . "  Sanctions are not a question of retaliation ; they are a foreign policy tool , " Van Rompuy said . "  Our goal is to stop Russian action against Ukraine , to restore Ukraine 's sovereignty , and to achieve this , we need a negotiated solution . " He said the European Union expected soon to finalize approval of the remaining parts of the deal , particularly its economic provisions . British Prime Minister David Cameron said the European Commission will draw up further sanctions -- in finance , military and energy -- for use if the situation escalates . "  Europe is , I think , 25 % or so reliant on Russian gas , " he said . "  But if you look at Gazprom 's revenues , something like 50 % of them come from Europe . So , you know , Russia needs Europe more than Europe needs Russia . " Cameron said the measures agreed to in Brussels will carry a cost for Crimea , whose goods would face heavy penalties and tariffs in Europe if they are shipped through Russia , not Ukraine . EU leaders want to see an international observer mission in Crimea , preferably under the aegis of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe but , if not , sent by the European Union , Cameron said . Ban : ` Deeply concerned ' A day after speaking with Putin in Moscow , U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon met Friday in Kiev with acting President Oleksandr Turchynov , then told reporters he was "  very deeply concerned " by the tensions in parts of Ukraine and between Kiev and Moscow . "  These are some of the most traumatic and difficult times in the history of Ukraine , " he said . Ban urged a peaceful , diplomatic resolution to the crisis and said all parties should refrain from inflammatory actions and rhetoric . U.N. Assistant Secretary-General for Human Rights Ivan Simonovic arrived Friday in Crimea for a two-day visit aimed at laying the groundwork for a U.N. human rights monitoring mission , the United Nations said . He and a team were to meet with Crimean leaders , the head of the Crimean Tatar minority and others , including the families of Ukrainian servicemen , the United Nations said . The United Nations and other organizations stand ready to assist with the country 's elections , slated to be held May 25 , Ban said . While in Kiev , he was also planning to meet with Yatsenyuk and other ministers and lawmakers . In another sign of solidarity with Ukraine , France is offering to strengthen a NATO air-policing mission in the Baltic area by sending four jets , a Defense Ministry spokesman said Friday . The offer , accepted by the Baltic states , was extended Friday as French Defense Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian traveled to Lithuania , Estonia and Poland , said Sacha Mandel , the minister 's communication adviser . His trip followed a visit to the Baltics this week by Vice President Joe Biden . Putin 's inner circle The U.S. sanctions announced Thursday target 20 people seen as close to Putin , as well as a bank , Rossiya , believed to serve the President and senior Russian officials . Putin rejected the putative link . "  I personally did n't have an account there , but I 'll definitely open it on Monday , " he said Friday , according to the Kremlin . The individuals named by the U.S. Treasury include Putin allies in the Kremlin and in business . Among the 16 government officials are Putin 's chief of staff , Sergei Ivanov ; the speaker of the State Duma , Sergey Naryshkin ; and Viktor Ozerov , chairman of the Security and Defense Committee of the Russian Parliament 's upper house . Four others were named as members of the government 's inner circle . They are financier Yuri Kovalchuk , labeled Putin 's personal banker by a senior U.S. administration official ; magnate Gennady Timchenko , whose activities in the energy sector have been directly linked to Putin , according to the Treasury ; and businessmen Arkady and Boris Rotenberg . Washington aid In Washington , the House Foreign Affairs Committee introduced a bill Friday that provides aid to Ukraine . "  The United States must stand with the people of Ukraine in the wake of Russia 's attack on and occupation of Crimea , " said ranking member Eliot Engel , D-New York , in a statement . "  It sends a clear message to President Putin and his corrupt cronies that we will not tolerate Russian aggression . " The House had passed a loan-guarantee bill and a non-binding resolution calling for sanctions , but Friday 's legislation proposes statutory language to put those sanctions into law . President Barack Obama is to meet next week with other leaders of the so-called G7 group of industrialized nations , on the sidelines of a nuclear summit in the Netherlands . Russia has been excluded from the talks . Obama signed an executive order that authorizes further sanctions on key sectors of the Russian economy if Moscow does not act to deescalate the situation . Sanctions affect Russian markets Washington had already announced sanctions Monday on 11 individuals ; the European Union had imposed travel bans and asset freezes on 21 people . Swedish Foreign Minister Carl Bildt told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour that the new round of U.S. sanctions would be "  significantly more powerful than the first one . " The latest round "  hits significant economic interests that are fairly close to the ruling circles in Moscow , " he said . "  It will be noticed . " Markets were down Friday in Moscow , amid uncertainty in the business community . The Moscow Interbank Curency Exchange , or MICEX index , fell more than 2 % -- bringing its 2014 losses to 14 % . The ruble rebounded after falling early in the day ; it has lost about 10 % since the start of the year . In contrast , the markets and ruble had risen Monday , when the first round of sanctions was announced and did not appear to target those in Putin 's inner circle . The business community now appears to fear that Putin is on a collision course with the West , and that that could undermine its interests . Russia 's Foreign Ministry said Friday that it had asked Putin to draft countermeasures in response to the expanded Western sanctions . On Thursday , Moscow imposed measures against nine U.S. officials and lawmakers , including House Speaker John Boehner , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid and Sens. John McCain , Robert Menendez , Daniel Coats and Mary Landrieu , according to the Russian Foreign Ministry . Russia sanctions : EU should leave trade alone Sanctions on Russia : Would World Cup boycott hit harder ? Opinion : Putin 's breathtaking lies about Russia Crimea remarries -- but that divorce will be messy CNN Money : U.S. targets Putin 's banker , threatens trade Editors ' Note : This article has been edited to remove plagiarized content after CNN discovered multiple instances of plagiarism by Marie-Louise Gumuchian , a former CNN news editor .	"  Russia needs Europe more than Europe needs Russia , " Cameron says Russia 's President Vladimir Putin signs law allowing joining of Crimea to Russia EU leaders and Ukraine 's PM sign the political part of a Ukraine-EU trade deal Tough U.S. and EU sanctions have been imposed on members of Putin 's inner circle
The similarities are striking . An American journalist kneels in the desert , dressed in an orange prison-style jumpsuit . A masked "  executioner " lords over him , wielding a knife . The journalist speaks ; the executioner speaks . And then the horrific happens : the victim is beheaded . "  It is almost the exact same choreography , " said Peter Neumann , a professor at King 's College London , comparing ISIS videos showing the deaths of American journalists Steven Sotloff and James Foley . The executioner appears to be the same person . The location of the two killings also appears to be similar . Neumann suspects they took place in or around the Syrian city of Raqqa , one of the safest areas for ISIS , which calls itself the Islamic State . "  It 's titled ' A Second Message to America , ' and it basically contains exactly the same message , " Neumann said about the Sotloff video , which was posted Tuesday . A video of Foley 's execution was released last month . The executioner Sotloff 's apparent executioner speaks in what sounds like the same British accent as the man who purportedly killed Foley . He 's dressed identically in both videos , head to toe in black , with a face mask and combat boots . He appears to be of similar build and height . He waves a knife in his left hand , as did the militant in the video of Foley 's death . And then , there are his actual words . "  I 'm back , Obama , and I 'm back because of your arrogant foreign policy towards the Islamic State , " the executioner says in the second video . "  Just as your missiles continue to strike our people , our knife will continue to strike the necks of your people . " Obama on ISIS in Syria : ` We do n't have a strategy yet ' At the end , the video threatens the life of a British captive , just as the Foley video threatened Sotloff 's life . The SITE Intelligence group says there 's no question the same masked fighter appears in both videos . Adds CNN 's Karl Penhaul , "  He certainly wants us to think that he is the very same man . " Following Foley 's death , the British ambassador to the United States said that experts in his country were close to identifying his killer . He has not yet been named . Questions The U.S. intelligence community is busy analyzing the Sotloff video to try to answer some key questions : When it was shot ? Where was it shot ? Is the killer the same as the one in the Foley video ? The administration does not want to speculate on specifics of the video until those questions can answered , a senior official told reporters . Paul Ginsberg , a forensic audio and video expert , said analysts will comb through every inch of the video , "  analyzing the electronic impulses , the audio , the video , the speech , voice identification , the geography -- for whatever information it can provide -- as well as the production techniques . " U.S. analysts have said it 's not possible to know from the first video who beheaded Foley because the entire slaying is not shown . A man moves a knife across Foley 's neck , then the picture fades to black . Kerry : ` The cancer of ISIS will not be allowed to spread ' One forensics expert has raised the issue that there appear to be two militants in the video . The second militant appears on the video after an obvious edit . "  There 's definitely a change of actor , " said Ross Patel , the forensics expert . "  There are noticeable -- there are subtle -- but there are also noticeable changes in their build , their physical appearance . " The man who speaks , holds a knife in one of his hands . It looks to be a different knife than the one that was left next to Foley 's body . Also , the dimensions and style of the knives are slightly different , Patel said . In the Sotloff video , the picture fades to black immediately before and after the start of the beheading so , again , it 's not immediately clear whether the man speaking is the same man who then killed the journalist . Who is ISIS ?	The U.S. intelligence community is analyzing the latest video ISIS videos of journalists ' beheadings are strikingly similar They appear to be shot in the same place , with the same executioner The videos fade to black at certain points in production
CHICAGO , Illinois  CNN  -- The woman who received the first-ever near-total face transplant in the United States told her doctor she has regained her self-confidence , said Dr. Maria Siemionow , head of plastic surgery research at the Cleveland Clinic and leader of the transplant team . This illustration represents the transformation of a patient who underwent a near-total face transplant in December . The patient , who prefers to be anonymous , is finally able to breathe through her nose , smell , eat solid foods and drink out of a cup , Siemionow told participants of the annual meeting of the American Association for the Advancement of Science in Chicago over the weekend . The complex surgery , a 22-hour procedure , took place in December at the Cleveland Clinic . The patient received her new face in one graft from a donor cadaver . "  I believe this procedure is justified because you need a face to face the world , " Siemionow said . Watch an animation of the face transplant " The patient had previously "  suffered severe facial trauma , " the Cleveland Clinic said . She had no nose , right eye or upper jaw before the procedure , and could not smell or eat normally . People would call her names on the street , Siemionow said . The surgery gave the patient a nose with nasal lining , as well as a palate . This , combined with the olfactory receptors in the brain , gave the patient the ability to smell , Siemionow said . Social reincorporation is as important as the face transplant itself , Siemionow said . At this point , the patient does n't want to face the "  common world , " but she is facing her family , the surgeon said . The patient said she is happy because when she puts her hands on her face , she feels a nose , Siemionow said . She can also taste a hamburger and pizza , and drink coffee from a cup , the "  things we take for granted every day , " Siemionow said . The patient also received lower eyelids , upper lip , skin , muscles , bone , hard palate , arteries , veins and nerves . As for the aesthetics of the new face , Siemionow suggested that restoring function was more important . "  At this point , no one is really looking at beautification , " she said . Siemionow , who has been working on face transplant research for 20 years , received approval from the Institutional Review Board in 2004 to conduct a full facial transplant . Only patients who had already exhausted all possible options for conventional repair were considered for the transplant , Siemionow said . Currently , cancer patients are not candidates for face transplants because transplant recipients must take immunosuppression drugs for life so that the body does not reject the donated tissue , Siemionow said . In the future , however , lifelong immunosuppression may not be required , she said . While burn damage is normally patched with pieces of excess skin from a person 's own body , this does not work if the whole face needs to be covered -- the skin of the entire back is less than half of what would be needed to cover the full face and scalp , Siemionow said . Previously , three facial transplants had been completed -- two in France and one in China . The Chinese recipient , Li Guoxing , died in July of unknown causes , Guo Shuzhong , a doctor involved in the case , confirmed to CNN . One of the French face transplant recipients was a man who had a genetic disorder that created large tumors on his face . The other French patient had been bitten by a dog . The Chinese patient had been attacked by a bear . European news media recently reported that a surgeon in Spain received approval for another face transplant , which would be the fifth in the world . Researchers are also making headway into treatments for disorders that give rise to facial abnormalities , experts say . They are identifying genes that become mutated and cause the skull and facial features to become distorted . "  We 're moving into the arena where we can do medical treatment , " Dr. Ethylin Jabs , professor of developmental and regenerative biology at Mount Sinai Medical School , said at the conference . One example is Treacher Collins syndrome , a condition found in one in every 50,000 births , which affects the development of bones and other tissues in the face . Scientists have determined that the gene TCOF1 is involved in the disorder , and research is ongoing into the precise function of this protein . By looking at the genetic underpinnings of disorders that lead to facial deformities , scientists can also understand what accounts for the normal differences in face and skull types . "  These are going to be some of the genes that cause some of that variation , " Jabs said .	Face transplant recipient can now eat solid foods , smell , breathe out of nose The patient received her new face in one graft from a donor cadaver in December Skin on surface of a person 's back is not large enough to cover a face and scalp Doctor : Social reincorporation is as important as the face transplant itself
CNN  -- U.S. journalist Austin Tice , who went missing while working in Syria two weeks ago , has been captured and is being held in Syrian government custody , The Washington Post reported Thursday , citing a senior diplomat and others familiar with the matter . The Post is one of several news outlets for which Tice , 31 , filed stories since he began reporting from Syria in May . He also reported for McClatchy Newspapers and Al-Jazeera English . Tice 's family immediately called for his release , saying in a statement , "  Austin is our precious son , and we beseech the Syrian government to treat him well and return him safely to us as soon as possible . " The executive editor of The Post , Marcus Brauchli , also urged authorities to release Tice , as did Anders Gyllenhaal , McClatchy 's vice president for news . "  We welcome the news that Austin Tice is likely being held by the Syrian government , although this has still not been confirmed by government authorities , " Gyllenhaal said in a statement . "  If this is indeed the case , it means we move to a new stage of waiting for his release . "  There 's no basis for detaining a journalist . Austin is a respected and very dedicated reporter and we would expect his immediate release . " Tice 's last public post was August 11 on Twitter , where he said he spent the day with members of the rebel Free Syrian Army at a pool party with music . The U.S. State Department has been working through the Czech Embassy in Damascus to learn details of Tice 's whereabouts . The Post and the Committee to Protect Journalists , an advocacy group , both reported it was the Czech ambassador to Syria who first revealed the news about Tice on Thursday . Reporters Without Borders , another advocacy group , says Syria is one of the most dangerous places for journalists . Ten have been killed since the start of the conflict early last year , it says .	The Washington Post says Austin Tice is being held in Damascus Tice , 31 , has n't been heard from in two weeks He reported for the Post , McClatchy Newspapers , and others His family is pleading for his release
CNN  Two Transportation Security Administration screeners have been fired after conspiring to grope attractive men at Denver International Airport , Denver police said . Here 's how police say the scheme worked : When the male TSA officer noticed a man he found attractive , he would alert a female TSA officer . The female officer would then tell the screening machine that a female passenger -- not a male -- was walking through . And that information would trigger a machine to register an anomaly in the groin area , prompting the male TSA officer to pat down the passenger , police said , citing a TSA investigation . But during the patdown , the male TSA officer used the palms of his hands to touch the passenger 's front groin area and buttocks , which violates TSA policy . Former TSA agent sentenced for recording coworker All this came to light after an anonymous tip from a TSA employee in November . The agency launched an investigation , and investigator Chris Higgins monitored the two TSA officers in question , Denver police said in a report . Higgins watched the plan being carried out on February 9 . He interviewed the female TSA officer , who said she had done this with her colleague at least 10 other times , police said . Both of the TSA officers investigated have been fired , TSA special agent Charles Stone told police . Authorities did not release their names . Giant security gap at airports : Lack of criminal background checks The TSA called the incident deplorable . "  These alleged acts are egregious and intolerable , " the agency said in a written statement to CNN . "  All allegations of misconduct are thoroughly investigated by the agency . And when substantiated , employees are held accountable . " But it 's unlikely criminal charges will be filed because there is no identifiable victim . The TSA said it has been trying to identify the passenger in the February incident but to no avail . The TSA said no passengers have come forward with similar cases so far at the Denver airport . Hidden cameras reveal airport workers stealing from luggage CNN 's Tony Marco contributed to this report .	Police : A male TSA officer signaled to a female officer when he found a man attractive Female officer would notify scanning machine a woman -- not a man -- was passing through Police : That would trigger an anomaly in groin area , leading male officer to grope passenger
Rome  CNN  -- Transcripts published Tuesday capture the dramatic conversations between port officials and a cruise ship captain , who a judge ruled can be held under house arrest while Italian authorities investigate his role in last week 's disaster . A judge ruled that Francesco Schettino must remain in custody pending a later decision on whether to release him while authorities investigate the running aground of the Costa Concordia on Italy 's Tuscan coast . But the judge said Schettino can be held on house arrest rather than in jail pending that decision , said his attorney , Bruno Leporatti . The captain has promised to cooperate with authorities , the lawyer said . Chief prosecutor Francesco Verusio said he did not know the grounds for the decision , which was made after the Tuesday afternoon court hearing . "  I am speechless , " he said . An Italian port official swore in frustration at the captain of the stricken vessel after it struck rocks Friday night , ordering him at least 10 times to return to the cruise liner and coordinate rescue efforts , transcripts of the recorded conversations published Tuesday show . "  You get on board ! This is an order ! " the port official told Schettino . "  You have declared ` Abandon ship . ' Now I 'm in charge . You get on board -- is that clear ? " the official said in one of the conversations published by the Italian newspaper Corriere della Serra . Schettino says at one point that he wants to go back on board , then refers to "  other rescuers " and says something about a lifeboat being stuck . "  Get on board the ship and you tell me how many people are on board . ... Clear ? You tell me if there are children , women , people with special needs , " a coast guard officer tells Schettino . "  Get on board ,  expletive  ! " the officer curses in frustration . During one conversation , Schettino first says he abandoned ship , only to appear to reverse course under questioning by an official , saying he was "  catapulted into the water " but remained on scene to coordinate the rescue . "  I did not abandon any ship , " Schettino said , according to the transcripts . Italian prosecutors confirmed that the quotes match ones in a transcript they were using in their investigation . Schettino is under investigation by Italian authorities for his role in the disaster , which has claimed at least 11 lives . Prosecutors say Schettino was on the bridge at the time and made a "  grave error " that led to the disaster . The Italian coast guard and Costa Cruises , which owns the ship , are investigating why Schettino took the ship so close to land in an area known for its rocky sea floor . "  Preliminary indications are that there may have been significant human error on the part of the ship 's master , Capt. Francesco Schettino , which resulted in these grave consequences , " Costa Cruises said . "  The route of the vessel appears to have been too close to the shore , and the captain 's judgment in handling the emergency appears to have not followed standard Costa procedures , " the statement added . Corriere della Sera reported that Schettino came close to Giglio to salute Mario Palombo , a legend among Costa Cruises ' commanders , and as a gesture to the only Giglio native on board , chief steward Antonello Tievoli . Speaking on Italian television , Schettino said the problem was an uncharted rock . "  On the nautical chart , it was marked just as water , " Schettino said . But the Italian coast guard said the waters where the ship ran aground were well-mapped . Local fishermen say the island coast of Giglio is known for its rocky seafloor . "  Every danger in this area is on the nautical chart , " coast guard Capt. Cosimo Nicastro said . "  This is a place where a lot of people come for diving and sailing . ... All the dangers are known . " Local authorities and residents said they believe that after hitting the rock , which tore a hole in the hull , the ship sailed at least half a mile north . They believe Schettino then turned the ship around toward land , where it toppled . In addition to questions over how Schettino handled himself after the wreck , questions also lingered about whether the captain should have ordered an evacuation sooner and why no "  mayday " distress signal was sent . At one point after the ship struck the rock , the ship returned a radio call from port officials saying that all was well and the ship was suffering only a "  technical problem , " according to the transcripts . Schettino joined Costa in 2002 as a safety officer , served as a staff captain and was appointed captain in 2006 , according to the cruise line . Like all Costa masters , the cruise line said , Schettino "  has been constantly trained , passing all tests . " Schettino had never been involved in an accident before , said Costa chairman Pier Luigi Foschi . Foschi also downplayed the possibility that alcohol may have played a role in the crash , saying he did not believe Schettino drank , and that all crew were subject to random drug and alcohol tests by Costa Cruises . The captain 's attorney said in a statement Monday that Schettino was "  shattered , dismayed , saddened for the loss of lives and strongly disturbed . " But , he said , Schettino is "  nonetheless comforted by the fact that he maintained during those moments the necessary lucidity to put in place a difficult emergency maneuver ... bringing the ship to shallow waters . " That move , Leporatti said , saved the lives of many passengers and crew members . Captain and consultant James Staples told CNN 's Anderson Cooper on Tuesday night that he was "  totally amazed " by Schettino 's actions . "  He should have stayed on board that ship and coordinated the rescue attempts from the vessel . " Staples said the Concordia should not have been so close to the rocky shore at night , with little or no room to maneuver . Passenger Alex Beach of New Mexico said crew members tried to assist passengers , but had no upper-level supervision . The scene around lifeboats , many of which could not be launched , was chaotic . "  It became a situation of every man for himself , " she told Cooper . CNN 's Holly Yan , Hada Messia , Dan Rivers , Brian Walker , Josh Levs and journalist Barbie Nadeau contributed to this report .	NEW : Captain and consultant tells CNN captain should have stayed aboard Authorities on land ordered the captain to return to the ship , a newspaper reports Costa Cruises says "  there may have been significant human error " on the captain 's part Attorney : The captain 's move to bring the ship to shallow waters saved many lives
CNN  -- After nearly 150 years in business , the Rocky Mountain News published its final edition Friday , the victim of a bad economy and the Internet generation . The Rocky Mountain News in Denver , Colorado , published its last edition Friday after 150 years . The final front-page headline simply says : "  Goodbye , Colorado . " "  It is with great sadness that we say goodbye to you today . Our time chronicling the life of Denver and Colorado , the nation and the world , is over . " The Rocky Mountain News ' owner , E.W. Scripps Co. , made the announcement to the newsroom at noon Thursday , ending three months of speculation and drama over its fate . The News had been put up for sale in December . The Rocky Mountain News was the latest victim in an era of shutdowns , layoffs and cutbacks plaguing the newspaper industry . "  It 's in a free fall and nobody knows where the bottom is . It 's kind of like water in the toilet swirling around and nobody knows what 's left when you 're done flushing , " media critic Eric Alterman said . Watch how the economy and Internet are taking a toll on the industry " Newspapers across the country are under pressure as readership declines , along with advertising revenue , while more and more Americans get their information online . "  All newspapers are under great pressure . They 'll survive , but they 'll survive in different forms , their costs base will have to be dramatically lowered , " said Mort Zuckerman , publisher of the New York Daily News , which has the seventh highest circulation in the country . The dramatic decline in advertising dollars in a brutal economy has forced newspapers to cut costs by firing cartoonists , columnists and others , leaving them searching for jobs in a struggling industry . Pia Catton lost her job as arts editor of the New York Sun five months ago , when the newspaper closed . She has taken a short-term job editing a book , but she thinks she may need to look at different careers soon . "  There will always be a market for news , you will always need to know immediately what 's happening . Will there be a market for newspapers ? That 's another question , " she said . The Rocky Mountain News had more than 200 editorial employees , according to the Columbia Journalism Review 's Web site . Rich Boehne , chief executive officer of Scripps , told employees the newspaper was the victim of a terrible economy , an upheaval in the newspaper industry and multimillion-dollar annual losses . "  Denver ca n't support two newspapers any longer , " Boehne said . "  It 's certainly not good news for you , and it 's certainly not good news for Denver . " The News has been in a joint operating agreement with The Denver Post since 2001 , which combined the papers ' business operations in an effort to save money , but left the editorial departments separate . The News ' closure leaves Denver with one major newspaper , like most American cities . "  We 've been , sort of , hanging on the edge for so long , " said Mel Pompanio , a presentation editor for the paper . "  What a huge loss for Colorado today . " This week , the San Francisco Chronicle announced it was in danger of being sold or closed if it does n't stop losing millions . Officials from the Hearst Corp. , owners of the Chronicle , said the paper lost $ 50 million in 2008 and is on pace to lose more this year . "  It 's difficult . It 's hard , " Lynn Bartels , a political reporter and 26-year employee for Scripps , said of the News ' closing . "  I have n't returned any phone calls yet , because I do n't need to be reporting and crying at the same time . I 've done that enough . " Long faces dominated the newsroom in video posted on the paper 's Web site . A few sobs could be heard , too , as the announcement of the closing began to sink in among employees . "  I could say stupid things like ' I know how you feel . ' I do n't , " Boehne said . "  We are just deeply sorry . I hope you will accept that . " CNN 's Richard Roth contributed to this report .	NEW : "  It 's in a free fall and nobody knows where the bottom is , " media critic says NEW : As readers shift to online news , newspapers get by with layoffs , cutbacks Rocky Mountain News ' closure leaves Denver with one major paper , The Denver Post Scripps exec tells newsroom the economy , industry turmoil sealed paper 's fate
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  -- Thousands of people who filled the streets of Cairo on Tuesday hope their demonstrations against corruption and failing economic policies will cause upheaval in the government , like the similar protests in Tunisia that inspired them . But analysts caution that in Egypt , the protesters are up against a different set of challenges . Juan Cole , a Middle East historian at the University of Michigan and blogger , describes Tunisia as "  a little bit unique . " "  There have been lots of civil wars . There 's been lots of societies in turmoil . But this kind of phenomenon where you had crowds peacefully coming into the streets to demand a change in their own contract with their government -- in the Arab world proper , this is the first time it 's happened and it 's the first time since 1979 in the Middle East , " Cole told CNN last week . He noted that Tunisia is the "  most secular country in the Arab world . " Its traditions have favored women 's rights and its Islamist influence is negligible . Tunisia also lacked the oil resources of other Arab states and the ethnic divisions seen in other Middle Eastern countries , which make it harder for opposition movements to unite , he noted . Looking at the protests Tuesday in Cairo , Mamoun Fandy of the International Institute for Strategic Studies told CNN he was not seeing a "  turning point or tipping point yet . " Noting the strength of the army , he said , "  The Egyptian system is too strong and too resilient . " A key question that will show the potential strength of the demonstrations Tuesday is whether hardcore protesters will stay through the night , or whether the rallies will fizzle down , he said . Eric Trager , a Ph.D. candidate in political science at the University of Pennsylvania and a former Fulbright fellow in Egypt , wrote in The Atlantic , "  Egypt 's liberal activists overwhelmingly come from the wired generation of Twitter and Facebook , and this makes them optimistic that pro-democratic movements can go viral , even in a political environment as traditionally illiberal as the Middle East . ... Yet Egyptian activists face tremendous odds -- in particular , an entrenched dictatorship that is determined to discredit the very idea of domino-effect democratization . " Time.com published a story Thursday from writer Abigail Hauslohner in Cairo headlined , "  After Tunisia : Why Egypt Is n't Ready to Have Its Own Revolution . " Some Egyptians "  believe the time is now " for protests to bring about change like in Tunisia , and several people in Egypt have set themselves on fire or attempted to in recent days -- much like the self-immolation of a young unemployed man in Tunisia that sparked protests in that country , " she writes . "  But in Egypt , it does n't go much deeper than that . " A greater percentage of Egypt 's population than Tunisia 's lives below the poverty line , she writes . "  The citizens of Egypt regularly complain of a neglectful regime that knows more about torture than it does about public service , and they 're furious with a regime that seems to swallow any domestic profits before they can reach the lower classes . And yet no one predicts a revolutionary reset anytime soon . " Two factors distinguish Egypt from Tunisia in this respect , Hauslohner writes : Tunisia 's government spent generously on education , creating a frustrated educated but unemployed population . And in Egypt , "  the military stands with " Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak . Time.com is a partner of CNN.com . Writing in Newsweek , journalist Mike Giglio suggested the "  upcoming protest in Cairo could mark the beginning of another upheaval . " "  Tuesday will be the first real test of whether the revolution is contagious , " he wrote in a story published Monday . Many protesters believe their demonstrations will prove to have far more power than naysayers suggest . A Facebook page that has served to help organize Tuesday 's protests in Cairo says , "  Many young Egyptians are now fed up with the inhuman treatment they face on a daily basis in streets , police stations and everywhere . ... Egyptians are aspiring to the day when Egypt has its freedom and dignity back , the day when the current 30 years long emergency martial law ends and when Egyptians can freely elect their true representatives . "	Analysts : Egypt is a different story from Tunisia Analyst : Tunisia "  a little bit unique " Time writer says Egypt "  not ready " for revolution Protesters believe Cairo demonstrations can help trigger change
Greensboro , North Carolina  CNN  -- The trial of former presidential candidate John Edwards took a dramatic turn Wednesday when his daughter abruptly left the courtroom during testimony about a fight between her mother and father over his affair with a campaign videographer . Cate Edwards left during the testimony of Christina Reynolds , former research director for Edwards ' 2008 campaign . Reynolds was recounting an October 2007 confrontation between Elizabeth and John Edwards at the Raleigh , North Carolina , airport after the National Enquirer reported the candidate was having an affair with Rielle Hunter . Elizabeth Edwards , a breast cancer patient , tore at her clothing , exposing her chest , the witness said . "  You do n't see me anymore , " Reynolds quoted the wife as saying . As Reynolds described the incident in the airport hangar , John Edwards covered his face with his hands . He then looked back at his daughter and said , "  I do n't know what 's coming ... do you want to leave ? " Cate Edwards said something back , stood and left the courtroom . Some in the courtroom reported seeing her wiping tears in her eyes as she left . She returned to her seat behind her father after a court recess . Elizabeth Edwards died of breast cancer in December 2010 . Prosecutors say donations to pay his mistress 's expenses were illegal and a chief reason John Edwards is on trial in federal court on six felony counts . Also charged with conspiracy and making false statements , Edwards could face up to 30 years in prison if convicted on all counts . Edwards is accused of using false and misleading campaign disclosure reports to conceal from the Federal Election Commission more than $ 900,000 in donations -- $ 725,000 from Rachel "  Bunny " Mellon and $ 200,000 from the late Texas lawyer Fred Baron . Also Wednesday , a former Edwards staffer testified about his travels with Edwards in 2006 , before the latter announced his candidacy . Josh Brumberger said he told Edwards that Hunter seemed a "  little nutty " and her video work was "  shoddy and unprofessional . " Edwards insisted Hunter should receive health insurance , even though she was a consultant , Brumberger said . The former aide also said he told Edwards that the staff was noticing he was treating Hunter differently than he did others , such as carrying her bags . It all came to a head at Chicago 's O'Hare International Airport in October 2006 . A red-faced and cursing Edwards , who was bound for China , pulled him to the side , Brumberger testified . Edwards said that "  if I thought he was  blanking  her , why did n't I come to him like a man and ask , " said Brumberger . "  He said he did n't trust me anymore . He was basically firing me . " On cross-examination , Brumberger said all of those incidents occurred before the presidential campaign . Edwards eventually admitted to having carried on an affair with Hunter and fathering her child . CNN 's Ted Metzger contributed to this report .	Daughter of former presidential candidate leaves during testimony It concerned fight between her father and late mother John Edwards faces federal corruption charges Former staffer testifies about Edwards ' mistress
CNN  -- Enhanced screening procedures for U.S.-bound air passengers traveling through "  state sponsors of terrorism or other countries of interest " such as Pakistan , Yemen and Nigeria amount to religious profiling of Muslims , the Council on American-Islamic Relations said Monday . The Transportation Security Administration announced the strengthened security steps Sunday , saying that "  effective aviation security must begin beyond our borders . " A senior government official , not authorized to speak on the record , provided CNN with the list of 14 countries subject to the enhanced screening for travelers heading to the United States : Cuba , Sudan , Syria , Iran , Afghanistan , Algeria , Iraq , Lebanon , Libya , Nigeria , Pakistan , Saudi Arabia , Somalia and Yemen . The new guidelines target 13 Muslim-majority nations and will "  disproportionately target American Muslims who have family or spiritual ties to the Islamic world , " the Council on American-Islamic Relations said , adding that the tougher measures "  amount to religious and ethnic profiling . " "  Under these new guidelines , almost every American Muslim who travels to see family or friends or goes on pilgrimage to Mecca will automatically be singled out for special security checks -- that 's profiling , " said Nihad Awad , the council 's national executive director . "  While singling out travelers based on religion and national origin may make some people feel safer , it only serves to alienate and stigmatize Muslims and does nothing to improve airline security . " A TSA spokesperson , Kristin Lee , responded that "  TSA does not profile . " "  As is always the case , TSA security measures are based on threat , not ethnic or religious background , " Lee said . The tougher measures followed a botched bombing attempt on Christmas Day by a Nigerian man who boarded a U.S.-bound flight in Amsterdam , Netherlands . The suspect , Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab , originated his trip in Nigeria and changed planes in Amsterdam to a Northwest Airlines flight headed for Detroit , Michigan . On the flight 's final approach , the suspect allegedly attempted to detonate explosives hidden in his underwear . The attempt failed , and the suspect was grabbed by other passengers and crew members . U.S. officials said the suspect received training and help for the attack from al Qaeda in Yemen , one of the countries of origin on the list for enhanced screening . A senior State Department official , who could not speak on the record because of the sensitive nature of the material , said Sunday the countries on the list are places "  where we have concerns , particularly about al Qaeda affiliates . " The official said the State Department was heavily involved in compiling the list , along with the Department of Homeland Security and other intelligence agencies . The State Department compiles the annual "  Patterns of Global Terrorism " report , which details terrorism trends in countries around the world . Passengers from other countries could still face enhanced security for other reasons . Awad said the suspicious behavior of AbdulMutallab in the failed Christmas bombing case , rather than his religion or ethnicity , should have alerted authorities . For example , Awad said , AbdulMutallab paid cash for his ticket and boarded without checking in baggage . Improved monitoring of such anomalies is the solution , said Awad , who called for increased spending "  to obtain more bomb-sniffing dogs , to install more sophisticated bomb-detection equipment and to train security personnel in identifying the behavior suspects . " The American Civil Liberties Union issued a similar statement on Monday that called profiling an ineffective strategy . "  Singling out travelers from a few specified countries for enhanced screening is essentially a pretext for racial profiling , which is ineffective , unconstitutional and violates American values , " said Michael German , national security policy counsel with the ACLU 's Washington legislative office . "  Empirical studies of terrorists show there is no terrorist profile , and using a profile that does n't reflect this reality will only divert resources by having government agents target innocent people . Profiling also can be "  counterproductive by undermining community support for government counterterrorism efforts and creating an injustice that terrorists can exploit to justify further acts of terrorism , " German said . A federal counterterrorism official said the new TSA security directive lacked an expiration date , meaning it was intended to be "  sustainable and long term . " The directive , issued to domestic and international air carriers , states that any individual flying into the United States who is "  traveling from or through nations that are state sponsors of terrorism or other countries of interest will be required to go through enhanced screening . " The TSA did not elaborate on what those enhanced security procedures might entail . In addition , the directive also keeps in place a mandate issued after the attempted Christmas Day attack giving pilots discretion to prevent passengers from keeping pillows and blankets on their laps during certain international flights , the official said . Also retained is the option for pilots to limit movement in the cabin on those international flights . CNN 's Mike Ahlers and Jeanne Meserve contributed to this report .	Extra screening planned for passengers coming through "  state sponsors of terrorism " 13 of 14 nations on the list have majority Muslim populations Policy "  only serves to alienate and stigmatize Muslims , " group says ACLU says profiling is "  ineffective , unconstitutional and violates American values "
New Delhi  CNN  -- Three men were convicted Tuesday in the gang rape of an American tourist in India . All Nepali men in their 20s , they were convicted of sexual assault and robbery , police said . They were sentenced to 20 years in prison . Officially , they were sentenced to 20 years each for sexual assault and five years for robbery , but the sentences will run concurrently . The men will also have to pay about $ 250 each in fines . The incident took place in June in the Indian mountain state of Himachal Pradesh . The men were accused of raping and robbing the American woman , who had sought a lift from them in their small truck , Vinod Kumar Dhawan , the state 's police superintendent , told CNN . The woman , 31 , was on her way back to a popular tourist destination when she got into the truck around 1 a.m. . The men pleaded not guilty , Dhawan said . The rape case that changed India Several high-profile cases have drawn attention to sexual violence against women in India . In September , an Indian court sentenced four men to death for the rape and murder of a 23-year-old woman in New Delhi . A 17-year-old boy was also sentenced to three years in prison for murder , rape and robbery in the attack .	Three Nepali men are convicted of raping a U.S. tourist in India They were sentenced to 20 years in prison The incident took place in June It was among several high-profile rape cases in India
CNN  Place both hands flat on your chest , just below the clavicle , and say something out loud . Feel that ? Every time you speak , your chest cavity vibrates . Physicist Shahriar Afshar thinks recreating that feeling is the key to making video games , movies and music more immersive , emotional experiences . He 's created a vest called KOR-FX that plugs into an audio jack and turns sound into chest-rumbling vibrations , mimicking what your vocal cords do . Most virtual reality hype has surrounded tools that create a visual experience , like the Oculus Rift goggles . Gadgets like this vest could provide an additional physical , tactile element to virtual reality . The $ 150 KOR-FX feeds sound to the two transducers on the front of the vest . Regular sounds are translated into vibrations that are felt directly on the body . It 's the same thrill you get in a movie theater when the bass is so strong it shakes your seat , but it uses less power and is portable . I strapped the vest on and tested it . The vibrations ranged from heart-racing to subtle , and are surprisingly effective when paired with audio from a good pair of headphones . Footage of a DJ Tisto show imitates the experience from the bass at a live concert . Explosions and gunshots rock you in the first-person-shooter game "  Counter-Strike : Source . " It was most effective in the cockpit of a fighter jet playing "  Battlefield 3 " while wearing an Oculus Rift . The vest hums with the constant roll of the engine and you feel the other planes shake as they zip by . Vibrations in the body make the brain interpret experiences as more immediate , as if they 're really happening to them and not just taking place on a screen , according to Afshar . "  The brain thinks , my goodness , all the stuff that 's happening is so significant and the audio is so huge that it 's vibrating my chest , " said Afshar . Afshar 's company , Immerz Inc. , is focusing on the video game market for starters since the audio on many big budget games is outstanding . Gamers are early adopters and have already proven they care about immersion . Afshar , a self-described "  very serious-minded professor of physics , " was not a gamer . He stumbled on the idea for the vest while staying in a dorm one summer as a visiting professor  he declined to identify the campus  . The students were creating a ruckus in the common areas , blasting the sound on video games . Unable to escape the games ' vibrations  or to convince them to turn down the volume  , Afshar decided to learn more . "  I thought , ` They 're enjoying something in the bass , go about it as a scientist , ' " said Afshar , who also has a background in neuroscience . After much research , Afshar launched a Kickstarter campaign , which raised $ 183,000  245 % of its goal  in July . The product became available in November and is available online . Eventually , KOR-FX wants to open the vest up to developers so they can add vibrations to give the sensation of movement . Afshar says the vest could even be used to manipulate emotional states , like calming the wearer down or getting them excited . Afshar recently used it to listen to Bach and experience classical music in a new way . "  All of the sudden I was engulfed in the genius , the amazing indescribable wrapping up of emotions masterfully put together , " said Afshar . "  It opened all these vistas that I had never thought of . "	A new vest makes games and movies more immersive by vibrating your body The brain processes experiences differently when accompanied by vibrations The KOR-FX vest is $ 150 and works with any audio input
CNN  -- A car decked out with blinking disco lights and a fog machine is driving the streets of San Francisco at night . In the back are paying passengers belting out karaoke tunes . In the front is the at-least locally recognizable Lyft pink mustache outlined with LED lights . DiscoLyft  yes , of course he 's on Twitter  is one of the many personalized , and eccentric , cars popping up as part of the growing Lyft ride-sharing service , which is now active in San Francisco , Boston , Los Angeles and Seattle . Using the Lyft app , anyone with a Facebook account can book and pay for a ride with one of the Lyft drivers , like a more casual and kooky Uber . The oversized , fluffy mustaches affixed to car grills started as a smart marketing gambit . But the silly accessory and Lyft 's social-focused approach ended up infusing the makeshift fleet with peppy , perky and chatty personality and attracting outgoing drivers . During orientation , drivers are encouraged to express themselves with their vehicles , to join Twitter and to offer something extra to passengers , like candy . "  We really want everyone to have this opportunity to explore their creativity with Lyft , " said Lyft co-founder John Zimmer . Sometimes it 's the car that 's decorated . Grant Gordon 's chalkboard-paint covered car , which was originally made for the Burning Man festival , is covered in doodles from riders and passersby . Some cars have games and other diversions ; the Magnetic Poetry car keeps a Tumblr of rider 's poems . All Lyft cars offer an array of smartphone chargers , but many drivers give out more than electricity . There are savory and sweet treats , tchotchkes and fruit . PK Rodriguez , a San Francisco driver , makes custom goodie bags filled with candy and cards bearing handwritten inspirational quotes that she says helped her get through a recent motorcycle accident  she was a passenger  . Not to be outdone by their cars , the Lyft drivers can be equally over the top . In Los Angeles , there is a driver who dresses like Batman . "  Lyft is all about being the friend with the car , treating that person as if they were a friend of yours , " said Lyft co-founder John Zimmer . Friends do n't let friends sit quietly in the back seat playing Candy Crush while they give you a ride home from happy hour . Lyft rides are supposed to be social activities . Drivers are trained to greet riders with a fist bump as a way of breaking the ice .  Ice is very un-Lyft like .  Passengers are encouraged to sit in the front seat so they can make small talk . The job appeals to artists , actors , DJs , and singers who want to fund their fledgling careers with flexible part-time work using their cars . Classical singer Juliana Urban fits in a full 40 hours a week around auditions . She stocks her car with clementines and Capri Suns and says the conversations and random connections she makes driving for Lyft are the best part of the job . Snacks are big with Lyft drivers , but few have taken it as far as entrepreneur and Lyft driver Chris Biggs -- aka Cookie Wars Lyft . In the morning , Biggs bakes two batches of cookies and packs them in Tupperware . Riders taste each flavor and vote for their favorites . The winning cookie is announced on Twitter and the cookie goes on to compete against a new recipe the next day . Angel Lozano , 35 , is still in the Navy full-time , but picks up Lyft shifts in the evening . His spotless Range Rover is posh enough to pass for an Uber , with new upholstery , a custom sound system and TV screens that allow passengers to sit back and enjoy episodes of "  Chappelle 's Show . " There are others like Hip Hop Lyft , a "  Ghostbusters " - themed car , and Giants Lyft . The vehicles range from scrubby Honda Civics to higher-end luxury vehicles . There are even a Jaguar and a Tesla . The @Lyft_Diaries Twitter account keeps tabs on some of the more notable rider experiences and tweeting drivers . The Lyft app does n't let people choose which car they 'll ride in , but the extra personality can still have a financial up-side . Using the Lyft app , passengers choose how much to pay to the driver after their ride and can increase or decrease the suggested amount based on how they felt about the experience .  Lyft drivers do n't see how much they were paid until the end of their shifts . In many ways , Lyft is the opposite of the original Bay Area community ride-sharing experience , a casual carpool . The loose network of strangers who grab rush-hour rides at preset stops has its own unwritten rules : The radio should be set to NPR and played at a soothingly low volume , and silence is golden . Uber , which recently ran anti-Lyft ads that said "  Shave the stache , " sticks to the usual car service etiquette . Cars are clean and un-adorned , riders are in the back and conversation is optional . Sidecar is a service similar to Lyft and also asks passengers to sit up front , but it has n't seen the same boom in creativity from drivers . A highly social ride is n't for everyone . Many people who want peace and quiet or a luxury , shiny black car will stick with car companies or Uber . Shy people are n't the only ones who do n't enjoy Lyft . Like Uber , Lyft and Sidecar have become popular alternatives to hailing a taxi or calling a cab company directly . Many taxi drivers are increasingly unhappy about the competition , claiming it is hurting their business , and have even organized protests . The smartphone-app based services also are running into regulatory issues . The Los Angeles Department of Transportation recently issued a cease and desist order to the three companies , citing a lack of proper permits and licenses . For now , the services are fighting to keep running and also working on expansion plans to other cities . Starting in California meant Lyft had a big pool of disco-loving , baked-goods making eccentrics , actors and Burning Man attendees willing to be drivers . Time will tell if newer cities also embrace the weird .	Ride-sharing service Lyft has attracted some outgoing drivers and kooky cars Some Lyft cars offer cookies , movies , costumes or karaoke to passengers The service focuses on making rides social experiences , which may not appeal to everyone
CNN  -- During the summer , southeastern Utah 's high desert is like a furnace where the wind whips hot air over a seemingly endless expanse of arid terrain . Particles of sand erode and are re-deposited in new areas , collapsing old formations and slowly building sedimentary rock that will hold up new ones . The flora and fauna that live amidst those gusts are some of Mother Nature 's toughest and most resourceful creations , enduring months without a drop of rain and withstanding desert heat and sub-freezing temperatures . Arches National Park is home to this wildlife as well as the world 's highest concentration of natural sandstone arches . From the largest , Landscape Arch , to the tallest , Double Arch South , the park 's 119 square miles are one of the most unique places on earth . Park stats : The visitor count at Arches has steadily increased since 2004 . The park drew more than one million guests last year and has averaged that many since 2008 . The location : Arches National Park is located in southeast Utah , about five miles north of Moab . There are airports in Moab , Salt Lake City , about four hours away and Grand Junction , Colorado , about two hours away . If you go : Park admission is $ 10 per vehicle . Individual admission is $ 5 . Admission is valid for seven days . Park passports are $ 25 and provide entry to Arches , Canyonlands National Park , Hovenweep National Monument and Natural Bridges National Monument . They are valid for one year . The visitor center is open every day except Christmas , but be sure to check the website as hours change according to the season . Meet our ranger : Kait Thomas , an interpretive ranger at Arches National Park , grew up in Monrovia , Indiana . When she was 11 , her dad started taking her on annual vacations to national parks in the western United States . The experience had a profound effect on her , she says . "  I knew I wanted to move west , " says Thomas , 25 . "  I wanted to be a part of the beauty that you find in national parks . " But Thomas , 25 , became a pre-law student when she moved to Salt Lake City for college . On the way back to school after a 2008 summer internship working for a political campaign , she had her "  Aha ! " moment , realizing she completed the dream to move west , but not the one to work for the national park service . "  I just waltzed in to Arches National Park visitor center and asked if they needed help , " she says . At first , the answer was "  No , thanks . " But Thomas says a combination of her stubbornness and a supervisor 's willingness to listen during a 45-minute impromptu meeting led to her volunteering for six weeks in 2008 . In 2009 , the supervisor invited her to become a seasonal ranger . In 2010 Thomas became a full-time ranger . "  It really is the first part of the country that I fell in love with , " she says . "  There is something about the desert and how hostile , dramatic and colorful it is . You have this contrast of something that is incredibly harsh yet unbelievably delicate . " For a day trip do n't miss : The Windows trail hike . Thomas says the area has the highest concentration of arches in the park , including five that range from 60 to 100 feet high . "  It 's a nice summary of the park , " she says . "  It 's the most bang for the buck , if you will . " Favorite less-traveled spot : Hiking to Tower Arch from Klondike Bluff . Thomas says reaching Klondike Bluff requires driving on a dirt road that will not support RVs or buses . It 's about 3.5 miles from Klondike Bluff to tower Arch , she says . "  It 's a great place to escape all the hustle and bustle you find everywhere else in the park , " she says . Favorite spot to view wildlife : Courthouse Wash. . Thomas says hot summer temperatures make seeing wildlife difficult . But you can see mule deer , coyotes and bobcats at Courthouse Wash as well as big horn sheep near the visitor center from October through December . Most magical moment in the park : Having lunch in the shade of Wall Arch the day before it collapsed in August of 2008 . Thomas said she was patrolling Devil 's Garden Trail when the temperature hit 105 , and she stopped at Wall Arch to rest and eat . The next day a group of tourists came into the visitor center and wanted to know why the trail was blocked . Thomas and other rangers went to investigate and discovered the arch had collapsed . "  I realized geology is always happening , " she says . "  One sand of grain could have fallen and the whole thing pops and collapses . We do n't have any answers as to when  the arches will fall  but that is why it is so special to be here now . " Funniest moment in the park : Discovering that five members of a Norte  o band , dressed in full concert costume , had lugged their instruments three miles to Delicate Arch and began belting out tunes under its shade .  Norte  o music generally comes from northern Mexico and Texas . It features an accordion that produces musical rhythms similar to polkas . "  We informed them they needed a permit  to play inside the park  , " she says . Oddest moment at the park : An excited family asking her to identify 10 species of lizards they captured , put in a black box and had planned to take home . "  I identified all their lizards and promptly made them put them back , " she says . It 's illegal to remove wildlife from national parks . A ranger 's request : Stay on the trails and off the arches . The land off the trails is home to biological earth crust which protects against erosion and takes decades to rejuvenate after being stepped on . The arches are all made of red sandstone , a mixture of quartz , feldspar and iron oxide . While they may look sturdy , they could collapse if you climb on them . Carry more water than you think you need . Thomas says heat-related illnesses are the No. 1 medical issue at the park . She recommends you drink a minimum of one gallon of water per day and carry salty snacks to maintain electrolyte levels . Also , be sure to shake out your shoes before putting them on . That 's because scorpions gravitate toward dark , cool spaces . If you see a rattlesnake on the trail , do not chase it . Thomas says the majority of rattlesnake bites that happen in the park are on peoples ' hands . Another park she 'd like to visit : Denali National Park in Alaska . "  I 've never been to Alaska and I want to see really raw , big mountains , " Thomas says . "  I 'm always into the biggest and the best . I want to see something that is more primitive than anything else we have  here  . " What national park would you like to visit ? Please share your thoughts in the comments section below .	The park is home to more than 2,000 sandstone arches Iron oxide creates the chemical reaction that turns the sandstone red Utah 's high desert has scalding summer and freezing winter temperatures The best time to view wildlife in the park is October through December
CNN  -- Cyber criminals are setting snares that move at the speed of news . Savvy cyber criminals are taking advantage of our increasing reliance on computers and the Internet . Panda Security , a Spain-based antivirus maker , has been monitoring an onslaught of links with malicious software , or "  malware , " on Twitter that tag hot topics such as the Air France crash , the NBA finals , "  American Idol " runner-up Adam Lambert and the new iPhone . "  Cyber criminals have been targeting Twitter users by creating thousands of messages  tweets  embedded with words involving trending topics and malicious URLs , " Sean-Paul Correll , a threat researcher for Panda Labs , wrote recently on a blog for the company . The growing sophistication of malware attacks mirrors the growing threat -- and cash -- generated by online crime . Already , cyber crime is estimated to cost companies and consumers more than $ 100 billion worldwide . Some officials claim it has now eclipsed illegal drugs as a criminal moneymaker . "  It 's very seldom reported ... if discovered by companies , they generally do n't want the public to know they 've been had , " said Eugene Spafford , a computer security specialist at Purdue University who has advised two U.S. presidents and numerous companies and government agencies . Cyber crime is one of the few industries benefiting from the financial crisis . Last year , antivirus maker McAfee saw a 500 percent increase in malware types -- more than the company had seen in the previous five years combined . In the United States , the FBI reported a 33 percent increase in Internet crime last year . Companies lost an average of $ 4.6 million in intellectual property last year , according to a survey of 1000 firms worldwide by Purdue University and McAfee . "  As the economy has declined , we 've seen the threat landscape increase , " David DeWalt , president and CEO of McAfee , recently told Richard Quest for CNN International 's "  Quest Means Business . " That increase has helped antivirus makers such as McAfee snare record returns -- the company 's first quarter profits were 21 percent higher than same period last year . But companies and governments find themselves in a losing war with Web-savvy criminals , experts say . "  The fundamental fact is cyber criminals are highly organized with sophisticated corporate structures and business chains , " said Michael Fraser , director of the Communications Law Centre at the University of Technology Sydney in Australia . "  They have R&D departments , strong distribution networks and Web sites for the discerning cyber criminal , " Fraser said . On these Web sites , would-be criminals can purchase toolkits to learn how to side step security measures or create their own "  botnet " -- referring to software that can , unbeknownst to victims , turn their computers into spamming foot-soldiers for criminal networks . One Web site advertises software that can capture information for a popular Internet secured-payment provider for $ 500 -- discounted to $ 400 for the first 100 buyers . Skimmed credit card numbers and other personal-identity information stolen from computers also can be found for sale on Web sites , Fraser said . "  When police shut these Web sites down , they just mushroom up some other place , " he said . Although the techniques of cyber crime have evolved , online criminals prey on human vulnerabilities like criminals throughout the ages . In the digital age , that means tempting with free downloads , money schemes and pornography . The range of tools used by cyber criminals reveals the quick evolution of the industry . Viruses -- the first generation of the computer culprits -- are used for the computer equivalent of vandalism , as the malicious programs replicate , spread and damage computers . "  When the company was set up , we were seeing two or three new viruses a week , " said Mahendra Negi , chief financial officer of Tokyo-based antivirus maker Trend Micro . "  Now there 's a new one every two-and-a-half seconds . "  With the arrival of spam in 2001 and 2002 , the big difference was it was commercial malware , " Negi said . "  Once money became involved , the level of sophistication raised a hundred-fold . " Now the biggest threats include "  phishing " schemes and "  botnet " attacks . Phishing is where criminals masquerade as a legitimate business or Web site and trick victims into revealing passwords , credit card information and other personal data . Botnet attackers commandeer personal computers as part of a large network of "  zombie " computers that , on command , target companies for spam attacks to cripple IT capabilities . Botnets -- some of which are large enough to deploy tens of billions of spam e-mails a day -- are often used in extortion schemes . "  They ring up the IT manager of a company and say , ` Pay us a million or we 'll take you down ' , " said Fraser , who has worked with companies victimized by botnet attacks . Companies often pay up and shut up , computer experts say , rather than report the crime and garner publicity that may hurt their corporate reputation . And unlike prankster virus-makers , these malware makers are determined to stay hidden . "  Once it became a business , then  cyber criminals  began to look at what companies like us were doing , and figure out weaknesses , " he said . "  They are very customer friendly ... they sell updates , they will highlight what the product does and what antivirus software ca n't detect them . Adding to the difficulty is the legal situation that in many jurisdictions , it is not illegal to create or sell malware . "  It 's like the arms industry ... it 's not a crime to build and sell them , " Negi said . And because of the transnational nature of the crime , it 's extremely difficult to prosecute . A scan of 500 headlines on Internet-related arrests from newspapers around the world the past two years found about 90 percent were related to child-pornography cases . "  Child pornography is easier to prosecute because it is possible to find the evidence on the perpetrator 's computer systems , " said Spafford of Purdue University . Cyber-criminal networks are as porous as the Internet itself . "  There are multiple jurisdictions and unless it 's an ongoing crime that uses the same path all the time , the trail goes cold quickly , " Spafford said . "  I may be able to trace back to a computer system , if I 'm lucky , or trace it back to a cyber cafe -- but how do I know who was behind it ? " Often criminal networks are run in countries such as Russia and China , where government officials turn a blind eye to these activities -- so long as their victims reside outside the host country , Spafford said . "  For the host countries , that 's dangerous ... it 's kind of like breeding tigers in the back yard and saying , ` Well , they have n't hurt anyone here yet , ' " he said . "  Mexico is a wonderful example ... they tolerated drug smugglers for years , and now it 's such a major problem and incredibly painful and costly to run them out . "  I 'm not saying  cyber criminals  are involved in physical violence , but it 's not out of the realm of possibility , " he said . "  What are they doing with all that money ? "	Some officials say cyber crime has eclipsed drug trade as a money maker Latest ploy is planting malicious software in intriguing Twitter topics Some companies give in to extortion and remain silent , officials say Skimmed credit card numbers can be found for sale on Web sites
CNN  -- A federal judge disclosed Friday that former presidential candidate John Edwards has a life-threatening heart condition , a court source confirmed to CNN . Edwards had sought a delay in his criminal corruption trial , scheduled to begin this month . Attorneys and the federal judge met in a North Carolina courtroom Friday afternoon for a status hearing regarding the pending trial of Edwards , a former U.S. senator . Edwards appeared at Friday 's hearing . His lawyers had made the motion for a delay under seal , but some of its details were publicly revealed by the judge in the open hearing . The criminal trial has been delayed until at least March 26 , according to the court source . Judge Catherine Eagles said she has been in contact with Edwards ' cardiologist , who recommended a postponement , saying Edwards is scheduled to undergo surgery next month . Edwards has to provide the court with a written medical update by February 28 , according to court records . One legal expert , Marcellus McRae , a trial lawyer and former federal prosecutor , said he doubted that Edwards ' illness would influence a jury verdict . "  Edwards 's illness may prompt the public , including potential jurors , to view him in a more sympathetic light . However , it is doubtful that this will have any impact on the outcome of his trial , " McRae said . "  Given the nature of the charges , his physical condition is of no relevance and he will have in theory recovered by the time the case went to trial in March in any event . " Edwards ' attorneys asked in December to delay his criminal trial , saying he had an unspecified medical issue . Edwards is charged with six felony and misdemeanor counts related to donations to and payments from his failed 2008 presidential campaign . He is accused of conspiracy , issuing false statements and violating campaign contribution laws . He denies any wrongdoing . Edwards ' wife , Elizabeth , died of cancer in December 2010 . The couple had separated that year , shortly after Edwards admitted that he had fathered a daughter with Rielle Hunter , who was hired to make documentary videos for his campaign for the 2008 Democratic presidential nomination . March 26 is also when a North Carolina civil trial is scheduled to start in Hunter 's invasion-of-privacy lawsuit against Andrew Young , an Edwards aide in the 2008 presidential campaign . Hunter is suing Young to reclaim materials that she says belong to her , including an alleged sex tape that involves Edwards . Hunter 's lawsuit claims that the tape was made in or about September 2006 and that she worked with a political action committee for Edwards ' campaign between about July 2006 and December 2006 . InSession 's Jessica Thill contributed to this report .	Edwards must provide court with a written medical update by February 28 Edwards ' criminal trial is delayed until at least March 26 Edwards had been seeking a delay in his criminal corruption trial Edwards is charged with conspiracy , violating campaign laws , making false statements
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  A former Korean Air executive who sparked outrage earlier this month by kicking a flight attendant off a plane for serving macadamia nuts the wrong way is being detained by police in Seoul . Heather Cho , the 40-year-old daughter of Korean Air 's chairman , is in the South Seoul Detention Facility , the Seoul Western District Prosecutor 's Office said . Officials gave no other details , other than the investigation into the incident is ongoing . A spokesman for the office , Lee Kwang-woo , said an arrest warrant was approved because "  the necessity was recognized because of the graveness of the case and there was an attempt to systematically cover up the charges since the beginning of the incident . " Cho resigned from her post as a vice president at the company in the aftermath of the incident earlier this month on a flight from New York 's JFK airport to South Korea 's Incheon International Airport . She ordered that the plane turn back to the gate and that a flight attendant be removed because she was served nuts in a bag instead of on a plate in first class . Although her role put her in charge of in-flight service , Cho was a passenger and was not flying in an official capacity . Amid public anger over her behavior , she and her father both apologized for the incident . Cho , whose Korean name is Cho Hyun-ah , said she accepted "  full responsibility " for what happened . Last week , prosecutors said an arrest warrant might cover charges of violating aviation safety rules , including a change in a flight plan , assault on a plane , coercion and interference in the execution of duty . The warrant was approved Tuesday night . When contacted by CNN , the press office for Korean Air said it had no comment on the latest development . ` Violent language ' Testimony from crew members and passengers confirmed that Cho used "  violent language in a loud voice , " which may not be compliant with an aviation safety law that requires cooperation of passengers on a flight , the Ministry of Land , Infrastructure and Transport said earlier this month . The captain of the plane has also faced criticism for obeying Cho 's demands to turn back the plane and remove the flight attendant . The airline faces possible disciplinary action from the government because of the captain 's failure to command and supervise crew members to ensure the safe operation of the flight , the ministry said last week . CNN 's Jethro Mullen and Elizabeth Joseph contributed to this report .	Prosecutors get an arrest warrant Tuesday night Heather Cho ordered a Korean Air plane back to the gate in early December She reacted after a flight attendant served nuts in a bag instead of on a plate She later apologized and resigned from her role as vice president
As education scandals go , the news that students at some of the best high schools on Long Island paid others to take their College Board tests seems mild . The Long Island scandal pales behind the sex scandal at Penn State . Yet the fears driving the Long Island scandal come with much broader educational implications than those affecting Penn State . The cheating scandal reflects the tyranny that standardized testing has come to exercise over higher education in America . Just before Thanksgiving , Nassau County district attorney Kathleen Rice leveled criminal charges against 13 students for their part in the Long Island testing scandal . Rice was right to treat as a criminal matter the testing fraud , which , after seven arrests in September , now includes 20 Long Island students . Two more suspects turn themselves in But if colleges and high schools sit back and regard the Long Island scandal as primarily a security issue to be corrected by better policing , they are failing in their mission . They bear a huge responsibility for the degree to which a high score on a standardized test has become disproportionately important for college admission . The Long Island testing scandal reflects the extent to which high school students across the country are responding to what their teachers and colleges are telling them will bring success . They are acting on the premise that in the race to gain admission to the nation 's most prestigious schools , getting a high score on the ACT or College Board tests is the equivalent of winning the lottery . This obsessive focus is exactly the opposite of the generous ideal that in 1934 led Harvard president James Bryant Conant to pioneer the use of the SAT , Scholastic Aptitude Test , for admission to Harvard . Conant 's aim was to find worthy students in schools across the country who were not part of the elite private school system from which Harvard traditionally drew most of its students . Today , Conant 's approach to the SAT is an anachronism . As Thomas Espenshade and Alexandria Radford show in their study of race and class in college admissions , "  No Longer Separate , Not Yet Equal , " selective colleges give blacks a 310-point bonus and Hispanics a 130-point bonus on the SAT test in order to achieve a measure of diversity . But that practice has not changed colleges ' overall reliance on the SAT test as a guide to admissions . Colleges vie with one another to get the highest testers they can find , and the prestigious U.S. News and World ranking of colleges and universities makes admissions test scores a key factor in its influential rating system . The question colleges and universities need to ask themselves is what can they do to lessen the educational testing equivalent of the old nuclear arms race . The short answer is treat standardized tests , which all too often correlate with income , with greater skepticism . The long answer is for colleges to balance their use of the tests with a more complex look at their applicants than is now common practice . I teach at a college that has completely dropped requiring ACT and SAT tests for admissions . We found the tests revealed more about students ' racial and economic backgrounds than abilities , but I am aware that such a radical departure from the norm is out of the question for most schools -- especially the flagship state universities that are swamped with thousands upon thousands of applications . What is , however , possible for all colleges to do is reduce the weight they give the ACT and SAT tests and thereby reduce students ' obsession with their test scores . There are a number of ways to bring about this change , but two stand out as the most practical . The first step is for colleges to increase the size of their admissions staffs so the staffs can look more closely at prospective students ' writing samples , grades and references . Colleges speak about considering the overall potential of a student , but that is an empty claim when overworked admissions officers are struggling just to keep up with the paperwork they face . For a second step , every college that can afford it should make a commitment to interview as many of its strong applicants as possible . This may mean paying for a campus visit by a future scholarship student or sending admissions staffers on trips across the country , but the effort is worth it . An interview , if conducted skillfully , is difficult to fake . It gives individual students the chance to explain who they are free from coaching by parents or paid college advisers . Such measures do n't guarantee that we will be able to avoid future testing scandals , but their promise is superior to relying solely on the better-policing strategy -- epitomized by the October decision of the College Board , which administers the SAT test , to hire the firm headed by Louis J. Freeh , the former head of the F.B.I. , to investigate its security measures . By expanding the window through which they view applicants , colleges and universities can reduce the incentives anxious students and their parents currently have to game the system . They can even make the whole student the person they pursue .	On Long Island , 20 students have been arrested for cheating on SAT The scandal reflects the tyranny of standardized testing , says Nicolaus Mills Standardized test scores have become overly important for college admission , Mills says Mills : Colleges must balance their use of tests with a more complex look at their applicants
CNN  -- Richard Thompson has had three boxed sets devoted to his music . He 's been the subject of a tribute album . He 's constantly ranked among rock 'n' roll 's greatest guitarists and finest songwriters by both the music press and fellow musicians . Richard Thompson says the focus of his career is his live work . Top 40 hits are "  kind of meaningless , " he said . For all that , the man 's highest-charting U.S. album  1996 's "  You ? Me ? Us ? "  peaked at No. 97 on Billboard 's Top 200 chart , and the number of Top 40 singles he 's had stands at exactly zero . What does a legend have to do to get noticed by the mainstream ? Thompson , 60 , brushes aside such hopes of breakout success . His focus is on live performance , he says in a phone interview . "  I think the focus of what I do is really live work , " he said . "  And I think if you persist in that , then slowly but surely , through word of mouth , the word gets out . And I continue to grow as a live performer . " Still , for those who want a Thompson primer before seeing him live -- he 'll be touring with Loudon Wainwright in the fall -- there 's that third boxed set , "  Walking on a Wire : 1968-2009 "  Shout ! Factory  , which came out recently . The four-disc set compiles some of his best work with his old band Fairport Convention , his ex-wife Linda , and as a solo artist . The amiable Thompson took some time to talk about putting together the new box , remaining outside the fray and what he thinks of "  Rock Band . " The following is an edited version of the interview . CNN : Were you surprised another boxed set was in the offing ? Richard Thompson : This is more of an overview and perhaps a first-time buyers ' introduction kind of thing . It 's a greatest hits . If there were any hits .  chuckles CNN : Does that bother you ? You 've never had , especially in the States , that kind of mainstream , Top 40 success . Thompson : You know , I think that 's kind of meaningless . Certainly in the area in which I exist , I do n't think you need hits , necessarily -- though having said that , it would have been useful . I think the focus of what I do is really live work . And I think if you persist in that , then slowly but surely , through word of mouth , the word gets out . And I continue to grow as a live performer . More and more people come to shows , which is gratifying . I think the albums serve as a signpost , a reference point , but it 's not really the focus . CNN : You 've played professionally for more than 40 years . What were your goals when you started with Fairport ? Thompson : Probably to survive . ... We turned pro when I was 18 . At that age , you do n't really think beyond about three months . So we were delighted and thrilled to be kind of earning a living from what we were doing . I think in the back of our minds , we thought , we 'll do this for a year or two years , and then it 's back to school , back to college and get a real job . And then it lasted for five years , -LSB- though -RSB- I still thought I 'd be going back to school at some point . And then 10 years , 15 -- I 'm still looking over my shoulder occasionally in disbelief that I managed to get away with it this long . It actually turned into a career . CNN : There are these themes -- tightropes , carnivals , the "  Wall of Death " -- that run through your songs . Do you feel like you 're on a tightrope ? Thompson : I think if you 're going to be an artist , you 're really supposed to be on the edge of society . Your positions should , by definition , be precarious . It 's only when you 're out on the rim that you have the best view , that you have the perspective to see what society is . So I suppose I 'm kind of referring to that sort of thing . CNN : It 's a cliched question , but who or what influenced your music ? Thompson : I grew up listening to Scottish music , traditional music , my father 's jazz records and my sister 's rock 'n' roll records . And in my father 's record collection , there were things like French records he brought back from World War II . ... And I listened to other instruments , to do things that people like piano players could do very easily that are quite hard to do on the guitar . So I 've always tried to do some of those syncopated things that pianists do on the guitar . Sometimes you need to take things outside of your field , to push the vocabulary of your instrument . ... The more you know about musical history , the richer your possibilities are . And I think the more you look outside your own field of music , the more you 're going to discover . CNN : A few years ago , Playboy asked a number of people to put together a list of the "  best songs of the past 1,000 years , " and you took them seriously , going back to the 11th century . Were you surprised when they rejected the list ? Thompson : I think they thought I was taking the piss , as we say in England . That I was irreverent . And perhaps I was . CNN : When anthologies of your work are put together , do you listen and say , "  That 's pretty good " or "  I 'd like to do that again " ? Thompson : Usually the latter . I do n't really like listening to my own recordings that much . One of the reasons is , I perform the songs live , and every night things get slightly differently interpreted . And the version you perform tends to grow away form the recorded version with the passage of time ... in your desire to keep your music fresh . So it 's sometimes horrifying -LSB- to listen -RSB- -- why did I do it so slowly ? Or , that 's a really lame version . CNN : The game Rock Band is very popular now , with a Beatles edition coming out . Have you tried to play Rock Band ? Thompson :  laughs  I have n't tried it , no . I have n't had a chance . I think it might be fun . But I hope some of the people who play these games are actually thinking , "  I 've scored so many points in this game , perhaps I should try a real instrument at some point . " So I hope it encourages people to take an interest in music , as opposed to just kind of messing around . ... It 's an extraordinary phenomenon . I 'd love to have a go . CNN : If you had n't managed to fool people over the years , what would you have done ? Thompson : I really do n't know . I think I would have been some kind of dropout . I was such a rebel . ... I 'd probably be one of those people who follows festivals around making hand-tooled leather belts or something , living in a caravan . ... Or a landscape gardener or something . I could probably do that .	Richard Thompson hailed by press , musicians as leading guitarist , songwriter Thompson has had little chart success , prefers live performance anyway Thompson : As artist , it 's "  when you 're out on the rim that you have the best view "
CNN  -- Pirates seized control of a cargo vessel near the Seychelles Thursday , one of two attacks that took place within minutes of each other off the coast of east Africa , according to the European Union Naval Force . The International Maritime Bureau say attacks off the east coast of Africa have increased this year . The EU maritime patrol responded to the early morning attacks , along with the Seychelles Coast Guard . The crew of the Panama-flagged MV Al Khaliq said two pirates had boarded the vessel before communication was cut off with the crew . The EU force confirmed that six pirates have boarded the 180-meter long bulk carrier , with two attack skiffs in tow . They hoisted the "  mother skiff " onto the vessel with a crane , the EU force said . A second attempted hijacking took place at approximately the same time , but the Italian-flagged cargo ship evaded the attack , the EU said . Armed with automatic weapons and rocket-propelled grenades , pirates opened fire on the MV Jolly Rosso about 460 miles  740 km  east of Mombasa , Kenya . A Belgium warship , part of the EU force , responded to the attack , which caused no casualties . The 200-meter MV Jolly Rosso continued its voyage . Pirate attacks off the coast of east Africa have significantly increased this year , according to the International Maritime Bureau , which monitors shipping crimes . But successful attacks have gone down as a result of a strong presence of international monitors . The first nine months of this year has seen more pirate attacks than all of last year , the bureau reported on Wednesday . From January 1 until September 30 , pirates worldwide mounted 306 attacks , compared with 293 in all of 2008 , it said . More than half of this year 's attacks were carried out by suspected Somali pirates off the east coast of Somalia and in the Gulf of Aden , a major shipping route between Yemen and Somalia . Out of those attacks , Somali pirates successfully hijacked 32 vessels and took 533 hostages . Eight others were wounded , four more killed and one is missing , the bureau said . On Monday , pirates hijacked a Chinese merchant ship and its 25-member crew about 630 miles  1,000 km  northeast of Seychelles . The pirates appeared to be heading toward Somalia , the European Union Naval Force said . China plans to make "  every effort to rescue " the crew members , Foreign Ministry spokesman Ma Zhaoxu , told reporters . The bulk carrier De Xin Hai is one of four ships that Somali pirates are holding for ransom with 80 crew members as hostages , the International Maritime Bureau said Wednesday . Maritime authorities say two recent trends have led to a rise in piracy : access and opportunity . As global commerce picks up , more and more of the world 's fuels , minerals and other crucial commodities travel by ship . Ninety-five percent of America 's foreign trade , for instance , moves by water , according to the U.S. Maritime Administration . That cargo is an easy target for robbers in countries that lack the resources to secure their shorelines , such as Somalia . Somalia 's transitional government , which has a tenuous grip on power , has been unable to stop the pirates -- many of whom are based in the country 's port cities . This has prompted Europe and other Western countries to step up maritime patrols . "  In the Gulf of Aden , the number of attacks have gone up . But because of the presence of naval vessels , the success rate of the pirates have decreased , " said Cyrus Mody , manager of the International Maritime Bureau . "  The navies are responding very very effectively . " Piracy accelerated after the fall of the Somali government in the early 1990s and began to flourish after shipping companies started paying ransoms . Those payments started out being in the tens of thousands of dollars and have since climbed into the millions . With the ransoms they collect , pirates can earn up to $ 40,000 a year , analysts say . That 's a fortune for someone from an impoverished country . Some analysts say companies are simply making the problem worse by paying the piracies . "  Yes , the ransoms have probably caused the piracy to become a bit more rampant . But at the same time , from the owner 's point of view , there is no other way currently to secure the safe release of the vessel along with the crew and the cargo , " Mody said . "  It 's basically a cycle . " CNN 's Saeed Ahmed contributed to this report	Pirates have taken control of cargo vessel near the Seychelles off east cost of Africa European Union Naval Force say six pirates boarded 180-meter long carrier A second attempted hijacking took place at approximately the same time Pirate attacks off east African coast have increased this year
CNN  -- San Francisco Giants pitcher Matt Cain threw a perfect game Wednesday night in a 10-0 victory against the Houston Astros , the first pitcher to achieve that feat in Giants history . "  This is unbelievable , " Cain told reporters after the game . "  This is part of history . Something I am going to remember forever and ever . " Cain 's perfect game is the 22nd in Major League Baseball history and he accomplished it with style , striking out 14 batters . Cain is the second pitcher this year to pitch a perfect game ; Chicago White Sox right-hander Philip Humber also threw a perfect game on April 21 . SI : Cain 's perfect game much more than just latest pitching gem The early part of the game featured little drama as Cain dominated Astros hitters , and did not come close to giving up a hit . But in the seventh inning , Giants outfielder Gregor Blanco saved the perfect game by chasing down a screaming drive hit by the Astros Jordan Schafer and making a diving catch on the warning track . The dazzling catch also put Blanco in the spotlight as his name was trending on Twitter nationwide along with Matt Cain 's some 20 minutes after the game . Cain 's feat comes the same night that New York Mets pitcher R.A. Dickey narrowly missed a no hitter . Dickey held the Tampa Bay Rays to only one infield hit Wednesday night , and did not walk a batter . There have now been five no hitters this year . Along with Cain and Humber , Jered Weaver , Johan Santana and a crew of Seattle Mariners also pitched games without allowing a hit . The win improved Cain 's record to 8-2 for the season and dropped his earned run average of 2.18 . White Sox pitcher Humber throws first perfect game	Cain strikes out 14 batters during the game This is the second perfect game this year "  This is unbelieveable , " Cain says
LONDON , England  CNN  -- If climate change were a small house fire , current policy in the European Union and the United Kingdom would ensure that it would destroy not just the house but the entire suburb . Author of "  Carbon Scenarios " compares global warming to a house fire that the world is currently failing to contain . That 's the grim analogy offered by Paul Domjan , author of a new report , "  Carbon Scenarios : Blue sky thinking for a green future " , by the Stockholm Network , a London-based pan-European think tank . The report explores three scenarios on climate change , none of which leads to what 's defined by the EU and UK as a ` successful outcome ' ; a greater than 90 percent chance of temperatures rising by no more than two degrees above pre-industrial levels . "  We have failed , " Domjan says , adding , "  We will not prevent two degrees of warming . " Continuing the house fire analogy he says , "  The less than two degree scenario is a fire you can put out . With less than three degrees it spreads to other rooms but you can still put it out . " He says global policy of the past ten years looks more like the third -- and worst -- scenario explored by the Carbon Scenarios report -- the one dubbed "  Agree and Ignore . " In that case , "  your house is unrecognizably destroyed . The positive feedback cycle is n't contained . Your house catches fire , your neighbor 's catches fire ... " And so on . Domjan blames the failure of the current climate change policy on the constant stream of compromises by world leaders designed to keep the Kyoto agreement intact . "  This dynamic of making lots of small compromises in order to keep the agreement in place has led to a situation where the agreement has lost a lot of its teeth . " He points to Canada as an example , a signatory to the Kyoto agreement which has "  done nothing " to implement it . "  During the time it 's been a signatory it 's been developing massive coal sands projects which are the most polluting way of producing gas and oil in the world , " he says . "  There 's a great international censure against the U.S. for not ratifying Kyoto but nothing has been said about Canada . " "  The coal sands are using so much natural gas and electricity they could have an entire nuclear facility just for themselves . " The three alternative futures explored in the Carbon Scenarios report include "  Kyoto Plus , " "  Agree and Ignore " and "  Step Change . " "  Kyoto Plus " envisages a gradual transition to a global cap on carbon emissions by 2012 . Domjan calls it a "  largely successful scenario " where there 's a greater than 90 percent chance of global average temperatures rising more than 3.31 degrees above pre-industrial levels by 2100 . "  That 's not a disaster . It 's still a world that 's recognizable , " he says . The second scenario -- "  Agree and Ignore " -- predicts efforts to reduce carbon emissions will "  stall and backslide " leading to "  competitive regionalism . " There would be a greater than 90 percent chance of global average temperatures rising no more than 4.8 degrees above pre-industrial levels by 2100 . From that point , temperatures would continue to rise into the next century . The third scenario -- "  Step Change " -- imagines a radical shift in global policy direction . World leaders would introduce a system of global carbon caps , giving them greater than 90 percent chance of limiting the rise in global average temperatures to 2.85 degrees above pre-industrial levels by 2100 . Of the three scenarios , "  Step Change " is the one Domjan personally prefers but the one he concedes is unlikely to happen . "  Our proposal -LSB- for a global upstream cap -RSB- is similar to but not identical to the proposal from the Kyoto 2 project , " he says . "  It 's a line of thinking that 's been around for a while that will provide a healthy alternative to emissions trading . " Under the scheme , the United Nations would impose an annual cap on the amount of carbon that could be produced from fossil fuels . Natural resource companies would have to apply and pay for permits to produce carbon . Compliance would be determined at key points , for example , coal washing stations . "  The problem is how do you get the political impetus to have a big international change like that and for people to accept that this is genuinely going to be dealt with at an international level , " Domjan asks . The "  Step Change " scenario supposes that the impetus comes through a threat to U.S. and Chinese economic security . Under the scenario , climate change threatens Sino-U.S. . trade relations so the two combine to lead and enforce global change . "  Our current approach to climate change is moving at the pace of the slowest country , " Domjan says , adding , "  Here they say we 're going to move as quickly as possible and then force others to catch up . " Under that scenario , the need to purchase carbon production permits would push record oil prices even higher as energy companies pass on the cost to consumers . Domjan is confident the global economy could cope -- it 's adapted to higher energy prices so far and is likely to prove equally resilient in the future . And the extra cost of fuel , rather going to producers , would be held in a fund controlled by the United Nations . It would be used to help developing nations to use fewer fossil fuels , to support new research and development , to compensate oil producers for the carbon they 're not producing , and to establish an emergency fund to deal with the consequences of climate change . Domjan acknowledges that world leaders are unlikely to use the report as the basis for a new global policy , but he hopes they at least take away two key points : "  Whenever possible regulate at the point where there are fewest participants -LSB- and -RSB- we need to make sure there 's a clear price signal so the market can distribute energy efficiently . "	Carbon Scenarios report says EU , UK global warming targets "  unrealistic " Report 's author : "  We have failed . We will not prevent two degrees of warming " Document explores three scenarios for global warming under different policies Proposes radical shift in policy to introduce global carbon caps and permits
CNN  -- Tiger Woods tied Jack Nicklaus on 73 PGA Tour victories after sinking a sensational chip from off the green late in the final round of the Memorial Tournament on Sunday . The former world No. 1 was congratulated by the legendary "  Golden Bear " after completing a five-under-par 67 which gave Woods a two-shot victory . Nicklaus , who founded the Ohio tournament and designed its Muirfield Village course , said the 36-year-old 's chip from the rough at the par-three 16th hole was "  the gutsiest and best shot I 've ever seen in my life . " Woods ' second victory this year left them second equal in the all-time PGA list , nine behind the late Sam Snead . Late lapses cost Tiger at Memorial "  I 've been very proud of what I 've done so far and I feel like I 've got a lot of years ahead of me , " said Woods , who raised his hopes of a first major win since 2008 at this month 's U.S. Open at San Francisco 's Olympic Club . He has 14 already -- four behind Nicklaus ' record total . "  I 'm excited , because I 'm hitting the golf ball real well -- and at Olympic the people who have done well there have hit the ball well , " Woods said . While Woods ended a 30-month wait for a PGA Tour title at the Arnold Palmer Invitational in March , he then struggled to maintain that form as he finished 40th at the Masters , missed the cut at Quail Hollow and then tied for 40th at the Players Championship . He has had to defend himself from criticism over the work he is doing with coach Sean Foley to rebuild his swing , but if Woods needs evidence of a turning point in his fortunes then he will look no further than the 16th hole at Muirfield . Having hit his tee shot into the deep rough , he took aim with a wedge . As the gathered spectators inevitably cried "  Get in the hole ! " the ball did just that -- and Woods exploded with trademark fist pumping that was once a regular sight on the golf circuit before marital problems and injuries took their toll on his fortunes . McIlroy seeks solution , Tiger finds one "  I knew if I hit it short it would have been down and left , if I hit it long it was in the water , " Woods said of his chip . "  The lie was n't all that great , that was the hard part . I had to take a cut at it , and it came out just perfect . " He trailed leader Spencer Levin by four shots going into the final round , but four birdies in his first seven holes kept him in contention -- and three in the last four gave him his fifth victory at the event and first since 2009 . Read more at Golf.com Photo gallery of the day 's golf Woods ' 67 was the equal best round of the day , matching that of Argentina 's Andres Romero -- who tied for second with South Africa 's Rory Sabbatini . Levin , still seeking his first PGA Tour win , carded 75 to tie for fourth with compatriot Daniel Summerhays  69  .	Tiger Woods wins his 73rd PGA Tour title at the Memorial Tournament on Sunday American golfer matches the event 's founder Jack Nicklaus with two-shot victory Woods came from four shots off the lead at the start of the final round He is seeking his 15th major title at this month 's U.S. Open
Rutgers University fired head basketball coach Mike Rice on Wednesday after ESPN broadcast a video showing him physically and verbally abusing players . The video , which ESPN said features excerpts of practice sessions shot between 2010 and 2012 , initially had earned Rice a three-game suspension , a $ 75,000 fine and a ticket to anger management classes . "  You f**king fairy ... you 're a f**king fa ** ot , " Rice appears to say during one session depicted on the video , which also shows him shoving and throwing basketballs at players . Under pressure from incensed state officials to take stronger action , Athletic Director Tim Pernetti said Wednesday that he had made a mistake in favoring suspension . "  I am responsible for the decision to attempt a rehabilitation of Coach Rice , " Pernetti said in a written statement . "  Dismissal and corrective action were debated in December and I thought it was in the best interest of everyone to rehabilitate , but I was wrong . Moving forward , I will work to regain the trust of the Rutgers community . " Opinion : Rutgers coach and sports ' bully culture Gov. Chris Christie , who a spokesman had said was "  deeply disturbed " by the video , said Wednesday he supports Rice 's firing . "  This was a regrettable episode for the university , but I completely support the decision to remove Coach Rice . It was the right and necessary action to take in light of the conduct displayed on the videotape , " he said . Rutgers President Robert L. Barchi said he had agreed last year with an outside investigator 's recommendation that Rice be suspended , fined and sent to anger management classes . Barchi , who apparently did not review the video at the time , said he concluded Tuesday after viewing it that it showed a "  chronic and pervasive pattern of disturbing behavior . " "  I have now reached the conclusion that Coach Rice can not continue to serve effectively in a position that demands the highest levels of leadership , responsibility and public accountability , " Barchi said . "  He can not continue to coach at Rutgers University . " Rice said Wednesday after he was fired that "  there 's no explanation for what 's on those videos because there 's no excuse for it , " according to CNN affiliate WABC . "  I ca n't say anything right now except I 'm sorry , and there will never be a time where I 'm going to use any of that as an excuse or will there be any excuse , " he said , according to the station . "  I 've let so many people down , my players , my administration , Rutgers University , the fans , my family -- who 's sitting in their house , just huddled around because of the fact that their father was an embarrassment to them . " Coach is seen and heard abusing team ` Total shock ' ESPN got the video from former NBA player Eric Murdock , the team 's former player development director . He told the network the school fired him for blowing the whistle on Rice . The school says he was let go for "  insubordinate conduct " unrelated to the video , according to ESPN . In the video , Rice is shown several times throwing basketballs at flinching players , shoving one in the back , kicking at another . He frequently berates players in the clips . "  To see your coach physically putting his hands on players , physically kicking players , firing balls at players from point-blank range , the verbal abuse , the belittling , I was in total shock that this guy was n't fired , immediately on the spot , " Murdock told ESPN . But Frank Mitchell , who played at Rutgers under Rice , told CNN what 's in the video was n't the norm at practices . "  From time to time , there 's some instances of throwing balls or physically making contact with players , but it only occurred from time to time , it was n't an everyday type thing , " he told CNN . "  Obviously , the video shows it happened , but they were isolated incidents . They were n't back to back . " What we can learn from Rutgers ' former coach ` Not acceptable ' Efforts by CNN to reach Rice and Pernetti on Wednesday were unsuccessful . But Pernetti previously told CNN affiliate News 12 New Jersey that Rice 's conduct was "  unacceptable and is not to the Rutgers standard . " "  That 's why we handed out the significant amount of suspension that we did and all the things that came along with that , " he said . "  I think it will affect Mike Rice wherever he goes , " Pernetti told the station Tuesday . "  It certainly affects his tenure . We 're trying to do everything we can to support him . But we also had to penalize him within the process too because there are certain words that are said and actions that are taken that are not acceptable no matter who you are and where you work and certainly not Rutgers . " Students interviewed Wednesday were pleased by Rice 's firing . The abuse "  should have never happened , " junior Ariana Blake told CNN . "  That guy should have been gone the first month . It just does n't look good for Rutgers . " "  I 'm surprised he kept his job for what , it 's like five months after the video was released , " junior Vincent Spatola said . On Twitter , the decision to fire Rice also seemed widely regarded as too little , too late . "  I always find it really admirable when someone can do the right thing when everyone is looking , " Twitter user @adamcox wrote . "  My question is why was n't he dismissed last year , " wrote @TheQueez . Similar incident The video recalled the 2000 sacking of legendary Indiana basketball coach Bobby Knight in the aftermath of a videotaped incident in which he put his hand to the throat of a player . While it was another incident that finally led to Knight 's firing , it was the videotaped 1997 incident that prompted strict limits on the coach 's frequent physical and verbal outbursts and set the stage for Indiana to let him go . It also sparked discussion about how far coaches should go to motivate players , what message such behavior sends to young athletes and how widespread such behavior is in locker rooms and practice facilities . "  Homophobic slurs ? The sensitivity of people these days is amazing , " one commenter wrote on CNN.com . But the majority of commenters appeared to be aligned against the coach . Many called Rice a bully . "  If you did this to your OWN child the state would take them from you ! " another commenter wrote . "  What I think is stark here is how we can be surprised , at this point , by this , " former NBA player John Amaechi said on CNN 's "  Starting Point " Wednesday . "  You can walk on any sideline almost anywhere in America or Britain , on any given weekend , and see similar behaviors . " Amaechi , a former NBA player who acknowledged he was gay in a 2007 book , called such conduct abusive , and said Rice should be fired . "  There is no context in the universe where that kind of behavior is acceptable . It 's physical and verbal abuse . It 's psychological and emotional abuse , " he said . "  He should not be allowed near anybody . I mean forget sports , there is no context where his management style is appropriate . " But , he said , such demeaning language is not uncommon in sports . Nor is a coach like Rice rare , Amaechi said . "  He 's just rarely exposed , " he said . Rice had just ended his third year as the Scarlet Knights ' coach with a record of 44-51 , and was under contract through the 2014-2015 season . He came to Rutgers from Robert Morris University , where he had a 73-31 record , taking the team to the NCAA basketball tournament twice . Rice 's official school bio -- which has since been taken down -- lauded the academic success of his players and credited him for working extensively with cancer and children 's charities . The biography also noted "  a relentless style that has become his trademark . " His 2012 salary was $ 655,470.55 , including $ 300,000 in base pay , according to News 12 New Jersey , which cited public records .	Students say the coach 's firing was overdue "  No excuse , " Rutgers basketball coach tells CNN affiliate WABC after the firing . Video broadcast Tuesday on ESPN shows Rice shoving , berating players Rice uses homophobic slurs in the video provided by a former team employee
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- The video is deeply disturbing . Experts attribute long emergency rorom waits mostly to situations no one can control . In it , former CNN Headline News anchor Glenn Beck describes going to the emergency room in intense pain -- so overwhelming , he wept . He says that for two hours , no one gave him pain medication . In fact , he says , no one lifted a finger to help him at all for 40 minutes . Beck says his wife literally held him up in the emergency room , while nurses looked on and chatted about their holidays . He does not identify the hospital . "  I 'm in massive , massive pain , " Beck writes on his Web site . "  This guy , this triage nurse , is 250 , 300 pounds , big guy . Not only does he not go to help my wife help me up , he actually had the audacity to stand there and drum his fingers against the door and look at us like , come on , come on , come on . " Watch the video of Glenn Beck on his sickbed " The video , which has had more than 800,000 hits on YouTube , brings to mind the case of Edith Rodriguez . Last year , she was on the floor of a Los Angeles hospital emergency room vomiting blood , and witnesses say no one did anything to help her . Her boyfriend actually called 911 , which refused to help since she was already in a hospital . Rodriguez died in the emergency room . These cases , while unusual , certainly happen , say emergency room doctors . "  There are truly situations where it 's so busy there are sick patients who are waiting . I will admit that , " says Dr. Assaad Sayah , who runs three emergency rooms for Cambridge Health Alliance in the Boston , Massachusetts , area . "  Ridiculously long wait times are a huge issue , " says Dr. David Beiser , an emergency medicine physician at the University of Chicago Medical Center . "  Recently we 've had over 40 patients in our waiting room . When I was in training -LSB- five years ago -RSB- , it was rare to see more than 20 patients in our waiting room . " Donna Mason , an emergency room nurse for 33 years , says sometimes , she 'd have 75 patients waiting for 54 beds -- and she knew very sick patients were in the waiting room needing care . "  The greatest fear of every doctor or nurse is that -LSB- a situation like Beck 's -RSB- is going to happen in our emergency department , " says Mason , the immediate past president of the Emergency Nurses Association . Released this week , a Harvard University analysis of more than 90,000 U.S. emergency room visits found that one in four heart-attack patients waited 50 minutes or more to be seen by a physician in an emergency room . These experts attributed long waits mostly to situations no one could control -- too many patients and too few beds . But they also acknowledged that ERs could be better organized . Sayah said reorganizing his ERs has led to dramatic decreases in waiting time . "  Beck would 've been in a bed in less than two minutes in my hospitals , " he says . Waiting times are longer for patients who are n't very sick , but even for them , it 's better than it used to be . "  The average time from door to physician used to be about an hour . Now it 's 21 minutes , " Sayah said . His staff -- especially those who greet patients -- receive customer service training . "  It 's just like the training they give in restaurants or entertainment places -- it 's how to be pleasant to people , " he says . But what if you find yourself in an emergency room that has long waits and nasty employees ? Mason and the emergency room doctors have this advice about what not to do while navigating the ER : 1 . Do n't forget to call your doctor on the way to the ER When ER doctors hear from a fellow physician , they listen , says Beiser at the University of Chicago . "  They 'll talk to me professionally and put a bug in my ear , " he says . "  This guy will now be on my radar screen . " 2 . Do n't use an ambulance unless you really need it "  There 's a myth out there that if you arrive in an ambulance , you 'll go straight back to the doctor , " Mason says . "  But it 's not true . If we can see that you can walk , you may get asked to get off that gurney and go to the waiting room . " 3 . Do n't be quiet If the triage nurse -- that 's who makes the decisions about who needs care first -- is n't helping you , do n't stop there , says Sayah . "  Speak up . Say , ' I need to see the person in charge , ' " he says . 4 . Do n't get angry , and do n't lie While it 's important to make yourself heard , it 's also important to use basic etiquette . "  We 're all human , and usually when people are nice to us , we 're nicer back to them , " Sayah says . Lying about your symptoms -- making them seem worse than they really are in hopes of getting attention faster -- can backfire , says Dr. William Bozeman , an emergency room doctor at Wake Forest University Baptist Medical Center in Winston-Salem , North Carolina . "  We have people saying they have crushing sub-sternal chest pain , that they 're having a heart attack , when in reality they 're trying to get Vicodin for chronic back pain , " he says . When the staff figures it out , "  They may not be very pleased at all and may not treat you nicely . " 5 . Do n't forget the phone If things get really bad , and no one is helping you , look for a house phone , dial zero , and ask for the hospital administrator on call , Sayah says . "  Even the smallest hospitals have a hospital administrator or a patient advocate on call 24/7 , " he says . "  Hospital administrators do n't want to hear patients are unhappy . Their job is to break the hurdles and move forward . " Elizabeth Cohen is a correspondent for CNN Medical News . Senior producer Jennifer Pifer contributed to this report .	Experts : Call your doctor on the way to the emergency room Do n't call an ambulance unless you absolutely need it Try to be polite to the ER personnel , and do n't lie or misrepresent anything As a last resort , call the hospital administrator on call
Washington  CNN  -- -LSB- Breaking news alert , 8:41 a.m. ET -RSB- Al Qaeda is linked to a terror threat that has prompted the State Department to direct its embassies in key Middle East nations , including Egypt and Israel , to close Sunday , U.S. Rep. Ed Royce , R-California , told CNN 's "  New Day " Friday . "  It 's my understanding that it is al Qaeda linked , alright , and the threat emanates in the Middle East and in Central Asia . " -LSB- Previously published story , 8:56 p.m. ET -RSB- A terror threat prompted the State Department on Thursday to direct its embassies in key Middle East nations , including Egypt and Israel , to close on Sunday with the possibility they could remain idle longer . A U.S. official not authorized to speak publicly on the matter called the threat "  credible and serious . " It was "  directed at American targets overseas , " but may not be confined to main diplomatic facilities , the official said . In addition to Egypt and Israel , the State Department action includes diplomatic facilities in Saudi Arabia , Libya , Iraq and Kuwait , according to the agency and Twitter postings . A senior State Department official said the agency has told those embassies that normally would be beginning the work week on Sunday to close , but additional days could be added . Diplomatic facilities in the region are for the most part closed or operate with minimal staff on Fridays and Saturdays . Separately , another U.S. official told CNN that the Obama administration is monitoring threats against the embassy in Sanaa , Yemen . The official did not say whether the embassy would close . President Barack Obama met with Yemen President Abdo Rabu Mansour Hadi at the White House on Thursday . Yemen has been cracking down on al Qaeda . A U.S. official earlier told CNN the embassy closures were because of "  more than the usual chatter " about a potential terrorist threat , which was not specific about time and location . Officials said the time frame comes with the approaching end of Ramadan and the one-year anniversary of the terror attack on the U.S. diplomatic compound in Benghazi , Libya , that killed four Americans , including Ambassador Christopher Stevens . State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf said the agency was taking the steps at diplomatic sites out of an abundance of caution . Read more : CNN found embassy attack suspect before FBI The U.S. Embassy in Cairo noted on its website media reports of possible marches or demonstrations on Friday and possibly throughout the weekend .	Overseas threat said to be "  credible and serious " Embassies in Egypt , Libya , Israel and Iraq among those closed on Sunday State Department said closure orders a precaution Action occurs amid approaching end of Ramadan , anniversary of Benghazi attack
Tokyo  CNN  -- Japan 's Health Ministry reported Tuesday finding radioactive materials at levels "  drastically exceeding legal limits " in 11 types of vegetable grown in Fukushima Prefecture , including broccoli and cabbage , according to Kyodo News Agency . None of the vegetables has been shipped since Monday , it said . The news agency , citing the ministry , said , "  If a person eats 100 grams  31/2 ounces  of the vegetable with the largest detected amount of radioactive materials for about 10 days , it would be equal to ingesting half the amount of radiation a person typically receives from the natural environment in a year . "  If a person keeps eating the vegetable at the same pace , the amount of radiation intake could exceed the amount deemed safe . " Prime Minister Naoto Kan asked Ibaraki Prefecture -- near the stricken Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant -- to suspend shipments of raw milk and parsley , Chief Cabinet Secretary Yukio Edano told reporters Wednesday . And the government of Fukushima Prefecture told residents not to eat leafy vegetables , he added . "  Even if you do eat these food items now , it 's not going to cause any human health problems right away , and these levels are not high , so it would not cause any health problems over the longer term , " he said . But , as the radiation levels continue to rise , "  we are looking at the possibility of levels reaching levels that may harm human health , " he said . A spokeswoman for the U.S. Food and Drug Administration on Tuesday said it has issued an import alert covering milk , milk products , fresh vegetables and fruit from any of four prefectures near the Japanese reactors -- Fukushima , Ibaraki , Tochigi and Gunma . Under the alert , those products will be prevented from entering the United States . Other food products from one of those prefectures will be diverted for testing , she said . But the Environmental Protection Agency said its air monitors -- three in California and one in Washington -- have detected levels of radiation that were "  millions of times below levels of concern . " Meanwhile , the process of getting Americans out of the stricken region continued Tuesday . Seven charter flights left Japan Tuesday carrying about 1,800 military dependents voluntarily evacuating from Atsugi Naval Air Facility , Yokoda Air Base and Mesawa Air Base . Some of the flights were bound for Seattle-Tacoma International Airport and the rest to Travis Air Force Base in California . As the Navy continues to distribute potassium iodide to personnel , the service is instructing sailors who have come within 100 miles of the damaged reactor to take the pills , said Cmdr. Danny Hernandez . That recommendation clashes with one issued Monday by the State Department , which said it was making available supplies of the pills to U.S. government-related personnel in Japan , but that the distribution was being carried out only as a precaution . "  No one should take KI at this time , " it said , referring to the salt by its chemical formula . The State Department did not immediately return a call seeking an explanation for the divergent recommendations . The salt protects the thyroid gland from radioactive iodine but can result in side effects , especially among people with allergies to iodine and shellfish and those who have kidney disease , certain skin disorders and thyroid problems , according to the Johns Hopkins Office of Critical Event Preparedness and Response . The National Police Agency reported Tuesday that the disaster has killed at least 9,301 people and left at least 13,786 missing , many of them killed when a wall of water swept over them after the quake . Another 2,722 were injured . Workers at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant have been checked for radiation levels . TV Asahi aired what it said were the first interviews with workers , which were conducted Tuesday from Iwaki City in Fukushima Prefecture , where they have been billeted . "  It has settled down quite a lot compared to the beginning and we could even begin to see a bright hope that maybe it would somehow work out in a little bit , " said one man . "  We are constantly switching over all the time , since the work can not be stopped , " said another . Neither man was identified by name . As for the plant 's six reactors , Nuclear and Industrial Safety Agency official Hidehiko Nishiyama said Wednesday that power had been connected to reactor No. 1 and fire trucks were being used to inject seawater into the core to cool it . The International Atomic Energy Agency reported Tuesday that coolant in the unit was covering only about half of the fuel rods in reactor Nos. , 1 , 2 and 3 and that Japanese officials believe their cores have been damaged . In the No. 2 reactor , power had not been restored , but the core was stable and workers were continuing to inject seawater into the spent-fuel storage pool , he said . The IAEA said that , after an explosion March 15 , officials expressed concern that the containment vessel may no longer be intact . In the No. 3 reactor , electricity has been restored to the central control room and the Tokyo Fire Department was expected to start spraying water into the spent-fuel storage pool beginning at 4 p.m. Wednesday , Nishiyama said . The No. 3 reactor has been a priority for authorities trying to contain damage to the plant and stave off a possible meltdown . Its fuel includes plutonium mixed with the uranium in its fuel rods , which experts say could cause more harm than regular uranium fuels in the event of a meltdown . In the No. 4 reactor , power was connected to the control board ; because the reactor has no fuel rods , the focus was on continuing spraying rods in the spent-fuel pool , he said . Power has also been connected to the No. 5 and No. 6 reactors , he said . Officials say some radiation has been released from the crippled plant since the quake and tsunami . And with the nuclear plant 's six reactors in various states of disrepair , concerns have mounted over a potentially larger release of radioactive material from the facility , located about 240 kilometers  150 miles  north of Tokyo . Restoration of power may not solve the cooling problems . TEPCO said Monday the quake and tsunami had damaged pumps and other gear at units No. 1 through No. 4 . The company said spare parts were being brought in to make the repairs . The coolant pools contain used fuel rods that are radioactive and generate heat . Authorities have been working to keep the pools full to prevent the rods from being exposed and releasing radiation . About 660 workers were at the site Tuesday , TEPCO said . About 330 of those were employees of the power company . Several countries , including the United States , have urged citizens living within 80 kilometers  50 miles  of the plant to evacuate or stay indoors . CNN 's Matt Smith , Larry Shaughnessy and Whitney Hurst contributed to this report .	NEW : Eating contaminated food "  is not going to cause any health problems " long term EPA finds levels in the United States "  millions of times below levels of concern " "  It has settled down a lot , " says a worker Health Ministry cites 11 types of vegetables as exceeding legal limits
CNN  Throngs of mourners gathered in Mecca early Friday just hours after Saudi Arabia 's King Abdullah bin Abdulaziz al Saud died . He was 90 . Prince Salman bin Abdulaziz was appointed as the new king , state television reported . The announcement of Abdullah 's death comes several weeks after the state-run Saudi Press Agency said he was suffering from pneumonia and had been admitted to the hospital . Services will be held Friday afternoon at the Imam Turki Bin Abdullah Grand Mosque in Riyadh , and many world leaders are likely to pay their respects . Jordan 's King Abdullah cut short his visit to Davos , and is heading to Riyadh , according to a Jordanian government source . "  King Abdullah 's life spanned from before the birth of modern Saudi Arabia through its emergence as a critical force within the global economy and a leader among Arab and Islamic nations , " U.S. President Barack Obama said in a statement . He praised Abdullah 's role in sponsoring the Arab Peace Initiative , which attempts to solve the long-simmering conflict between Israel and Palestine . "  This is a sad day . The United States has lost a friend , and the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia , the Middle East , and the world has lost a revered leader , " U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said in a statement . "  He was so proud of the Kingdom 's journey , a brave partner in fighting violent extremism who proved just as important as a proponent of peace . " King Abdullah became king of the oil-rich nation , a key U.S. ally in the Middle East , in August 2005 . But he had been running Saudi Arabia since 1996 , after his half-brother King Fahd 's stroke . In the context of the kingdom 's conservative circles , Abdullah was seen as reformer and often came up against the more hard-line clerics . Since ascending to the throne , Abdullah took steps toward broader freedoms and invested some of the country 's vast oil wealth in large-scale education and infrastructure projects . "  He was really quite  an  extraordinary figure . He was probably the most progressive and liberal minded king of Saudi Arabia since King Faisal , which is a long time ago , in the early 1970s , " CNN 's Fareed Zakaria said about Abdullah , who he described as "  much loved . " "  I had the opportunity to meet with him once and what you got a sense of was somebody who really was determined to move his country forward , " Zakaria said . "  It 's a conservative country and a conservative society -- and he kept emphasizing that to me -- but he was very clear in the direction he wanted to go . " However , resistance from conservative factions hindered some of his efforts , leaving many women in particular disappointed by a lack of progress toward greater independence . Under Abdullah 's leadership , the country slowly squashed al Qaeda , capturing or killing its leaders in the kingdom , forcing the remnants underground and sidelining radical preachers . It also took a more prominent role in international affairs . Last year , it became the lead Arab nation in a U.S.-led coalition to eradicate the ultraradical ISIS group in Iraq and Syria . Analysts are predicting a smooth political transition despite the many challenges facing Saudi Arabia , including Iran , the rise of ISIS , the crisis in Yemen , and the drop in oil prices . Saudi Arabia has 16 % of the world 's known oil reserves , according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration . The country is widely seen as the leader of OPEC and has a large influence on energy prices and political stability in the Middle East . "  Remember , the last time the price of oil fell like this , the Soviet Union collapsed , " said Zakaria . "  That said , the successor is a very competent man . " He added : "  I do n't expect any major shift , but it marks a big change , and we 'll have to see what the new king is like . " People we 've lost in 2015 CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark and Salma Abdelaziz contributed to this report .	The funeral for King Abdullah will be held Friday Analysts are predicting a smooth political transition The next king will be Prince Salman bin Abdulaziz , state TV reports
Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia  CNN  -- Raw satellite data about missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 will be released Tuesday , a Malaysian official said Monday . Malaysian acting Transport Minister Hishammuddin Hussein made the comments about the data from satellite company Inmarsat as he toured a newly constructed terminal at Kuala Lumpur International Airport . Families of the passengers on board the plane , which disappeared in March over Southeast Asia while carrying 239 people , have been demanding that the raw data be made public . The fate of the plane and those on board has become one of the great aviation mysteries of modern times . Inmarsat , the company whose satellites communicated with the missing plane in its last hours , had said it did n't have the authority to release the data . But last week , Inmarsat and Malaysian authorities said they were trying to make the raw data accessible . "  In line with our commitment towards greater transparency , all parties are working for the release of the data communication logs and the technical description of the analysis for public consumption , " Inmarsat and the Malaysian aviation officials said in a joint statement . Publication of the raw satellite data could allow for independent analysis of what happened on March 8 , the day the Boeing 777 veered sharply off its planned route from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing and dropped off radar screens . Analysts have said the data could help discount some theories about what happened to the jetliner , and potentially fuel new ones . Malaysia and Australia , the two countries at the forefront of the search , have said that an analysis by international experts of all the available information -- including the satellite data -- leads them to conclude that the plane ended up in the southern Indian Ocean . But months of searching above and below the surface of the ocean has so far failed to find any physical trace of the missing passenger jet . CNN 's Saima Mohsin and Mitra Mobasherat reported from Kuala Lumpur , and Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong .	Malaysian acting transport minister says the Inmarsat data will be made public Families of passengers on the missing flight have called for its release No physical trace has been found of the passenger jet or the people it was carrying
The sights at the Gaza zoo could n't be sadder . In a tiny cage , a baboon sits , picking seeds off the floor , desperately eating whatever he can find . Next to the baboon , the carcass of his mate and five offspring lay in the pen , decomposing in the August heat . "  Eight to 10 monkeys were killed , " says Abu Sameer , the zoo 's chief veterinarian . "  Also a peacock , a gazelle , a lion , and a fox . " The carcasses of dead animals , mostly monkeys , lay scattered across the scorched grass between the pens . In one of the cages , a dead peacock lays in front of two hungry lions . In another , a crocodile lounges in the hot sun ; there is almost no water in the enclosure , which also holds a pelican and a duck . The zoo , part of the Al-Bisan recreational park in Jabalya , northern Gaza , was hit multiple times during the recent conflict between Israel and Hamas militants . Many of the animals seem weak and traumatized . Staff members say that on top of the injuries some of the animals sustained during the violence , many also have not eaten in days because the zoo lacks funds to buy food , and they 're getting virtually no assistance . "  The situation is very bad , " said Sameer . "  We ca n't get the animals out to clean the cages . Many of them are getting sick because they are weak and it is dirty . But we do n't have any alternative places . " The situation is most dire for the lions , according to Sameer . One was killed during the conflict and three remain in the zoo . Sameer says he does not have the funds to buy them the meat they need . "  They have not eaten for 10 to 15 days , " he said . "  We could not reach them during the fighting . When it got calmer at least we could bring them some water . " To help , at least a little , the CNN crew bought six chickens at the local market for the zoo 's staff to feed to the lions . It was clear to see how hungry the lions were . They ran toward the edge of the cage and began roaring the moment they saw us approaching with the dead chickens . Once we handed them over , they would take turns -- one lion would eat while the other kept an eye on us . When we got too close to the cage , the lions would charge and roar again , warning us to back off . Al-Bisan Park is run by Hamas , the Palestinian militant group that governs Gaza and is considered a terrorist organization by the United States , the European Union and Israel . Built in 2008 , it was supposed to be a tourist attraction for Gazans . It includes a soccer field , an amusement park with carousels , and several buildings , most of which were flattened by airstrikes during the recent conflict . An Israeli military spokesman told CNN that there is an investigation under way into allegations the zoo had been hit by airstrikes , and said he could not go into more detail due to legal reasons . But CNN understands from Israeli sources that the military believes there may have been a number of Hamas rocket launchers in the area of the zoo , and that the zoo might have suffered collateral damage in strikes targeting those rocket launchers . Hamas says the park is in a civilian area , but our crew did see several charred and mangled metal cases that looked like destroyed rocket batteries . The zoo staff says its main task for now is saving the lives of the animals . "  The first step has to be providing food , " says vet Abu Sameer . "  Then we must rebuild the place and make it suitable for them to live in again . " But with more than 2,000 people killed and many homes destroyed in the recent fighting , most people in Gaza and the international community have more pressing problems than the plight of zoo animals . In the meantime , the lions , crocodiles , monkeys and birds who survived the hostilities at the zoo now face the danger of succumbing to hunger and disease in the aftermath of this man-made war .	Zoo in Gaza nearly destroyed during recent Israel-Hamas conflict Many of the zoo 's animals were killed -- and the survivors are struggling from lack of food and water CNN understands the Israeli military believes Hamas may have had rocket launchers in vicinity of zoo Hamas says the park is a civilian area , but CNN crew saw metal cases that looked like destroyed rocket batteries
CNN  -- Now in its 37th year , the Glastonbury festival has built a reputation as the mother of all music festivals , with the biggest names in rock music gladly accepting invitations to play the Pyramid stage year after year . Yet for all their combined wealth and fame , it is festival 's organizer who remains the true star of Glastonbury . Festival guru Michael Eavis is , by his own admission , "  a bit of a puritan . " Michael Eavis is the one of the most un-rock and roll people you are ever likely to meet . By his own admission he is "  a bit of a Puritan " . He worships , with his 95 year-old mum , Sheila , at the local Methodist chapel every Sunday , and abhors drink and drugs and smoking . Yet his twin passions for music and people inspired him to start what would grow into Britain 's foremost music festival . Born in 1935 , Eavis was educated at Wells Cathedral School in Somerset . He left school when he was just 15 years old to join the Union Castle Shipping Line as a trainee midshipman . He spent four happy years plying the trade routes between Britain , South Africa and Kenya before , at the age of 19 , his father -- a farmer and Methodist preacher died of cancer . It was initially with some reluctance that Eavis accepted his inheritance of 150 acres , 60 cows and an overdraft , and returned from his life at sea to run Worthy Farm . At the same time he embarked upon his first marriage to Ruth , which produced three children before they divorced in 1964 . The idea to stage a festival took seed in 1970 when Eavis and Jean Hayball  his future wife  snuck into the Bath Blues Festival and saw Led Zeppelin perform their set . Eavis has often described that moment as an epiphany . "  Something flashes down and you suddenly change , " he said . Later that year , on September 19th Eavis organized a Pop , Folk and Blues Festival at Worthy Farm charging # 1 and offering free milk to festival goers . Marc Bolan -- who arrived in a velvet covered Buick car - topped the bill after The Kinks had pulled out at the last minute and although the festival made a loss of # 1500 -- Eavis had hoped it would pay off his mortgage and allow him to farm ecologically -- it was deemed a success . The following year the festival was renamed the "  Glastonbury Fayre " with an attendance of 12,000 and the famous Pyramid stage was erected for the first time . After the "  impromptu " festival in 1978 , where 500 travelers arrived unannounced from Stonehenge , the festival began to regain momentum . By 1981 , it was officially called the "  Glastonbury Festival " and began its attachments with political and charitable causes . The Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament benefited to the tune of # 20,000 and by the end of the decade Greenpeace , Oxfam and local charities were all benefiting from donations . But by now , Eavis was facing annual opposition from local residents and the district council who threatened to revoke the festival 's entertainment license . Matters came to a head in 1990 when travelers , who were looting the site clashed with security guards resulting in 235 arrests and # 50,000 of damage to property . The rest of the decade proved more peaceful and crowds soared to over 100,000 , but the millennium would close on a tragic note for Eavis when his wife and mother of the festival , Jean , died of cancer in 1999 . A wicker sculpture was ceremoniously burned in her honor and fireworks illuminated the sky . In 2002 the festival underwent the biggest overhaul since it 's conception . Steel fencing ringed the site and music event 's organizer Mean Fiddler took over the running of ticketing and security , successfully stopping troublemakers and ticketless fans from entering the site . Some people accused Glastonbury of selling out and caving in to consumerism , but without such measures it would never gain it 's license . Far from denting its popularity , the festival has gone from strength to strength with a record 180,000 people attending in 2007 . Eavis will raise # 2m for charity this year with Greenpeace , WaterAid , Oxfam , I Count and a range of local charities all benefiting from the festival . The 2007 finished as usual , with people shouting their thanks to Eavis . Covered in mud , they all joyfully tell him what a fantastic time they have had . Eavis receives the praise graciously . He signed off his post-festival message on the Glastonbury Web site saying : "  If I ever needed encouragement to carry on , you have all given me loads of it . Thank you again for everything . " For now , it 's time for Eavis to go back to farming and look forward to 2008 .	Eavis , who abhors drink and drugs , has hosted the festival since 1970 Charities such as Oxfam and Greenpeace have had Glastonbury donations Since 2002 the festival was ringed by a metal fence A record-breaking 180,000 people attended the 2007 event
CNN  -- Governments and charities have spent billions to try to wipe out poverty , but award-winning economist Esther Duflo says we really do n't know if that money has been well spent . But as a result of Duflo 's pioneering work , we may be getting some answers to that question . The Massachusetts Institute of Technology professor has led the way in showing how the scientific method can be applied to determining what policies actually work . Duflo last month won the John Bates Clark Medal , which is awarded to an American economist under the age of 40 who has made the "  most significant contribution to economic thought and knowledge . " In her talk at the TED2010 conference in Long Beach , California , Duflo pointed out that Africa has received a great amount of development aid , but the African economies have not made a lot of progress in improving their gross domestic product . "  If we do n't know whether we are doing any good , we are not any better than the medieval doctors and their leeches . Sometimes the patient gets better , sometimes the patient dies . Is it the leeches ? Is it something else ? We do n't know . " Read more about Esther Duflo on TED.com In three areas , Duflo said her research techniques can help answer vital questions :  Giving away bed nets treated with insecticide to prevent the spread of malaria works , despite fears by some that free nets would not be valued by recipients and might be used instead as fishing nets .  If you want to enhance the effectiveness of the educational system in a developing country , you can sometimes have a great impact by indirect means . For example , if the nation is one where children suffer from intestinal worms , spending $ 100 on deworming the children can be many times more effective in getting them educated than simply spending the $ 100 on paying for teachers , school meals and other school expenses .  In the Indian state of Rajasthan , Duflo found that by creating a monthly camp and giving away kilo-sized bags of lentils , there was a significant increase in the number of parents who brought their children to be immunized with potentially life-saving vaccines . Duflo said , "  It 's not the Middle Ages anymore . It 's the 21st century . And in the 20th century , randomized , controlled trials have revolutionized medicine by allowing us to distinguish between drugs that work and drugs that do n't work . And you can do the same randomized , controlled trial for social policy . You can put social innovation to the same rigorous , scientific tests that we use for drugs . "	Esther Duflo : We do n't know if billions in aid to fight poverty actually worked She says scientific method can determine which policies work Duflo received award as most accomplished American economist under the age of 40
CNN  -- Mrs. Obama is on the cover of People Magazine this week . Not to tout her new education initiative or lament the country 's wage gap , but because she 's 50 . Do n't get me wrong . I 'm happy that Mrs. Obama is able to celebrate her special day with loved ones , but articles about women turning the big 5-0 often get under my skin . And not in a good way . Including this one . People not only asked Mrs. Obama if she had "  peaked at 50 , " but whether she would consider plastic surgery or Botox . The magazine also touched on how the extremely buff Mrs. Obama would change her exercise routine in light of her advancing age . Seriously ? I do n't recall anyone asking Mr. Obama , when he turned 50 , whether he 'd consider "  fillers " to plump his thin cheeks or quit playing basketball . Honestly , I never think about being 50 until I read articles either informing me "  I can still be sexy at 50 if I do a little something , something , ... " or "  become a proud cougar and date a younger man . " In yesterday 's MailOnline , there was an article about the "  Real Housewives of Melbourne . " Women in their late 40s and 50s are pictured in tiny bikinis and gold bling . Janet Roach , one of the "  Housewives , " is pictured beside a hunky , younger man . The article reads , "  The blonde bombshell is remarkably youthful for her 55 years , and that may be well to a little help from the surgeon 's knife . " I 'm happy Janet is living her life the way she chooses , but I ca n't help but think of that Molly Shannon 's Sally O'Malley character on Saturday Night Live when I look at her . Remember her ? Sally wore tight , high-waisted pants and carried a leopard handbag . She took every opportunity to "  strut her stuff , " proclaiming , "  My name is Sally O'Malley . I 'm proud to say I 'm 50 years old . I 'm one of those gals who likes to tell her real age . And I like to kick ! Stretch ! And kick ! I 'm 50 . Fifty years old ! " Funny , how attractive women spend their 20s trying to be taken seriously , only to wish not to be taken seriously when they hit 50 . I 'll end my rant by saying happy birthday , Mrs. Obama . And thank you for answering People 's Botox question like this : "  Women should have the freedom to do whatever they need to do to feel good about themselves . Right now , I do n't imagine that I would go that route , but I 've also learned never to say never . " You go , girl . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Carol Costello .	Michelle Obama , turning 50 , was pictured on cover of People magazine Costello : Would Barack Obama be asked about plastic surgery and exercise routine at 50 ? She says some women fight to be taken seriously at 20 and not to be at 50 Costello : First lady is right that women should have freedom to feel good about themselves
CNN  -- Comedy scares people in power . We saw a disturbing example this week when Egyptian TV host and comedian Bassem Youssef , frequently described as Egypt 's Jon Stewart , was charged with the crimes of mocking Egypt 's President Mohamed Morsy and insulting Islam . If convicted , Youssef could be fined and sentenced to prison . Now , before you quickly categorize this incident under the catch all , "  They hate us for our freedoms " crap , let 's not forget our own history . Comedy legend Lenny Bruce was arrested not once but eight times , in the early 1960s for telling jokes that were considered obscene . However , Bruce 's lawyer argued that the comedian was not being prosecuted for his profanity but rather for mocking political leaders and religion . In 1964 , Bruce was convicted of violating New York 's obscenity laws and sentenced to four months of hard labor . Being sentenced to hard labor is doubly painful since comedians go into comedy to avoid hard labor . Bruce tragically died of a morphine overdose in 1966 while the appeal to his criminal conviction was pending . Today , a comedian in the United States is unlikely to be criminally prosecuted for profanity , mocking elected officials or ridiculing religion .  If they could , Bill Maher and countless others would probably be on death row . While some of our elected officials may hate being the target of comedians ' barbs , none would argue that jokes are a threat to our nation . In the Arab world , however , stand-up comedy and satirical political comedy shows like the one Bassem Youssef hosts are a very new development . There 's a great fear in the region that this form of entertainment will undermine political leaders . I have witnessed this anxiety firsthand while performing stand-up comedy across the Middle East . The crowds are usually amazing . But we comedians are advised by show promoters to avoid telling jokes mocking the political leaders and religions -- not just Islam , but also Christianity and Judaism . And of course , no sexual humor or profanity . I know many of you are thinking : So what 's left to talk about ? Actually , plenty . As comedians , we are accustomed to tailoring our acts to fit certain "  special " shows . In fact , while performing at a corporate event in the United States -- such as for employees at an annual corporate retreat -- one will generally encounter similar content boundaries : No jokes about politics , sex and religion , plus , keep it clean .  Hmm , funny how U.S. corporations and Middle Eastern governments impose the same content restrictions . But believe it or not , in the last few years the leash on comedians performing in the Middle East has loosened . For example , in certain countries , we had to write our comedy material out word for word so local government authorities could review it for appropriateness before a show . Those days are gone . No one asks for scripts any longer , because the people in power have apparently become more comfortable with stand-up comedy . Some comedians have started to push the boundary by using some profanity and sexually suggestive material . But Bassem Youssef did more . Inspired by Jon Stewart , he performed jokes about the president of Egypt by name , even mockingly dressing like him in sketches . To us , this is commonplace , but in Egypt this was unheard of . Keep in mind that until recently , Egypt was ruled by Hosni Mubarak , who limited public dissent in his almost 30 years of rule . I always knew an Arab Jon Stewart or Chris Rock would emerge and use comedy to skewer political leaders . Youssef has become that icon . But now he 's paying for his boldness . The question is : Will Morsy move Egypt toward embracing democracy and freedom of expression ? Or will he take a step back and follow the policies of Mubarak ? Being a democratic nation entails much more than simply having elections -- it means vigilantly guarding freedom of expression , including the right of all people -- comedians , journalists , bloggers , critics -- to poke fun or disagree with the government . So far , early signs are not hopeful . The U.S. embassy in Cairo tweeted out a link to a segment from Monday night 's "  The Daily Show " in which Stewart defended Youssef . The office of Egypt 's president responded swiftly via Twitter : "  It 's inappropriate for a diplomatic mission to engage in such negative political propaganda . " President Morsy should make it clear that the revolution in Egypt truly ushered in democracy , and along with it freedom of expression . Otherwise , the new leadership will be perceived as just another oppressive government . The world awaits Morsy 's response . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dean Obeidallah .	Bassem Youssef was charged with mocking Egypt 's president and insulting Islam Dean Obeidallah : Youssef , considered the Jon Stewart of Egypt , was performing comedy He says there 's fear in the Middle East that comedy will undermine political leaders Obeidallah : Will Egypt 's new president embrace democracy and freedom of expression ?
DAVIS , California  CNN  -- If every scientist hopes to make at least one important discovery in her career , then University of California-Davis professor Pamela Ronald and her colleagues may have hit the jackpot . Scientists have bred a new strain of flood-tolerant rice that could help feed millions . Ronald 's team works with rice , a grain most Americans take for granted , but which is a matter of life and death to much of the world . Thanks to their efforts to breed a new , hardier variety of rice , millions of people may not go hungry . About half the world 's population eats rice as a staple . Two-thirds of the diet of subsistence farmers in India and Bangladesh is made up entirely of rice . If rice crops suffer , it can mean starvation for millions . "  People -LSB- in the United States -RSB- think , well , if I do n't have enough rice , I 'll go to the store , " said Ronald , a professor of plant pathology at UC-Davis . "  That 's not the situation in these villages . They 're mostly subsistence farmers . They do n't have cars . " As sea levels rise and world weather patterns worsen , flooding has become a major cause of rice crop loss . Scientists estimate 4 million tons of rice are lost every year because of flooding . That 's enough rice to feed 30 million people . Rice is grown in flooded fields , usually to kill weeds . But rice plants do not like it when they are submerged in water for long periods , Ronald said . "  They do n't get enough carbon dioxide , they do n't get enough light and their entire metabolic processes are thrown off . The rice plant tries to grow out of the flood , but when it does , it depletes its sugar reserves . It starts to break down its chlorophyll , important for photosynthesis . It grows really quickly , and then when the flood recedes , it just dies . It 's out of gas . " Normal rice dies after three days of complete flooding . Researchers know of at least one rice variety that can tolerate flooding for longer periods , but conventional breeding failed to create a strain that was acceptable to farmers . So Ronald and her colleagues -- David Mackill , senior scientist at the International Rice Research Institute in the Philippines and Julia Bailey-Serres , professor of genetics at the University of California-Riverside -- spent the last decade working to find a rice strain that could survive flooding for longer periods . Mackill identified a flood-resistant gene 13 years ago in a low-yielding traditional Indian rice variety . He passed along the information to Ronald , who isolated the gene , called Sub1 , and introduced it into normal rice varieties , generating rice that could withstand being submerged in water for 17 days . The team relied on something called precision breeding , the ability to introduce very specific genes into plants without the associated baggage of other genes that might tag along in conventional breeding . "  This can be a problem for farmers , " Ronald said . "  The varieties that were developed from conventional breeding were rejected by farmers because they did n't yield well or taste good . " Using precision breeding , scientists introduced the Sub1 gene three years ago into test fields in Bangladesh and India . The subsequent rice harvests were a resounding success . "  The results were really terrific , " said Ronald . "  The farmers found three - to five-fold increases in yield due to flood tolerance . They can plant the normal way . They can harvest the normal way and it tastes the same . Farmers had more food for their families and they also had additional rice they could sell to bring a little bit of money into the household . " "  The potential for impact is huge , " agreed Mackill in a statement on the IRRI Web site . "  In Bangladesh , for example , 20 percent of the rice land is flood prone and the country typically suffers several major floods each year . Submergence-tolerant varieties could make major inroads into Bangladesh 's annual rice shortfall . " The researchers anticipate that the flood-tolerant rice plants will be available to farmers in Bangladesh and India within two years . Because the plants are the product of precision breeding , rather than genetic modification , they are not subject to the same regulatory testing that can delay release of genetically modified crops . The U.S. Department of Agriculture conferred one of its highest research awards last December on Ronald , Mackill and Bailey-Serres for their work on submergence-tolerant rice . But Ronald has no plans to rest on her laurels . "  I feel a great sense of gratitude that I was able to contribute in this way , " she said . "  But the farmers have asked us , ` Can you develop varieties that are drought tolerant , salt tolerant ? Can you develop varieties that are insect resistant ? ' There are always more things to work on . " CNN.com 's Brandon Griggs contributed to this story .	Scientists breed a new strain of flood-tolerant rice Normal rice dies after three days of complete flooding ; this rice can survive 17 days New rice was successfully field-tested by farmers in India and Bangladesh About half of the world 's population eats rice as a staple of its diet
Paul Walker 's new film -- one of the last he completed -- was going to start a new chapter for the "  Fast and Furious " actor , says its director . "  He had gushed to me about the new offers he was getting from people who 'd seen his performance , " says Eric Heisserer , the first-time director of "  Hours , " which opens Friday . "  His career was finally going in a direction that he was excited about for the first time in many years . " The dramatic film , about a New Orleans man trying to keep his newborn alive in the face of Hurricane Katrina 's chaos , marked a change of pace for Walker after making a name for himself in the "  Fast and Furious " series . Walker 's in practically every frame , agonizing over his baby , mourning his losses , willing himself to continue as his hospital is evacuated and the city is overwhelmed by floodwaters . Walker died November 30 in a horrific auto accident while riding in a friend 's high-performance sports car . His death has inspired shock and sadness as "  Fast and Furious " colleagues remembered his spirit and fans paid tribute to his charity and generosity . Video : Fans honor Paul Walker Heisserer , too , was left in shock by Walker 's death . The news reached him over the Thanksgiving holiday , which he was spending in Oklahoma with family . He remembers a "  kind and patient " video-game fanatic who never pulled rank , even though he was the film 's only name performer and one of its producers . "  He was just eager to do a great job , and that kind of inspired everybody else to step up their game and make sure they were committing the same way Paul was , " Heisserer says . The "  Hours " writer and director , his voice frequently quivering with emotion during a 20-minute phone interview , talked with CNN about working with Walker and the making of the film . The interview has been edited and condensed : CNN : Where did the movie idea come from ? Eric Heisserer : It started with  a  short story born out of my time in Houston . I knew plenty of people in New Orleans and Louisiana , many of whom who had to evacuate and who were refugees at the Astrodome in Houston . Some of my friends told me specific little horror stories about that time . And a friend told me about the fears he had as a father -- he was about to have a child -- and the story of  "  Hours " protagonist  Nolan and his daughter attached to all those personal anecdotes of Katrina and turned into the story . CNN : How did Walker get involved ? Heisserer : He did n't get involved until we signed him on to play the lead , and that was after about nine months of searching for the right leading man . I knew after about 20 minutes into the meeting that he was the guy . He had a very personal connection to the character , and he felt he had something to prove -- if to no one else other than himself -- that he could work new muscles with this role . CNN : Walker is in almost every frame . How did he deal with that ? Heisserer : It was a great risk doing this kind of movie for both of us , and it required an incredible amount of trust . Two months before , I flew down to New Orleans  to  prep ; he and I agreed to meet two or three times a week and spend a few hours out of the day getting to know each other better . Sometimes we 'd play video games or card games . Sometimes we 'd get a bite to eat . It was just a case of getting used to each other 's company and our back stories . CNN : Did you tap into his relationship with his daughter , Meadow ? Heisserer : Yes , to the point I 'd asked him to bring baby pictures of Meadow . During some of the scenes where there was just a monologue by him to give to the baby in the incubator , we set the baby photos in the incubator so he could connect with his daughter that way . It also meant a lot to him that his father was proud of him , and I knew those were sort of magic words I could tell him during a shoot . Those words of "  Your father will be proud of you for this moment , for this scene " really elicited an emotional response from him , and I could tell it was because he 'd always had that in the back of his mind . CNN : How was he to direct ? Heisserer : He was a real honest performer in that there was n't much of a difference between the character of Nolan and the person that Paul is in real life . I found that the more that I could shorten the distance between those two , the greater performance I got out of him . Paul was a very unique . ... He 's a unique creature in that he was so kind and patient with everyone . He was the best kind of actor you could have in these circumstances . He never complained . He never got impatient with anyone . He knew all the names of my crew , and he worked to make sure that his part and his performance helped everybody else . CNN : Did he feel a weight on his shoulders ? Heisserer : He never seemed to balk at that during the shoot . He confessed to me later that it did scare him many a night . He 'd go home and worry that he was n't doing enough . CNN : When was the last time you spoke to him ? Heisserer : About a week before the death . We had had a press junket for the movie going into that weekend . CNN : How do you feel ? Heisserer :  He lets out a long sigh and speaks slowly . Well , Todd , the truth of it is , I 'm angry . And I 've been angry about this for a while . This movie was a real turning point for Paul . He had gushed to me about the new offers he was getting from people who 'd seen his performance in "  Hours , " and his career was finally going in a direction that he was excited about for the first time in many years . I told him at the time that that 's what this movie was , that I was just warming him up for bigger and better things . It was a springboard . He sighs again  So the fact that this is his swan song , it , I do n't know -- it makes me mad . He does n't get to benefit from all this hard work now . CNN : It 's a loss . Heisserer : Yeah . CNN : It must be very trying to do this without him . Heisserer : It is .  Laughs in relief  But at the same time , I know he was so excited for people to see the movie , and I feel like if I shut that down and I do n't make my best effort to help people to see him , then I 'm kind of letting him down , and I ca n't stand that . I 'm still very proud of the movie and proud of him and excited to have everybody see it , of course . So I can revel in that , and the rest of the time I have to steel my nerves and keep a tissue box handy . People we lost in 2013	Paul Walker 's new movie , "  Hours , " is due out Friday "  Hours " was one of last movies Walker completed Actor was "  kind and patient , " an inspiring figure on set , says director Walker is in virtually every frame of drama about father and baby during Hurricane Katrina
CNN  -- "  F.E.A.R. 3 , " the latest installment in the action-horror series , aims higher than your typical first-person shooter game . It boasts cool combat features , a spooky paranormal story line and some dramatic tension . But because its emphasis is on combat , not thrills , the game is not nearly as scary as it should be . "  F.E.A.R. 3 "  Day 1 Studios , Warner Bros. . Interactive  continues its franchise 's story of a family in conflict as two brothers work together to track down their psychically enhanced mother , Alma , who is about to give birth . However , their reasons for wanting to find dear Mom are totally opposite . Filmmaker John Carpenter , director of the classic fright flick "  Halloween , " helped create cinematics for the game that heighten its fear factor . Comic book horror writer Steve Niles co-wrote the story line . Co-op mode is the preferred mode of play here , allowing you to take advantage of each brother 's skills during combat and strive toward the highest score on each level . You can play as Point Man , who is well versed in military training and technique , or as Paxton Fettel , who was slain during the original "  F.E.A.R " but returns here as a ghost with psychic energy powers . The brothers must navigate wave after wave of soldiers , whacked-out cultists and creepy creatures created from Alma 's mind . The battlefields range from a looted food warehouse to the science bunker where Alma is being held . While the action is pretty linear , there are detours in which you can search for hidden weapons and ammo , psychic link gathering locations , and an Alma doll , which scores big points when found . There are enemies who require some extra work to defeat , including one called a Phase Caster , who summons additional soldiers over and over . Kill him first . Seriously . It is easy to get immersed in the run-and-gun aspects of "  F.E.A.R. 3 , " but keep in mind that it 's also supposed to be a horror game . Remember , Mom is a psychic time bomb allegedly waiting to erupt when she gives birth to ... whatever . To be sure , there are some very good horror moments in the game . The apparitions that briefly appear , scare and disappear are disconcerting . And having a ghost brother along during solo mode is a constant reminder . When they occur , the terror elements are jump-out-of-your-seat frightening . It is almost like watching a horror movie from the eyes of the lead actor . The problem is those moments do n't seem to occur as often as you 'd think or hope . There were plenty of times in the game where I forgot it was supposed to be a thriller and not just a shooter . Some levels ' features are so combat-heavy that there 's no room for any memorable paranormal experiences . Early in the game I was peeking around every corner expecting to find some apparition or twisted scene , only to shrug and move on . By the end of the game , I stopped looking for ghosts and just treated everything as a combat scene . Multiplayer modes help make the game fun to replay . You can work together with your teammates to survive waves of enemies emerging from an advancing fog , or be possessed by Alma and try to take over your former teammates . "  F.E.A.R 3 " is a well-made first-person shooter that will challenge players with intelligent enemies and compelling battles . Sadly , the frights are n't quite as jarring as they could have been . Which , I 'm sure , makes the ghosts very sad . Boo . "  F.E.A.R. 3 " is playable on the PC , PlayStation 3 , and Xbox 360 . It is available now in North America , Australia and the UK . The game is rated M for mature due to blood and gore , intense violence , partial nudity and strong language . This review was done after playing the Xbox 360 version .	"  F.E.A.R. 3 " aims higher than your typical shooter game , with some dramatic tension The game is the story of two brothers trying to find their mother The brothers must wade through wave after wave of soldiers and whacked out cultists Sadly , the frights are n't quite as jarring as they could have been
Washington  CNN  -- A bus crash that killed 15 people and injured 18 others was caused by a "  perfect storm " of sleep deprivation , speed and lack of oversight , the National Transportation Safety Board said Tuesday . The World Wide Travel motor coach was returning to New York City on March 12 , 2011 , with 32 passengers onboard after visiting the Mohegan Sun Casino in Connecticut . At 5:38 a.m. the bus was on I-95 near the Bronx Westchester County Line , when it crossed a 10-foot-wide paved shoulder , hit a guard rail , skidded 500 feet on its side and slammed into two 8 inch wide signposts that tore off almost the entire top of the bus , according to investigators . The driver , Ophadell Williams , "  was impaired by fatigue at the time of the accident due to sleep deprivation , poor sleep quality and circadian factors , " according to the report . "  His lack of evasive braking or corrective steering action as the bus drifted off the roadway was consistent with fatigue-induced performance impairment . " Williams had little rest in the three days before the accident , only taking short naps inside the bus while passengers were in the casino gambling , investigators said . He was also speeding , driving 78 mph in the 50 mph zone in the minute before the accident , according to the NTSB examination of the bus data recorder . Investigators said if the bus had been driving at the speed limit it may not have overturned . At the time of the accident , police said Williams told them the accident occurred after he swerved to avoid a tractor-trailer that might have clipped the bus ; however , the NTSB found no other vehicles were factors in the crash . The report says , "  Contributing to the accident was inadequate safety oversight of the accident driver by World Wide Travel 's management . " The company has since shut down . Last year , Williams pleaded not guilty to charges of manslaughter and criminally negligent homicide for his role in the accident , according to court records . "  Fatigue and speed are an especially lethal combination , " NTSB Chairman Deborah Hersman said in a statement . "  Unfortunately , in investigation after investigation , we are seeing the tragic results of fatigue , which can degrade every aspect of human performance . "	15 died when bus crashed returning from casino in Connecticut NTSB says bus driver was "  impaired by sleep deprivation , " had been speeding Last year , bus driver pleaded not guilty to charges of manslaughter
CNN  -- South Africa looks back , 20 years after Nelson Mandela 's historic release . Plus , Desmond Tutu reflects on the day his dream became a reality , and picturing Mandela - a South African cartoonist and his drawing tribute . Remembering the Release South Africa celebrates the 20th anniversary of Nelson Mandela 's release from apartheid prison . Our Nkepile Mabuse has more on the defining moment and how it changed the course of a nation . Prison Home On multiple occasions , Nelson Mandela turned down early release , unwilling to renounce the cause he held so dear . It was an incredible sacrifice , but what was it like ? Nkepile Mabuse toured the prison house where Mandela spent the end of his sentence . Desmond Tutu Interview It was the walk to freedom that ushered in democracy . Nelson Mandela 's release from prison made the fight worthwhile for many anti-apartheid activists . Nkepile Mabuse sat down with one of the movement 's leaders -- Nobel Laureate Desmond Tutu . He shared his thoughts on Mandela 's release , including his own initial reaction to the news . Mandela Cartoons A different look on Nelson Mandela . This time , caricatures , as we go inside the commemorative art exhibit from South African cartoonist Zapiro .	In South Africa as the country looks back , 20 years after Nelson Mandela 's historic release Nkepile Mabuse tours the prison house where Mandela spent the end of his sentence Desmond Tutu shares thoughts on Mandela 's release , recalls own initial reaction to the news
CNN  -- Boutonnieres , photographers , smiles and tears of joy -- requisite wedding fixtures -- abounded Sunday at Seattle 's City Hall . But for 133 couples , the day 's fanfare brought an extra dimension . After exchanging vows at five stations set up in City Hall , they walked outside and down rain-slickened steps , greeted by cheers , confetti and a brass band celebrating the first day same-sex couples could marry in Washington . "  Today was really about the state of Washington recognizing us , " said Robin Wyss , who married Danielle Yung , her partner of eight years . "  People beyond our close friends and family saying our family is as valid as any other family . " After years of saying no at the ballot box , American voters for the first time said yes to same-sex marriage this fall in Washington , Maryland and Maine . The couples married Sunday in Seattle were among the first such couples in Washington to obtain marriage licenses Thursday . "  You are seeing all generations here , people fighting for equality for decades , " Aaron Pickus , press secretary to Seattle Mayor Mike McGinn , told CNN . "  It 's a very happy day . " Local businesses provided refreshments . Musicians and photographers volunteered their services , Pickus said . A city website featured interviews with couples , photos , live webcams and information on obtaining a marriage license . Keith Bacon , 44 , and Corianton Hale , 34 , of West Seattle were among those tying the knot in simultaneous services . "  After a commitment ceremony  this past summer  we just thought we would go down to City Hall , fill out paperwork and call it good , " said Bacon . "  Today  you would hear bursts of applause . It was very festive and joyous , kind of an electric feeling in the air . " Bacon and Wyss expressed hope that the U.S. Supreme Court will issue rulings favorable to same-sex marriage . On Friday , the justices said they will hear two constitutional challenges to state and federal laws dealing with the recognition of gay and lesbian couples to legally wed. . Oral arguments will likely be held in March with a ruling by late June . One appeal to be heard involves the federal Defense of Marriage Act or DOMA , which denies federal benefits to same-sex couples legally married in their own state . The second is a challenge to California 's Proposition 8 , a voter-approved referendum that took away the right of same sex-marriage that previously had been approved by the state 's courts . Before November 's vote , couples in Washington had domestic partner rights . Bacon and Wyss said they now feel full equality . "  Just being able to say Corianton is my husband , not just my partner , " Bacon told CNN . Approval of same-sex marriage in Washington contrasts with the 38 states that have passed bans on marriages between people of the same sex , mostly by amending their constitutions to define marriage as a union between a man and a woman . In six states -- Massachusetts , Connecticut , Iowa , Vermont , New Hampshire and New York -- and the District of Columbia , gays and lesbians have previously won marriage rights because of actions taken by judges or legislators , not voters . A milestone also occurred this year in the nation 's executive branch : President Barack Obama became the first president to openly support same-sex marriage . These political trends emerged as a majority of Americans say they support legally recognizing same-sex marriage at a time when the public demonstrates increasing comfort with gays and lesbians , according to a CNN/ORC International survey in June . Bacon said he and Hale have had to deal with acceptance among some family members . "  We 're in a great place , but it took awhile . " "  I feel like we made history today , and I like the way history is going , " said Bacon . CNN 's Michael Martinez and Bill Mears contributed to this report .	133 same-sex couples are married Sunday at Seattle City Hall Washington began issuing same-sex marriage licenses Thursday Voters in Maryland and Maine also approved same-sex marriages last month
CNN  -- For pro-surfers like nine-time world champion Kelly Slater , flying from continent to continent looking for the perfect wave seems like a freewheeling lifestyle , but for amateurs , it requires careful planning . Surfing champ Kelly Slater gains altitude at Hossegor , France , in 2002 . Surfers checking out unique vibes at sites in Australia , Fiji , Tahiti , Hawaii and France are driven by the buzz that comes from exhilarating swells , breaking waves and amazing barrel tubes created by truly awesome forces of nature . Unlike other travelers , surfers are interested in surfer-friendly places to crash , snagging the best airline rates for surfboards and where to hang out . Here 's Slater 's list of five great surfing meccas along with some hints about how to fully enjoy your search for the proverbial endless summer . See photos of Slater surfing his five great sites " BANZAI PIPELINE , Oahu , Hawaii Event : Billabong Pipeline Masters , December 8 to December 20 , 2009 "  I grew up mesmerized by it , and it never lets you down , " Slater said . "  It 's just an amazing place to be and a wave that always challenges you . " The vibe : Surfers compare this event to professional golf 's Master 's tournament . Since the 1950s and '60s , mobs of fans have traveled to view one of the sport 's great venues to watch competing surfers . How to get there : To find this quarter-mile long treasure trove of breaking waves , drive southwest of Ehukai Beach Park along the Kamehameha Highway , about seven miles northeast of Haleiwa . During competition season -- in November and December -- visitors can soak up a lot of action on the beach , said Scott Bass , editor at Surfer Magazine . "  It 's a unique spot because a large , crazy death-defying surf breaks only 100 yards from shore . It 's very accessible as a viewer , " said Bass . See map and more photos of Slater 's surfing spots " Where to stay : Keiki Beach Bungalows offers tourists the best of both worlds : proximity to the Pipeline and a break from the crowds . Located on the beach about a mile away from Pipeline , the quiet bungalows also provide convenient access to a shopping complex with food and coffee shops about a quarter mile away . One and two-bedroom cottages range from $ 145 to $ 220 per night , depending on length of stay . Searching for more elegant digs ? Turtle Bay Resort offers hundreds of luxurious guest rooms , suites and cottages not far from Pipeline . On a budget ? Less than an hour 's drive away , campers can pitch near the Pacific at Barbers Point Beach Park . Where to hang out : Got something sweeter in mind ? Matsumoto Shave Ice has become a Hawaiian institution during its 60 years , serving the namesake snow cones , candy and crack seed , an island snack of dried fruits . Where to get lunch : Locals will tell you that hanging out on the North Shore must include a stop at some of the island 's tried and true mom and pop shops . Macky 's Sweet Shrimp Truck is literally just that -- a brightly painted RV parked in a private lot . Macky 's specializes in serving succulent shrimp , rice , fruit and veggies . CLOUDBREAK , Tavarua , Fiji Best waves : April to October "  One of the great surf discoveries ever , " said Slater about Cloudbreak , the name given to a surfing reef about two miles off Fiji 's island of Tavarua . The South Pacific waters off Fiji offer the perfect temperature and a "  really good swell window " for timing waves , Slater said . "  The wave has so many different faces to it . It 's challenging and perfect . " The vibe : Exclusive . The Tavarua Resort on the island controls access to the reef . How to get there : Surfing Cloudbreak can cost you , both physically and monetarily because of its distance off the island and the expense of traveling to the middle of the Pacific Ocean . Surfers get to the reef on local boats or jet-skis -- or by paddling on their boards , which will take a lot out of you . Where to stay/hang out : Options are very limited . Surfer tourists can expect to spend at least $ 200 per night at the island resort . SNAPPER ROCKS , Kirra , Australia Event : Quiksilver Pro Gold Coast February 28 to March 11 , 2009 It 's no secret that surfing is a national pastime in Australia , especially during pro-surfing competitions in February and March , when the weather is toasty warm and the water is aqua blue . How to get there : Arrive at the Gold Coast airport at Coolangatta or at the airport in Brisbane , which is about 68 miles  109 kilometers  to the north on the Pacific Motorway . The stretch of breaking waves between Snapper Rocks and Kirra is called the Superbank . The waves are "  perfect , hollow , fast , " said Slater . Superbank 's sandy-bottom , barrel point break makes it worthy of his list . "  On its day , it 's the wave you would draw on your school books , " he said . The vibe : The Gold Coast during competition season is similar to Spring Break in the United States , said Bass , a globetrotting surfer who has produced a documentary about the Vietnam War 's surfing soldiers . Gold Coast spectators tend to be young , hip trendy , college-age surf fans . For tourists with wider interests , the scene includes a music festival and skateboard competition . Where to stay : Take your pick . There are plenty of hotels along the Gold Coast , ranging from upscale three or four-star destinations to modest beach motels . For $ 20  Australian  you can grab a bunk bed in a backpacker hostel . At the posh Palazzo Versace , you can spend thousands of dollars for one night 's lodging . Apartments near the shore run from $ 80 to $ 250 Australian per night . Book early if possible . TEAHUPOO , Tahiti Event : Billabong Pro Teahupoo May 9 to May 20 , 2009 Cloudbreak 's remoteness is matched by Tahiti 's Teahupoo , which is described by Slater as "  one of the most challenging waves and confronting waves in the world . " When negotiating Teahupoo 's South Pacific monster waves , said Slater , "  Just make a decision and follow it . No second guessing . " The vibe : Teahupoo is very exclusive and expensive , according to Bass . "  It 's a grand spectacle along the same lines as the Pipeline , just not as accessible . " How to get there : You might have to pay a boater for transportation to the wave , which is about a quarter mile off shore , said Bass . Where to stay/hang out : Small pensions , homes that island residents rent to tourists , are the way to go in Tahiti , said Bass . Hiti Moana Villa offers bungalows for $ 110 to $ 160 per night . HOSSEGOR , France Event : Quiksilver Pro France September 23 to October 4 , 2009 For nonsurfers , Hossegor is a big secret . "  People do n't realize how good the surf is there but it 's incredible very often , " said Slater . The elbow-shaped Bay of Biscay near the French-Spanish border offers "  lots of swell and good weather that Ireland and England do n't get . " The vibe : More waves , more surfing , less competition . The Hossegor area offers many fine beach breaks that result in abundant waves . These "  peaky " beach breaks democratize the surfing experience . With more good waves , there 's less jockeying among surfers for position . During most of the year , surfers will need to wear a wet suit . The Bay of Biscay is really cold . Where to hang out : The area has great food , according to Slater , and , "  Spain is just right next door for something different . " Across the Spanish border , surfers can discover crashing waves along the shore of San Sebastian , the town made famous in Hemingway 's "  The Sun Also Rises . " Continue down the coast to experience amazing waves off the Spanish towns of Zarautz and Mendexa . There , surfers will discover a pure point break , with waves breaking off cobblestone rocks on the ocean floor . Where to stay : All along the coast are dozens of beach hostels offering low-cost lodging . Also , there 's camping in the area , if you feel like really roughing it . The Hortensias du Lac hotel offers rooms from $ 170 to $ 220 per night . How to get there : From Paris , drive about 6 hours southwest to Bordeaux and then drive about 2 hours south to Hossegor . By train from Paris takes about 6 hours and costs about $ 130 . TOTING YOUR BOARD The relationship between surfers and their boards is close . Sometimes very close . Many surfers feel their boards are like a physical part of them . As a result , they accept no substitutes -- or rentals . They bring their boards . Traveling with a 9-foot , 70-pound piece of sporting equipment can be expensive . Several airlines hit surfboard-toting travelers with stiff fees , sometimes hundreds of dollars . But a few carriers will allow surfboards to be checked as baggage free , within certain guidelines . Here 's a quick list of policies among major airlines for travel with surfboards as checked baggage : American Airlines charges a special handling fee . British Airways bans surfboards as checked baggage . Delta Airlines charges a special handling fee . Singapore Airlines offers free baggage check for surfboards within certain guidelines . Otherwise , travelers are charged a handling fee . United Airlines charges a special handling fee . Virgin Atlantic offers free baggage checking within certain guidelines . CNN 's David Banks , a lifelong surfer , contributed to this report .	Pro-surfing champ Kelly Slater likes Australia , Tahiti , Fiji , Hawaii and France Fiji 's Cloudbreak wave is "  one of the great surf discoveries ever , " said Slater The vibe at primo spots varies from Spring Break-like to exclusive Airline surfboard baggage policies range from free to pricey
CNN  -- World No. 1 Novak Djokovic battled back from the brink of defeat at the French Open on Tuesday to rescue his hopes of becoming the first man in 43 years to hold all four grand slam titles . The Serbian saved four match-points before finally overcoming home favorite Jo-Wilfried Tsonga in the quarterfinals . Djokovic , who has never reached the final at Roland Garros , triumphed 6-1 5-7 5-7 7-6  8-6  6-1 against the fifth seed in a scintillating match lasting just over four hours . The 25-year-old set up a rematch with 16-time grand slam champion Roger Federer , who beat Djokovic in the Paris semifinals last year to end his 43-match winning run . "  He was the better player for most of the match and I was fortunate to come back from four match-points down . It was an incredible match , " said Djokovic , who won the first and fifth sets in a combined time of just 53 minutes . The hopes of a nation had rested on Tsonga , playing in the quarterfinals of his home event for the first time , but France 's wait for a first male champion since Yannick Noah in 1983 must continue . Instead , Djokovic will have a day 's rest before continuing his bid to match Australia 's Rod Laver , who twice won all four grand slams in a calendar year -- as an amateur in 1962 and then as a professional at the start of the Open era in 1969 . "  I did what I said I would and gave everything . I came close and I would have loved to have won , " said Tsonga , who had vowed before the match to "  fight like a lion . " "  It 's a shame because I was pretty close , but at the end I had no energy left . Now I will have to close this chapter , " the 27-year-old added . Federer reached the last four at a major for a record-equaling 31st time as he came from two sets down to end the hopes of injury-hampered Juan Martin Del Potro . The Swiss third seed won 3-6 6-7  4-7  6-2 6-0 6-3 in a virtual repeat of their 2009 semifinal , when Federer went on to claim the Roland Garros crown for the first and only time in his illustrious career . Del Potro avenged that defeat by beating Federer in the 2009 U.S. Open final for his only major success , but this time the Argentine ninth seed could not maintain his ferocious opening momentum . "  I knew Juan Martin 's knee was bothering him and was trying to finish the rallies quickly , " Federer said . "  I knew it would be a big fight today . " The other two quarterfinals will be played on Wednesday , when world No. 2 Rafael Nadal continues his bid for a record seventh title as he takes on fellow Spaniard Nicolas Almagro , the 12th seed . Britain 's world No. 4 Andy Murray faces a big test of his hopes of winning his first grand slam as he lines up against sixth seed David Ferrer , who has won all of their three clay clashes .	Novak Djokovic saves four match-points to reach French Open semifinals World No. 1 ends France 's hopes of first male winner since 1983 Serbian seeking to be first man since 1969 to hold all four grand slam titles He will play 16-time grand slam champion Roger Federer in Friday 's semi
JOHANNESBURG , South Africa  CNN  -- The political crisis that has gripped Zimbabwe for nearly a year may be drawing to an end , but a deadly cholera outbreak there is only getting worse . Zimbabweans walk through mounds of garbage . Lack of sanitation and clean water make cholera spread . The newly formed cabinet of Zimbabwe 's unity government met for the first time Tuesday , the same day that Medecins Sans Frontieres  Doctors Without Borders  released a report warning that the epidemic shows no signs of slowing . The outbreak -- one of the world 's largest , according to the World Health Organization  WHO  -- is only getting worse , and could be a stepping-stone to other epidemics and health crises , international agencies say . Since August , at least 3,623 people have died and 76,127 people have been infected by cholera , a preventable water-borne bacterial illness that causes severe diarrhea , vomiting and dehydration and can lead to death in a matter of days if not treated . According to a report released Tuesday by Medecins Sans Frontieres  Doctors Without Borders  , new cholera patients were being registered at a rate of one every minute at the beginning of February in Zimbabwe . Unless urgent action is taken , the aid group said , the country could see a worsening of the "  massive medical emergency that is spiraling out of control , " MSF President Dr. Christophe Fournier told CNN Tuesday after his latest visit to Zimbabwe . MSF says the response from the international community to the crisis has been slow and inadequate , and it called on donors to put aside politics and send help immediately . The cholera epidemic has been left to fester as the Zimbabwean government grappled with questionable elections , opposition charges of fraud , power-sharing talks and the creation of a unity government in the last year . During that time , the country 's economy and infrastructure imploded , with sanitation systems and garbage collection becoming virtually non-existent . "  The reasons for the  cholera  outbreak are clear : lack of access to clean water , burst and blocked sewage systems , and uncollected refuse overflowing in the streets , all clear symptoms of the breakdown in infrastructure resulting from Zimbabwe 's political and economic meltdown , " the MSF report said . The disease is contracted "  by drinking water or eating food contaminated with the cholera bacterium , " the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention  CDC  said on its Web site . "  In an epidemic , the source of the contamination is usually the feces of an infected person , " the CDC said . "  The disease can spread rapidly in areas with inadequate treatment of sewage and drinking water . " Making matters worse , flooding from the rainy season -- which began in November -- is spreading the bacteria through swollen streams and rivers . Cholera cases have now been reported in all of the country 's provinces , the MSF report said . Exacerbating the epidemic is the current economic crisis , which has caused the health care system to nearly grind to a halt . "  I 've seen many health services being down like this in my life as an MSF doctor , but only in this country have I seen this kind of collapse of the public health care system in the absence of any conflict , " Fournier said . He said most of the country 's public hospitals or clinics are either closed or empty , and the ones that are open face critical shortages of drugs and medical equipment . "  A huge part of the medical staff is not showing up because they are unpaid and on top of that , the patients , when finally accessing one opened facility , are asked for totally indecent amounts of money only to be seen and then an extra amount of money for their treatment , " Fournier added . Many patients ca n't afford to pay and do n't even bother to seek treatment , he said . MSF believes cholera may be just the beginning of a nightmare health crisis in the southern African country . "  The current food shortages make us fear of further malnutrition among the most vulnerable , starting with the under  age  five children , where any kind of infectious epidemic can start at any moment after this current cholera epidemic , " Fournier explained . MSF currently has more than 500 staff members working in Zimbabwe to battle the outbreak . The organization is calling on the government to remove barriers that are slowing the MSF response to the crisis . "  Despite the glaring humanitarian needs , the government of Zimbabwe continues to exert rigid control over aid organizations . MSF faces restrictions in implementing medical assessments and interventions , " the group 's report said . "  The Zimbabwean government must facilitate independent assessments of need , guarantee that aid agencies can work wherever needs are identified and ease bureaucratic restrictions so that programs can be staffed properly and drugs procured quickly , " the report said . Manuel Lopez , the chief of MSF 's mission in Zimbabwe , said the cost of importing medicine is often higher than the cost of the drugs themselves . High fees for visas and work permits for staff are also impeding operations , he said . And it often takes months to get permission for MSF specialists to operate inside the country , Lopez explained , with some eventually being turned down .	Doctors without Borders report says cholera crisis shows no signs of slowing Aid agencies say it could be lead to other epidemics and health crises No sanitation or clean water , piles of garbage help spread disease Epidemic has been left to fester due to Zimbabwe political wrangling
CNN  -- The 2009 snooker world champion John Higgins has said his "  conscience is clear " following allegations of match fixing . British newspaper The News of the World claimed the 34-year-old accepted a $ 398,000 bribe to throw frames in future matches during a meeting with undercover reporters in Kiev , Ukraine . However , in a statement read out on the BBC , the Scotsman denied ever intentionally losing a match or taking a bribe at any point in his career . "  My conscience is 100 percent clear , " said Higgins . "  I have never been involved in any form of snooker match fixing ... I have never deliberately missed a shot , never mind intentionally lost a frame or a match . " Snooker 's governing body -- The World Professional Billiards and Snooker Association  WPBSA  -- announced through an official statement that Higgins had been suspended from future tournaments pending an investigation . The same statement confirmed his manager , Pat Mooney , resigned from his position on the board of the WPBSA after he was alleged to have been at the meeting with Higgins in Kiev . The three-time world champion claimed clearing his name will be the biggest challenge of his career and he will assist snooker authorities with the forthcoming investigation . "  Today is the start of the biggest match of my life . I will co-operate fully with the snooker authorities . I have built my reputation on honesty and integrity . " Higgins is one of the most successful snooker players in history and has won game 's top prize on three occasions , taking last year 's championship in addition to previous triumphs in 1998 and 2007 . This is not the first time controversy of this kind has hit the sport . In 2006 Australian Quinten Hann was given an eight-year ban from the sport when he was found guilty of breaking rules relating to match-fixing . Match fixing in sport is frequently linked to illegal betting syndicates , where bribes are offered to influence the outcomes of sporting events . Simon Clare , a spokesperson for British-based bookmakers Coral , believes worldwide regulations on gambling would prevent illegal betting . "  The sports betting market is absolutely immense , it 's millions -LSB- of dollars -RSB- a week being bet . When there is those sums of money changing hands , if it 's not a regulated betting market , if people are n't license holders , then there 's more to gain for them " said Clare . With the British betting market heavily regulated , Clare believes there would be no benefit for companies like Coral in taking these risks . It is in coutries where gambling is illegal that Clare says the problem lies . "  There 's nothing to gain for a legal , licensed firm to be involved in corruption because it would be the end of a very lucrative business for them . "	A British newspaper claims John Higgins accepted a bribe to throw frames in future matches "  My conscience is 100 per cent clear , " said Higgins The Scotsman denies taking a bribe at any point in his career
Concepcion , Chile  CNN  -- Aid and increased security were flowing Wednesday into hard-hit areas of Chile , but some residents complained that they still had not received food or water since Saturday 's massive earthquake killed more than 800 people . President Michelle Bachelet urged residents Wednesday to remain calm despite the shortages and lawlessness in Concepcion , Talcahuano and other areas of central and southern Chile . For the second consecutive day , she also warned that looting will not be tolerated . "  Nobody can argue that taking a refrigerator is an act of survival , " Bachelet said . "  That is simply vandalism and delinquency . " An overnight curfew remained in effect for the third day in Concepcion , the scene of the worst looting . Authorities said they would take whatever steps are necessary to keep order , and 35 people were arrested for curfew violations . A military presence and citizen patrols appeared to maintain order in the nation 's second-largest city , though CNN 's Sara Sidner said that about 10 percent of the stores in the downtown business district appeared to have been looted . "  There was a moment when this was no-man 's land , " one resident said . "  This place was like the Wild West . " Some supermarkets were open , though checkout lines lasting two to three hours were common . The death toll increased to 802 , with nearly 600 of those fatalities occurring in the Maule region , the National Emergency Office said Wednesday . Nineteen people were missing , said Patricio Rosende , the assistant interior secretary . Thirty trucks loaded with food and water arrived late Tuesday in Concepcion . The supplies were being distributed Wednesday . The city 's mayor , Jacqueline Van Rysselberghe , said it was a good start but not nearly enough . The aid , she told CNN Chile , would be distributed in areas where there has been little or no looting . Concepcion is less than 10 miles inland from Talcahuano , but the two towns suffered far different fates . In Concepcion , the fatalities and injuries were largely the result of buildings that collapsed . In coastal Talcahuano , the damage was caused by a tsunami that roared into town about an hour after the quake . When the waters receded , they left large boats stranded inland . In spot , four shrimping vessels lay in a heap , stacked on top of each other . Much of the gritty port city looked as if a bomb had exploded in it : its buildings reduced to rubble , which was covered with debris . See scenes of devastation from the quake The greatest number of deaths occurred in the Maule region , where disaster visited two cities in different ways . In the central city of Talca , an ancient municipality , the earthquake wiped out many of the older adobe structures , crushing hundreds of residents . In the coastal city of Constitucion , a large wave caused most of the deaths ; officials said half of the city was damaged . Many Maule area residents said they had received no help . "  We have not received any aid from anyone . Nothing . Nothing , " said Carlos Basoaldo , one of 6,000 residents of the coastal hamlet of Pelluhue . "  They are only concerned about the big cities , " Basoaldo told CNN Chile . Security , too , remained a concern . The mayors of Concepcion , Hualpen and Talcahuano had urgently requested military help , and Bachelet said that more than 13,000 soldiers were being dispatched . Many of those soldiers started to reach their destinations Tuesday . But World Vision 's emergency operations manager said the situation was safe enough for the non-governmental organization to distribute aid in two villages near Concepcion . "  Fortunately enough , we had the collaboration of the government and the army , " Michael Black said from Santiago . He credited the extension of the curfew from 6 p.m. until noon . "  What emergency operations are doing is , they 're trying to arrive with supplies through the city of Concepcion during the curfew , " he said . "  That has worked really well . " Among the items distributed by the Christian humanitarian group were 10,000 blankets , 5,000 liters of water , 3 tons of food and thousands of sleeping bags , he said . Santiago , which suffered damage from the quake but was well on its way to recovery Wednesday , is about 270 miles  435 km  northeast of Concepcion . Concerns about the safety of those buildings that were damaged in the quake were heightened Wednesday afternoon , when a 5.6-magnitude aftershock struck 30 miles south southwest of Valparaiso , according to the U.S. Geological Survey . Residents in coastal cities in Chile started to evacuate Wednesday after officials in the fishing village of Dichato and in the city Concepcion warned of a possible tsunami and said they had one hour to leave low-lying areas . The evacuations were halted minutes later when the National Emergency Office said there was no tsunami warning . Since Saturday 's 8.8-magnitude earthquake , the region has suffered more than 120 aftershocks of 5.0 magnitude or greater , USGS Geophysicist Don Blakeman said . Eight of them have been 6.0 or stronger , he said . The aftershocks further stressed a frightened population . "  The vast majority of the population , if not everyone at this moment , has some symptoms like anxiety , fear , depression , " said Dr. Graciela Rojas , a psychiatrist at the University of Chile 's clinical hospital . "  I would say that the next three months will be a time of fear and sadness . " "  Basically , we are all under great stress , " Dr. Matias Gonzalez , a psychiatrist at the University of Chile . "  People are afraid ; they want to protect their families , and they function emotionally , not rationally . " The minister of public works said the country 's major highways are open and no part of the country is isolated . In addition , Sergio Bitar said , air connections were being re-established , ports were being fixed , and food and fuel supplies were sufficient . "  There is public order , " he said . "  It was a giant earthquake , but we are handling it well . " But Chile 's economy , considered by many the most competitive in Latin America , also has taken a hit . About 70 percent of the nation 's economic production has been affected , particularly fruit and mining sectors , CNN Chile said , citing analysts ' observations . But officials said Wednesday that they are working to fix some sectors affected by lack of electricity and other necessities . For example , Treasury Minister Andres Velasco said , about 60 percent of the nation 's banks are open . "  Our economy has dealt very well with this situation , " Velasco said . He and Bachelet tried to reassure Chileans that there were sufficient supplies of food , fuel and other goods and urged residents not to hoard . CNN 's David Ariosto and Tom Watkins contributed to this report .	NEW : 19 people remain missing , official says Curfew remained in effect for third day in Concepcion , scene of worst looting 70 percent of Chile 's economy affected by quake , particularly fruit and mining sectors
CNN  -- History , we are told , is immutable . What has happened can not be changed and , when lessons are not heeded , is doomed to repeat itself . The entertainment industry , however , has been known to tamper with our historical memories , changing them to fit a story or to create an entirely alternate version of history . Developers at Ubisoft decided to leave real history alone but explore its gray , murky areas where creative license can still exist in their upcoming video game , "  Assassin 's Creed III . "  It 's set for release October 30 in North America . The latest game in the action-adventure series is set during the tumultuous times of the American Revolution . The young nation that would become the United States is just forming and trying to establish itself as independent from the British monarchy . With redcoats on one side and a wild frontier on the other , colonists want the ability to determine their own fate without the crown taking its pound of flesh  or , for that matter , tea  . Stepping into this historical arena for a video game could be problematic since the time period is so well-known and the men and women of the time are revered for their accomplishments . Steven Masters , lead game designer for "  Assassin 's Creed III , " said there was a lot of pressure to make sure they got the history right . "  We 're treating these characters with respect , " he said . "  We have so much information about how these people were thinking , what they were thinking , what they were feeling , how they felt about the Revolution . We were able to portray these characters accurately and give the history the service it deserves . " Masters said the abundance of knowledge about the era actually creates problems for game makers . Instead of rehashing what has already happened in a simulation-type game , "  Assassin 's Creed III " aims for the gray areas of history and focuses on events that may not have a clear-cut explanation . With Wikipedia and online searches , it would n't take much effort to pinpoint historical inaccuracies in the game . What developers aimed for were moments in time that are less clear or perhaps have conflicting histories . Masters gives an example of a soldier who died on the battlefield . "  Was he shot ? Was he stabbed ? Was it friendly fire ? That sort of thing allows us to go in and insert our version of the history and tell our story , " he said . That 's not to say major historical events wo n't be represented in the game . Players will be involved in such iconic events as the Boston Tea Party and the battle at Bunker Hill . Masters credits having a historian on staff during the development process for keeping them on track and not letting them take too many liberties . Historian Maxime Durand worked with UbiSoft for more than three years to include and accurately represent key elements of history . While his expertise was Canadian history , his knowledge of the time period in American history was exactly what they were looking for . Because the main character , Connor Kenway , is of mixed heritage  half American Indian , half British  , he also looked into the Native American culture from that time to help develop the character . "  We took a look at all the different tribes that were close to New York and Boston in the period , " Durand said . "  We decided to choose Mohawk because they were the most interesting that appeared during the Revolution . We worked with members of the tribe because we wanted to be appropriate , be respectful as well as be historic . " Masters said it was important to be accurate with the Mohawk history because it serves as the basis for Connor 's motivations . There is an entire sequence of the game spoken in the Mohawk language , and Connor 's village is represented as well . "  Considering the general treatment of Native Americans in video gaming , I think we 've got one of the strongest and most accurately portrayed characters that has ever been created , " he said . "  I 'm really excited to let people see that and bring that to the front . " Durand worked on making Boston and New York , two of the major locations in the game , as accurate to the period as possible using old maps and building drawings from the era . He thinks players could just wander around in those cities and be amazed at all the detail in the look and feel of the areas . People in those cities also react to in-game events that have recently transpired . "  If you 've just played the Boston Massacre sequence , in the next sequence people are already talking about that event and offering a point of view about that , " Durand said . Besides offering historical knowledge to help build the story , Durand also had to keep in mind the game franchise 's back story -- a never-ending battle between the Templars and Assassins . "  We wanted to explain events in our own way , " he said . "  The outcome was always the way history showed it , but how it got there may be a bit different . " "  We 're about reliving history , " Masters added . "  We 're about going to those moments and seeing them happen through the history behind the known history . " To bring such a vast , historically rich time period to life , the team needed to have something with more power to represent the huge battles during the Revolution from the perspective of Connor . The game features a new engine called AnvilNext , which allows for greater resolution and more elements on screen at one time . "  To re-create Bunker Hill , that was going to take a completely different technology , " Masters said . "  You want to be there and experience it . You want the grandeur of that massive battle happening around you . " AnvilNext also helped them accurately represent naval battles  which are new to the series  in the Chesapeake Bay and dynamic weather conditions , both of which played critical roles in history and could not have been done with their previous game engine . Masters said his team really wanted to do everything possible to immerse the player in the era as fully as possible so they could feel like they were taking a "  historical vacation . " "  It 's a chance for people to go and experience the history in a way you ca n't from just reading a book or listening to a lecture , " he said . "  The power of interactivity allows us storytelling potential for an interesting and compelling way to hear these stories . "	"  Assassin 's Creed III " puts American history on center stage Designers built a Revolution-era America without changing the big picture Creators consulted Mohawk tribe for info on the game 's main character The game will be released October 30 in North America
Editor 's Note : This is the last in a five-part series exploring Judge Sonia Sotomayor 's background and life with those who know her , revealing the experiences that might shape her views as a Supreme Court justice . Sotomayor was nominated to U.S. district court in 1991 and federal appeals court in 1997 . CNN  -- Sonia Sotomayor had been a federal appeals court judge for about four months when Ellen Chapnick got a phone call in 1998 . The Columbia Law School lecturer 's students had worked and studied with Sotomayor as part of a program at the school , but Chapnick figured the partnership had come to an end with the judge 's new job . "  She called me up and said , ` You know , I really miss your students . Is n't there something we can do about that ? ' " recalled Chapnick , now Dean of the Social Justice Program at the school . "  And , of course , a judge rarely asks a question when she does n't know the answer . " That call , and the partnership that would continue another six years , captures the essence of the woman who has spent years on the federal bench , friends and colleagues said . They remember a tireless worker spending late hours in her chambers or on projects like the college course : A tough decision-maker who would pick apart any lawyer foolish enough to come to court unprepared ; a thoughtful jurist whose years as an aggressive prosecutor endeared her to law enforcement even as she developed a reputation as a social liberal ; and a child of the Bronx who maintained a heart for people from all walks of life as she ascended to the legal world 's loftiest positions . "  Her hobby is people , " said Chapnick , who became friends with the woman now going through Senate confirmation hearings on her nomination to the U.S. Supreme Court . "  I 've been in situations with her when everybody else around the table is a lot ` less important ' -- if you define importance by positions of power and prestige -- and she 's asking them questions . " Watch Chapnick on how Sotomayor put students ` through the wringer ' " In 1984 , Sotomayor , now 55 , worked at Pavia & Harcourt , a "  boutique " law firm in New York that focuses on international business issues . Her job included representing Fendi , the Italian luxury goods company that wanted to crack down on imposters selling knockoffs of its high-end handbags . Steven Skulnik , a colleague at the firm , remembered tagging along with Sotomayor on a police raid of a counterfeit operation in Harlem . He waited in the van . Sotomayor charged out alongside the officers . "  She had no fear , " said Skulnik , now with the New York firm Squire Sanders . "  That 's just her personality . She 's the first one in . " He and others also recall her working long hours with a laser-like focus as she prepared for a case . " -LSB- Co-workers -RSB- would walk by in the morning , and she 'd be reading something or writing something , " he said . "  You 'd say , ` Hi , Sonia , ' and she would n't even look up . She did n't notice . "  She would really bore in and make sure there was nothing about the case that she did n't understand . " That dedication hit her private life , Sotomayor has admitted . She told ABC 's "  Good Morning America " in 1986 that her workload "  was a contributing factor " in the divorce three years earlier from Kevin Noonan . Work also made it difficult to date then , she said : "  A man who calls you three times and all three times you answer , ` I 've got to work late . ' ... After the third time he begins thinking , ` Gee , maybe she 's not interested . ' " She left the law firm to take up President George H.W. Bush 's nomination in 1991 and served as a U.S. District Court judge from 1992 to 1998 . President Bill Clinton nominated her for a seat on the 2nd District U.S. Appeals Court in 1997 , and she was confirmed more than a year later by the Senate to the position she still holds . See Sotomayor 's life in pictures " Sotomayor 's most high-profile moment on the bench -- and the one that probably brought her as close as a judge ever comes to winning fans -- came in 1995 , when , with a stroke of the pen , she ended the Major League Baseball strike . The 1994 playoffs and World Series had been scrubbed because of the strike and the following season was threatened . Sotomayor , a lifelong Yankees fan , ruled in New York district court in favor of the players against the owners who she said were trying to undermine the league 's labor system . She told lawyers she did n't need to hear witnesses or see more documents after their arguments . See some of Sotomayor 's high-profile decisions " Chapnick said Sotomayor later talked about the case with a touch of irritation about some of the attention that came with it . Sotomayor remembered critics saying it was "  outrageous " that a woman was deciding a case about baseball , Chapnick said . "  She said , ` Why do n't they ask me ? I 'd tell them I had a mitt growing up , ' " Chapnick recalled Sotomayor saying . In her attorney and judgeship years , Sotomayor has made a good living , but not an extravagant one . She earned about $ 230,000 in her last year at Pavia & Harcourt and not much more as a judge , according to a questionnaire filed with the Senate . Of about $ 1.1 million in assets , nearly $ 1 million is the home she owns in Manhattan -- nice , but not exorbitant by the borough 's standards . At Blue Ribbon Bakery , nearby her Greenwich Village home , workers say Sotomayor , who was diagnosed with diabetes as a child , stops in almost daily for sturgeon toast or breadsticks and a cup of decaf . She 's thought of as just another neighbor and customer , Sasha Acosta-Cohen said . At work , Sotomayor the judge is described as straightforward , direct and no-nonsense . See how Sotomayor might fit in with the Supreme Court justices " A former clerk said she can be "  prickly from the bench " but is friendly away from it . "  When she 's in oral arguments , and when attorneys show up and they 're either unprepared or are maybe raising a weak argument , she 's very quick , and she 's very exacting and intellectually demanding , " Robin Car said . Away from the bench "  she 's really just a warm , extremely kind and caring person . " Car recalled a 2001 conference at Hofstra University at which Sotomayor introduced Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia , one of the court 's most conservative members . "  I think he was a little bit unsure what she was going to say or what she was going to do , " Car said . "  She went , and she did the introduction , and he responded , ` Wow , that was the most thoughtful introduction I 've ever received . ' " "  Thoughtful " is a word Chapnick also used to describe Sotomayor . She remembers a letter from a former student telling her how , as a Hispanic woman from a poor background , she 'd been inspired by Sotomayor during the course the two taught together . In reviews of the course , students wrote "  not just how it shaped their view of the law but how it shaped their view of themselves , " Chapnick said . She said the last time she saw Sotomayor , the prospective Supreme Court justice joked with her about their course , saying a possible move to Washington was no reason to quit . At least , Chapnick said , she thinks it was a joke .	Colleagues recall Sotomayor as tireless , focused worker "  Her hobby is people , " says friend , former Columbia University colleague Critics call her "  prickly " ; former aide says tough talk is saved for the bench Lifelong Yankees fan 's most high-profile case ended baseball strike
An imam and leader of the Shiite Muslim community in Trinidad and Tobago was sentenced to life in prison for conspiring to attack a New York airport by exploding fuel tanks and fuel pipelines under the airport , the Justice Department said Friday . Kareem Ibrahim and several other co-conspirators believed the 2007 planned attack would cause extensive damage to John F. Kennedy International Airport and to the New York economy , as well as kill many people , officials said . Ibrahim , 65 , was convicted in May by a federal jury on multiple terrorism offenses after a four-week trial . The plot originated in 2006 when Russell Defreitas , a naturalized U.S. citizen from Guyana who used to work at JFK as a cargo handler , planned the attack and then recruited others , according to officials . In May 2007 , Defreitas gave Ibrahim video surveillance and satellite imagery of the targets because Ibrahim had connections to militant leaders in Iran , the Justice Department said . During cross-examination at trial , Ibrahim admitted he advised the plotters to present the attack plan to revolutionary leaders in Iran and to use operatives ready to engage in suicide attacks at the airport , according to the Justice Department . On one of the recorded conversations entered into evidence , Ibrahim told Defreitas the attackers must be ready to "  fight it out , kill who you could kill and go back to Allah . " Ibrahim was arrested along with two others in Trinidad in June 2007 and later extradited to the United States . He was convicted of conspiracy to attack a public transportation system , conspiracy to destroy a building by fire or explosive , conspiracy to attack aircraft and aircraft materials , conspiracy to destroy international airport facilities , and conspiracy to attack a mass transportation facility , the Justice Department said . Defreitas was arrested in New York and convicted of terrorism charges in 2010 and sentenced to life in prison .	Kareem Ibrahim was convicted in May of conspiring to attack JFK airport He is sentenced to life in prison for his role in the 2007 plot Ibrahim was a leader of the Shiite Muslim community in Trinidad and Tobago
A voice on the intercom woke Danielle Miller and told her to put on her life jacket and run to a deck . Not knowing what the emergency was , she nervously woke up her roommate and did just that . The emergency , as she and other passengers would learn , was a fire that started in the rear of Royal Caribbean 's Grandeur of the Seas cruise ship about 2:50 a.m. Monday while it was heading to the Bahamas , sending guests to the decks under the night sky . Though it never lost power , the ship was diverted to Freeport in the Bahamas , and the fire , which began in a mooring area , was extinguished just before 5 a.m. , the company said . The ship 's 2,224 guests and 796 crew members initially were headed to CocoCay , Bahamas , but the ship was redirected to Freeport for evaluation , Royal Caribbean said . Miller said it was a scary race topside . "  We probably ran up to that deck faster than we ever ran before , " Miller said by phone from Freeport on Monday afternoon , a few hours after the ship docked . "  We were terrified , though , and a lot of people were just crying and freaking out . " Two guests were treated after fainting , and medical staff also responded to reports of high blood pressure and an ankle sprain , Royal Caribbean said . Five things we 've learned about cruising Royal Caribbean spokeswoman Cynthia Martinez said she did n't have further information about the medical reports , "  but the ship has told us that there are no medical emergencies onboard . " The fire started on an aft mooring deck and spread to the fourth deck at the crew lounge area before it was extinguished , U.S. Coast Guard spokeswoman Marilyn Fajardo said . Information on the fire 's cause was n't available , she said . Miller and the rest of the passengers will be flying home from Freeport because the company canceled the rest of the voyage Monday afternoon . Royal Caribbean said it was arranging flights to get passengers back to Baltimore , where the ship left port on Friday on a seven-night cruise . The first flight carrying cruise guests from the Bahamas left Tuesday morning , and flights will continue throughout the day , Royal Caribbean said . All passengers will receive refunds for this cruise and a certificate toward a future cruise , Royal Caribbean said . The company apologized for the stress to passengers and thanked them for their "  patience and cooperation in dealing with this unfortunate situation . " After a bad cruise , can you cruise into court ? Cruise goers will miss scheduled port calls at CocoCay and Nassau in the Bahamas . CocoCay is Royal Caribbean 's "  private island paradise " in the Bahamas , according to its website . Video captured by Miller and her friend , Katie Coleman , shows guests gathered on a deck , seemingly calm , wearing orange life jackets and listening to instructions . "  We 're on deck right now , 3 a.m. , in our life jackets . Not a drill , not a joke , " a narrator in Miller 's video says . The ship arrived at Freeport about 10:15 a.m. , Royal Caribbean said . Throughout , the power , propulsion and communications systems were uninterrupted , the company said . Cruise passengers get bill of rights "  In an abundance of caution , the captain deemed it necessary to muster all guests at their assembly stations during the incident , " the company said in a news release . Everyone aboard was accounted for , and guests have been allowed to return to most staterooms and public areas , it said . The company 's president and CEO , Adam Goldstein , and other officials with Miami-based Royal Caribbean headed to Freeport on Monday morning to meet guests , she said . Two U.S. Coast Guard cutters escorted the Bahamian-flagged cruise ship to Freeport , the Coast Guard said . The service said that it , the National Transportation Safety Board and Bahamian officials would conduct a joint investigation to determine the fire 's cause . Miller said she did n't know initially why guests were being gathered on deck . "  Before we went to bed , there was a pretty bad storm , and the ship was really rocking , so our first thought was that we were sinking , because they said ` life jackets ' and run , " Miller said . "  We got up to the deck , and we see the lifeboats being lowered down . ... We did n't know what was going on for about a half-hour , when they made an announcement that there was a fire . " Spate of fires poses problems for cruise industry She said the crew handled the situation well . "  Even though it was terrifying , they tried their best to make everyone comfortable . They 're so well-trained that I felt confident that we would be OK , " she said . The 916-foot-long ship was launched in December 1996 and refurbished in May 2012 , the company said . Several cruise ship incidents have made headlines in the past year and a half . In January 2012 , 32 people died when the Costa Concordia capsized off Italy 's coast . Captain in Costa Concordia accident to be tried In February this year , an engine room fire left the Carnival Triumph adrift in the Gulf of Mexico , with passengers reporting overflowing toilets and human waste running down the walls in some parts of the ship . In March , the Carnival Dream cut short a Caribbean cruise , with Carnival reporting that the ship 's emergency generator failed . And this month , authorities say , a man and a woman on the Carnival Spirit went overboard off Australia 's coast ; they are presumed dead .	Passengers are being flown back to Baltimore from Freeport on Tuesday , company says One woman says a lot of people were "  freaking out , " but crew handled it well A fire began on Grandeur of the Seas Monday with 2,224 guests and 796 crew aboard Two faintings and a sprained ankle reported but no medical emergencies , company says
Washington  CNN  -- Two state supreme court justices from neighboring states find themselves in disagreement these days -- not over a legal issue , but over how they should have gotten their jobs . The two justices , Ohio Chief Justice Thomas Moyer and Pennsylvania Justice Seamus McCaffery , were both elected in statewide votes . Moyer said having to raise funds can erode public confidence in the courts . "  Going out asking for money creates a real strain in my judicial work , and I ca n't promise or predict to voters how I would decide a particular issue , " Moyer said . "  It conflicts with the idea that judges are and should be impartial and not be influenced by anything , especially money . " But as Pennsylvania 's newest elected high court member , McCaffery said it was a treat visiting all of his state 's 67 counties on his Harley-Davidson motorcycle . "  That 's the beauty of having electoral process where we need to be responsive to the community , " said the Philadelphia former cop-turned-judge . "  And I think it 's important that judges should be out there . It 's just as important as other elected officials . " The experiences of both men are now at the forefront of a growing national debate over selecting judges . Twenty-one states have some sort of contested system for top judges . The other 29 states , along with the District of Columbia and the federal government , appoint their judges , often under a merit-based selection system in which the governor gets the final say . Some , including retired U.S. Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O'Connor , are pushing for reform , saying election-based systems could raise doubts about a judge 's impartiality . "  Studies show that roughly 70 percent of the public believe judges are influenced by campaign contributions , and more than one quarter of judges agree , " O'Connor said in an exclusive interview with CNN . "  This is alarming because the legitimacy of the judiciary rests entirely on its promise to be fair and impartial . A judge 's sole constituency should be the law . If the public loses faith in that impartiality , then there is no reason to prefer the judge 's interpretation of the law to the opinions of the real politicians representing the electorate . " O'Connor is lending her reputation , her energy and her name to a new project , the O'Connor Judicial Selection Initiative . The initiative assists state-level efforts to name judges by merit-based selection systems , not elections . "  This initiative is a matter of great importance to our country , " O'Connor said . "  The amount of money poured into judicial campaigns has skyrocketed , intensifying the need to re-examine how we choose judges in America . I believe it is our moral duty and obligation to restore the public 's confidence in our judicial system . " The O'Connor Judicial Selection Initiative was created by the Denver , Colorado-based Institute for the Advancement of the American Legal System . The group 's founder and director , Rebecca Kourlis , said O'Connor has long been a passionate defender of judicial independence . "  Justice O'Connor adds practical experience with a system -LSB- in her home state of Arizona -RSB- that works , and she adds a perception of balance and moderation -LSB- in -RSB- that she has never been associated in the minds of the public with extremes on either side of the political ledger , " said Kourlis , a retired justice from Colorado 's Supreme Court . Kourlis said she senses increased momentum for change on the national level , partly because of a U.S. Supreme Court ruling in June that arose from a judicial scandal in West Virginia . In the so-called Caperton Caper , the U.S. Supreme Court found that West Virginia Supreme Court of Appeals Justice Brent Benjamin acted improperly when he refused to remove himself from a 2006 civil appeal . The court ruled that there was a perceived conflict of interest in the 2006 case because Benjamin had previously received financial support from the CEO of the key defendant . "  What the -LSB- U.S. Supreme Court -RSB- made clear in ` Caperton ' was that judges are different , that campaign donations need to be thought of in a different way when those donations are going to fund a judicial campaign , " Kourlis said . "  It put on the front burner those questions of propriety with respect to campaign donations to judges and how that impacts people 's perception of impartiality on the bench . " Nevada has scheduled a ballot initiative that could make it the first state in 15 years to switch from a voter-based selection of judges to a merit-based selection . Ohio , too , has begun rethinking its voter-based system . Moyer , who has been through four elections on the state high court , said he notices voters growing more skeptical of judges . That perception , he said , is fueled in part by negative ads from political and business interests with a stake in elections . "  The only way to eliminate the public distrust is to eliminate money from the process , " Moyer said . Moyer is heading an effort that would give the governor and an independent review panel the power to select state judges . Voters could then decide a few years later whether to retain those justices . Many states that choose judges by merit also have accountability systems that include independent performance evaluations and retention votes . Supporters call that a transparent , unbiased tool for the public to essentially "  judge the judge " on their record . McCaffery knows his personality and personal story helped get him elected . An Irish immigrant , he used his law enforcement background to get a spot as a Philadelphia trial judge , famously dealing with unruly football fans at the small "  Eagles Court " underneath Veterans Stadium . The bald , burly judge with an easy grin was elected in 2007 and says he enjoys his work . "  I 'm electable , not appointable , " he said during the run for his seat . "  If I 'm elevated , I am responsible to the citizens -- not the governor , not the folks who talk about merit selection . " McCaffery calls the merit-based system "  elitist . " The 19 states that held state supreme court elections in 2007 spent a combined $ 34.4 million , shattering previous campaign spending records . In 2008 , nearly $ 20 million was spent on TV advertising for the 15 states that held contested elections for 26 supreme court seats . The political and financial stakes have become enormous , from ideological groups sparring over abortion rights and gay marriage to business groups dueling with trial lawyers over multibillion-dollar punitive damage awards . Reform advocates say judicial independence comes only with public confidence in the system . "  People do n't like the notion of cash in the courtroom -- any whiff of any expectation that judges can be bought is just not acceptable in our country , " Kourlis said . "  People understand how important it is to have an impartial judge . From your own personal perspective , walking into a courthouse , you do n't want to be asking whether that adverse party donated to that judge 's campaign . "	Former Supreme Court justice wants to reform the way judges are chosen Twenty-one states have some sort of contested system for selecting judges Reform advocates say campaign contributions can bring judges ' impartiality into question Elected judge in Pennsylvania says it 's "  elitist " to appoint judges
CNN  -- I was introduced to pop -- soda for you Southerners -- at a young age . My parents used it as a treat , like birthday cake . As I got older , I remember having pop around the house all the time . As a kid , my drink of choice was Mountain Dew . I loved the taste of an ice cold Dew on a hot summer day . A lot of my favorite memories are associated with its sweet taste . As I matured , my taste changed to Diet Pepsi and , more recently , Diet Coke . I enjoyed starting my day with a Diet Coke before the first period class arrived . It was part of my relaxation routine -- a comfort drink , so to speak . The taste , the sound , the "  fizz . " I would tell people , "  I need my caffeine . " 10 reasons to give up diet soda I was aware of all the health problems that have been linked to drinking pop . It never stopped me . The empty calories , the dangers of sugar and artificial sweeteners could n't sway me . I had to have it . After my first dose in the morning , I crashed a few hours later . I experienced huge energy swings throughout the day . I had acid reflux disease . But those could n't be because of what I drank , could it ? This habit had a trickle-down effect to my children . I had it in the house at all times . My girlfriend kept it in her house as well . But it was n't a habit I wanted my two teenage girls starting up . I wanted to be a better role model . My words do n't hold much value if I am drinking what I tell them that they can not , I thought . Then , on December 30 , that all changed . After I was selected to be part of the CNN Fit Nation team , I decided to take a look at all aspects of my life . What can I do to make myself healthier ? I asked myself . How the ` Sassy Six ' came to be That day , I decided to do the unthinkable : I quit drinking pop . Do n't assume this has been easy for me . I struggle with the thought of it . I miss it and can still taste it six weeks later . Giving up pop has been one of the most difficult things I have done , and yet it 's also one of the healthiest . Although I miss every aspect of drinking a Diet Coke every day , I know my body feels better . I feel less dependent on this comfort food . If I 'm having a bad day , I do n't have to run upstairs and grab a Diet Coke . I definitely have more energy , and my body does n't ache . I have not had an issue with acid reflux since I quit . Is that a coincidence ? I think not . Now I have to retrain my brain . Water has become my drink of choice . I know ... water is boring . But I have come to appreciate how good an ice cold glass of water actually tastes . The desire to change myself into a healthier version became more important than the desire to drink pop . It took me a while to realize that I needed to make that change . I wish I had listened to my body sooner ! I challenge you to do the same . Will you give up pop with me ? Or make another small change in order to be healthier ? Tell me your plan in the comments below , and share your success with me on Twitter @TriHardMike . Sugary drinks linked to 180,000 deaths worldwide Why you should celebrate small victories	Mike Wilber decided that he was going to give up soda to become healthier His acid reflux and energy swings have disappeared since making the switch to water Follow Mike 's journey training for a triathlon on Twitter @TriHardMike
CNN  -- Egyptian Muslims attended Christmas services Friday in a show of solidarity with Coptic Christians days after a bombing killed 23 congregants in the country 's north . Coptic Christians celebrate Christmas Day according to the Julian calendar , and observed it on Friday this year . Security was tight around churches after the blast on New Year 's Day outside the Church of the Two Saints in Alexandria . Congregants were forced to empty their pockets before the start of the service as part of security measures set up after the bombing . "  Police plan a large-scale security operation for tonight to protect Egypt 's Coptic Christians and their churches . " Col. Alla Mahmoud of the interior ministry said Thursday . Protests have broken out in Christian areas of Egypt every night since the car bombing outside the Church of the Two Saints in Alexandria . Hundreds of officers -- outfitted in helmets with visors , body armor and carrying shields and night sticks -- lined the streets , leaving a path for demonstrators to pass . Egyptian authorities have released a sketch of a man they think is responsible for the attack . "  The man in the picture is unknown and authorities are trying to confirm his identity , " Mahmoud said . The interior ministry used forensic technology to recreate the face of the suspected suicide bomber . About 9 percent of Egypt 's 80 million residents are Coptic Christians . Coptic Christians base their theology on the teachings of the Apostle Mark , who introduced Christianity to Egypt , according to St. Takla Church in Alexandria , the capital of Coptic Christianity . The religion is known for its rift with other Christians in the fifth century over the definition of the divinity of Jesus Christ . Journalist Ian Lee contributed to this report from Cairo	Police beef up security around churches Coptic Christians make up 9 percent of Egyptian population A bombing kills 23 congregants in the country 's north
Olympian Bruce Jenner and Kris Jenner , the mother of TV 's Kardashian clan , have separated after 22 years of marriage , according to the network that airs their reality show . "  We are living separately and we are much happier this way , " E! News quoted the former couple as saying in a joint statement Tuesday . "  But we will always have much love and respect for each other . Even though we are separated , we will always remain best friends and , as always , our family will remain our No. 1 priority . " The couple have two daughters -- Kendall and Kylie -- together . Kris Jenner , 57 , is also mother to Kim , Kourtney , Khloe and Rob Kardashian from her marriage to the late lawyer Robert Kardashian . Bruce Jenner , 63 , won an Olympic gold medal in the decathlon in 1976 . Representatives for the couple did not immediately respond to CNN 's request for confirmation or comment .	"  We are living separately and we are much happier this way , " Jenners tell E! The couple have two daughters -- Kendall and Kylie -- together Kris Jenner is also mother to Kim , Kourtney , Khloe and Rob Kardashian
Hong Kong  CNN  -- North Korea conducted a live-fire drill Tuesday near its disputed western sea border with the South , immediately inviting a stern rebuke from its neighbor . "  The South Korean Army , Air Force and Navy is fully prepared for possible North Korean provocation , " said Kim Min-seok , a South Korean defense ministry spokesman . "  If North Korea launched fire toward the  South Korean maritime border  , we will respond with counter fire . " The drill lasted about 15 to 20 minutes , with no shells landing in South Korean waters , the South Korean military said . Pyongyang had notified Seoul that it would be conducting the exercises . But the move follows U.S. President Barack Obama 's visit to the region and amid a number of other belligerent actions by the Communist nation . Preparations for a nuclear test Late last week , South Korean officials reported that North Korea had completed the steps needed to conduct a nuclear test , including the sealing of a tunnel at the Punggye-ri site in northeastern North Korea , which analysts say is the final preparation for testing a device . The North Korean analyst website 38 North , part of the U.S.-Korea Institute at Johns Hopkins University , says other activity consistent with final preparations for a test had been observed on satellite imagery . South Korea : North Korea ready for nuclear test Further sanctions During his visit to South Korea , Obama warned of further sanctions if North Korea carried out any unsanctioned nuclear test . The test preparations also come as an American tourist was detained by North Korean officials . The North engaged in similar exercises at the end of March , which resulted in an exchange of fire between the two neighboring countries . Opinion : 3 ways to thwart N. Korea nukes	No shells landed in South Korean waters Analysts : Strong likelihood that the North is preparing for another nuclear test U.S. President Obama warns of further sanctions should North detonate a nuclear device
CNN  Now comes the hard part for Maria Sharapova . Having reached the Australian Open final , she 'll have to overcome longtime nemesis Serena Williams . To utter that Sharapova is the underdog Saturday is like saying Roger Federer is a decent player . World No. 1 Williams leads the second-ranked Sharapova 16-2 in their rivalry -- but has won 15 matches in a row . During that streak , she has conceded three sets to the Russian . If that 's not enough , Williams has never lost a semifinal or final in Melbourne , her record improving to 11-0 after topping fellow American Madison Keys 7-6  5  6-2 Thursday in the semifinals . Sharapova , meanwhile , has failed to win a major outside Roland Garros in seven years . But all the imposing statistics do n't appear to be fazing the ever steely Sharapova , who last downed Williams at the year-end championships in 2004 . "  I think my confidence should be pretty high going into a final of a grand slam no matter who I 'm facing , and whether I 've had a terrible record against someone , it does n't matter , " Sharapova , a 6-3 6-2 winner over compatriot Ekaterina Makarova Thursday , told reporters . "  I got there for a reason . I belong in that spot . I will do everything I can to get the title . " Some would say , too , that Sharapova has fate on her side . She was almost knocked out in the second round , needing to save a pair of match points against qualifier Alexandra Panova . And only last year Li Na took advantage of her second chance in Melbourne , fending off a match point in the third round before going on to capture a second grand slam title a week later . Since the second round , Sharapova has n't come close to dropping a set . "  Everyone 's going to expect me to win , but Maria is playing unbelievable , " Williams was quoted as saying by the WTA 's website . "  She was almost out of the tournament and came back , and she 's playing better in every single match . "  She has nothing to lose , once again , " Williams later told reporters . "  She has only things to gain . And I feel that way , too . "  I 've won this tournament several times . I do n't have to go out there and have another title . I want it , but it 's not life or death for me . I think that helps me relax . So , yeah , she absolutely has nothing to lose , and I have nothing to lose , so it will be fun . " Williams is chasing a 19th grand slam title , which would separate the 33-year-old from retired legends Martina Navratilova and Chris Evert . She ultimately had too much game -- and experience -- for the 19-year-old Keys , who made her debut in a grand slam semifinal after eliminating Williams ' older sister , Venus , in her maiden grand slam quarterfinal Wednesday . The big-hitting Keys , continuing to play with tape on her injured left thigh , broke for an early lead in the first set . Once Williams settled , though , she was rarely troubled on serve . It took a little longer than anticipated for Williams to finally oust Keys , with the teenager saving eight match points . "  I was a little frustrated at the end , " Williams said . "  I had so many match points and just could n't close it out and that does n't usually happen . "  But in retrospect , she was playing very well . She served so well . I 'm a really big fan of hers . She 's so awesome , so positive , just a great player . " Not only did Williams defeat Keys , but she later got a chance to meet one of her favorite singers , Kenny Rogers . Sharapova 's win over Makarova , who was appearing in a second straight grand slam semifinal , was n't as dramatic although the five-time grand slam champion did let a 3-0 first-set advantage fade . The turning point came when Makarova was broken at 3-4 in the opening set . The night match on Rod Laver Arena on Thursday saw two-time grand slam winner Andy Murray beat 2010 Wimbledon finalist Tomas Berdych 6-7  6  6-0 6-3 7-5 to reach the men 's final . On Friday , top-seed Novak Djokovic battles defending champion Stan Wawrinka in the other semifinal .	Serena Williams to meet Maria Sharapova in women 's final Both players advanced in straight sets Thursday Williams leads Sharapova 16-2 in their rivalry Andy Murray beats Tomas Berdych to reach men 's final
An attorney for Rep. Ron Barber  D-Ariz .  is raising the prospect of a long , drawn-out battle over control of his Tucson-area district , a seat once held by his former boss Gabby Giffords , as his contest with Republican Martha McSally looks increasingly likely to head to a recount . Kevin Hamilton , Barber 's legal counsel , said Wednesday that the campaign is n't taking "  anything off the table " in potentially challenging the outcome of the race when it 's certified next month . "  There are lots of potential options . There is the ability to file an election contest under state law . There 's a recount that goes forward , and as we 've seen in other states that can affect the outcome of the election , " he said . "  There 's a range of options and we 're not taking anything off the table . " McSally , as of the last vote tally , leads Barber by just 161 votes , a margin that will trigger an automatic recount after the state certifies the vote Dec. 1 . But Barber 's campaign has identified more than 130 ballots in Pima County they say were illegitimately thrown out , and say there are likely others . The campaign attempted to delay the vote certification in Pima and requested those ballots be included , but the request was denied Tuesday . And while they 're pursuing another delay in the district 's other county because of similar ballot issues on Thursday , Democrats admit they 're not optimistic it will be granted . Democrats wo n't publicly address the prospect of pursuing legal options in the race , and Hamilton declined to comment specifically on what those options might be . But he at times compared the situation in Arizona 's 2nd district to Sen. Al Franken 's  D-Minn .  2008 reelection legal fight , which dragged on for more than eight months . "  In the Franken recount , there was an effort to add in wrongfully rejected ballots in the recount and we can talk about that if we get to that point , " Hamilton said . Under state law , however , Barber would have to wait to file a legal challenge until after the secretary of State has certified the results of the election , which is due Dec. 1 . In the meantime , McSally is already moving forward with her duties as though congresswoman-elect . She arrived in Washington this week for freshman orientation , and her spokesman said she 's "  very confident " her lead will hold after the entire process is through . Barber 's seat is just one of a handful not yet called from this year 's midterms . Two House races in Louisiana are going to runoffs next month , and two House races in California are still too close to call .	Rep. Ron Barber is down in his reelection fight against GOP challenger Martha McSally Barber 's counsel said all options are on the table The latest count had Barber down by 161 votes
CNN  A massive brawl involving two dozen people at a Queens , New York , casino was captured on video Friday night . The cell phone video shows a number of men throwing punches and even chairs into crowds of people . Stanchions can be seen flying and being used as weapons in the chaotic scene . The fight took place in the food court area of Resorts World Casino where approximately 300 people were still at the scene when police arrived , according to the New York Police Department . One witness told CNN affiliate WCBS the scene was "  chaotic " and compared it to a World Wrestling Entertainment event . The brawl took place in front of Fat Tuesday , which opened at the food court Friday . Police said that there was a drink special advertised at the casino . Several thousand dollars ' worth of damages was done to the casino , police said , and an officer was taken to the hospital for a hand injury . Three men were arrestted in connection to the brawl , according to police . Two of the men were given a summons for disorderly conduct and released , while the third remains in custody and has been charged with obstructing governmental administration , resisting arrest , and disorderly conduct . Police were not able to confirm the cause of the fight and the case is still under investigation , the NYPD said . CNN 's Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	The video shows people throwing chairs and stanchions Friday was the grand opening of Fat Tuesday at the casino Three men have been arrested
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu does not deny a report that he told U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and U.S. Ambassador to Israel Dan Shapiro "  not to ever second guess me again " on how to deal with Hamas , though he said the report did not reflect the general "  tone and substance " of the calls . "  First let me make a general statement about our relationship with the United States , " Netanyahu said in English on Saturday evening when an American journalist asked about the report from Matt Lee of the Associated Press . "  I think the United States has been terrific . " Netanyahu then praised President Barack Obama 's "  unequivocal stand with Israel on our right to defend ourselves " as well as the "  untiring efforts " of Kerry . He also called Shapiro "  a great ambassador " and thanked Congress for passing an additional $ 225 million to help Israel pay for its Iron Dome defense system . Some Israeli officials believed the attempt by Kerry and U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon to broker a cease-fire with Hamas -- the militant group that controls Gaza and which the U.S. government considers to be a terrorist organization -- was ill-conceived . Just 90 minutes into the 72-hour cease-fire , Israel accused Hamas of breaking it with an attack on Israeli soldiers through one of its tunnels . Though officials tend to sing from the same song sheet in public , there is a clear behind-the-scenes tension between the Obama and Netanyahu administrations over many issues , sources tell CNN -- including whether Israel 's military operations in Gaza are excessive and resulting in preventable civilian deaths . In his news conference Saturday night , Netanyahu attempted to lump in the Associated Press report , which neither American nor Israeli officials have denied , with a supposed transcript of a phone call between Obama and Netanyahu that has been widely rejected as bogus by officials in both governments . "  There is a lot of support and we deeply appreciate it , and that is the substance of our relationship , that 's the tone of our relationship , which gets to the question of these reports that are not only of my conversation with Ambassador Shapiro but also with the President that are full of incorrections , full of distortions and are wrong in both tone and substance . "	AP report said Benjamin Netanyahu had warned John Kerry on second-guessing him Netanyahu does n't deny it , but says the report missed the general "  tone " of the calls "  I think the United States has been terrific , " Netanyahu adds Sources say the Obama and Netanyahu administrations are at odds over Gaza
Miami , Florida  CNN  -- For Marco Rubio , life was simpler when it was tea time all the time . When he was gunning for the Republican nomination for the U.S. Senate in Florida , the former speaker of the Florida House of Representatives aggressively courted the state 's conservative Tea Party activists . That strategy worked . Rubio was suddenly a Tea Party favorite . His stunning rise in the polls forced Florida 's more moderate governor , Charlie Crist , to bolt the GOP primary to run as an independent . But the race is now more complicated , with Rubio competing in a three-way battle royal against both Crist and the Democratic nominee , South Florida Rep. Kendrick Meek . Rubio 's grass-roots campaign has put together a team of high-powered Washington and Texas-based GOP consultants . Over the summer , this son of Cuban exiles distanced himself from Tea Partiers on one of the conservative movement 's key issues , Arizona 's tough anti-illegal immigration law . "  The original law allowed for racial profiling . I do n't think they intended that . I do n't believe they did . But the original language in that law allowed for racial and ethnic profiling . And they changed that , to their credit , a week later . They passed a bill that changed that , " Rubio said . Still , Rubio does n't want even the amended Arizona legislation to become the law of the land . "  I do n't think the Arizona bill should serve as a model for the rest of the country , " he added . In an interview with CNN , Rubio blamed both parties for the nation 's problems and said he plans to be his own man if elected to the Senate . "  I represent the things I stand for , " Rubio said . Tea Party activists in Florida still support Rubio . But one of the movement 's leaders , South Florida Tea Party Chairman Everett Wilkinson , says he will be watching Rubio 's moves closely . "  When you send a politician to Washington , you 're always worried whether you 're going to get the same guy back , " Wilkinson said . One of the biggest worries among Tea Partiers is that Rubio will be another Scott Brown . The Massachusetts Republican had the backing of the Tea Party in his race to replace the late Sen. Ted Kennedy . But as a senator , Brown has shown his own independent streak and has voted on occasion with the Democrats . Not to fear , says Rubio , who is set to speak at a Tea Party rally in Florida later this month . But the 39-year-old Republican nominee has good reason to consider a move to the political middle in this swing state . Crist 's new ads tout the governor as a fresh independent voice , forcing both Rubio and Meek to defend their respective political bases . That 's created a fascinating sideshow in this three-ring political circus : an alliance of sorts between the Tea Party-backed Rubio and Meek . Nearly every day , both the Rubio and Meek campaigns send out e-mails blasting Crist . One of Meek 's e-mails showcases a recent newspaper editorial in Florida that slammed Crist as a "  campaign chameleon . " "  Charlie Crist is trying to be indefinable in this race . And that has an expiration date on it . And that date has come and passed , " Meek said in an interview with CNN . Crist declined to be interviewed for this story . "  I think people deserve to know what the next U.S. senator from Florida is going to be about , " Rubio said . "  The last thing we need in Florida is a political opportunist . "	Marco Rubio 's rise in the polls was fueled partly by Tea Party activists Crist decided to run as an independent , complicating the race for Rubio Rubio 's grass-roots campaign managed by high-powered Washington and Texas GOP consultants Both the Rubio and Meek campaigns send out e-mails blasting Crist
CNN  -- Top seed Dinara Safina battled from a set down to defeat Belarusian teenager Victoria Azarenka at the French Open , but there was no escape for scheduled semifinal opponent Maria Sharapova who suffered a humiliating exit . Sharapova bowed out of the French Open after suffering one of her worst career defeats . Sharapova was thrashed 6-0 6-2 by Slovakia 's Dominika Cibulkova in her last-eight match on Tuesday while fellow Russian Safina overcame 19-year-old Azarenka 1-6 6-4 6-2 . It could have worse for former world number one Sharapova as Cibulkova had a match point to mark her first Grand Slam quarterfinal by dishing out the dreaded double bagel . Sharapova survived and she saved three more match points in the 12th game of the second set before her resistance crumbled completely with a netted forehand . It was her heaviest loss since she went down 6-1 6-1 to Serena Williams in the fourth round in Miami in 2007 . Sharapova , playing only her second tournament since a 10-month lay-off because of a shoulder injury , was bidding to reach her second semifinal following a run to the 2007 last four . The Russian star , whose ranking slumped to 104 in the world during her time off the tour , had won both her previous matches against the pint-sized , 20-year-old Cibulkova and both were on clay . But Cibulkova was in complete control , breaking in the first , third and fifth games of the opening set . The Slovakian was then quickly 1-0 ahead before receiving a code violation for taking too long between points . It did not throw her off her stride and she was soon flat out on the dirt surface of Court Suzanne Lenglen in celebration . Safina was given the runaround in the first set and was at one stage being held at 4-4 in the second , but recovered her poise on Philippe Chatrier court . Ninth seed Azarenka had beaten Safina at Indian Wells earlier this year and had also won three titles in 2009 , in Brisbane , Memphis and Miami . She played an almost perfect first set in just 23 minutes , but Safina then found the form that had seen her lose just five games in her run to the quarters opening a 4-1 lead in the second . Azarenka fought back to make it 4-4 but Safina rallied again to take the set -- and break in the opening game of the third . World number one Safina , who has yet to win a grand slam , finished the stronger to wrap up victory in an hour and 52 minutes . "  I just did n't take the chances I had , " said Azarenka . "  Shedefinitely stepped it up and played some good points at key moments , which I have to give her credit for . It 's all experience . Hopefully I 'll do better next time . "	Dinara Safina battles from set down to beat Victoria Azarenka at French Open Maria Sharapova was thrashed 6-0 6-2 by Slovakia 's Dominika Cibulkova Cibulkova now faces semifinal with world No. 1 Safina who won 1-6 6-4 6-2
CNN  -- When Dawie van der Walt said capturing the Nelson Mandela golf championship was "  special , " you can believe him . He is South African , and his title came a day before the funeral of the country 's first black president and former Nobel Peace Prize winner . Mandela died last week at the age of 95 , with tournament officials then switching the dates of the event so it did n't conflict with the funeral . It was subsequently shortened to 54 holes due to persistent rain . "  Winning The Nelson Mandela at this time , when it 's sad for everyone , everyone is mourning and tomorrow 's the big day , it means a lot and it 's something I can keep close to my heart forever , " the world No. 337 told the European Tour 's website . "  It 's obviously really special , making you a part of history . "  I have n't been in that good form , I 've been struggling with an injury , so this is almost overwhelming . To win the last event of the year is going to make Christmas a lot more fun . " Van der Walt won his first title in South Africa in March but slumped thereafter , missing the cut at the majority of his tournaments . He had to come from behind to ensure victory Saturday , leapfrogging England 's Matthew Baldwin at the 12th hole in Durban following an eagle . Van der Walt registered a four-under 66 and finished at 15 under overall to beat Baldwin and Spain 's Jorge Campillo -- the author of a 59 Friday -- by two shots . "  I was pretty relaxed coming home , " said van der Walt . "  It helped that I had been in that position before . "	South Africa 's Dawie van der Walt wins the Nelson Mandela golf championship It was a ` special ' victory for van der Walt , his title coming a day before Mandela 's funeral Van der Walt beat Matthew Baldwin and Jorge Campillo by two shots in Durban The 337th-ranked van der Walt triumphed on the European Tour for a second time
Athens , Greece  CNN  -- Greek Prime Minister George Papandreou 's reshuffled Cabinet survived a vote of confidence early Wednesday despite widespread opposition to budget cuts he says are needed to prevent a government default . International lenders have demanded Greece cut spending , lay off public workers , raise taxes and raise 50 billion euros  $ 71 billion  through selling off state-owned enterprises in exchange for another bailout deal for the cash-strapped nation . Weeks of protests against the austerity measures spurred Papandreou to shake up his government last week , leading to Wednesday 's 155-143 vote . Analysts warn that a Greek default could cripple the euro , the European Union 's common currency , and send shock waves throughout the world economy . Lawmakers are slated to vote on the privatization plan and further tax increases , pension cuts and layoffs on June 30 , and European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso warned Greece risks being abandoned by both Europe and the International Monetary Fund if it fails to act . "  There is no alternative to this program . Let 's face it , " Barroso told CNN on Tuesday . "  And that 's why it has to be clear . We need Greece to deliver , and if Greece wants this program of support , Europe is ready to support it . " Greek Finance Minister Evangelos Venizelos said Tuesday he was encouraged by bipartisan support he received from main opposition leader Antonis Samaras on the austerity plan , which Venizelos said he would take to Eurogroup ministers July 3 . Harsh reforms designed to help reduce Greece 's enormous budget deficit have so far led to tax hikes and public-sector job losses alongside already record-high unemployment . Papandreou faces opposition from within his own ruling socialists over the austerity measures needed to secure an additional bailout package . On Sunday , international lenders demanded that Greece stick with tough austerity measures and raise billions of euros by selling off state assets in exchange for further support . Airports , highways and state-owned companies as well as banks , real estate and gaming licenses will all go on the auction block . On June 9 , the Cabinet approved a tough five-year plan for 2011-15 and introduced a bill in Parliament to put austerity measures into effect . The government proposes reducing the public-sector workforce by 150,000 ; workers will also face changes in working hours , practices and wages , and the plan also sets out changes to social benefits , including pensions and unemployment aid . Protests against those plans turned violent June 15 as demonstrators threw gasoline bombs at the Finance Ministry and police fired tear gas at protesters , police said . But Papandreou did not change course , telling lawmakers over the weekend , "  The government must stop spending more than it takes in . " According to the Finance Ministry , these measures will help achieve 28.3 billion euros  $ 40.5 billion  in cuts from 2012 to 2015 and shrink Greece 's public deficit to less than 3 % of gross domestic product , in accordance with the EU target . CNN 's Diana Magnay and journalist Elinda Labropoulou contributed to this report .	NEW : Papandreou 's government survives confidence vote EU chief says Greece has "  no alternative " to austerity plans Greece plans to raise taxes , cut pensions and sell off assets as part of a bailout A Greek default likely would send shock waves across the world economy
Mental Floss  -- Even in the midst of the Civil War , there was still one thing the North and South shared -- a serious addiction to caffeine . Confederate troops were less likely to get a cup of coffee . In that respect , the Union clearly had an advantage . Not only did the North have more than two-thirds of the population and control most of the heavy industry , railroads , and financial reserves in the country , it hoarded supplies of the highly addictive little bean , leaving the Confederacy to wage its own war against java deprivation . Coffee : It 's what 's for breakfast , lunch and dinner Throughout the Civil War , coffee was as prevalent on the battlefields as it is in offices today . In fact , the Union army was fueled by the stuff to the point that , if there was no time to boil water , the Boys in Blue would chew on whole beans as they marched . And at night , Union campsites were dotted with tiny fires , each boiling a pot of coffee like a million miniature Starbucks . Beyond caffeine cravings , Union troops loved their coffee because it was , literally , the best thing on the menu . Before the advent of helpful  and tasty !  artificial preservatives , a marching soldier 's rations were neither varied nor particularly appetizing . Typically , they consisted of salted meat , unleavened bread  accurately christened "  hardtack "  , and a little sugar and salt . It did n't help that Union supply chains were riddled with corrupt food contractors who charged the government top dollar for rotten , stale , and insect-ridden foodstuffs . Coffee , however , was almost always fresh because it was delivered in whole-bean form -- making it difficult for even the most dishonest supplier to skimp on quality . Not that they did n't try , of course . In fact , officials began requesting coffee as whole beans after some crooked contractors tried to up their per-pound profits by slipping sand and dirt into packages of ground coffee . In 1861 , hoping to cut down on the time soldiers spent roasting and grinding beans , the army switched to a concentrated proto-instant coffee . The new concoction , called "  essence of coffee , " was made by boiling prepared coffee , milk , and sugar into a thick gloop , which soldiers then reconstituted by mixing it with water . The product reportedly tasted every bit as bad as you 'd imagine , and thanks to the corrupt dairymen who sold the army spoiled milk , it also tended to cause diarrhea . Needless to say , the Union army was soon back on the bean . Southern discomfort Noxious as essence of coffee was , Confederate soldiers would have gladly downed a cup or two . But , because of a Union naval blockade , coffee  along with weapons , machinery , medicine , and other vital materials  was in short supply in the South . Before the war , a pound of beans would have set you back around 20 cents in Yankee dough . Once pre-war stockpiles ran out , however , the same amount was running as high as $ 60 in Confederate money .  Despite the undervalued currency , that was still a lot . There was some coffee that made it into the Confederacy -- usually carried by steam-powered blockade-runner ships . But , for the most part , Southerners had to rely on coffee substitutes , including various forms of roasted corn , rye , okra seeds , sweet potatoes , acorns , and peanuts . Unfortunately , all these imitations lacked potency , tasted awful , and upset the bowels . The only slightly better alternative was tea made from the leaves of the native yaupon shrub . The good news was that it contained caffeine ; the bad news was that it was incredibly difficult to digest . Luckily , there was one surefire way for Southern folk to get their coffee -- by making peace with the Union . Soldiers on the front lines often called informal truces so Rebels could swap tobacco for Yankee coffee and then dash back to their camps before they were reported missing . E-mail to a friend For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Coffee was a hot commodity in the Civil War Union troops had it for breakfast , lunch , dinner Suppliers sometime ground dirt into beans Blockade kept coffee had to get for Confederate troops
CNN  It 's a club that has recently been embroiled in an unsavory racism controversy but that has n't deterred a leading Japanese tire manufacturer deciding that Chelsea are the right fit for a shirt sponsorship deal . Financial details were undisclosed but English Premier League leaders Chelsea 's deal with the Yokohama Rubber Company is reportedly worth $ 62 million a year allowing the tire manufacturer to emblazon its brand across the front of the London club 's shirts for five years starting next season . The deal is second only to Manchester United 's agreement with Chevrolet -- worth $ 81 million a year -- and demonstrates the English Premier League 's continuing global appeal . Chelsea 's current kit sponsor is South Korean company Samsung . "  This shirt partnership with Chelsea will give Yokohama an opportunity to showcase our company to a huge worldwide audience thanks to Chelsea 's ever-growing popularity , " said Yokohama chief executive officer and chairman Tadanobu Nagumo . "  We look forward to launching our iconic new Chelsea Yokohama shirt this summer . " Chelsea , who play Tottenham Hotspur in the League Cup final on Wembley , are the most watched Premier League team on television globally , with over 31,000 broadcast hours -- and more than 500 million fans , according to the west London club . "  Chelsea and Yokohama are a perfect fit . Both are global organizations with a focus on performance and innovation , as well as having huge ambition and an unwavering culture of success " said Chelsea Chairman Bruce Buck . "  We believe that Yokohama will play a key role in helping us drive our global expansion in international markets such as the U.S. where they have operated with distinction for many years . " The sponsorship deal with Yokohama is being widely credited as a success for Christian Purslow , who was appointed to run Chelsea 's global commercial activities in October -- as well as providing a likely treasure trove for the club 's manager Jose Mourinho to dip into during the summer transfer months . The announcement follows a 36 % rise in shirt sponsorship income for English Premier League clubs on the 2013/14 season -- with European clubs getting $ 777m from sponsors in a bid to get their brand on some of the world 's biggest clubs ' kits . Whilst the Middle East is a burgeoning sponsor in Europe -- United Arab Emirates and Qatar based companies spent $ 181m this season -- it 's a Japanese brand that 's now scored a deal with Chelsea .	Chelsea sign shirt sponsorship deal with Yokohama Rubber Company Ltd The five-year deal is reportedly worth $ 62 million a year "  Chelsea and Yokohama are a perfect fit " said Chelsea Chairman Bruce Buck
CNN  -- The mother of a Florida girl who jumped to her death announced Monday that she will sue those she believes responsible for her daughter 's suicide -- less than a week after authorities dropped criminal charges against two girls accused of cyberbullying Rebecca Sedwick . The civil wrongful death lawsuit has not yet been filed , and mother Tricia Norman did not specify the targets of the future legal action . Rebecca , 12 , died after jumping from the top of an abandoned concrete plant in September . Norman said Monday she wants to use her daughter 's suicide "  to make society a better place to live . " "  I 'm going to make sure other children are not tormented like my daughter was , " Norman said in a news conference in Orlando . Authorities said Rebecca killed herself after months of cyberbullying from fellow students . The abusive behavior that authorities say prompted her suicide grew from a dispute between Rebecca and a former classmate over a boy they had both dated , police said in October . Should parents be criminally liable for kids ' cyberbullying ? Authorities initially charged two girls , ages 12 and 14 , with aggravated stalking , but the charges were dropped last week . The state attorney 's office declined to comment about the dropped charges and referred CNN to the girls ' defense lawyers , who praised the decision and said there was no evidence of stalking . Police said the abuse included messages such as "  nobody cares about u , " "  i hate u , " and "  you seriously deserve to die . " Rebecca had already cut open her wrists months before the jump , but survived that suicide attempt . Norman 's attorney , Matt Morgan , on Monday called on Florida lawmakers to come up with a "  Rebecca 's Law " -- legislation that Morgan says would allow the state to file bullying charges against minors and their parents . Mom sends birthday message , promises to fight bullying	Stalking charges were dropped last week against two girls accused of bullying girl Mother : "  I 'm going to make sure other children are not tormented like my daughter was " Rebecca Sedwick died in September after jumping from a building
London , England  CNN  -- Britain is facing an increasing threat from lone home-grown terrorists , especially among radicalized Muslims in the prison system , a report from a security think tank said Friday . There is the potential for a "  new wave " of terrorism in Britain that is shifting from large-scale bombings requiring considerable amounts of training and operational support toward lone individuals carrying out attacks on a smaller scale , according to the report from the Royal United Services Institute . "  Rather than sending out trained ` cell leaders ' to conduct preparation for sophisticated operations , AQAP  al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula  and other related organizations have recently been content to send out a higher number of lone individuals  or at least lightly supported ones  whose chances of success are considerably lower , but whose number and presence raise similar public anxieties , " the report said . "  Eventually , it is reasoned , one of them will be lucky enough to succeed in a major way against high-profile targets in Western countries . " One trend contributing to the "  new wave " of terrorism is the escalating rate of radicalization of Muslims in the British prison system , which the report says may produce as many as 800 "  potentially violent radicals . " "  Jihadist radicalization is believed by the prison authorities to be taking place at a rapid rate , especially in the eight high-security institutions where most terrorist prisoners are kept , " the report said . Prison probation officers believe that around one in ten of the 8,000 Muslim prisoners in high-security institutions in England and Wales are successfully targeted , the report said . These prisoners were not previously convicted of terrorism offenses , it said . "  The prison chaplaincy , including its Muslim adviser , told a parliamentary committee last year that the situation was becoming progressively worse , " the report said . "  It remains to be seen how much of this ` new radicalism ' may find actual expression in violent acts or attempts at recruitment . " The use of more lone individuals in carrying out attacks can be seen in the case of Yemeni-American cleric Anwar al-Awlaki , suspected in the failed bombing of a Detroit-bound passenger plane on Christmas Day last year , the report said . The U.S. Treasury Department last month designated al-Awlaki a key leader for al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , and he is believed to be hiding in Yemen . The report also cited the failed Times Square bombing May 1 in New York , to which 30-year-old Pakistani-American Faisal Shahzad has pleaded guilty . "  This new breed of jihadists have only tenuous links to any major terrorist organisation and receive little training and few resources , increasing the difficulty for the police and intelligence services in tracking and intercepting them , " the report said .	Prison radicalization may produce as many as 800 new offenders , the report says The report identifies a potential "  new wave " of terrorism from individuals It says the threat may also come from radicalized Muslims in prison
CNN  -- Two days after Islamist militants abducted an undetermined number of hostages -- including Westerners -- at a gas plant in a remote section of Algeria , "  ongoing activity at various locations " was continuing , a British official said Friday . It was not clear whether that activity represented "  mopping up and checking " or "  something more active " being carried out by Algerian forces against the abductors , the official told CNN . Algerian forces launched their operation upon noticing the hostages being moved toward "  a neighboring country , " where kidnappers could use them "  as a means of blackmail with criminal intent , " Algerian Communications Minister Mohamed Said told state television on Thursday . The British official said there was a "  significant " number of British victims and others were unaccounted for . British Foreign Secretary William Hague was to release more information Friday from Australia , and a parliamentary statement will be issued , the official said . The official 's account was in line with Prime Minister David Cameron 's warning of "  bad news ahead " issued late Thursday Algerian troops fired on at least two SUVs trying to leave the kidnapping site , Algerian radio said , citing local sources . And an Algerian reporter saw clashes near the site , the Algerian Press Service and radio reports said . "  There were a number of dead and injured , we do n't have a final figure , " Said reported . Earlier , Algeria 's state media reported that all Algerian nationals who had been held hostage were free : some had fled , while others were released . The hostages still detained are foreigners , Algerian Interior Minister Dahou Ould Kablia said . In addition to the hundreds of freed workers , 30 Algerian workers escaped and were picked up by helicopters , the APS report said . Nearly 600 workers and four foreign nationals -- two Scots , a Kenyan and a French citizen -- were free by late Thursday after the Algerian military operation , the state-run Algerian Press Service reported . But some hostages were still presumably being held . "  It is a fluid situation , it is ongoing , " Cameron told the Reuters news agency . "  I think we should be prepared for the possibility of further bad news , very difficult news , in this extremely difficult situation . " The Algerian military operation led to numerous casualties and was over by Thursday evening , the Algerian Press Service said . But U.S. and British officials predicted it would resume Friday during the day . "  There are still hostages , and there are still terrorists , " a senior U.S. official said . "  So tomorrow is another day . " Two people -- an Algerian and British national -- died Wednesday when the Islamist militants attacked , the same news agency said . The Algerians and foreign workers were taken hostage early Wednesday in an assault carried out apparently in response to France 's offensive in neighboring Mali . The gas field is 60 kilometers  40 miles  west of the Libyan border and 1,300 kilometers  about 800 miles  from the Algerian capital , Algiers . The kidnappers were equipped with AK-47 rifles and put explosives-laden vests on some of the hostages , a U.S. State Department official said . Islamists take foreign hostages in attack on Algerian oil field On Wednesday , the attackers had put the number of hostages at "  more than 40 , " including seven Americans , two French , two British and other Europeans . Another Islamist group told the Mauritanian News Agency there were 41 "  Westerners . " The APS , though , reported that slightly more than 20 foreign nationals were being held . Officials from Norway , the United States , Japan and Britain said some of their nationals were among the hostages . Three workers for a Japanese engineering company that was working on the site had been contacted and were safe , said Takeshi Endo , a senior manager for JGC Corp. . But the company had not been able to contact 14 others , he said . "  There is so much conflicting information on safety of the hostages , " Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told reporters in Tokyo . "  Safety of 14 Japanese citizens still remains unknown . " He said Japanese officials had urged the Algerian government to avoid exposing the hostages to danger . "  We are terribly disappointed about the Algerian 's military operation , " he said . Nine Norwegian employees of Statoil were unaccounted for , while five Norwegian nationals -- as well as three Algerians -- who work for the company were safe , the company said in a statement . CNN affiliate BFM-TV reported that a French nurse who was working on the site at the time of the attack was freed . Former hostage Stephen McFaul had plastic explosives strapped around his neck , duct tape over his mouth and rope around his hands , his brother Brian McFaul told CNN from Belfast . McFaul made a break for freedom after the vehicle he was in -- one of several targeted by Algerian fighters -- crashed , with the explosives still around his neck . "  The joy was unreal , " Brian McFaul said upon hearing his brother was safe . "  I have n't seen my mother move as fast in all my life , and my mother smile as much , hugging each other ... You could n't describe the feeling . " Americans were among the hostages at the In Amenas facility in Algeria , White House spokesman Jay Carney said without specifying how many . There could be as few as three American hostages , two U.S. officials said Wednesday . One of the kidnapped Americans is a Texas man , a family member told CNN . By Thursday night , some Americans had been freed and had spoken with relatives back home , while others remained unaccounted for , U.S. officials said . "  This incident will be resolved -- we hope -- with a minimum loss of life , " said U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . "  But when you deal with these relentless terrorists , life is not in any way precious to them . " The man behind the group claiming responsibility for the attack and kidnappings is a veteran jihadist known for seizing hostages . Moktar Belmoktar , an Algerian who lost an eye fighting in Afghanistan in his teens , has long been a target of French counterterrorism forces . Libyan sources said he spent several months in Libya in 2011 , exploring cooperation with local jihadist groups and securing weapons . Two oil companies that operated at the site -- BP and Statoil -- said they were pulling non-essential personnel from Algeria . "  Our focus is 100 percent on the safety and welfare of those people and their families , and we are now beginning a staged and planned reduction in non-essential workforce on a temporary basis , pulling them out of the country , " said BP Vice President Peter Maher from London . The militants said they carried out the operation because Algeria allowed French forces to use its air space in attacking Islamist militants in Mali . Media in the region reported that the attackers issued a statement demanding an end to "  brutal aggression on our people in Mali " and cited "  blatant intervention of the French crusader forces in Mali . " U.S. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta , in Europe meeting with NATO allies , called the hostage-taking "  a terrorist act . " Japan and the United Kingdom sent officials to Algeria . French President Francois Hollande earlier confirmed the presence of French citizens on the site but would not say whether any were hostages . Cameron -- who canceled a planned Friday speech in the Netherlands -- talked Thursday with U.S. President Barack Obama about the situation , according to a Downing Street statement . Before Algeria launched its military operation , U.S. officials had urged the Algerians to be cautious and make the hostages ' safety their first priority , an Obama administration official said . Algerian government officials did not warn their U.S. counterparts about the raid , the official said . A senior U.S. official said U.S. officials did not trust the information they were getting from the Algerians , "  because we hear one thing and then we hear something else . " Though there was concern that the Algerians ' tactics may have put hostages in jeopardy , the official acknowledged they could have hit even harder . "  In all fairness , they could have ended it today , " the senior U.S. official said . "  They have n't used all the severeness they could . They know hostages are left . " CNN 's Tom Watkins , Joe Sterling and Greg Botelho wrote this story from Atlanta . CNN 's Dan Rivers , Elise Labott , David Mattingly , Athena Jones , Barbara Starr , Jethro Mullen , Tim Lister and Faith Karimi contributed to this report , as did journalists Peter Taggert from Belfast and Said Ben Ali from Algiers .	British official says there is "  ongoing activity at various locations " near gas plant in Algeria British Prime Minister David Cameron warned there could be "  bad news ahead " British , Norwegian , U.S. and Japanese citizens are among those held hostage "  There are still hostages , and there are still terrorists , " a senior U.S. official says
CNN  -- Leanne McCain said she did n't know about Wreaths Across America until her husband , Bryant , was killed in Afghanistan in November 2011 . Now she 's a big supporter of the program , which places holiday wreaths on his gravestone and the resting places of other war dead at Arlington National Cemetery . "  There are so many people who do n't have any family or friends , especially the older veterans , " said McCain , of San Antonio , Texas . "  For them to get a wreath at Christmas is incredible . " Thanks to a surge in donations , wreaths will cover more than half the gravestones at Arlington this year . Two weeks ago the group Wreaths Across America only had enough money for 95,000 wreaths at Arlington , far short of its goal of 135,000 , said Amber Caron , Wreaths Across America spokeswoman . But news stories about the wreath shortage caused a flood of late donations . "  We ended up with more than our goal at Arlington , placing a little more than 143,000 wreaths there today , " Caron said Saturday . About 25,000 people braved the cold to participate , she said . Donations came from all over . High school students attending School of the Ozarks in Point Lookout , Missouri , kicked in $ 5,000 . School spokeswoman Emily Hughes said students were saddened by the wreath shortage because alumnus General Tommy Bell is buried in Arlington . "  The students have a club called Pitch in for Patriots and even though they were out of school due to snow , they used social media to message each other and voted to donate $ 5,000 of their club money , " Hughes said . Caron said Arlington has about 240,000 grave markers . Volunteers always make sure to cover Section 60 , the area of the cemetery with soldiers from the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan . Each wreath costs about $ 15 to make . The Worcester Wreath Co. in Maine makes the wreaths and trucks them to Arlington where they 're fixed to the graves . The tradition started in 1992 , when the company donated 5,000 wreaths . Caron said many people do n't realize the program is funded by donations , not the government . McCain said she found out about Wreaths Across America through Facebook . "  For this organization to do this is incredible , " she said . Last year , more than 400,000 wreaths were donated -- 100,000 to Arlington alone -- and placed at cemeteries in all 50 states . This year about 540,000 wreaths were placed nationwide , Caron said . Caron said the ultimate goal is to cover every gravestone in Arlington , which is marking its 150th anniversary next year . Any donations made to the group 's website will go toward the 2014 effort , she said . People , groups or businesses can donate or sign up to volunteer at the organization 's website .	Wreaths Across America placed 143,000 wreaths at Arlington A late surge in donations allowed group to meet its goal School of the Ozarks in Missouri donated $ 5,000 Nationwide , more than 500,000 wreaths were laid Saturday
Abu Dhabi  CNN  -- All indications are that sanctions against Iran are really starting to bite and this time it is coming from the oil ministry in Tehran , which for months has denied that oil production was suffering due to international pressure . In an interview with the Iranian Student News Agency  ISNA  , Gholam Reza Kateb a member of the national planning and budget committee in Parliament referenced a report from Iran 's oil minister Rostam Qasemi . In that report , the minister suggested that oil revenues in the country plummeted 40 percent , while gas and gas products ' export revenues fell by 45 % compared to the same period last year . Read more : Official : Iran , nuclear watchdog group deal close This is a hot button issue in Iran , where the currency due to sanctions has dropped 80 percent from its peak in 2011 . The Iranian people are faced with spiralling inflation and job layoffs within the state sector . I spoke with a source in Iran 's representative office to OPEC who declined to comment and referred all matters to the Oil Ministry . A spokesman at the state oil company Iran Petroleum would only say "  in this political climate it is difficult to confirm these statements . " Read more : Iran steps up uranium enrichment , U.N. report says Hours later , a spokesman from the Ministry told another Iranian news agency , Mehr , that the numbers quoted about revenue and production drops are not true , although he offered no specific numbers . Until this report to the Iranian Parliament , Minister Qasemi has maintained that Iran 's production was hovering around four million barrels a day , where it was two years ago . Read more : Opinion : Time to defuse Iranian nuclear issue Back at the OPEC Seminar in June 2012 , the minister told me that sanctions would not have any influence on plans to expand production and investment , shrugging off questions that suggested otherwise . This despite analysis to the contrary from the Paris based International Energy Agency and Vienna based OPEC of which Iran is a member . The IEA back in July suggested that Iraq surpassed Iran in production for the first time in over two decades and production in Iran dipped to 2.9 million barrels a day . OPEC in its October 2012 survey said it slipped to 2.72 million at the time Minister Qasemi said output remained at 4 million barrels . Minister Qasemi was recently quoted at a conference in Tehran that Iran needs to invest $ 400 billion over the next five years to maintain production targets and to play catch up after years of under investment . Iran is a land full of potential . According to the annual BP Statistical Review , Iran sits on nearly 10 percent of the world 's proven reserves at 137 billion barrels . The South Pars field which it shares with Qatar is one of the largest natural gas fields in the world -- but Iran , due to sanctions , can not expand development . This is a highly charged period . With elections in mid-June , it remains unclear how energy policy will evolve after the era of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad passes . It has been eight years of his tough line against Washington , Brussels and other governments that put forth sanctions against Iran . It is not clear if a new President will usher in a new nuclear development policy to ease the pressure on Iran 's energy sector and the country 's people .	The IEA has suggested Iraq surpassed Iran in output for the first time in over 20 years The Iranian people are faced with spiralling inflation and job layoffs within the state sector Iranian oil revenues in the country plummeted 40 percent , while gas export revenues fell by 45 %
CNN  -- As the death toll from Syria 's almost year-long uprising continues to climb , Syrian Foreign Minister Walid Moallem vowed to defend his country 's "  independence . " "  We are not happy to see brothers killing each other . But this is our country . But we will defend our sovereignty and independence , " he told reporters . The minister said no one is dying in Syria because of hunger or sickness and that despite the "  economic international boycott , " his government is providing all necessary services . "  Do you think there is a government in this world ...  that cares  about Syrian people welfare more than the Syrian government ? I do n't see this logic , " Moallem said . As day broke on Tuesday , four people were killed across Syria , opposition activists said . At least 144 people were reported killed Monday , including 64 who died in a "  horrifying massacre " at a checkpoint in Homs province . Those killed at a checkpoint in the Abel area were attempting to flee shelling in the Baba Amr neighborhood in the city of Homs , said the Local Coordination Committees of Syria , a network of opposition activists . "  Reports said security members and thugs kidnapped the women among them , " the network said in a statement . Residents found 47 corpses in one area and 17 in a second one , it said . A total of 68 corpses were found in the area , in farmland in western Homs province , said the opposition Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , apparently referencing the same incident . The bodies were found after an injured survivor reported the attack , the group said . All the bodies had been either shot or stabbed . In all , 104 people were killed Monday in Homs , an opposition stronghold , according to the LCC . They included four defected soldiers , three woman and three children . The deaths came on a day when Syrian officials announced that the nation 's new draft constitution received approval and the European Union imposed new sanctions on the country amid ongoing clashes . The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said earlier explosions rocked Homs and shelling was occurring in Baba Amr . Twenty people were wounded when a large shell struck an anti-government gathering in Homs , the group said . Meanwhile , Interior Minister Mohammed al-Shaar announced that 89.4 % of voters approved the draft constitution , and 57.4 % of eligible voters cast ballots . President Bashar al-Assad 's regime has touted the constitutional referendum as a move toward reform . Syria announced the referendum amid intense international cries to stop the bloodshed and open its regime to change . But analysts and protesters widely describe the effort as a farce , a superficial attempt to pacify al-Assad 's critics . "  We dismiss it as absolutely cynical . ... Essentially , what he 's done here is put a piece of paper that he controls to a vote that he controls so that he can try and maintain control , " U.S. State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said of the referendum and al-Assad . She cited the ongoing violence in such cities as Homs and Hama and asked : "  How could you possibly have any kind of a democratic process in conditions like that ? " Aid efforts were under way in the midst of the violence . The Syrian Red Crescent and the International Committee of the Red Cross entered the province of Hama on Monday to provide aid to civilians , said Simon Schorno , spokesman for the Red Cross . A one-month supply of food , along with blankets and hygiene kits , were distributed to 12,000 people , he said . Beatrice Megevand-Roggo , the Red Cross ' head of operations for the Middle East , said a handful of aid workers were also able to go into Baba Amr . "  There were four ambulances that entered Baba Amr , belonging to the Syrian Red Crescent . They were loaded with medical goods . They indeed were not able to evacuate the two foreign journalists . I do n't have the reasons why . They could evacuate an elderly woman , a pregnant woman with her husband , " she said . The two journalists Megevand-Roggo was referencing were British photographer Paul Conroy and French reporter Edith Bouvier . Both were wounded in shelling . Red Cross spokesman Hicham Hassan said aid workers were also not able Monday to recover and evacuate the bodies of two journalists killed in Baba Amr last week . Marie Colvin , an American journalist who worked for London 's Sunday Times , was killed in a shelling attack , along with French journalist Remi Ochlik . Colvin 's mother , Rosemarie , said Sunday that aid workers have been trying for days to remove her daughter 's body . CNN and other media outlets can not independently verify opposition or government reports because Syria has severely limited access to the country by foreign journalists . But the vast majority of reports from the ground indicate that government forces are massacring citizens in an attempt to wipe out civilians seeking al-Assad 's ouster . No attempts at getting al-Assad to stop his regime 's crackdown on dissidents have stopped the onslaught . The Council of the European Union agreed Monday on new sanctions regarding Syria after foreign ministers met in Brussels , Belgium , said spokeswoman Susanne Kiefer . Seven ministers of the al-Assad regime will have their EU assets frozen and will be denied entry into the EU , Kiefer said . In addition , assets of the Syrian Central Bank in the EU will be frozen . Legitimate trade will be allowed to continue , she said , but must be authorized first . "  Today 's decisions will put further pressure on those who are responsible for the ruthless campaign of repression in Syria , " Catherine Ashton , the EU foreign policy chief , said in a statement . "  The measures target the regime and its ability to conduct the appalling violence against civilians . As long as the repression continues , the EU will keep imposing sanctions . " Elsewhere in Syria on Monday , two people were killed and eight wounded by government shelling on the village of Sarmeen in Idlib province , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said . The shelling began Sunday night , and Syrian troops have entered Sarmeen , said Abu Mustafa al-Sayed , a Syrian opposition and community leader in the town of Binnish , also in Idlib province . The Syrian army has Sarmeen surrounded , and communications with the residents have been cut off , he said . And in Damascus , security forces fired on mourners at a funeral , according to the Local Coordination Committees . Clashes were also occurring in Deir Ezzor , the group said , and 14 students were arrested during a protest at Aleppo University . The opposition network estimates that 9,000 people have been killed since the government launched its crackdown in March . The Syrian government says that more than 2,000 members of its security forces have been killed by "  terrorists " during that same period . Asked Monday whether Syria would be referred to the International Criminal Court , French Foreign Minister Alain Juppe said , "  I hope the international community reflects on the conditions of referral . ... It 's a difficult issue . Syria is not a participating state , so it 's up to the Security Council to address this question . They must therefore continue to gather the elements that would permit an eventual referral . " CNN 's Jo Shelley , Per Nyberg , Salma Abdelaziz , Jack Maddox , Hamdi Alkshali and Kareem Khadder and journalist Mohamed Fadel Fahmy contributed to this report .	NEW : "  We will defend our sovereignty and independence , " Foreign Minister Moallem says NEW : Four people are killed Tuesday , an opposition network says Aid workers not able to evacuate wounded and killed journalists in Baba Amr U.S. State Department spokeswoman constitutional referendum as "  cynical "
CNN  -- A U.S. Navy destroyer helped two Iranian civilian sailors found Thursday floating in a life raft in the Persian Gulf . A merchant vessel spotted the raft and launched a flare , the U.S. Fifth Fleet said in a statement . The USS Oscar Austin located the raft about 1,000 yards outside of Iranian territorial waters , the Navy said . "  After providing the two distressed mariners food and water , a rigid-hulled inflatable boat from Oscar Austin towed the life raft closer to the ship in the event the men required any urgent aid or further assistance , " according to the Bahrain-based Fifth Fleet . The Iranians said their boat sank the night before , and they were unaware of what became of their shipmates , the statement said . An Iranian Coast Guard vessel retrieved the two sailors , and its crew thanked the Austin crew for their assistance . "  We 're glad that we were able to coordinate the rescue of the mariners with the Iranian Coast Guard , " said Lt. Cmdr. Steve Ansuinni .	U.S. Navy assists two Iranian sailors The two were found in life raft in Persian Gulf Iranians thanked USS Oscar Austin for assistance
A Maine judge on Friday ruled in favor of a nurse who defied a quarantine in a tense standoff with state authorities , saying local health officials failed to prove the need for a stricter order enforcing an Ebola quarantine . District Court Chief Judge Charles LaVerdiere ordered nurse Kaci Hickox , who recently returned to the United States after treating Ebola patients in Sierra Leone , to submit to "  direct active monitoring , " coordinate travel with public health officials and immediately notify health authorities should symptoms appear . Another hearing is scheduled for Tuesday . Standing with her boyfriend Ted Wilbur , outside their home in Maine , Hickox told reporters the decision was a "  good compromise " and that she would continue to comply with direct active monitoring . Ebola outbreak : Get up to speed "  I know that Ebola is a scary disease , " she said . "  I have seen it face-to-face . I know we are nowhere near winning this battle . We 'll only win this battle as we continue this discussion , as we gain a better collective understanding about Ebola and public health , as we overcome the fear and , most importantly , as we end the outbreak that is still ongoing in West Africa today . " In a news conference with her lawyers Friday , Hickox , via Skype , expressed her support with the army of U.S. health care professionals battling the outbreak in West Africa . "  They are why I 'm here , " she said , acknowledging that she will work in Africa again . "  I hope that one day I can meet some of them at the airport and give them a big hug and let them know that we 're in this together ... This is important day for public health . " Her attorney , Norman Siegel , earlier called the decision a victory . "  She won , " he said . "  She is not quarantined . She can go out in the public . ...  The judge  got the understanding of what liberty is about and how the government ca n't restrict your liberty unless there is compelling justification . " At the news conference , another lawyer for Hickox , Steve Hyman , called the decision "  an indication of thoughtfulness versus irrationality " and said his client had become "  a prisoner because of misconceptions and a whole host of irrational arguments . " Hyman said he hoped politicians applied "  the same kind of thinking and rationality " as LaVerdiere did when dealing with Ebola . Late Thursday , the judge had ordered stricter limits on Hickox , requiring that she "  not to be present in public places , " such as shopping centers or movie theaters , except to receive necessary health care . The temporary order permitted her to engage in "  non-congregate public activities , " such as walking or jogging , but said she had to maintain a 3-foot distance from people . And it forbade her from leaving the municipality of Fort Kent without consulting local health authorities . In Friday 's ruling , LaVerdiere praised Hickox for lending her skills "  generously , kindly and with compassion " to "  aid , comfort and care " for Ebola patients . "  We owe her and all professionals who give of themselves in this way a debt of gratitude , " he wrote . While many people were acting out of fear that is not entirely rational when it comes to the deadly Ebola outbreak , the judge said that fear was present and real . The actions of Hickox , as a health professional , "  need to demonstrate her full understanding of human nature and the real fear that exist , " LaVerdiere wrote . "  She should guide herself accordingly . " Hickox said she has been sensitive to those fears . "  This is one of the reasons I am saying this battle is n't over , " she said . "  We need to continue this discussion . We need to continue educating ourselves and I do n't want to make anyone uncomfortable . I think so far Ted and I have shown a lot of respect to this community . We care about the community . " Maine authorities wanted Hickox to stay home for 21 days -- the incubation period for the deadly virus -- although she has tested negative for the disease and has shown no symptoms . Hickox says that she is healthy and that forcing her to stay home is unconstitutional . Wilbur said isolating medical professionals returning from West Africa , the epicenter of the Ebola outbreak , affects their partners as well . "  This thing does n't just affect Kaci , " Wilbur told CNN affiliate WCHS . "  And when people are going to be coming home from different parts of the world and West Africa , it 's just not affecting the aid workers and what not . It 's affecting their partners . " ` We 're not trying to push any limits ' The two went out on a bike ride Thursday , trailed by a police cruiser and journalists . "  If anyone in the community might have noticed , we went bicycling that way . We did not go into town , " Wilbur told the affiliate . He said they are not trying to cause trouble and want the community to feel at ease . "  We did not go into the grocery store . We are not trying to get anyone sick , " he said . "  We do n't believe that we can get anyone sick . We 're not trying to push any limits here . We 're members of this community too , and we want to make everyone feel comfortable . " Hickox 's quarantine was scheduled to end on November 10 . Governor : Her safety is a concern Maine Gov. Paul LePage said venturing away from her house jeopardizes Hickox 's safety . "  The reason there 's a police car there when she does that is to protect her , more than anybody . 'Cause the last thing I want is for her to get hurt , " he said . "  But at the same token , her behavior is really riling a lot of people up , and I can only do what I can do . And we 're trying to protect her , but she 's not acting as smart as she probably should . " At first , Maine officials said they wanted her to remain at home for 21 days . Then , they 've said they wanted Hickox -- who has twice tested negative for Ebola and says she feels healthy -- to avoid public places during that time . Making a point with bike ride Hickox has said state officials are the ones being unreasonable . She contends the U.S. Constitution and science are on her side . "  I 'm fighting for something much more than myself , " she said . "  There are so many aid workers coming back . It scares me to think how they 're going to be treated and how they 're going to feel . " Hickox has said she 's willing to compromise with the state , and she 's open to restrictions barring her from public transportation and limiting her to Fort Kent , a town of 4,000 on the Canadian border . Siegel , her attorney , said the couple went for the bike ride to highlight that she could be out in public without interacting with people . New Jersey incident When she returned from a month working with Doctors Without Borders in Sierra Leone last week , Hickox had an elevated temperature at an airport in Newark , New Jersey , officials said . She was put into an isolation tent . She blasted New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie for enforcing a new policy that required anyone showing symptoms of Ebola , including an elevated temperature , to be isolated . Complete coverage on Ebola	Nurse Kaci Hickox calls court decision a "  good compromise " Judge rejects Ebola quarantine for Hickox , loosens restrictions "  We are not trying to get anyone sick , " her boyfriend says Ted Wilbur , her boyfriend , says quarantine of aid workers will affect their partners as well
Rio De Janeiro , Brazil  CNN  -- Brazil 's ruling party candidate Dilma Rousseff garnered the most votes in Sunday 's presidential election but fell short of the majority she needed to avoid a runoff . With 98.75 percent of the votes counted , Rousseff led the race with 46.74 percent of the vote , according to the Superior Electoral Court . She needed 50 percent plus one vote to avoid a second-round runoff . She will now face Jose Serra , a former mayor of Sao Paulo and one of the county 's most experienced politicians . He had 32.68 percent of the vote with nearly 99 percent of votes counted , the Superior Electoral Court said . If she ultimately prevails , Rousseff -- a former Marxist guerrilla -- would be her country 's first female president . The runoff election is scheduled for October 31 . "  Thank you very much to all of you , and tomorrow we will again continue the conversation that we have been having since the beginning of this electoral campaign , " Rousseff said soon after the count , according to video on Bandeirantes television . Sunday 's general election spanned across all levels of government , from local offices to the presidency . Nine candidates vied for the nation 's top job . Rousseff is the hand-picked successor of President Luis Inacio Lula da Silva , who has an 80 percent approval rating . The outgoing president has steered Brazil into a major global economy , and his choice for the next president appears to be influencing voters . The president is barred from running for a third consecutive term . Brazil has the world 's eighth-largest economy , which has grown 7 percent a year on the strength of a commodities boom and market-friendly policies . And the country will get more worldwide attention in the coming years , hosting events such as the World Cup in 2014 and the Olympics in 2016 . Voting is mandatory in Brazil for anyone over age 18 and under age 70 . Some 135 million people were eligible to vote . CNN 's Shasta Darlington and Umaro Djau contributed to this report .	Dilma Rousseff , a former Marxist guerrilla , wins the first-round vote She falls short of the majority needed to avoid a runoff President Luis Inacio Lula da Silva campaigned for her Rousseff will face Jose Serra in the second round
CNN  -- Luis Suarez returned to the Liverpool team for the first time since serving his ban for biting an opponent -- but not even his presence could detract from his team 's toothless display . The Uruguay striker , who was suspended by the English Football Association after biting Chelsea defender Branislav Ivanovic last April , played the full 90 minutes during Wednesday 's 1-0 League Cup defeat by fierce rival Manchester United . Suarez , 26 , was heavily fined by the club following the incident and had been linked with a move away from Anfield before stating his desire to stay on Merseyside . Return In his first competitive outing for Liverpool since last season , he looked short of match practice and wasted several opportunities during an uninspiring contest . Javier Hernandez 's second-half strike gave United manager David Moyes a much-needed victory following his side 's 4-1 Premier League defeat by neighbor Manchester City last Sunday . Liverpool had chances of its own and Suarez did hit the crossbar with a sweetly struck free kick . The return of the English Premier League 's "  enfant terrible " had been greeted with much anticipation -- but there was little in the way of controversy on this occasion . Hate figure Suarez is a hate figure at Old Trafford after he was found guilty by the FA of racially abusing United 's Patrice Evra in 2011 . He was hit with an eight-match ban and fined $ 63,000 . Suarez also courted controversy in Holland while at Ajax where he was banned for seven games after biting PSV Eindhoven midfielder Otman Bakkal 's shoulder during a match in November 2010 . He is set to make his first Premier League start this season at bottom club Sunderland on Sunday . Meanwhile , League Cup holder Swansea suffered a 3-1 defeat at 2011 winner Birmingham City while there were also wins for Arsenal , Newcastle and Stoke . Serie A Elsewhere in Europe , Roma is the only side left in the Italian top flight with a 100 % record after securing a 2-0 away win over Sampdoria -- its best start to a Serie A season . Second-half goals from Mehdi Benatia -- his first in Serie A -- and another from Gervinho ensured Rudi Garcia 's side moved two points clear at the top of the table thanks to a fifth successive league win of the season . Rafa Benitez 's Napoli was surprisingly held 1-1 at home by bottom-of-the-table Sassuolo , which had suffered a shock 7-0 home defeat to Inter Milan at the weekend and prior to Wednesday had failed to win a single point . The draw left Napoli two points behind Roma and level with champion Juventus , which won 2-1 at Chievo . AC Milan scored twice in the dying minutes to draw 3-3 at Bologna , while Lazio bounced back from its derby defeat to Roma by beating 10-man Catania 3-1 . Inter Milan could join Napoli and Juve on 13 points if it wins at home to Fiorentina on Thursday . Ligue 1 In France , Ligue 1 leader Monaco remained two points clear of champion Paris Saint-Germain with a 3-0 victory at home to Bastia . Emmanuel Riviere opened the scoring for Monaco before Ligue 1 's top scorer Radamel Falcao 's brace helped maintain Monaco 's unbeaten start to the season . PSG 's record signing Edinson Cavani netted the only goal in first-half stoppage time as Laurent Blanc 's side won 1-0 away to lowly Valenciennes . "  We burned a lot of energy in the Monaco match and only had three days to recover . It was a difficult match in all senses , " PSG coach Blanc told reporters , referring to Sunday 's 1-1 draw with the promoted principality club . "  But the important thing is to have taken the three points because we 'll have plenty of matches like that over the course of the season . " It was Valenciennes ' sixth successive defeat , which left the club second from bottom on just three points . La Liga Cristiano Ronaldo netted a dramatic penalty to give Real Madrid a fortuitous 2-1 win over newly promoted Elche . Ronaldo had given Real a 51st minute lead before Elche hit back through Richmond Boakye in the first minute of added time . But Real snatched victory at the death when Ronaldo slotted home from the spot to break Elche hearts .	Luis Suarez made a return to action following his 10-match ban for biting an opponent Liverpool striker played against Manchester United at Old Trafford Cristiano Ronaldo rescues Real Madrid at Elche Roma continues perfect start to Serie A season
Washington  CNN  -- Turkey 's foreign minister called for a new international initiative for Syria to protect civilians and increase pressure on President Bashar al-Assad to stop his bloody crackdown , saying his country would not remain indifferent to a "  massacre in its back yard . " In the wake of the U.N. Security Council 's failure to pass a resolution , Ahmet Davutoglu says like-minded countries should look for ways outside the United Nations system to end the killing and deliver aid to civilians under artillery attack from government forces , particularly in the besieged city of Homs . "  Now we need to revitalize a new international initiative , " Davutoglu told reporters Friday . "  We hope that with such a strong message those who are supporting Bashar al-Assad or  the  regime at this moment , they will have to make a reassessment , " Davutoglu said , referring to Russia and China , which vetoed the resolution . "  What we need today is to send a strong message to the Syrian people that they are not alone , " he added . Al-Assad , Davutoglu said , has lost all credibility both inside Syria and around the world . He pointed to the increasing number of defections from the Syrian army , estimating that about 40,000 soldiers had abandoned their posts following orders to attack civilians . Turkey is NATO 's most important Muslim member state and has emerged as a key diplomatic troubleshooter in the Middle East in recent years , working closely with the Arab League to help formulate the Security Council resolution on Syria that was vetoed last week by Russia and China . Ankara also has tried to broker the nuclear standoff between Iran and world powers . Davutoglu told reporters he believes that Iran is ready for talks about its nuclear program . Davutoglu said Turkey had talks with Assad and then worked with the Arab League , but Ankara 's hopes faded when President Assad failed to implement a road map for reforms . "  We wanted Assad to be Gorbachev , but he chose to be Syria 's Milosevic said Davutoglu , comparing the parallels between the events in Syria and the massacres carried out by the former Serbian leader , Slobodan Milosevic , in Bosnia during the '90s . While Turkey has long maintained it is against foreign military intervention , Davutoglu said his country can not stand idly by while regimes open attack against their people . "  If there is an oppression by an autocratic leader against the people , nobody can expect us or the international community to be silent , " Davutoglu said later Friday during a speech to the Center for Strategic and International Studies . "  When I went to Damascus last August , I made it very clear to -LSB- al-Assad -RSB- , I said Mr. President if there is any foreign attack against you we will be siding with you , but if you fight against your own people and force us to decide to be either with you or with the people , we will be with the people . " Davutoglu said he would propose new ways to turn up the heat on the Assad regime when he meets Monday with Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , but declined to provide specifics . Last week in Bulgaria , after the UN resolution failed to pass , Clinton pledged to work with the the "  Friends of a Democratic Syria " worldwide to support the Syrian opposition 's peaceful plans for change . Senior State Department officials said the evolving coalition of like-minded countries will discuss ways to bolster the opposition , strengthen existing sanctions against Damascus and seek further ones to block funding and arms shipments to the Assad regime . The State Department is also trying to find a way to provide humanitarian aid to Syrian civilians , which Davutoglu called a "  must . " "  It is time for humanitarian access to these cities , " he said , particularly referencing cities like Homs that are being shelled by Syrian forces . There must be some international initiatives for this humanitarian access . " He said Turkey was currently providing refuge for some 12,000 Syrians who have fled the fighting and would host as many as needed , but said those civilians left behind were in dire need , although he did n't specify how it could be delivered . "  If Russia and China want to help to Syria , they must be helpful for this humanitarian access . This is not foreign intervention , " he said , alluding to Russian fears the West will back a Libya-style foreign military campaign . On Iran , Davutoglu said previous efforts to reach agreement between Tehran and the so-called "  P5 plus one " failed because of a lack of trust on both sides . But he said Iran now seems more willing to discuss a deal that would curb its ability to produce weapons-grade uranium . "  I think this time , Iran has seen that there is a need for negotiation , " he said . "  This time , I am more optimistic . " But Davatoglu was unequivocal when it came to where Turkey stands over the possibility of an Israeli military strike on Iran 's nuclear program . "  A military strike is a disaster , " he said at Center for Strategic and International Studies . "  It is not reasonable , it is not feasible , and we will be against it , we will never , never endorse any military strike , " Davutoglu said .	Turkish foreign minister says efforts could be outside United Nations Al-Assad , the minister says , has lost all credibility Ahmet Davutoglu is meeting with Clinton on Monday He is more optimistic over talks with Iran on nuclear issues
The Boston Marathon bombing suspects used Christmas lights and model-car parts to make the explosives , prosecutors said in court documents obtained by CNN on Wednesday . "  The Marathon bombs were constructed using improvised fuses made from Christmas lights and improvised , remote-control detonators fashioned from model car parts , " federal prosecutors said in a motion filed Wednesday . "  These relatively sophisticated devices would have been difficult for the Tsarnaevs to fabricate successfully without training or assistance from others . " To obtain explosive fuel for the pressure cooker bombs , the filing says , brothers Dzhokhar and Tamerlan Tsarnaev "  appeared to have crushed and emptied hundreds of individual fireworks containing black powder . " Authorities say Tamerlan and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , 20 , planted bombs at the finish line of the 2013 race . Tamerlan Tsarnaev was killed during the manhunt that paralyzed Boston . Dzhokhar Tsarnaev has pleaded not guilty to killing four people and wounding more than 200 . It 's not time yet for prosecutors to make their full case against Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , but as attorneys spar over what evidence can be used in the high-profile death penalty case against him , the description of what materials were used to make the bombs was among several new details about last year 's terror attack and its aftermath included in court documents . The motion also includes additional details about the note Dzhokhar Tsarnaev allegedly wrote while he was hiding out inside a boat in a backyard in Watertown , Massachusetts . "  God has a plan for each person , " Tsarnaev wrote , according to the court document . "  Mine was to hide in this boat and shed some light on our actions . " In their 29-page motion , prosecutors detail Tsarnaev 's medical care while at Boston 's Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center , arguing that information from more than 11 hours of FBI interrogations while he was hospitalized should be admissible . Prosecutors cite several reasons why they needed to question Tsarnaev without reading him his Miranda rights against self-incrimination and without allowing him access to a lawyer . Evidence law enforcement had at the time , they argue , suggested a possible larger conspiracy . FBI agents had "  reason to believe that the Tsarnaevs had accomplices and that they or others might have built additional bombs that posed a continuing danger to public safety . " The note scribbled inside the boat referred to others , saying , "  we are promised victory and we shall surely get it , " according to Wednesday 's motion . Also , a search of the Tsarnaevs ' homes failed to uncover traces of the black firework powder used to build the pressure cooker bombs , suggesting that it had been built elsewhere and with help . The Christmas lights used as fuses and the model-car remote control used to detonate the devices also suggested a level of sophistication that suggested terrorist training , prosecutors said . Tsarnaev was lucid while hospitalized and was not coerced into making any of the statements , they argue . According to the court documents , Tsarnaev was questioned about 22 hours after undergoing surgery for multiple gunshot wounds . He had been weaned off the sedative propofol but was still on pain medication . FBI agents questioned him on and off over a nearly 38-hour period , conducting 14 interviews and giving Tsarnaev frequent breaks , including a 10 1/2 - hour stretch so he could sleep , the court documents say . Prosecutors say the FBI 's interview took time because doctors had performed a tracheostomy to allow greater airflow . Tsarnaev initially answered by nodding or writing in a notebook and then later spoke his answers . Although Tsarnaev denied that anyone else was involved , authorities believed he might be lying or concealing the involvement of others , according to prosecutors . Government officials have maintained that Tsarnaev was questioned under the "  public safety " exception to the Miranda warnings , which allows for limited questioning of a suspect by law enforcement to determine whether there is imminent danger of an attack . "  The fact that Tsarnaev was in the hospital recovering from bullet wounds does not mean the interview was coercive or that the agents who conducted it did anything wrong , " the prosecutors ' motion says . Tsarnaev , prosecutors allege , wanted to explain the bombings and take credit for them . "  As the note he wrote in Watertown on the inside of the boat reflects , Tsarnaev was eager to take credit for his crimes and ` shed some light ' on their meaning . That indeed is a common practice among terrorists , " the motion says . Tsarnaev 's attorneys have said that evidence from the hospital interrogations should n't be allowed in court , arguing that he was coerced into making incriminating statements . They argue that the statements were involuntary , that the public safety exception agents used did n't apply to the interrogation and that Tsarnaev 's first court appearance was postponed to allow for additional questioning . FBI agents questioned Tsarnaev , his attorneys argue , "  despite the fact that he quickly allayed concerns about any continuing threats to public safety , repeatedly requested a lawyer , and begged to rest as he recovered from emergency surgery and underwent continuing treatment for multiple and serious gunshot wounds . " They also argue that the FBI agents deliberately misled Tsarnaev about his brother 's death . Prosecutors say that FBI agents did n't tell Tsarnaev about his brother 's death "  or the manner of that death , to spare him emotional trauma . " CNN first learned of the new court documents from multiple local media reports on Twitter . Suspect : Immigration history should not factor in death penalty Suspect can see autopsy photos Boston marks anniversary , Tsarnaev awaits trial	Documents reveal new details about the Boston Marathon bombings and aftermath Prosecutors argue that information Tsarnaev gave to FBI should be admissible Tsarnaev 's attorneys ask judge to throw out evidence , arguing it was coerced
Washington  CNN  -- A judge 's claim that she was ordered to always rule in the U.S. Coast Guard 's favor in cases against civilian mariners can not be substantiated , the Department of Homeland Security inspector general concluded Tuesday . The inspector general also concluded that the judge 's two-year delay in coming forward with the allegation casts doubt on her veracity . Inspector General Richard L. Skinner 's 53-page report is a nearly complete victory for the Coast Guard 's administrative law judge program , which hears cases brought against merchant mariners , and a repudiation of retired Administrative Law Judge Jeffie J. Massey , who claimed the system was rigged in the Coast Guard 's favor . Massey , a judge from July 2004 until March 2007 , said in a court affidavit and later testified before Congress that Chief Administrative Law Judge Joseph N. Ingolia specifically told her in 2005 that she should always rule for the Coast Guard . Massey also said comments by fellow judges buttressed her belief that the Coast Guard should prevail on all cases . "  I was specifically told that I should always rule for the Coast Guard and that it I ever found myself faced with a circumstance when I just absolutely , positively could not find anyway to rule in favor of the Coast Guard on any issue , that I should rule against them , but word it delicately and just apologize for it as much as I could , " she said . But the DHS Inspector General 's Office concluded Tuesday that , "  There is no evidence supporting ... Massey 's claim except her own statement . " Massey 's brief employment at the Coast Guard "  was rife with conflict " and there was a "  growing distrust " between her and colleagues , the report says . "  These factors likely contributed to ... Massey 's belief that  her boss  and others were engaging in misconduct and pressuring her to rule against mariners , " it says . Massey 's allegations roiled the administrative law judge 's office of the Coast Guard and sparked an investigation by the Baltimore Sun into the Coast Guard 's judicial system . The newspaper reported that mariners prevailed only 14 times out of about 6,300 charges brought over eight years . Most of the cases were settled or resulted in guilty pleas without reaching a courtroom , and some were dismissed , but overall Coast Guard prosecutors had a 97 percent success rate , the Baltimore Sun reported . The Skinner report , parts of which are redacted , apparently does not address the numerical findings of the Baltimore Sun . Massey said it was at an April 8 , 2005 , meeting that Ingolia told her to always rule in favor of the Coast Guard . Ingolia dismissed all but one colleague from the room before making the remark , she said . Massey cited several other reasons she believed she was to have a pro-Coast Guard bias . In one instance , she said , a fellow judge commented about one of his cases , saying , "  If I ruled that way , the Chief Judge would have my job . " In yet another instance , Massey alleged , Ingolia and others engaged in improper conversations about pending cases . But the inspector general 's office said it could not substantiate any of Massey 's allegations . Both Ingolia and the senior staff member present at the 2005 meeting said Ingolia "  did not say anything that could reasonably be construed as directing ALJ Massey to rule in favor of the Coast Guard , " the inspector general 's report said . "  Instead , they assert that  Ingolia  only instructed her to follow Coast Guard 's regulations . " The staffer called Massey 's allegation "  a flat lie . " Massey first made her allegation two months after she retired in an affidavit in support of a mariner in a $ 15 million lawsuit against Coast Guard employees . "  The timing and manner in which Massey made her allegations also undermine the gravity of the allegations , " the report says .	A judge claimed she was told to always rule for the Coast Guard in cases She served in the Coast Guard 's administrative law judge program An inspector general 's report found her claim can not be substantiated
CNN  -- Everyone from "  Twilight Moms " to "  Family Guy " fans is waiting in line at Comic-Con . This nearly 40-year-old convention is mainly devoted to comic books , and it was sold out before the exhibitors and speakers were even announced this year . Why are so many people there ? In 2009 , Diamond Comics , one of the world 's largest comic book , graphic novel and merchandise distributors , sent out 79 million comic books and 15 million graphic novels to stores . It 's not only geeky , teenage boys reading the comics . Buyers include include teenage girls , college students and professionals in their 40s , comic book store owners and industry experts say . Many people , including Mike Van Houten , started reading comic books as children . Van Houten , who has owned Oxford Comic Books in Atlanta , Georgia , for 30 years , still remembers the first comics he bought . "  I started collecting comic books when I was a little kid , maybe 12 years old . I went into an old-timey drug store -- it still had a counter that had a malt shop -- and back in the back it had a rack of comics , " he said . "  I remember buying three comics , all Marvel . "  Fantastic Four , " "  Captain America , " and "  Spiderman , " and I fell in love with them . " But comic books were n't always designed to attract children 's allowance dollars . American comics started out in the 1930s as a successful way to sell newspapers , said Mike Richardson , CEO of Dark Horse Comics . "  The Sunday paper was literally wrapped in funnies to get people to buy that newspaper as opposed to the competition , " he said . "  The comic strips were so popular that two salesmen had the idea to repackage them . " After the success of Action Comics No. 1 , which was the first appearance of Superman -- and a failed comic strip , Richardson pointed out -- a flood of copycat superhero comic books appeared . "  For many years comics were taken as children 's entertainment , " Richardson said . "  But we 've seen the graying of the comic book audience . Because we have an older clientele , the subject matter has matured . There was a poll done recently that said comic readers are more likely to be in their mid 20s than 12 or younger . " Even the art in comic books -- a major appeal of the medium -- is more mature , he said . Comic books also have seen a shift in storylines and characters . Shelley Loewnau , owner of Teahouse Comics in Sandy Springs , Georgia , said that more of today 's comic books appeal to women . " -LSB- Women comic book characters are -RSB- positive role models -- strong women , confident women , women with great careers , " Loewnau said . "  Pepper Potts from ` Iron Man ' is a great example of that . Tony Stark could n't run the company without her . And then there 's also the great clothing , the costumes . It 's not just the woman in the bathing suit anymore . " " -LSB- Artists -RSB- are crossing over , " said Peter Bell , owner of Bell Book & Comic in Dayton , Ohio . "  Like Greg Rucka , who wrote mystery novels and crime novels . Now he 's writing ` Batman . ' That 's perfect . You have a mystery writer writing about a great detective . It makes sense . " When a mainstream writer writes a comic book , people want to check it out , he said . In Japan , people have enjoyed comics since the time of Emperor Meji . These days , it is not uncommon to see businessmen , grandmothers and school children all reading comic books on subways and trains . Yoshimura Kazuma , the chief researcher of the Manga Museum in Kyoto , Japan , said the cartoon form is appealing because it offers a "  more unique expression than a movie or a novel . " The "  transformation , exaggeration and omissions " that the images in comics make convey information on multiple levels , and is similar to the way Chinese writing is ideographic script , he said .  In Japanese kanji , for example , the idea or image of the word is often included in the shape of the word 's symbol . The equivalent of a comic book in Japan is called "  manga . " Manga is a mainstay of Japanese publishing , taking the form of magazines or even small paperback books . These printed cartoons follow a similar structure to American comic books , but have evolved to appeal to Japanese sensibilities and include a wide variety of topics . Manga can encompass just about any genre : science fiction , horror , fantasy , comedy , action , sports , fashion , geared toward young women or men , and even graphic and adult content in some cases . Hollywood likes comic books , too . In the past 10 years , the box office has been beholden to anything superhero . We 've seen wildly successful franchises of Marvel 's "  Iron Man , " "  Spiderman , " "  The X-Men , " and D.C. Comic 's "  Batman , " and "  The Watchmen . " Dark Horse Comics has had success with the "  Hellboy " franchise , "  300 " and "  Sin City " . Van Hauten points out that there are plenty of other movies based on comic books that are n't so overtly full of superheroes . "  It 's astounding , even a movie like Tom Hanks ' "  Road to Perdition " was a comic graphic novel . Another one is "  American Splendor , " Harvey Pekar 's graphic novel . They 're all over the map . " So how does a fan of these movies take the next step and follow their favorite characters on other adventures ? Comic books are a great option , said Bell . There 's even a phone number to call -- 888-COMIC-BOOK -- to find out the comic shop closest to you . Not to worry , said Bell , it probably wo n't be like the comic book guy 's store from "  The Simpsons . " "  It 's like Cheers in here , " said Bell of his store . "  It 's some place people can come to and hang out and talk about -LSB- their favorite comics -RSB- . Things they ca n't get to at home or at work , " he said . "  The community is growing . A lot of people do n't want to admit they like comics . " But Bell said not to hide your pride , because you might be surprised who else reads your favorite title .	Almost 100 million comic books and graphic novels were distributed last year The average comic book buyer is no longer a teenage boy Manga is a mainstay of the Japanese publishing industry Hollywood has had great popular success with movies adapted from comic books
CNN  -- Russian police detained dozens of people in an anti-terror sweep in Volgograd , the southern city where two suspected suicide bombings killed more than 30 people this week . Thousands of police officers searched hundreds of people following the attacks on Sunday and Monday at a rail station and on a trolley bus just six weeks before Russia is due to host the Winter Olympics . The death toll from the attacks increased to 34 when some of those hurt died from their injuries , state media reported . Separately , Australia announced limits on the movement of its athletes for the Sochi Games . The blasts in Volgograd intensified fears of terrorism following a threat earlier this year from a Chechen extremist group to use "  maximum force " to disrupt the Olympics in February . No group has claimed responsibility for the attacks described as suspected suicide bombings . In his New Year 's address , Russian President Vladimir Putin acknowledged problems in 2013 but said the Russian people had a lot to look forward to in 2014 . He also had a message for terrorists . "  We bow our heads to the victims of violent terrorist attacks . We will continue the fight against terrorists certainly , fiercely and consistently until their complete annihilation , " he said in the address on Russian TV . In Volgograd , a strong security presence was on the streets leading to New Year 's Eve celebrations . Australian restrictions Australia said Tuesday that none of its athletes competing in the Olympics will travel to Sochi using ground transportation in Russia -- they will only travel by air . Australian athletes will only train and compete in Sochi and wo n't vacation elsewhere in Russia after the Games , said John Coates , the president of the Australian Olympic Committee . "  Families of athletes and all other participants of the Olympic Games , including media and spectators , should note the steps we are taking for the safety and welfare of our athletes , " Coates said in a statement on the committee 's website . He nonetheless echoed comments from the International Olympic Committee expressing confidence that Russian authorities will do everything "  to ensure the security of the athletes and all of the participants of the Olympic Games . " Key transit point While security in Sochi and its surrounding area is considered to be very tight , the attacks in Volgograd , a major transportation hub for southern Russia , have raised concerns about the potential vulnerability of other areas of the country . Volgograd is a main transit point for people traveling by train to Sochi , which is situated just over 400 miles  645 kilometers  to the southwest . The number of people killed in an explosion at the Volgograd 's main rail station Sunday now stands at 18 , the state-run news agency RIA Novosti reported Tuesday , citing the Emergencies Ministry . The toll from a blast on a trolleybus during the morning rush hour Monday has reached 16 , the agency said , attributing the information to health officials . Russia 's response Russian authorities have described both explosions as terrorist attacks and vowed to continue their "  tough and consistent offensive " against extremists . About 5,200 police officers are now on the ground in Volgograd for an anti-terrorism operation , Andrei Pilipchuk , a regional police official , said on Russian television . Police are checking people 's documents in all crowded areas of the city and have so far detained 87 people who put up resistance or did n't have documents allowing them to carry weapons , Pilipchuk said . But it was n't clear if any of those held had any suspected connection to the attacks or would face any charges . A total of 1,500 buildings have been "  examined " and more than 1,000 people have been searched in the operation , Pilipchuk said . U.S. offers support The United States has offered its "  full support to the Russian government in security preparations for the Sochi Olympic Games , " National Security Council spokeswoman Caitlin Hayden said in a statement Monday . "  We would welcome the opportunity for closer cooperation for the safety of the athletes , spectators , and other participants , " Hayden said . The U.S. State Department said American citizens planning to attend the Games should "  be reminded that threats have been made against the Olympic Games and acts of terrorism , including bombings , continue to occur in Russia . " "  This is an exciting , positive , happy international sporting event , but people going there do need to maintain vigilance and watch out for their own security and safety , " Marie Harf , a State Department spokeswoman said at a regular briefing Monday . Harf said the department was "  very focused " on the security situation in Russia , but she declined to say whether any additional measures had been taken since the Volgograd bombings . CNN 's Diana Magnay and Arkady Irshenko contributed to this report .	NEW : Thousands of Russian police officers carried out searches in the city Australia announces limits on the movements of its athletes in Russia A rail station blast killed 18 , and a trolleybus attack killed 16 The 2014 Winter Olympics are due to take place in the Russian city of Sochi
Editor 's note : In our Behind the Scenes series , CNN correspondents and producers share their experiences in covering news and analyze the stories behind the events . Tony Acevedo , right , meets with a governor of Mexico in 1945 . It was Acevedo who first inspired CNN users . ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- I 'll never forget holding World War II medic Tony Acevedo in my arms . He wept and convulsed for more than 10 minutes , his body constricting and tightening in a way I 'd never seen before . "  I 'm sorry , " he said , repeating , "  I 'm sorry . I want to say more , but I ca n't . " I held his hand and hugged him until he calmed . I had asked what I thought was a simple question . "  When I say the name Erwin Metz , what comes to your mind ? " That 's when the demons of 1945 took over . Metz was one of the Nazi commanders who headed a slave labor camp known as Berga an der Elster , where 350 U.S. soldiers -- 80 of whom had been targeted for being Jewish -- were beaten , starved and forced to work in tunnels at a secret V-2 rocket factory . They worked 10 to 12 hour days with only 400 calories of food , mostly bread made from sawdust . More than 100 soldiers died at the camp or on a forced death march of more than 200 miles . Other Berga survivors had described Metz : "  A real bastard . " "  Butcher of the Earth . " They said he talked with a high-pitched lisp . Behind his back , the soldiers called him Donald Duck . But he wreaked hell on the men . He shot one soldier , Morton Goldstein , through the head , execution-style , according to the survivors . Acevedo described seeing Metz dump ice water on one emaciated soldier . The soldier died of shock moments later . Acevedo catalogued the atrocities in a diary he kept hidden in his pants , using a Sheaffer fountain pen to record what he saw all around . When the soldiers were on their forced death march , Acevedo asked to use his pen for a tracheotomy to save a soldier named George Buddeski . Metz refused . Flip through the pages of Acevedo 's diary " "  You 're going to kill him then , " Acevedo responded . Metz grabbed a rifle from a guard and cracked the young medic across his face . Acevedo suffered permanent nerve damage from the blow . Buddeski died April 13 , 1945 , on the death march on what the soldiers call Hell 's Highway . The soldiers learned of another death that day : President Franklin Delano Roosevelt . "  Your Jew president has died , " the Nazis said mockingly . There , in the middle of Germany , the American soldiers bowed their heads . "  We held a prayer service for the repose of his soul , " Acevedo 's diary says . Amid the chaos and death all around them , these men -- these soldiers who suffered so much -- took the time to stop and pray for their president . When CNN first reported Acevedo 's story in November , I had no idea it would lead to what I witnessed this weekend : The U.S. Army reversing course on six decades of silence and recognizing the Berga soldiers for what they went through . It 's always been a touchy subject for the Army . The U.S. government in 1948 commuted the death sentences of Metz and his superior , Hauptmann Ludwig Merz . The men walked free in the 1950s , one of dozens of convicted war criminals whose sentences were commuted as part of an effort to bolster Germany , which was facing the threat of Soviet expansion . In explaining its decision on the Berga commanders , the War Department said , "  Metz , though guilty of a generally cruel course of conduct toward prisoners , was not directly responsible for the death of any prisoners except one who was killed during the course of an attempt to escape . " Read the War Department 's explanation for commuting their sentences " That prisoner was Goldstein , the one shot through the head . When you read that document , it does n't sit too easy . The government excuses the killing of one soldier . Berga soldiers will tell you they were never called to testify against Metz or Merz . They say they could 've told of many other atrocities . When Metz and Merz were freed , the survivors felt the Army betrayed the war ethos of "  leave no soldier behind . " They eventually got on with their lives . Many went on to the top of their professions . They 're all the most patriotic Americans you 'll ever meet . As the survivors reached their 70s and 80s , many began wondering why the government still refused to recognize them . It nagged them . It angered some of them . No ranking Pentagon official had described Berga as a "  slave labor camp . " Heading into last weekend , the six Berga survivors present knew a two-star general was being sent to meet with them . Many were skeptical : What can a general do at this point to make us feel better ? Surely , a two-star wo n't call it a "  slave labor camp " after all this time . Nah , he 'll toe the company line . These were men who 'd been disappointed before . They did n't want to set expectations too high this time . But there at the Rosen Centre Hotel in Orlando , Florida , something magical transpired . See photos of the Berga men being honored " U.S. Army Maj. Gen. Vincent Boles did a sit-down interview with me , while six Berga survivors -- Samuel Fahrer , 86 ; Morton Brooks , 83 ; Sidney Lipson , 85 ; Peter Iosso , 83 ; Wallace Carden , 84 ; and Edward Slotkin , 84 -- watched . "  It was n't a prison camp . It was a slave labor camp , " Boles said . Watch the general set the record straight after six decades " I was stunned in that moment . I 'll even admit I got choked up . I knew history had just been made , the legacy of the Berga soldiers preserved for all time . The men looked on stoically and I knew what they were thinking : "  Drash , pull yourself together ! We got a two-star in our presence ! " I was thinking about all that transpired in the last eight months . I thought about Bernard "  Jack " Vogel and Izzy Cohen , who were forced to stand without food and water for days , pushed to their deaths . Cohen was a 32-year-old father of two young children . I had met with his 90-year-old wife , Florence , and their daughter , Nomi , months before . Florence is a diminutive woman , the epitome of class and grace . She told me a story I 'll never forget . When Izzy left for war , he kissed his family goodbye at a train station in California . He looked at her and said , "  Whatever happens happens . " Those were the last words he ever spoke to her . When she was notified Izzy was a prisoner of war on March 16 , 1945 , one relative shouted , "  That 's just like Izzy to take the easy way out of war . " Izzy Cohen died three weeks later , a victim of the Holocaust . Tears filled Florence 's eyes as she spoke . She changed the family name , so her son would never be targeted as a Jew . I thought about Martin Vogel , the brother of the man who died with Izzy . Martin called one day in November , crying his eyes out . "  Are you the one who did the story on the medic , Tony Acevedo ? " he said , struggling for words . "  My brother is the one who died in his arms . " Martin Vogel adored his older brother . They were best friends . He entered the Army so he could be just like his brother . They were 19 and 17 . He had searched for decades for answers to Bernard 's death . "  A month does n't go by that it does n't come up in the course of my own thoughts , " he said . "  But to me , it 's always there . " At the time his brother died such a horrific death , Martin Vogel was just a few hundred miles away . He was guarding a POW camp inside Germany where U.S. troops treated their Nazi captives under the Geneva Conventions . To this day , Martin , now 82 , ca n't speak about his brother without crying . More than a dozen other families of Berga victims have reached out . I 've listened to each one and put them in touch with Acevedo for answers about their loved ones . I 'm not the first to report on Berga . Authors Mitchell Geoffrey Bard , Flint Whitlock and Roger Cohen have written books on it . The late Charles Guggenheim made a documentary about Berga . But what happened in recent months , I can only attribute to the power of online media and the ease of access to communicate . You can scroll through Acevedo 's diary and read the War Department document explaining why Metz and Merz were set free . Millions of you read the pieces , e-mailed them around and rallied around these weathered war heroes . It took on a life of its own . Hundreds of you lobbied Rep. Joe Baca , D-California , and Rep. Spencer Bachus , R-Alabama . The two congressmen then pressed Army Secretary Pete Geren to recognize the soldiers . It was humbling when Boles , the two-star general , told me that my reporting and my colleagues on CNN television preserved the men 's legacy , culminating with the Army recognizing them . That feels mighty good . It was even more humbling talking with the fellas . They all survived the Battle of the Bulge , when a million young men went head-to-head on the battlefield . It was an honor to see the six survivors present in Orlando receive flags flown over the Pentagon in their honor ; Samuel Fahrer was awarded the Bronze Star , one of the nation 's highest medals . "  Just as they never left their fallen comrades , we will never leave them , " Boles said . "  You were good soldiers and you were there for your nation . " I wished the other Berga survivors were there , especially Acevedo . But Acevedo did n't make the trip . His wife is ill . If he was going to leave her side , he felt the right thing would be to get honored in Washington . A soldier with pride . A medic to the end . My final message is to my generation and the next . Do n't be so quick to shove grandpa and grandma into a nursing home . Sit down with them . Listen to them . Hear their stories . The greatest generation . They 're cut from a different cloth and we 're losing them too fast .	Two-star general credits CNN 's online reporting in preserving WWII legacy CNN 's Wayne Drash filed series of reports in recent months on slave camp soldiers 350 U.S. soldiers were held at a Nazi slave labor camp in 1945 The Army had never recognized the men until last weekend
InStyle.com  -- What do Hollywood beauty insiders  and their celebrity clients  know that we do n't ? After this article , not much . In Style gets them to give up their trade secrets For a quick , clean way to avoid mascara smudges , hold a plastic spoon under the upper and lower lashes . 1 . Get featured "  Every woman has one thing that she needs to ` fix ' on her face and one thing that 's really great about it . If you 're not sure what they are , ask your best friend . " -- Stila Cosmetics founder Jeanine Lobell 2 . Brighten eyes "  Smudge a bit of deep navy eyeliner on the inner rims of the upper lids when you 're done with the rest of your eye makeup . Gently lifting lashes with your fingers or glancing down into a handheld mirror will help you see where the eyeliner is going . The blue color makes the whites of your eyes stand out . " -- Makeup artist Carmindy 3 . Fix blemishes "  Mix together one packet of dry yeast with the juice of half a lemon and spread over a blemish for five minutes . This works wonderfully to dry it out . " -- Esthetician Sonya Dakar 4 . Work your brows "  Use ash-tone powders to fill in brows for natural-looking definition . The eyebrows provide a frame for the face , so it 's important to keep them well groomed . " -- Makeup artist Jillian Dempsey 5 . Tame flyaways "  Carry dryer sheets ; if frizzies threaten to ruin your look , run a sheet over your hair to subdue flyaway strands . When you need to take a model 's photo fast , this trick really does work . " -- Hairstylist Clyde Haygood 6 . Master nude lips "  Line your lips with a neutral liner . Then fill in both lips -- except for the centers -- so that you can have the look of major shine when you apply a clear lip gloss . " -- Makeup artist Mally Roncal 7 . Pop your peepers "  Spotlight your eyes without being too obvious by blending a highlighter like Yves Saint Laurent 's Touche clat into the inner corners . Do n't use shimmer powder , which can look too girly . " -- Makeup artist AJ Crimson 8 . Lay a foundation "  Concealer should always follow foundation . If you put it on first and then you blend on the foundation , you 're essentially erasing all your handiwork . If you layer concealer on top , it 's staying where it needs to stay and doing its job . " -- Carmindy 9 . Later , tired eyes ! "  To perk up eyes in record time , dab under the eye area with aloe vera gel for temporary firming . " -- Sonya Dakar 10 . Stroke differently "  Utilize two kinds of mascaras -- coat the top lashes with a volumizing one to create thickness and the bottom ones with a waterproof formula to put raccoon eyes to rest . " -- Jillian Dempsey 11 . Angle arches "  To give your brows color , shine and great hold , take a little bit of MAC Oh Baby lip gloss and comb it through the eyebrows . A word of warning : Make sure you 're wearing your hair pulled back ! " -- Mally Roncal 12 . Pump your pout "  For subtly fuller lips , overdraw the cupid 's bow with Make Up For Ever 's double-tipped concealer pencil in a shade lighter than your skin tone , soften the line by smudging and then gloss lips . " -- AJ Crimson 13 . Heat up your hair "  To maximize the benefit of a rich conditioner , leave it in and stand in a steamy shower for 10 minutes once a week . It 's great to let the steam break down the conditioner -- and it 's beneficial for your skin as well . " -- Hairstylist Kimberly Kimble 14 . Skip the cake  y "  A lot of my celebrity clients like to mix my omega oils with their body foundation for a sheer , non-cakey finish . " -- Sonya Dakar 15 . Lash out "  Those with hard-to-reach blond lash roots can use a very fine-tip black liquid liner to accomplish what a bulkier mascara wand can not by painting color directly onto individual lashes . The smaller the tip and the handle , the better . " -- Carmindy 16 . Draw the line "  To make liquid liner less intimidating to use , create a liner ` stencil ' by going over the lash line with taupe pencil first . Then apply liquid liner over that . " -- Jillian Dempsey 17 . Got silk ? "  Silk scarves , rollers , bonnets and pillowcases used at night help my clients , like Gabrielle Union , maintain their glossy styles longer . Cotton dries hair out and undoes the hairstyle . Silk keeps the curl and shape of your hair intact . " -- Kimberly Kimble 18 . Live in color "  Bring attention to your eyes by using a contrasting shade of mascara . Wearing burgundy or navy instead of ordinary black or brown is a great way to accentuate your eye color . " -- Jillian Dempsey 19 . Soften up "  To keep skin soft and smooth , especially in winter , avoid hot water in the bath and shower , and apply Burt 's Bees Baby Bee Apricot Baby Oil to damp skin before slathering on a rich body cream . This will keep skin on all parts of the body nourished and glowing . " -- Sonya Dakar 20 . Get smoky eyes fast "  I 've done this trick to give Ashlee Simpson-Wentz a smoky eye in a pinch . Use a dark plum or deep green pencil all over the lid , inner rim and lower lash line and smudge it out with a cotton swab . " -- Mally Roncal 21 . Smooth your strands "  To care for end-of-summer hair , -LSB- clients like Evangeline Lilly -RSB- coat theirs midway down to the ends with a deep conditioner first , followed with a bodifying shampoo on the roots only . " -- Clyde Haygood 22 . Stop smudges "  For a quick , clean way to avoid mascara smudges , hold a plastic spoon under the upper and lower lashes to shield the rest of your eye makeup . It fits right under your eye , and you just throw it in the trash when you 're done . " -- Carmindy 23 . Get set "  Extend the life of your eyeliner by setting it with powder and going over it with a matching shade of shadow . It makes the eyeliner bulletproof . " -- Mally Roncal 24 . Save face "  Exfoliating is the most important thing you can do to make skin prettier . By cleansing your face every night with a fresh washcloth -- which is more sanitary than reusing a sponge -- and using enzyme-based masks on a regular basis , the outer layer of dead cells is eliminated , leaving the newest , softest skin . " -- facialist Nerida Joy Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE ! Copyright  2009 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Hollywood beauty insiders give up their trade secrets Use dryer sheets to tame hair flyaways , beauty expert says Facialist : "  Exfoliating is the most important thing you can do to make skin prettier " Silk instead of cotton will help keep the shape of your hair better at night
Rena was playing on her lounge floor , in her mother 's lap , when the shot tore through her cheek . She grimaced , cried for her mother and then went silent , as the blood began to flow in her mouth . The bullet came from nowhere , bursting through the frosted-glass window on the family balcony , knocking out one of her teeth , and shattering her family 's world . But in Aleppo , their ordeal had just begun because the struggle here is always to find medical help , fast . Her neighbor -- the women looking after Rena ca n't leave their home unaccompanied by male relatives -- then rushed her to the street , carrying her body . That 's when we saw him , the sight of a man carrying a limp girl still striking even amid the daily atrocities of Aleppo . He flagged down a truck and they began to race towards the hospital . We followed , unsure what had happened . After a minute , the neighbor noticed us and clearly decided our car might move through the traffic faster . He stopped the truck he was in , leapt out and ran towards us , Rena bleeding in his arms , and screamed for help . Inside Syria : Bombs , road blocks and ice cream He threw Rena onto the back seat and told us to race to the hospital , saying , "  Guys , she 's choking . " Amid the traffic and blast of our horns , the sound of Rena 's struggle to breathe was clear . A sucking sound , coupled with a gargle . The blood was flowing down her cheeks . Her neighbor screamed out of the window for cars to pass . After a minute that seemed to creep by , the car arrived at the hospital . Dar Al ` Shifa sees trauma every hour in many forms . But a child shot in the face still causes doctors to jolt . They raced her into the back emergency room and began to work on her face . The bullet had entered her mouth cleanly but had torn up the other side of her mouth . Soon it became clear they thought she would live . She was breathing more easily . The bandages made the wounds seem less severe . But one problem remained . Dar Al ` Shifa is in rebel territory where medical supplies are exhausted and hard to replenish . The decisions doctors take daily defy belief . In Rena 's case , she could not get the surgery on her face she clearly needed there , so the doctors dared to think the unthinkable , and sent her across the front lines to the better equipped government hospital . She was piled into a truck and then vanished . The women who were caring for her when the bullet struck -- her grandmother and mother -- were still at home trying to understand what had happened . On the stairs up to the apartment was Rena 's blood . Inside the apartment was her tooth . In the window was the small hole that the bullet had made . More than 100,000 refugees flee Syria in one month A military-trained safety adviser working with the CNN crew assessed the hole made by the bullet and the trajectory when it hit Rena . It was clear to him that it must have been fired from one of the high apartment blocks opposite Rena 's home . These buildings are inside rebel territory , but snipers -- particularly those working for the infamous pro-government militia known as the Shabeeha -- are thought to work inside rebel-held areas , and few could explain why the Free Syrian Army would shoot into areas that were sympathetic to it . The glass through which the bullet passed was frosted , meaning the gunman would not have seen exactly who were his targets . But the deliberate nature of how indiscriminate this was made it all the more chilling . The family members were , at that time , calm . They believed that Rena was getting the best of care and prepared for their hazardous trip to government territory to see her . It seemed like there had been a miraculous escape . The next morning , we returned . Locals in the street broke the news to us . Rena was dead . It was hard to believe that the girl we had seen recover , and who appeared so free from the bullet that should have killed her , had died from her wounds . The family refused to speak to us at first . We were told the father was angry we had entered the home and feared reprisals . After an hour , one relative met us outside . They said Rena had been rushed to two government hospitals . At each , they said , doctors had tried to help her . At each , they failed . It appears the bullet , which we did not find inside their home , had lodged inside her throat . A sniper 's bullet had killed a four-year-old girl , leaving us wondering how the violence now engulfing Aleppo will ever end , whether its civilians will ever recover life as they knew it . Syria faces societal fissures	A bullet comes from nowhere but finds 4-year-old Rena , in her mother 's lap The shot tears through her cheek ; a family 's desperate rush for help begins Dar Al ` Shifa hospital sees trauma every hour , in many forms , in a city scourged by war But a child shot in the face still causes doctors to jolt
CNN  -- A former U.S. Senate candidate from Tennessee was arrested after allegedly trying to hire a hit man to kill his uncle , CNN affiliate WJHL reports . Thomas Ken Owens offered a man $ 500 as a down payment to kill the relative , who is a pastor and bailiff the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation said . WJHL identified Owens as a one-time Senate candidate . A message left by CNN at Owens ' residence was not immediately returned . It was not immediately clear whether he has an attorney . According to court documents , posted online by the Johnson City Press , Owens met up Friday evening with someone who he thought was a hit man in the parking lot of a sports bar , and provided the photo and address of his uncle , Ernest "  Ernie " Widby . He did n't realize that the purported hit man was an informant . Owens was arrested after the meeting , which was audio recorded . Owens , 38 , has been charged with solicitation to commit first degree murder . There was a spiritual dispute within the family , WJHL reported . Widby is the founder and pastor of the local church , New Zion Faith Center , and a bailiff with the Carter County Sheriff 's Office . At a press conference , Carter County Sheriff Chris Mathes called Owens a "  disturbed individual . " "  I 'll be very public about this . You 're not going to threaten one of my officers , " Mathes said . Widby did n't take time off work . He attended the press conference but did not comment , WJHL-TV reported . "  I will tell you that Mr. Widby is one of the finest men I 've met in my life , " Mathes said . Government records show that a Thomas Ken Owens threw his name into the ring for the Democratic nomination for U.S. Senate in 2012 . WJHL said he also worked as a reporter for the station between 2001 and 2004 . He is being held at the Washington County Jail on a $ 100,000 bond , the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation said . Read more : The secret world of teen cartel hit men	Thomas Ken Owens , 38 , tried to hire a hit-man to kill his uncle , authorities say The purported hit man was an informant , according to court papers The alleged intended victim was Owens ' uncle , Ernest Widby , a pastor and bailiff Owens ran unsuccessfully for the Democratic nomination for U.S. Senate in 2012
Wellington , New Zealand  CNN  -- Perhaps the most nervous people ahead of Wednesday night 's world premiere of Peter Jackson 's "  The Hobbit " in Wellington will be the weather forecasters . As the wind whipped through New Zealand 's capital city with customary spring ferocity , they would have been praying for more lenient treatment than the average Italian seismologist if their forecast for fine weather on the big day turns out to be wrong . Wellington is stunning on a beautiful day , but only the brave plan outdoor events , and the red carpet parade of Hobbit stars and crew through the city before the premiere is both a genuine moment of national celebration and a chance to impress the visitors . International media are here in droves , almost never seen in this far-flung place which , while sometimes dubbed Middle Earth , is really at the end of the Earth . Arriving by air , they will already have seen the rather amusing Air New Zealand safety briefing video in which Orcs turn off bony iPads , and Hobbits push luggage under the seat with their furry feet . They may have even flown in on the Boeing-777 decked out in Hobbit livery . At Wellington airport , they 'll have seen the staff wearing jokey "  Elfin Safety " vests , and a giant Gollum poised disconcertingly over the snack bars . What they wo n't have seen as they landed at the hair-raising local aerodrome , set close among suburban houses , is a sign saying "  Wellywood . " Watch : Sneak preview of The Hobbit Too many locals thought that idea was just a bit too craven , notwithstanding the fact that Jackson 's stunning success has pumped millions of dollars and a great lump of creative industries into an otherwise remote , government town . A string of productions including the "  Lord of the Rings " trilogy , "  King Kong , " "  TinTin , " "  Avatar , " and "  The Lovely Bones " have built a globally credible film facility in what used to be a quiet corner of town best known for its garden center and some second-hand shops . People down here are a bit like J.R.R. Tolkien 's dwarves , you see ; fine when you get to know them , but with noses easily put out of joint . When "  Avatar " director James Cameron bought a spread over the hill from Wellington , as many complained about farmland sales to foreigners as thought it might be good for the place . Jackson himself is known to entertain occasional despair at the small-mindedness of his countryfolk . He remains loyal to the industry he 's built here but he 's also had to be ruthless about it . A campaign orchestrated by Hollywood trade unions saw Warner Brothers threaten to take the project to Scotland rather than agree to bind New Zealand actors and crew into the kinds of contracts they 're fleeing the United States to avoid . Stars , fans turn out for ` Hobbit ' premiere In the process , the New Zealand Prime Minister , John Key , earned a reputation as a huge suck-up to Warners , and political opponents wondered just how much principle was for sale to get a movie made here . Echoes of that bitter campaign have re-emerged to spoil the film 's global publicity . There have been late-surfacing claims , hotly denied , of animal cruelty on set and ham-fisted handling by local media seeking to tell more than the fairy story . The Hobbit has also been used as a political weapon in local political sparring over the country 's economic direction . If it 's really so pure , the critics fairly ask , how come New Zealand 's environmental halo has slipped so badly of late ? Local media breathlessly pick apart reports on the issue from the New York Times with all the parochial angst you 'd expect from a place unused to attracting attention and desperate to be well-regarded . Still , no one ever said a Tolkien plot was subtle . Meanwhile , in a country where manufacturers and farmers have expected neither tax breaks nor protective tariffs for a generation , New Zealanders seem as placid as Hobbiton burghers about nearly half a billion Kiwi dollars in tax breaks that have secured every production since the Lord of the Rings . Perhaps with his next trilogy in mind , Jackson was this week warning there would need to be more where that came from if New Zealand is to compete with the many other countries that know blockbuster movies do more for national self-belief than a million widgets ever will . Still , the gods appear to be smiling on the enterprise . How else to explain the eruption on cue of the volcano that plays Mount Doom -- a central landscape for Hobbit shenanigans -- mere days before the premiere ? Given the Hobbit-mania gripping the country , it 's just a wonder that when authorities closed the area to tourists , they did n't put signs saying : "  You Shall Not Pass . "	New Zealand 's capital to host the premiere of Peter Jackson 's adaptation of "  The Hobbit " Even Air New Zealand has gotten into the spirit , with a Hobbit-inspired "  elf n safety " video Other Hollywood blockbusters filmed there include "  Lord of the Rings " trilogy , "  King Kong " Jackson has warned that the country will have to do more to attract future big productions
London , England  CNN  -- The International Cricket Council said Saturday it has launched an investigation into claims of a new betting scandal involving the Pakistan national team . The allegations , which emerged Saturday in the British tabloid The Sun , relate to the third One-Day International between England and Pakistan , held in London on Friday . "  A source informed The Sun newspaper that a certain scoring pattern would emerge during certain stages of the match and , broadly speaking , that information appeared to be correct , " ICC Chief Executive Haroon Lorgat said in a statement . "  We therefore feel it is incumbent upon us to launch a full enquiry into this particular game , although it is worth pointing out at this stage that we are not stating as fact that anything untoward has occurred , " Lorgat said . "  Only in the fullness of the investigation can that be established . " The Sun reported "  illegal bookies in India and Dubai apparently knew in advance what would happen " during the game so they could make bets . The paper said its undercover team was able to pass details to ICC inspectors before the match began at the Oval cricket ground in south London . "  Cricket chiefs then watched as Pakistan 's score mirrored the target that bookies had been told in advance by a fixer , " The Sun reported . It is not thought the overall result was fixed -- only scoring rates in parts of Pakistan 's innings , the paper said . It said the investigation centers on a person "  within the team camp " who is believed to be the ringleader , taking money from bookies and ensuring their orders are carried out . Pakistan won the game by 23 runs . The claims follow a separate alleged scam , also involving the Pakistan team during its ongoing tour of England . The tabloid News of the World reported that Pakistan players deliberately bowled "  no balls , " or fouls , at specific points in a game with England in late August , and that the alleged ringleader of the scam made 150,000 pounds  about $ 230,000  . London 's Metropolitan Police have questioned four players over the allegations . They passed their evidence in that case Friday to prosecutors , who will decide whether to press charges . The ICC provisionally suspended three of the players questioned by police and charged them with various offenses under the council 's anti-corruption code .	The International Cricket Council has launched an investigation A newspaper reported new betting claims against the Pakistan national team The paper says bookies knew in advance about scoring patterns
CNN  MERS-CoV , short for Middle East Respiratory Syndrome coronavirus , first surfaced in Saudi Arabia in spring 2012 . As of June 8 , more than 1,000 cases of MERS have been confirmed in 25 countries , according to the World Health Organization . Two of those cases were in the United States . There have been over 400 deaths worldwide . Here are five things you should know about MERS : It 's a coronavirus MERS is in the same family of viruses as SARS  severe acute respiratory syndrome -- coronavirus  as well as the common cold . However , unlike SARS , which sickened more than 8,000 people in 2003 and killed 773 worldwide , MERS does not spread easily between humans -- at least not yet . The virus acts like a cold and attacks the respiratory system , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has said . But symptoms , which include fever and a cough , are severe and can lead to pneumonia and kidney failure . Gastrointestinal symptoms such as diarrhea have also been seen , according to the WHO . The average age of MERS victims is 51 , officials say , although the ages range from 2 to 94 . Researchers do n't know how MERS spreads Although all MERS cases have been linked to six countries on the Arabian Peninsula , limited human-to-human transmission has been seen among people in close contact with patients , including health care workers . Although such transmission appears to be limited , health officials are concerned about MERS because of its virulence -- it can be fatal in up to one-third of cases , Dr. Anne Schuchat , assistant surgeon general for the U.S. Public Health Service and director of the National Center for Immunization and Respiratory Diseases , said Friday . "  The virus has not shown to spread in a sustained way in communities , " the CDC says on its website . The WHO and CDC have not issued any travel warnings related to MERS , although the CDC suggests travelers to the Arabian Peninsula practice "  enhanced precautions . " And "  you are not considered to be at risk for MERS-CoV infection if you have not had close contact , such as caring for or living with someone who is being evaluated for MERS-CoV infection , " according to the CDC website . Camels appear to be a link in the MERS chain Camels may be one clue . In a paper published earlier this week , researchers said they had isolated the live MERS virus from two single-humped camels , known as dromedaries . And in February , scientists published a finding that nearly three-quarters of camels in Saudi Arabia tested positive for past MERS exposure . MERS was also found in a bat in Saudi Arabia , the CDC says . "  The way humans become infected from an animal and/or environmental source is still under investigation , " the WHO said last month . It may have a seasonal pattern Officials have noted a surge in MERS cases this spring , and a similar increase was also seen last spring , Schuchat said on Friday . But they do n't know whether the factors that lead to MERS may have a seasonal pattern , or whether the virus changes to become more easily transmissible . There are no treatments and no vaccine As of now , doctors can treat symptoms of MERS , such as fever or breathing difficulties , Schuchat said . However , there is no vaccine and no specific medicine , such as an antiviral drug , that targets MERS .	MERS has shown limited human-to-human transmission It 's in the same family as SARS and the common cold There is no treatment and no vaccine
CNN  -- A wildfire in a northeast Minnesota woodland grew by nearly tenfold Tuesday , giving off a pall of smoke that stretched from the Canadian border to southern Wisconsin . Minnesota Gov. Mark Dayton called in National Guard helicopters to assist firefighters as the Pagami Creek fire , located in the remote Superior National Forest . It spread from about 11,000 acres on Monday to more than 100,000 by Tuesday afternoon , said Doug Anderson , a spokesman for the firefighting effort . The blaze started in mid-August after a lightning strike , but jumped about 16 miles eastward on Monday -- "  unprecedented for northern Minnesota , " said Lisa Radosevich-Craig , another spokeswoman for the fire command . No injuries were reported and no buildings had been destroyed , but 36 homes in the nearby community of Isabella were evacuated as a precaution , she said . About 25 National Guard troops and four Black Hawk helicopters activated by Tuesday evening , the state Guard reported . Air National Guard members were also activated to assist the effort . The fire was centered about 80 miles north of Duluth and about 240 miles north of Minneapolis -- but the smoke stretched across the upper Great Lakes for hundreds of miles . Tyler Barnes , a spokesman for baseball 's Milwaukee Brewers , said that haze contributed to the team 's decision to close the retractable roof at its stadium for Tuesday night 's game against the Colorado Rockies . "  The forecast tonight was for lower temperatures that would have put us right around the line for closing the roof for fan comfort , " Barnes told CNN . "  The haze and smoke made the decision that much easier . " Milwaukee is about 500 miles from the blaze . Radosevich-Craig said the fire was spread by near-drought conditions in the region that had already prompted the Forest Service to close some parts of the reserve and restrict campfires in others . The last major fire in the area , about five years ago , scorched about 35,000 acres , she said . CNN 's Marlena Baldacci contributed to this report .	NEW : Minnesota 's Pagami Creek fire grows to more than 100,000 acres NEW : A smoky haze stretches as far south as Milwaukee Minnesota 's governor has sent National Guard helicopters to assist firefighters The fire 's spread is "  unprecedented " for the area , a spokeswoman says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- An audience of millions watched Cher drop a verbal bomb when she uttered the f-word on an awards show . Bono said it , too , a year later , and Nicole Richie uttered it and s -- t in the same sentence . Singer Bono appears at the 2003 Golden Globes on NBC , where he uttered a "  fleeting expletive . " Because the celebrities made their remarks on live television , the Federal Communications Commission levied heavy fines on the broadcast networks . Now the Supreme Court will weigh in on the "  isolated " use of such words -- politely referred to as "  fleeting expletives " -- and the power of government to clamp down on what it sees as pervasive indecent language on the public airwaves . Arguments in the free speech case are Tuesday . "  Make no mistake what this is about , " said Tim Winter , who heads the Parents Television Council and is supporting the FCC efforts . "  The networks are suing for the right to use the f-word in front of children during prime-time broadcast television . " But Andrew Jay Schwartzman , president of the Media Access Project , had a different view . "  The crux of this case is whether the inconsistent way the FCC has regulated indecent speech gives writers , producers , and directors , as well as television broadcasters , clear guidelines for them to comply , " said Schwartzman , whose group has filed legal briefs on behalf of the creative forces that provide programming for the networks . The controversial words have been aired in scripted and unscripted instances on all the major over-the-air networks in the past six years , when federal regulators began considering a stronger , no-tolerance policy . Fox , NBC , ABC and CBS are parties in the case . A federal appeals court in New York last year ruled in their favor , calling the FCC 's policy "  arbitrary and capricious . " The commission then appealed to the Supreme Court , seeking restoration of its power to penalize the networks airing "  indecent " speech , even if it is broadcast only once , and even if it does not describe a specific sex act . Such language is seen with greater , albeit varying , frequency on cable television , the Internet and satellite radio , which do not use public airwaves . But the federal government is charged with responding to viewer complaints when "  indecent " language reaches television television and radio , which is subject to greater regulation . That is especially relevant during daytime and early evening , when larger numbers of families and younger viewers may be watching . The FCC formally reversed its policy in March 2004 to declare that even a single use of an expletive could be illegal . Commission members noted , "  Given the core meaning of the ` F-Word , ' any use of that word or a variation , in any context , inherently has a sexual connotation . The ` F-Word ' is one of the most vulgar , graphic and explicit descriptions of sexual activity in the English language . Its use invariably invokes a coarse sexual image . " The changes became known as the "  Golden Globes Rule , " for singer Bono 's 2003 acceptance speech at the awards show on NBC , where he uttered the phrase "  really , really , f -- ing brilliant . " The commission specifically cited celebrities Cher and Richie 's potty-mouth language during the 2002 and 2003 Billboard Music Awards , which aired on Fox . Richie , in an apparently scripted moment said , "  Have you ever tried to get cow s -- t out of a Prada purse ? It 's not so f -- ing simple . " The complaint against ABC involved "  NYPD Blue , " a now-canceled scripted police drama , and the one against CBS involved "  The Early Show , " a news and interview program . Enforcement of the law , as well as fines and sanctions for the incidents , have been put on hold while the case is being argued . The appeals court ruling said the FCC did not adequately explain amendments to and enforcement of its "  vague " policy on broadcasts of profanity . But after the ruling , Michael Copps , an FCC commissioner , warned that "  any broadcaster who sees this decision as a green light to send more gratuitous sex and violence into our homes would be making a huge mistake . " The Supreme Court first ventured into the broadcast speech debate in 1978 , when it ruled as indecent a monologue by comedian George Carlin , on society 's taboo surrounding "  seven dirty words . " The bit had received some radio airplay . The author of that narrow opinion , Justice John Paul Stevens , still sits on the high court . He famously defined "  indecent " speech as any depiction or description of "  sexual or excretory activities or organs " in a manner that is deemed "  patently offensive as measured by contemporary community standards for the broadcast medium . " The now-88-year-old justice steered clear of a philosophical discourse on the First Amendment at the time , choosing instead to focus on the practical effect of suppressing "  dirty " speech : protecting young children who might be watching or listening The broadcast television networks say their scripted shows no longer have expletives , even after 10 p.m. , when some potentially vulgar words are permitted . Their worry is the unplanned , often spontaneous use of an indecent or profane word at live events , like awards shows and sporting events . Company officials say such programs are often on a five-second delay , and censors are on hand to bleep any offensive language . But some indecent words can slip through , they admit . Critics call that laughable . "  This past summer , CBS edited into a show that had to go through multiple reviews , by multiple people in the organization , the f-word , " said Winter , whose group advocates "  responsible " programming . The show in question was "  Big Brother 10 , " a taped series . Broadcasters argue they are uncertain about which words are banned , and in what context . They say "  s -- t " is forbidden under FCC rules , but not "  poop " or "  crap , " even though all those words are crude references to excrement . The appeals court noted the government does not punish every "  indecent " reference on the air , citing the R-rated "  Saving Private Ryan , " an Academy Award-winning 1998 movie that is filled with realistic , often coarse language from soldiers . The film has been aired repeatedly on the networks , but the FCC said such profanity was not intended to shock or titillate , but rather to "  convey the horrors of war . " In a separate incident , over nudity , a federal appeals court in June ruled in favor of CBS , which aired singer Janet Jackson 's "  wardrobe malfunction " -- when her breast was briefly revealed -- at the 2004 Super Bowl halftime show . The FCC imposed an indecency fine of $ 550,000 . An appeal to the high court is possible . Time Warner , parent company of CNN , filed an amicus brief supporting the networks fined by the FCC . The company is part owner of the CW broadcast network , and also operates several cable networks . Broadcasters and producers say that while there is no substitute for responsible parenting , the current social and political environment makes it difficult for them to do their jobs . "  Trying to produce material that is artistically superior is extremely difficult , " says Schwartzman , "  in a context where somebody with a clipboard is running around saying , ` Well maybe this word is OK , maybe this word is n't OK , ca n't you change this . ' " Lawyers from both sides expect Tuesday 's oral arguments to be filled with the "  indecent " language at issue , so expect to see a lot of f-bombs being tossed around by the justices , all in the name of legal clarity , of course . The case is FCC v. Fox Television Stations  07-582  .	On Tuesday , the justices will weigh in on "  fleeting expletives " on broadcast TV The government aims to clamp down on indecent language on the public airwaves But broadcast networks say government inconsistently regulates indecent speech Case concerns dirty words from celebrities such as Bono , Cher , Nicole Richie
CNN  -- Faith Hill will sing "  America the Beautiful " during the pregame show at the Super Bowl next month , according to the National Football League . Faith Hill is a Grammy Award-winning artist and the voice of "  Sunday Night Football 's " theme song . The NFL announced Wednesday that singer-actress Jennifer Hudson will deliver the national anthem before the start of Super Bowl XLIII on February 1 . The NFL already had announced that Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band would perform at halftime at the Raymond James Stadium in Tampa , Florida . Hill , a Grammy Award-winning artist and the voice of the theme song for NBC 's "  Sunday Night Football , " delivered the national anthem before Super Bowl XXXIV in Atlanta , Georgia , in 2000 . The only other artists who have sung "  America the Beautiful " before a Super Bowl are Vikki Carr  Super Bowl XI  , Ray Charles  Super Bowl XXXV  and Alicia Keys  Super Bowl XXXIX  . The 2009 Super Bowl will be broadcast in 230 countries and territories , the NFL said . More than 148 million American viewers watched the 2008 game , it said .	Faith Hill is the voice of theme song of NBC 's "  Sunday Night Football " Jennifer Hudson will deliver national anthem before the start of Super Bowl Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band also will perform at halftime The Super Bowl will be broadcast February 1
Sao Paulo  CNN  -- Paulo Henrique Machado shares pictures of some of his most cherished memories : the first time he saw the beach , a Formula One race and a party from his childhood when all his friends dressed as clowns . And yet he has lived the last 43 years -- almost his entire life -- in Brazil 's biggest hospital . As an infant , he contracted polio and was left paralyzed from the waist down . He breathes with the help of a respirator . It was the 1970s , before vaccines eradicated polio in Brazil , and Machado was sent to live in the polio ward with eight other children . "  It was a wonderful time . I 'll never forget it , " he said during a recent interview from his hospital bed . "  Even though most of our friends are no longer with us , I never stopped dreaming about them . " His mother died two days after he was born and the rest of Machado 's family soon stopped visiting . He points to a black and white picture of a boy in a pointy hat and clown makeup curled up in a wheelchair . "  That 's Pedro , " he says . "  Back then , it was him and me , we were very close . He was my friend . " Over the years many of the children died , including Pedro . "  It was December 26 , the day after Christmas , " he says . "  Everything that I planned with my friend , life did n't have the same meaning . But it made me stronger . " The children were given little chance of surviving past the age of 10 , but two people did : Machado and his lifelong friend and roommate Eliana Zagui . They still live together in a room tucked inside the Intensive Care Unit of Sao Paulo 's Clinicas Hospital . "  We 're like brother and sister and we look after each other , " Machado says . Zagui suffered paralysis caused by polio when she was a baby . She has lived in the hospital for 38 years . "  I 've been here since I was 1 year and 9 months old , " she tells us . "  I learned to write , to paint , to use a cell phone , a computer , things I like . " They were both encouraged to push beyond their physical limitations . More polio cases confirmed in Syria , WHO says Zagui recently wrote a book about her experience growing up in the hospital . She also discovered painting , patiently dabbing at the canvas with a brush taped to a tongue depressor . The wear and tear on her teeth meant she had to limit herself but she has n't stopped . Machado trained as a computer animator and wrote a screenplay for an animated series . With the help of crowd-funding and a group of animators , the series is coming to life . "  They 're inspirational , " says Dr. Nuno Da Silva , a physician who has worked in the ICU since 1988 . He says that when they have patients who have been paralyzed in car accidents they take them to spend some time with Machado and Zagui . "  They 're examples to show it is n't the end of the world , " he says . Still , they both wish they could visit , or even live , in the outside world . "  When I turned 10 , the hospital tried to convince my relatives to take me in , " says Machado . "  But that 's not what happened . So we stayed here . " Machado 's biggest passions are movies and videogames , opportunities to escape his own world . "  I like to live outside my reality , " he says . "  To get out of reality I play games , because in the games I can go where I want without suffering any pain . " There was a decade of freedom when Machado used an electric wheelchair to come and go with relative ease . But then post-polio syndrome set in , causing gradual weakening in muscles that were affected by the original infection . It became impossible for him to straighten his legs enough to sit in a wheelchair -- so travel is now only done lying down in hospital beds . But that has n't stopped him . On one of our visits he invites us to join him on an outing to a big videogame convention . Moving around is complicated -- he travels in an ambulance with medical technicians paid for by donations . Another complication : the respirator . Machado does n't need it 24 hours , but he feels more secure , having it just in case . But once inside the videogame convention , we enter Machado 's world . He laughs with excitement as a group of medical technicians and friends roll him around on a mobile hospital bed . Then he tries his hand at a few games . "  You do n't pay attention to anything else around you , " he says . "  It 's great , you just want to discover more . " For a day , at least , the tubes , the respirator , the hospital bed , they all fade into the background , and Machado becomes invincible .	Paulo Henrique Machado has lived most his 43 years in a Sao Paulo hospital bed Machado contracted polio as an infant ; his mother died soon after his birth Machado and his roommate , Eliana Zagui , have become inspirations to others with paralysis
CNN  -- The wind blew hard at Wimbledon on Friday , but world No. 1 Maria Sharapova overcame the tricks of one of her former junior rivals to stay on course for a potential quarterfinal showdown with Kim Clijsters . Sharapova is seeking to follow up her first French Open title by again winning the grass-court crown she so memorably lifted as a 17-year-old in 2004 . She reached the last 16 with a 6-1 6-4 victory over Taiwan 's Su-Wei Hsieh to move a step closer to a meeting with former No. 1 Clijsters . However , the Russian must first get through a rematch with German 15th seed Sabine Lesicki , who she beat in last year 's semifinals before losing the title match against Petra Kvitova . Clijsters , playing her last Wimbledon ahead of her second retirement at the end of this year , must beat another German , eighth seed Angelique Kerber , if she is to have any chance of reaching her first final in the London grand slam . Sharapova struggled with her serve in the gusty conditions , delivering five double-faults as she needed to come back from 4-2 down in the second set . "  I faced her many times in the juniors and she used to be a nightmare for me because she used to slice and drop shot on clay , " Sharapova said . "  I was like , ` Where did she learn how to play tennis like that ? Uses both hands , switches rackets . ' We had real battles in the juniors . "  I had n't played her since then , but I knew her game really well . I do n't think she had time to do all of that today on grass . If I 'm hitting a hard shot , I do n't think she has time to create , which is something she really likes to do . That 's her game , hitting a lot of drop shots and slices and getting people kind of crazy . " Sharapova has now won all seven third-round matches she has played at Wimbledon without dropping a set . She has a 3-0 career advantage over Lisicki , who had lost five matches in a row before the start of this tournament after reaching the fourth round at the Australian Open and also last September 's U.S. Open . "  Maria is a great competitor and fights for every point . She obviously has a lot of confidence , coming off the French Open now , " said the 22-year-old , who beat American teenager Sloane Stephens 7-6  7-5  1-6 6-2 . "  She hits it flat and hard and she 's a champion , winning so many grand slams . It 's nice to play her again -- I like challenges and I 'm looking forward to the big match again . " Clijsters , twice a semifinalist at Wimbledon , moved into the fourth round when Russian opponent Vera Zvonareva had to retire due to breathing difficulties when trailing 6-3 4-3 . "  I heard her cough a couple of times and it did n't sound good . It 's unfortunate . I saw after long rallies it took her a little while to recover , " the Belgian said of the 12th seed , who beat her in 2010 on the way to the final . Kerber , who reached the last eight at Roland Garros and the semifinals at the 2011 U.S. Open , defeated American 28th seed Christina McHale 6-2 6-3 to achieve her best result on the hallowed grass turf . Polish third seed Agnieszka Radwanska also reached the last 16 as she ended the hopes of 20-year-old British player Heather Watson , cruising to a 6-0 6-2 win . Radwanska , a quarterfinalist in 2008 and 2009 , will next face 20-year-old Italian qualifier Camila Giorgi -- making only her second grand slam appearance after a first-round loss last year . Giorgi , ranked 145th , followed up her upset of 16th-seeded compatriot Flavia Pennetta in the opening round to oust Russian No. 20 Nadia Petrova 6-3 7-6  8-6  . Chinese 30th seed Peng Shuai eliminated the conqueror of U.S. Open champion Sam Stosur , winning 6-1 6-2 against 21-year-old Dutch player Arantxa Rus to match last year 's effort of reaching the fourth round . Peng will next play Maria Kirilenko following the Russian 17th seed 's 6-3 6-1 crushing of Romania 's Sorana Cirstea -- who shocked French Open champion Li Na in the second round .	Top seed Maria Sharapova through to the last 16 after beating Su-Wei Hsieh on Friday French Open champion will next play Germany 's Sabine Lisicki in Wimbledon rematch Russian could then face former world No. 1 Kim Clijsters in the quarterfinals next week Clijsters , playing her final Wimbledon , must first get past Germany 's Angelique Kerber
CNN  -- On Wednesday , July 23 , the State of Arizona executed Joseph Rudolph Wood in the fourth visibly bungled execution this year . The execution began at 1:52 p.m. . According to eyewitness Michael Kiefer , "  Wood was unconscious by 1:57 p.m. . At about 2:05 , he started gasping . " He continued to gasp for over 90 minutes . Afterward , eyewitness Troy Hayden reported , "  Joe Wood is dead , but it took him two hours to die . To watch a man lay there for an hour and 40 minutes gulping air , I can liken it to , if you catch a fish and throw it on the shore , the way the fish opens and closes its mouth . " Kiefer counted more than 640 gasps . Arizona engaged in a failed experiment . Its new execution protocol called for administration of two drugs , midazolam and hydromorphone . The only other time this drug combination had been used was the prolonged and similarly disturbing Ohio execution of Dennis McGuire , who took 24 minutes to die and struggled for air for 10 to 13 minutes . Eyewitness Alan Johnson reported that McGuire "  gasped deeply . It was kind of a rattling , guttural sound . There was kind of a snorting through his nose . A couple of times , he definitely appeared to be choking . " Faced with these well-documented problems , Arizona adopted Ohio 's procedure but increased the amount of each drug  from 10 milligrams to 50 milligrams for midazolam and from 40mg to 50mg for hydromorphone  . The state refused to reveal , however , its process for selecting the new doses or whether it conducted due diligence to determine that its protocol would be more effective . Notwithstanding the changes Arizona made to the drug formula , Wood 's execution went even worse than McGuire 's . Despite requests from Wood 's lawyers , Arizona also refused to reveal the source of its drugs -- including the manufacturer , lot number and expiration date -- and the qualifications of its execution team members . Nothing about this information would compromise the identity of those participating in executions , but it would allow the courts and the public to analyze whether the execution procedures will work as intended and bring about death in a way that meets the requirements of the Eighth Amendment . Callan : Are death penalty delays ` cruel and unusual ' ? Four men -- Michael Wilson , McGuire , Clayton Lockett and Wood -- have been subjected to bungled executions this year . Although the drugs , doses and other details of the procedures differed in each execution , the commonality between them is that the departments of corrections used experimental drug combinations and shielded crucial aspects of their practices in secrecy . Even in the aftermath of the executions , the lack of transparency continues . While governors in both Oklahoma and Arizona have called for reviews of the problematic executions , no outside authorities have been brought in to conduct the investigations . Internal investigations are insufficient to the task . Departments of corrections can not be allowed to provide pat explanations that leave central questions unanswered , minimize errors and hide relevant information about what went wrong . Instead , there must be independent investigations of each execution that goes awry and thorough , public reporting of the results . Without truly independent investigations , it will be impossible to make meaningful conclusions about what went wrong or to determine if changes can be made to ensure that the same errors do not happen again . Chemical mix and human error lead to controversial executions The botched executions in Arizona , Ohio and Oklahoma show us that when states are allowed to devise novel , untested execution protocols without judicial scrutiny or public oversight , the resulting procedures are unreliable . And when the unreliable procedures are implemented , the consequences are gruesome and horrific . States can not be allowed to continue carrying out death sentences without judicial review of their execution procedures . The courts must require departments of corrections to disclose key aspects of these procedures , particularly with respect to the provenance of the drugs used and the qualifications of the execution personnel . Without this oversight , botched executions will become the new norm . No additional executions should proceed until the states act with transparency , and the courts scrutinize execution procedures to ensure that they comport with the U.S. Constitution . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Four men have been subjected to botched executions this year , authors say In Arizona , it took Joseph Wood two hours to die Authors say states veil their procedures in secrecy , contributing to the problem States must disclose much more information and courts should review process , they say
Rolling Stone  -- Apple chief executive Steve Jobs ' announcement today at the Worldwide Developers Conference that Apple 's new iCloud service will allow music fans to reproduce their entire digital collections on locker-style servers accessible via 10 devices -- including iPhones , iPads and computers -- may not save the ravaged record industry , but it could provide a crucial new revenue stream while allowing consumers to easily consolidate their music libraries in the cloud . "  Keeping these devices in sync is driving us crazy , " Jobs said in his keynote speech today at the WWDC in San Francisco today . "  We have a great solution for this problem . We are going to demote the PC to just be a device . We are going to move the digital hub , the center of your digital life , into the cloud . " Rumored for weeks , iCloud will be free for up to 5 gigabytes of music downloaded via iTunes , Jobs announced . The service will scan and match users ' current music collections for music carried by the iTunes store , and then make it available to all of the users ' devices by sending the songs ' metadata to the cloud . The new iTunes iMatch service will cost $ 25 a year , with unlimited storage , for users to copy digital music ripped from CDs or downloaded illegally .  The free version is available immediately , while iMatch will roll out in coming months , most likely with a new version of Apple 's operating system in the fall .  The service will also allow storage of movies , photos and other data files , replacing Apple 's MobileMe , in an attempt to shift consumers from physical hard-drive to Web-based storage . Choose Rolling Stone 's Cover : The Sheepdogs vs. Lelia Broussard . Vote Now "  It is one way to make someone pay for music they 've already bought . It 's pretty ingenious , " Syd Schwartz , a former EMI Music executive who is now a consultant to artist managers and record labels , tells Rolling Stone . "  I 'm sure someone in an executive office at a major label somewhere is going , ` At least that 's one way we can monetize the stuff people stole from Napster over the years . ' " Apple is n't the first to provide such a service -- Amazon unveiled its Cloud Drive in late March , and Google jumped into the market with Music Beta a month ago .  Also , in the late 1990s , MP3.com created a very similar service , Beam-It , but since the company had no licenses with major labels , Universal Music successfully branded it illegal piracy and sued , putting the service out of business .  But , in a swipe at his competitors , Jobs declared Apple 's iCloud to be significantly faster than Amazon and Google 's services . "  It certainly appears like it 's going to be a better experience , " Schwartz says . "  The Amazon and Google services were an attempt to bring them to market quickly . " And more important , unlike competitors Google and Amazon , Apple has licensing deals with record labels to use their vast song catalogs by artists from the Beatles to Led Zeppelin to Lady Gaga in the new service . As the world 's biggest music retailer , with longstanding label deals for iTunes , Apple had the clout to make these deals where Amazon , Google and Spotify could not . The deals allow Apple to scan a user 's hard drive and make copies of the songs in the cloud , rather than forcing users into the cumbersome process of uploading their collections . "  You do n't have to store individual copies of every track . Which Amazon and Google do , " says a source at a major label . "  And they have to pay for storage costs . ... Scan-and-match is a big advantage of a licensed locker . " Apple entered the music business in 2002 , when it made digital-music deals with major record labels still shell-shocked from Napster and online piracy . In so doing , the computer company almost singlehandedly transformed the record business ' longstanding sales model from selling $ 15 to $ 18 CDs to far less profitable 99-cent digital tracks . Apple did not give music companies a cut of the iPod , iPhone or other devices , however , and record executives have loudly complained as Apple 's shares have skyrocketed during the same period labels have laid off staff , cut artist rosters and in the case of once-powerful EMI , flirted with bankruptcy . Britney Spears ' Life in Photos : Her Rise , Fall and Comeback Labels have struggled in the past several years to find new revenue streams , and numerous top executives point to music subscriptions as a powerful new business model based on monthly fees . However , existing subscription services such as Rhapsody and MOG have yet to gain a foothold in the U.S. music market , and American labels have yet to make deals with Spotify , the free service that has been popular in Europe the last three years . Also , in the past , Jobs has been critical of the subscription model , although he seemed to change his position in late 2009 , when Apple bought the growing subscription company Lala . For iCloud , Apple will give the four major labels almost 60 percent of future profits , as well as roughly 12 percent to music publishers , according to music-business sources .  One source at another major label says Apple will determine future percentages based on labels ' sales -- and that labels will then give profit shares to their artists based on the artists ' sales . Many in the music business predict Apple will use iCloud as a gateway to a broader subscription service , perhaps in the next few months , although Jobs did not address this point in his speech . "  It 's a good start , " says another music-business source . "  If everyone in America who consumed music paid $ 25 to put their music in a cloud and then -LSB- iCloud -RSB- turns into a subscription-based music service -- does n't sound bad to me . Those economics would work well for everyone . " Copyright  2010 Rolling Stone .	The new iTunes iMatch service will cost $ 25 a year , with unlimited storage For iCloud , Apple will give the four major labels almost 60 percent of future profits Apple is n't the first to provide such a service -- Amazon unveiled its Cloud Drive in March
A follower of Charles Manson accused of attempting to smuggle a cell phone to the notorious cult leader has been arrested , California prison officials said Tuesday . Craig Hammond was allegedly caught with a wristwatch cell phone while being searched Sunday at Corcoran State Prison ahead of a planned visit with Manson , said Terry Thornton , spokeswoman for the California Department of Corrections . The 63-year-old Hammond was arrested on suspicion of attempting to bring a cell phone into a prison , conspiracy to commit a crime and unauthorized communication with an inmate , Thornton said . Hammond was taken into custody by the King County Sheriff 's Department . He was later released on $ 30,000 bail , officials said . Hammond visits regularly with Manson , telling CNN in 2009 that he moved close to Corcoran prison so he could be near the man he believes possesses deep insight into environmental issues . Hammond told CNN he goes by Gray Wolf , a name he says was given to him by Manson -- who was known to name members of his infamous "  family " of followers in the 1960s . Manson has twice been caught in possession of a cell phone in his prison cell : Once in 2009 , when authorities found a phone under his bed , and again in 2011 . Manson was initially sentenced to death for the grisly 1969 slayings of pregnant actress Sharon Tate and six others , including Leno and Rosemary LaBianca , by a group of his followers as part of what prosecutors said was an attempt to incite an apocalyptic race war during the country 's massive social unrest . Manson 's death sentence was changed to life in prison after California 's death penalty was overturned for a period during the 1970s . He has been denied parole 12 times .	Craig Hammond , 63 , is a follower of Charles Manson and visits him often Hammond is accused of trying to smuggle a wristwatch cell phone to Manson Manson is serving a life sentence for the 1969 slayings of Sharon Tate and eight others Manson has been caught twice before with a cell phone in prison
British politicians and EU officials expressed concern on Thursday after it emerged that a seven-year-old article criticising a former Merrill Lynch chief executive was set to be removed from Google 's search results . The action , which comes as the internet search company responds to the EU ruling on the "  right to be forgotten " by removing articles from its European search rankings , led to accusations of censorship and over-reach . Titled "  Merrill 's mess " , the 2007 blog post by Robert Peston , now the BBC 's economics editor , describes how Stan O'Neal left the US investment bank after it suffered huge losses on risky investments . In a blog post on Wednesday Mr Peston said the search company had in effect removed his article from the public record , "  given that Google is the route to information and stories for most people " . He had earlier received a "  notice of removal " from the search company , informing him that his article would no longer appear in the results of some searches . In May , the European Court of Justice , the EU 's highest court , ruled that individuals had the right to request the removal of search results linking to "  inadequate , irrelevant or no longer relevant " personal data -- even if the information had been published legally . Google -- which opposed the court decision -- responded by introducing an online form giving visitors to its European sites a formal route to make removal requests . In the first four days after uploading the form , Google received more than 41,000 requests . Two senior EU officials said Google 's removal of the BBC article was a misinterpretation of the ECJ 's ruling . One , who did not want to be named , said : "  The ruling and the European Commission have made it clear that the right to be forgotten should not be applied for journalistic work . " Earlier this year Viviane Reding , who stepped down this week from being the EU 's justice commissioner to become a member of the European Parliament , said the court had "  made clear that journalistic work must not be touched ; it is to be protected " . However , the ECJ 's ruling was a little more intricate . The court said the right to privacy could be waived if "  justified by the preponderant interest of the general public in having , on account of its inclusion in the list of results , access to the information in question " . But it also added that in some cases the public interest argument was valid only for the search engine of a news site , not for that of a general search engine such as Google . Legal experts said the decision to remove Mr Peston 's article highlighted the complexity of interpreting the new EU law and the difficulty in applying it to Google , which now had to act as a de facto freedom of expression regulator . "  There are some cases that are clear-cut but the majority of cases will be in a grey area like this one , " said Eduardo Ustaran , a partner at law firm Hogan Lovells in London . "  Now it 's up to Google to understand whether an article is in the public interest or not . That 's tough for a company . " Dominic Raab , a British Conservative MP , said : "  This draconian European court ruling risks turning internet search engines from being the great 21st-century emancipators of millions of ordinary people into arbitrary censors -- and a refuge for scoundrels and crooks looking to airbrush away their own unsavoury history . " Tracey Crouch , a Conservative MP on the culture select committee , said : "  If critical articles are removed from Google searches at the request of persons named or unnamed , it could pose serious questions for lawmakers , the media and society . " Ben Bradshaw , a former Labour culture secretary , added that the company appeared to be over-interpreting the court ruling . "  Mr Peston is right to say the information he published is still relevant , " he said . "  I ca n't see why Google would do this . It is either a mistake or could be an attempt by them -LSB- Google -RSB- to whip up a storm of indignation against the regulatory authorities in an attempt to influence the bigger battles to come . " A link to Wednesday 's article posted to the BBC journalist 's Twitter feed has been retweeted more than 600 times . Mr Peston conceded that he could simply be "  the victim of teething problems " as the search company begins to implement the rules . He added , however : "  There is an argument that in removing the blog , Google is confirming the fears of many in the industry that the ` right to be forgotten ' will be abused to curb freedom of expression and to suppress legitimate journalism that is in the public interest . " The BBC has a right to appeal against Google 's move and seek the view of the UK 's data protection regulator , which has the right to overturn the search engine 's decision . It is not clear who requested the removal of the article from Google 's search rankings . Mr O'Neal was the only individual named in the 2007 article , but Mr Peston pointed out in an update to his Wednesday night blog post that the request could have come from any of the readers who commented beneath the original article , or anyone named in those comments . The blog post continued to appear under certain searches on Google 's UK site on Thursday . Google does not plan to remove links to personal information from the US version of its search engine , meaning Europeans can visit Google.com to search for information removed from their local version . Additional reporting by Kiran Stacey	Google responded to the EU ruling on the "  right to be forgotten " by removing articles from search rankings The internet search company 's action led to accusations of censorship and over-reach The EU 's highest court ruled that individuals can request the removal of some search results
For Antonio Conti , time stopped on the evening of May 29 , 1985 . He had taken his Juventus-supporting daughter Giusy to watch the Italian club play English team Liverpool in the 1985 European Cup final in Brussels at the Heysel Stadium . It should have been a time for celebration . Father and daughter watching the most prestigious club game in European football in the traditional climax to the season . Instead , Conti 's memories of Heysel are of mayhem and death . "  It was 19:25 CET when everything happened , " Conti told CNN . "  When I woke up half an hour later I was among dead people , and at that moment I remembered where I was . "  I looked for my daughter until I saw a shoe under a blanket and I understood that she was dead . " For the modern European football fan used to watching matches in bright , shiny all-seater stadiums , it is almost impossible to imagine attending a football game and dying there . But in the space of four years in the 1980s , nearly 200 people lost their lives in three horrific European stadium tragedies . First , on May 11 1985 , just over two weeks before the Heysel stampede , came a devastating fire at the Bradford City Stadium fire on May 11 , and then there was a deadly crush at another English ground -- Hillsborough -- in 1989 . It is only in the last few months that Britain 's political and civil institutions have begun to be held to account for the reasons behind the death of 96 people during an FA Cup match at Hillsborough , which has long cast a shadow over the city of Liverpool . Four years earlier at Heysel , Liverpool had been involved in another stadium tragedy as 39 fans -- 32 from Italy , four from Belgium , two from France , one from Northern Ireland , the youngest just 11 years old -- were killed in a stampede before the European Cup final against Juventus . "  For me that cup will always be covered in death , " wrote Juve defender Antonio Cabrini in his autobiography "  Io Antonio . " "  The cup of death " . Forgotten story Heysel is a story of "  incompetence , violence , cover-up , shame and lies , " writes Professor John Foot -- the author of the authoritative history of Italian football , "  Calcio . " "  It 's also a story of forgetting , " adds Foot . "  Many people have an interest in not remembering what happened that night : the players , many fans , the Belgian politicians and police forces . " Foot 's analysis is shared by Rosalina Vannini Gonnelli , who lost her husband in the tragedy and whose 18-year-old daughter was injured that night 27 years ago . "  Is there anyone who gives a damn ? " questioned Gonnelli . "  News has to be on the front page , then everyone forgets . My daughter will carry that with her for her whole life . "  I 'm happy that sometimes there is someone who remembers the tragedy . "  Many , many years have passed . People had forgotten soon after it happened , so now there 's no way . The 39 angels will always be in the memories of their loved ones . " Journalist Francesco Caremani was an Italian who cared , and in 2003 he wrote a book about the tragedy -- "  The Truths of Heysel -- Chronicle of a Tragedy Foretold . " Caremani was a friend of Otello Lorentini , who was head of the now disbanded Association for the Victims of Heysel . Lorentini 's son Roberto was a doctor who died at Heysel . Roberto had resuscitated a boy before being crushed to death , an act that saw him posthumously awarded a civic medal for his bravery . "  Before my book nobody had listened to the victims . It was the first chance that they had had to speak about the night of the Heysel disaster , of the process and the battle for justice , " said Caremani . When Roberto Lorentini died in 1985 , his son Andrea , who is now a sports journalist , was just three . "  I 'm angry and bitter because it 's impossible to die for a football match , " said Andrea . "  There is n't logic for what happened in Brussels . " Sector Z There are close parallels between Hillsborough and Heysel -- disasters waiting to happen at two dilapidated stadiums , which hosted major games with poor ticketing arrangements and "  negligent policing . " Heysel Stadium 's Sector Z terrace had grass poking through the crumbling concrete . Flimsy wire-netting separated the Liverpool and Juve fans while a minimal police force battled to keep control of thousands of fans . A police force whose walkie-talkies had no batteries . "  I felt a lot of anger and bitterness towards UEFA that allowed such an important match to be played in an inadequate stadium , " said Conti . "  The curved sector where we were should not have been open to the public , because it was n't up to hosting 15,000 people . "  In that sector there were hooligans as well and the police were n't able to keep order . " Then came the charge of the Liverpool fans . "  There are dozens of points that are usually offered to explain the context , but the context does not begin to excuse anything , " writes Liverpool fan Tony Evans , football editor of British newspaper The Times . "  No amount of context could . That stampede might have been considered standard terrace fare , a token act of territorialism and intimidation , but it led innocent fans to flee in terror . "  Some tried to climb a wall to escape . The wall crumbled . Thirty-nine people were crushed to death . The world was appalled . Turin went into mourning . Liverpool and their supporters were left with the stigma and the stain . " With corpses lying in the stadium car park , UEFA ordered the game to go ahead for the sake of public safety . Juventus won the final 1-0 thanks to a penalty from Michel Platini , who is now president of the European governing body . "  I was at home watching the match on television , but I had the feeling that something terrible had happened to my loved ones , " said Gonnelli . " I spent the whole night at Pisa airport waiting for them to come back . " Platini 's celebration after scoring the penalty was widely criticized , though he justified playing the game by arguing that if it had not gone ahead , it "  would have been the end of football . " Another relative told CNN that Juventus had always wanted to put a veil over Heysel to forget this page in the club 's history and that the Serie A side 's then president Giampiero Boniperti should have handed the European Cup back . Juventus insist that the club has never forgotten the suffering of the family victims and that the disaster 's anniversary is always religiously marked . A commemorative monument was unveiled in the main courtyard of the club 's headquarters shortly after the disaster , and there was a dedication to the victims at the opening of Juve 's new stadium last year . "  The families of the victims are always welcome at the club , our museum and the stadium and they can come for free , " said a Juve spokeswoman . Liverpool FC also marks the anniversary of the tragedy , with flowers placed on the memorial plaque and flags flown at half-mast , while its website features stories of remembrance . The right punishments ? In the aftermath of Heysel , then UEFA president Jacques Georges and general secretary Hans Bangerter were threatened with imprisonment , before being given conditional discharges . Albert Roosens , the former secretary-general of the Belgian Football Union  BFU  and Johan Mahieu -- who was in charge of policing the stands at Heysel despite having never supervised a football match before -- were given six-month suspended prison sentences for negligence . "  Heysel is the tragedy of the century , " said Caremani . "  UEFA and Belgian institutions are the guilty ones -- they chose that stadium and it was the worst stadium in Europe for a final of the European Cup . "  UEFA , the Belgian institutions , England and Italy try to forget about it . They do n't care about the victims . It is only after Heysel that UEFA took responsibility for stadium safety . " Conti added : "  The Italian state , the Italian Football Federation and Juventus took little interest in the case . " That critique of establishment inertia might strike a chord with those relatives of the Hillsborough tragedy who have campaigned so tirelessly for the true story of their family members ' deaths to be told . In the aftermath of Heysel , 25 Liverpool fans were subsequently extradited from the United Kingdom and , after a five-month trial , 14 were found guilty of voluntary manslaughter in April 1989 -- the same month of the Hillsborough disaster -- with each of them serving a year in jail English clubs were excluded from Europe for five years , with Liverpool handed an extra year 's ban . "  The anger at the hooligans of Liverpool is still very strong , unspoken , but very strong , both among the relatives of the victims -- who know the history very well -- and especially among the Juventus ` ultras ' -- who know it a little ` less well , ' " said Caremani , before adding : "  but everyone knows very well UEFA and Belgian institutions ' responsibilities . " Lasting shadow Last month the family of victims of the Hillsborough disaster received an apology from British Prime Minister David Cameron for the long delay in giving answers to all those affected by "  one of the greatest peacetime tragedies of the last century . " Cameron 's apology and the publication of an independent panel 's report revealing serious failings by police and emergency services was a major breakthrough for the Hillsborough campaigners after their many years of battling to get to the truth . "  I feel solidarity with the Hillsborough victims -- only those who experienced it can understand , ' said Gonnelli . The truth about Hillsborough might have taken 23 years to finally seep out but in the interim , English football fans saw vast improvements to the stadia in England as a direct result of the disaster . All-seater grounds in the top leagues were enforced on the back of recommendations made in Lord Taylor 's report of 1989 . No longer would fans go to a football match in fear of their lives . But was that the case in Italy ? Caremani 's concern is that stadium organization in Italy still remains a problem . ` Italy has not learnt the lessons in the way England did , " he said . "  Italian hooligans are very fascinated about English hooligans . It was the model for Italy . English stadiums are really the best in the world , or most of them are . "  We have not learnt the lessons of stadium safety and organization -- the Taylor report is a totem for me . But it came after Hillsborough . Why not after Heysel ? "	Nearly 200 people died in three horrific stadium tragedies in the 1980s Some say that the one at Heysel in 1985 has been largely forgotten Thirty-nine fans died at the Belgian stadium before European Cup final Juventus insist the club still honors the relatives of Heysel victims
