CNN  -- Phil Donahue has rarely shied away from controversy . On his long-running syndicated talk show , he debated issues including abortion and the death penalty , and his MSNBC show was canceled in 2003 , he maintained , because of his antiwar stand . Phil Donahue , right , made "  Body of War " about disabled veteran Tomas Young , seated . Now the former talk show host has co-directed and co-produced an independent film , "  Body of War , " about a disabled Iraq war veteran , Tomas Young , who questions the conflict 's rationale . Young joined the military after the September 11 attacks and was sent to Iraq . After less than a week there , he was shot in the spine , paralyzing him from the waist down . "  Body of War " is the story of his coming home and adjusting to his new reality . The film has earned excellent reviews and was named best documentary of 2007 by the National Board of Review . It airs on The Sundance Channel on Tuesday night . Watch Donahue talk about politics and war " Donahue talked about "  Body of War " and the recent presidential election on "  American Morning " with CNN 's Carol Costello . CNN : What did you hope to prove by -LSB- making "  Body of War " -RSB- ? Phil Donahue : Well , this work by ... Ellen Spiro and Phil Donahue is our attempt to show the harm in harm 's way . In the middle of the most sanitized war of my lifetime , nobody sees this pain . These people are all below the radar . What you see in our film is a drama taking place behind the closed doors of thousands of homes in this country . I 'm telling you , less than 5 percent of us have sacrificed , and the American people are not seeing this . I think this is a shame . CNN : Well , let 's see some of that . We 're going to show a clip right now . Begin video clip Tomas Young : When I made the phone call on September 13 , it was because I saw the pictures of -LSB- President Bush -RSB- standing on top of the pile , saying that we were going to smoke the evildoers out that did this to us . All that had to happen so I could fly 10,000 miles away to not shoot around , because all I saw were women and children running away from gunfire , before I took a bullet myself . End video clip CNN : Got a lot of wonderful reviews already . I just want to ask you what your hope is for when Barack Obama takes office for veterans of the Iraq war . Donahue : Well , he will stop the pretense . He will stop it immediately . Oh , the troops , the troops , we love the troops ... -LSB- but -RSB- the troops come home and the V -LSB- eterans -RSB- A -LSB- dministration -RSB- does n't call them back . We have to stop all this . We think if we say it , it 's true . So , I see Barack Obama as -- first of all , the smile alone is going to restore this nation to the world 's family of nations . ... They 're going to be fascinated with the guy , and he is going to exploit this special attention to the benefit of this nation . I am pumped . CNN : The bar is high for him . Donahue : Yes . CNN : He 's got the weight of the world on his shoulders . Phil Donahue , thank you for joining us . Donahue : Thank you , Carol .	Phil Donahue co-directed , co-produced "  Body of War " Film concerns Tomas Young , Iraq war veteran paralyzed by bullet to spine Donahue : "  Nobody sees this pain . These people are all below the radar "
If classified leaker Edward Snowden claims victory for disclosing details of U.S. surveillance programs , he should return all the other documents he has yet to to make public , Director of National Intelligence James Clapper said Wednesday . Terrorists and other foes were "  going to school " on information revealed by Snowden so far , Clapper told the Senate Intelligence Committee , adding the disclosures put from disclosures put U.S. intelligence operations and citizens at risk . "  What Snowden has stolen and exposed has gone way , way beyond his professed concerns with so-called domestic surveillance programs , " Clapper said . "  As a result , we 've lost critical foreign intelligence collection sources , including some shared with us by valued partners . " Terrorists "  going to school " Terrorists and other adversaries of America were "  going to school on U.S. intelligence sources ' methods and trade craft , and the insights that they are gaining are making our job much , much harder , he continued . "  Snowden claims that he 's won and that his mission is accomplished , " Clapper also noted . "  If that is so , I call on him and his accomplices to facilitate the return of the remaining stolen documents that have not yet been exposed to prevent even more damage to U.S. security . " A former National Security Agency contractor , Snowden is in Russia seeking permanent asylum to avoid U.S. criminal charges over the leaking of classified documents that exposed surveillance programs , including the collection of phone records for possible use in terrorism investigations . Asked about the impact of the Snowden leaks at the hearing , Defense Intelligence Agency Director Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn told the panel the disclosures have caused "  grave damage " to U.S. national security . "  The greatest cost that is unknown today but that we will likely face is the cost of human lives on tomorrow 's battlefield or in some place where we will put our military forces when we ask them to go into harm 's way , " Flynn said . Proposed surveillance changes President Barack Obama has proposed modest reforms to the surveillance programs disclosed by Snowden , but it remains unclear if a divided Congress will come to any agreement on changes intended to balance privacy concerns with national security needs . Democratic Sen. Jay Rockefeller of West Virginia criticized Obama 's idea of having third party organizations or phone companies keep the metadata records , rather than the NSA . "  The collection and querying of this metadata is not a private sector responsibility , " Rockefeller said , adding that "  going down this path will threaten , not strengthen , our ability to protect this country and the American people from a terrorist attack and massive invasions of their privacy . " Wednesday 's committee hearing focused on the intelligence community 's annual report of worldwide threats , and Clapper 's opening statement outlined a series of crises and challenges amounted to a bleak outlook on the state of global affairs . "  Looking back over my more than half a century in intelligence , I have not experienced a time when we 've been beset by more crises and threats around the globe , " he said . He provided an overview that read like a compilation of cheap thriller novels -- dispersed terrorist networks that led to last year 's Boston Marathon bombing ; Syria 's civil war that he said created a "  growing center of radical extremism " ; that conflict 's destabilizing impact on neighboring Lebanon , Iraq , Jordan and Turkey ; increased foreign cyber capabilities ; a "  dangerous , unpredictable North Korea " ; "  perpetual conflict and extremism in Africa , " and increased stress of growing populations that creates competition for energy , food and water . Al Qaeda in 12 countries Asked about al Qaeda , Clapper said it had spawned five different franchises operating in 12 countries including Yemen , Somalia , Syria and elsewhere . He was especially concerned about Syria , saying it had become "  a huge magnet for extremists " with an estimated 26,000 of them among 1,600 groups in the war-torn Middle East nation . "  We estimate , at this point , in excess of 7,000 foreign fighters have been attracted from some 50 countries , many of them in Europe and the Mideast , " Clapper added . The foreign extremists "  engage in combat , get training , and we 're seeing now the appearance of training complexes in Syria to train people to go back to their countries , and , of course , conduct more terrorist acts , " he said , calling it a "  huge concern . " North Korea nuclear program Regarding the often unnerving actions of North Korea , Clapper said Kim Jong Un 's regime appeared to have gone ahead with plans it announced last spring to step up activities at its nuclear facilities . North Korea has restarted a plutonium production reactor and expanded a uranium enrichment plant at Yongbyon , its main nuclear complex , he said in his written testimony to the committee . His assessment tallies with researchers ' analysis of satellite images of the Yongbyon complex from August . Clapper also warned that North Korea is "  committed to developing a long-range missile technology that is capable of posing a direct threat to the United States . " But he said the longstanding view of U.S. intelligence is that Pyongyang sees its nuclear program as "  intended for deterrence , international prestige and coercive diplomacy . "	Clapper says North Korea has stepped up activities at its main nuclear complex Intelligence chiefs give a Senate panel the annual assessment of global threats DNI Clapper : Terrorists , foes "  going to school " on classified leaks Military intelligence director Flynn says Snowden leaks caused "  grave damage "
CNN  -- President Barack Obama will no doubt attempt to use Thursday 's meeting with Pope Francis as a platform to promote his political agenda at home , especially as it relates to poverty and income inequality . It 's no secret that Pope Francis has made these issues central components of the first year of his papacy -- nor that the president has already tried to exploit this . Not long after the pontiff released his 47,000-word apostolic exhortation , Evangelii Gaudium , Obama lifted language directly from the document in a partisan speech of his own . But the attempt to tether himself to Pope Francis is an awkward and ultimately doomed one . 5 things you did n't know about Popes and Presidents For one , the president is currently facing the largest religious liberty class action lawsuit in American history . Of the 300 and counting plaintiffs suing the Obama administration on religious freedom grounds , perhaps most famous are the Little Sisters of the Poor , an order of nuns founded to care for the impoverished and dying elderly . Another well-known plaintiff is Notre Dame , the university where the president loudly promised to keep conscience rights intact with the health care overhaul . It was the religious liberty version of the "  if you like your plan , you can keep it " speech . In 2011 , the president stripped the U.S. Conference of Catholics Bishops of its longstanding funding for human-trafficking work because of the Bishops ' conscientious objections to referring victims to abortions . In 2012 , he had his lawyers work to strike down the ministerial exception in federal workplace discrimination law , which assures houses of worship the right to employ religious leaders according to doctrine . Throughout his presidency , he has come under repeated criticism for his numerous aggressions on people of faith , be they rhetorical or legal . Not only is the president under fire for religious freedom violations on his own soil , he has held power during a period of significant unraveling of religious freedom internationally . Egypt is in a state of crisis , with Coptic Christians experiencing the worst persecution they have known in centuries . Countless other religious minorities have fallen into peril : Catholics in Vietnam and Nigeria , vangelical Christians in Indonesia , Buddhists and Muslims in China , and Baha'is in a number of Middle East nations , to name just a few . Anti-Semitism is on the rise globally , most especially in parts of Europe and certain Latin American nations like Venezuela . He left vacant , for years , the position of U.S. Ambassador-at-Large for International Religious Liberty . He stood by silently as the United States Commission on International Religious Freedom  USCIRF  was nearly defunded . He then appointed Sen. John Kerry -- who nearly let it perish in the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , even after 19 of his colleagues sent him a letter pleading with him to give the bill "  prompt consideration " and to reauthorize USCIRF "  without further delay " -- as his secretary of state . Under Obama 's watch , the State Department has stepped in to defend believers on death row for their faith -- heroes like Pastor Saeed Abedini in Iran -- only when the noise from nongovernmental organizations grew deafening . With regards to diplomacy with the Vatican , the president has already shown his goodwill by relocating the Vatican Embassy , to the outrage of some American Catholic groups , who considered it a major downgrade . And then there is his position on abortion . While Pope Francis has called on Catholics to approach the church 's unchanging teachings on issues like abortion with greater mercy and sensitivity towards pregnant women in crisis , he has strongly affirmed the position that every human life is worthy of legal protection , from conception until natural death . The president has the most extreme views on abortion of any American president , even opposing life-saving support for babies born of botched abortions when he was a state senator in Illinois . The most recent keynote speaker of Planned Parenthood 's annual gala ca n't have much common ground with the head of the world 's largest institution that opposes abortion . Pope Francis is not just the head of the largest religious institution in the world ; he is also the head of a sovereign nation-state . It is fitting and appropriate that he would sit down with the leader of the free world . It 's equally fitting and appropriate , however , that President Obama show a little sobriety and public honesty about his relationship with a church that is collectively suing him at home . Whether we can expect this from the recipient of the 2013 Politifact "  Lie of the Year " award , however , is a different story . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ashley E. McGuire .	Ashley McGuire argues that Obama 's meeting with the Pope ignores his troubled policies With lawsuits and a flawed abortion policy , Obama disrespects Catholics , she says President Obama , she says , must show sobriety and honesty in dealing with the church
CNN  -- As millions of Americans think about how they can do better in 2014 through their New Year resolutions , President Obama might want to make a few of his own . Although it is true that the president has faced a horrendous political environment -- filled with tea party Republicans intent on obstructing every proposal and media that are often too willing to report dubious facts -- Obama has not made his situation much easier for himself . In a number of areas , he might think about strategies that can improve his political standing and put him in a better position for the political fights over immigration , the budget , climate change and foreign policy that loom ahead . Treat your Democrats well : President Obama has not taken enough care of Democrats on Capitol Hill . Throughout the year , Democrats have continued to express frustration with the White House for putting them into extraordinarily difficult political situations and sometimes leaving them to stand alone as they face the fallout . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid was reportedly angry with the president for failing to give his caucus any credit for helping him to get out of the jam with the health care website . "  I did communicate to him , " Reid told The Hill , "  that there have been things done by the White House that improved the health care bill , and those fixes were suggested originally by my senators , and they got no credit for it . I thought that was improper . " Last week , House Democrat John Lewis criticized the administration for not listening to the advice of civil rights leaders regarding appointments for the federal bench in Georgia . This story fits a familiar pattern that has created ongoing tensions with Capitol Hill since 2009 . Obama needs to remember that his fate is closely tied to the Democrats on Capitol Hill -- Reid and House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi should be his best friends -- and he needs them to help him in his struggles with Republicans . Sweat the small stuff : There is considerable evidence that President Obama seems uninterested with detail . His major concern is in the big picture , trying to find ways to achieve his long-term policy goals , whether that be a diplomatic solution to the nuclear buildup in the Middle East or achieving health care reform , without as much interest in the nitty-gritty of how these policies will happen . It is true that any president needs to keep his eye on the big picture in order to avoid the fate of President Jimmy Carter , who became so mired in the minutiae of policy that he lost his ability to lead the nation through crisis . But as former Secretary of State Colin Powell says in his famous presentation about leadership , "  Check the small things . The devil is in the details ; sometimes the solution to a sticky problem , too . Do n't sweat the small stuff , but do n't ignore it , either . " The dangers of President Obama 's approach became apparent with the rollout of health care reform , in which the president and his team were not on top of the details of implementation in the weeks leading up to the launch of the website , and they allowed technical mistakes to turn into a huge political fiasco . The continual delays over implementing other parts of the program have also caused huge embarrassment and offered fodder to his political enemies . The President ca n't afford for this to happen again . He will need to hold more of his staff accountable for these kinds of mistakes , bringing in some fresh voices , as he has done with John Podesta , and getting rid of those who have made huge mistakes . He needs to realize that making sure that the small stuff is in order is essential to big achievements . Control the conversation : For a president who is as professorial as Barack Obama , it is difficult to accept the harsh reality of the media world within which Washington operates . It is an environment where spurious information goes viral and political rhetoric appears as fact . The blogosphere makes it difficult for producers and editors to control the flow of information , while the plethora of partisan reporting and commentary makes it nearly impossible for consumers of the news to separate fact from fiction . President Obama 's outlook has been to sit back and allow the truth to find its way to the surface . He has maintained a steadfast determination that , given the facts , Americans will reach the right decision . But in our political world , this just does n't happen . The result has been that his opponents have been remarkably effective at shaping the national dialogue over public policy . President Obama has been forced to constantly play defense , to explain his failures and to dig himself out of holes rather than spending time talking about what he has done and what else he hopes to accomplish . Re-energize the grass roots : When Obama started on his road to the White House , he thrived on the energy and support he received from average Americans who were inspired by his call for a new kind of politics and his determination to have a campaign that was built from the bottom up . The local networks of campaign supporters spread the word about who this candidate was while raising money and motivating voters to line up behind his campaign . The enthusiasm and energy of his grass-roots supporters have grown weak . Many of his supporters have become disillusioned with a president who seemed far too much like other politicians and who abandoned some of his key promises in areas like national security . The revelations about the NSA surveillance program were a huge blow to these constituencies . This is most notable with younger Americans , once enamored with the president but now disillusioned by broken promises on issues such as civil liberties and a still-difficult economy . With the 2014 midterms as a focal point , the President should get back to communicating with grass-roots Americans and shaping the agenda of his final years in office based on some of the issues they feel have been sidetracked in the past few years . Focus , focus , focus : Over the past year , the President has frequently moved from one subject to another without a clear rhyme or reason . One of the few areas where a president has control is over his or her own agenda . During the President 's first few years , he had a laser-like focus on health care , financial reform and the economy . On foreign policy , he spoke to the world about improving America 's relations overseas . That kind of focus , however , has largely disappeared . President Obama has delivered some important speeches , such as his address on inequality , but quickly moved on to other issues rather than follow through . Throughout the battles over the budget , the president turned from one crisis to the next without stopping and really putting forth a clear vision and set of priorities in response to the austerity zeal of the GOP . He has allowed his opponents to define the agenda , as opposed to the White House . Even when Secretary of State John Kerry moved aggressively to put into place diplomatic solutions to nuclear threats , President Obama seemed to follow his lead rather than outline this as a priority in foreign affairs . Obama would do well to stick to a few subjects , to articulate the direction he hopes to take the nation and move forward methodically to make sure they come to fruition . Resolutions are easy to make but difficult to follow . In the world of politics , the stakes of sticking with those promises are big . Given the tremendous difficulties that this president has faced and the dire approval ratings he is seeing , it is time for President Obama to double down and make certain that he does everything possible to put himself in a position to strengthen his presidency , his party and his nation in his final years in the White House . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Julian Zelizer : President Obama should adopt resolutions for 2014 He says the White House should work more closely in coordination with Hill Democrats Obama should focus on setting agenda , details of policy and quality of staff work , he says Zelizer : Obama should aim to recapture enthusiasm he stirred in grass roots
CNN  When people think of a city that stands in for a dystopian society , they might think of Atlanta because it 's the home of the TV mega-hit "  The Walking Dead . " What they may not think of is Katniss Everdeen . The sequels in the popular "  Hunger Games " movie saga were all filmed in Atlanta , including the No. 1 movie of 2014 , "  Mockingjay Part 1 . " So was the film adaption of "  Divergent " and its upcoming sequel "  Insurgent . " Fans have flocked to the city to find some of their favorite spots , though many of them may not be obvious : Enter Atlanta Movie Tours , which has seen success with two tours based on "  The Walking Dead . " "  Film and television tourism in Georgia has exploded in the past five years , and we would like to think we have had a hand in that , " founder Carrie Sagel Burns said . "  Bringing the tourism aspect to what the state and production companies are doing makes it more ` real ' to people . " Georgia -- along with New Mexico and Louisiana -- has seen a moviemaking boom in recent years , so those looking to see where their favorite scenes were shot no longer need to fly to Hollywood or New York . In Atlanta , the gorgeous Swan House -- part of the Atlanta History Center -- stood in for President Snow 's mansion in the "  Hunger Games " franchise , and the Goat Farm Arts Center was a location for many important scenes as Katniss ' home of District 12 . Those are among the sites one sees on the $ 65 Girl on Fire Tour , along with a heaping helping of information on the making of the movies and where the cast hung out when not filming . Atlanta Movie Tours boasts of many connections in the Georgia film industry , but when it came to pinpointing the top-secret "  Hunger Games " locations , "  a lot of what we did involved good old-fashioned detective work , " Burns said . CNN 's Janelle Davis contributed to this report .	"  Hunger Games " fans can find many of the locations for the saga in Atlanta The city has hosted a dystopian society in more than one production Movie tourism is growing in Atlanta
An emphatic Eric Garner talks to police , gesturing with his arms to make his point . Eventually , police move in as Garner raises both hands in the air and tells them not to touch him . One officer reaches for Garner 's hand ; seconds later , another officer wraps his arm around Garner 's neck . Cellphone video shot by a friend of Garner 's shows the officer maintaining that hold as Garner is taken to the ground , crying out , "  I ca n't breathe , I ca n't breathe , I ca n't breathe , " over and over again . The words stop . And Garner never gets up . A grand jury has decided that there 's no probable cause to indict Officer Daniel Pantaleo , the man who put Garner in that chokehold on a Staten Island sidewalk , in the 43-year-old 's death . But that judgment certainly does n't end the debate about what Pantaleo did -- not just whether it was a criminal act , but whether it was necessary and in violation of the New York Police Department 's own policies . In an interview in August with CNN 's Chris Cuomo , New York Police Commissioner William Bratton said that no local laws criminalize chokeholds , though they are prohibited by his department . In fact , the NYPD could discipline Pantaleo or his fellow officers if an ongoing internal review finds their actions did not align with police department procedures . Yet Bratton has also cautioned against a rush to judgment . "  I 've been around a long time in this business , " he noted , adding that "  what it appears to be sometimes may not be what it is . " Medical examiner noted chokehold , other factors Watching the video , a few things stand out . For one , Garner is clearly the biggest man in the shot . He 's also outnumbered by police officers . The New York City medical examiner 's office also offered pertinent facts when it classified Garner 's death as a homicide this summer . He died because of a "  compression of neck  chokehold  , compression of chest and prone positioning during physical restraint by police , " the office found , while also calling Garner 's "  acute and chronic bronchial asthma , obesity and hypertensive cardiovascular disease " contributing factors . In other words , there was a chokehold , and it played a part in Garner 's death . Which raises the question : Should the chokehold have been used at all ? The answer depends -- as it has with many aspects of this case , which has spurred large protests in New York and beyond -- on who you ask . For Garner 's family , and the thousands who protested Wednesday night in support of them , there 's no doubt : The police officer 's actions , including the chokehold , were uncalled for . "  I do n't know what video they were looking at , " said Garner 's mother , Gwen Carr . "  Evidently , it was n't the same one that the rest of the world was looking at . " A family lawyer , Jonathan Moore , said that Garner should have gotten at most a summons to appear in court for allegedly selling untaxed cigarettes , and he should n't have been treated as he was . "  The officer  clearly was violating his own departmental regulations , " Moore said of Pantaleo 's chokehold . "  He clearly was using excessive force . " Forensic expert : Chokeholds can be deadly Lawrence Kobilinsky , a forensic scientist and professor at New York 's John Jay College of Criminal Justice , says that the chokehold he saw in the Garner video had the potential to be deadly . It seemingly cuts off the airway , which can lead to a condition called asphyxia -- which includes unconsciousness and suffocation , by cutting off one 's oxygen supply -- "  and ultimately cardiac arrest and death . " "  It 's a very dangerous chokehold , because you can damage the very delicate structures in the throat , " Kobilinsky told CNN . " ... There are a lot of things police can do to prevent something like this . " Before he became an assistant director with the FBI and , now , a CNN law enforcement analyst , Tom Fuentes was a police officer . He was never taught the hold that Pantaleo used , but he was instructed how to "  to put pressure on both sides of the carotid artery to cut off blood flow to the brain or reduce it until the person fainted . " "  It supposedly did no permanent damage , " Fuentes said . But many police departments , like in New York , decided to prohibit such chokeholds "  because it was so easy to misapply it and put pressure directly on the throat , directly choking the person cutting off air as opposed to making them faint . " As Fuentes explained , "  It was just too easy to have an accident . " ` At a certain point , they 've got to touch him ' Yet this does n't mean the former FBI assistant director or other law enforcement experts believe Pantaleo should be charged or even disciplined for what he did to Garner . Fuentes says , from the video , it looks to him that the officer "  is trying to bring him down and , in the process of holding him , he does have his forearm across his throat and is choking him . And that is unfortunate . " The CNN analyst also says people should put themselves in the police officers ' shoes . How long can they wait to arrest someone , whether they are accused of murder or something relatively minor ? And , if a person does not comply , what can they do -- let him go or step in , perhaps using force ? "  At a certain point , they 've got to touch him , " Fuentes said . "  That 's just the way it goes . And when you resist arrest -- physically resist -- bad things can happen . " That point was echoed by Tom Verni , a former NYPD detective and police academy instructor . He told CNN that , after Garner was told he 'd be arrested but would not comply , "  that debate is not going to go on for hours on end . " "  I do n't know of any other officer that would have really done all that much different , " Verni said . "  If you Monday-morning-quarterback this situation , anyone could come up with 1,000 different ways that they think they could have handled it at that time and place ...  But  people make certain choices when they 're interacting with police . " Legal analyst : System ` designed for officer safety ' This story is not over . The U.S. Justice Department , under the direction of Attorney General Eric Holder , has launched a civil rights investigation into Garner 's death .  Garner was black and Pantaleo is white , the same racial breakdown as in the fatal shooting of Michael Brown by then-Ferguson police Officer Darren Wilson -- a case that also triggered widespread protests and did not result in a grand jury indictment . President Barack Obama has weighed in as well , saying , "  We are not going to let up until we see a strengthening of the trust and a strengthening of accountability that exists between our communities and law enforcement . " And , as Bratton told CNN , "  if there 's a finding of guilt " in the NYPD 's review of Garner 's death , "  a decision will be made as to an appropriate penalty or discipline . " Yet Mark O'Mara , a veteran defense attorney and CNN legal analyst , noted that the grand jury decided not to indict Pantaleo because jurors could n't agree that there was enough evidence to say he "  acted in a criminally negligent way . " Changing the law -- perhaps to bar chokeholds or put tighter restrictions on police when they try to arrest someone -- could affect future cases like that of Garner . But as it stands now , defense attorney and CNN analyst Danny Cevallos said , the current system is not set up that way . "  Once  police  make an arrest , everything is designed for officer safety , " Cevallos said . "  And if a person does n't immediately comply , then they can move right up the force continuum as needed . That 's the way they 're trained . "	Eric Garner died after being put in chokehold by a New York police officer A grand jury decided not to indict the officer in Garner 's death Chokeholds are prohibited by N.Y. police , but not under N.Y. law Experts say police officers sometimes have to use force to arrest suspects
CNN  -- Europe and the Muslim world seem to be on a collision course that could have major political , economic and ideological ramifications . January 23 , 2012 , may well come to be remembered as the crucial date when Samuel Huntington 's "  clash of civilizations " thesis , which many of us believed discredited beyond repair , was reaffirmed . Political scientist Huntington wrote in 1993 that cultural divisions preclude a defining global civilization , and the West and the Muslim world would never share the same values . Last month , Europe took two different actions that nonetheless sent the same message to the Muslim world : You are not our equals and are doomed to be judged by standards different from those by which we judge ourselves . Future historians might call January 23 the day when Europe irreversibly alienated not one , but both , pivotal powers -- Iran and Turkey -- that in all probability will dominate the political landscape of the Middle East for several decades . One action was the European Union 's decision to ban oil purchases from Iran , including imports of crude oil , petroleum products and petrochemical products , to force Tehran to negotiate away its uranium enrichment program , which Tehran insists is for civilian use only . This is the latest in a series of increasingly stringent sanctions that Western powers have unilaterally imposed on Iran . These sanctions go well beyond those required by the U.N. Security Council . The EU sanctions attempt to hit the Iranian economy where it hurts most : Europe imports about a fifth of Iranian oil . When combined with a ban on transactions with Iran 's Central Bank , this action is aimed at paralyzing the Iranian economy . At the same time , the French Senate passed a law making it a crime to deny genocides that are officially recognized by France . The two genocides in this category are the Holocaust and the killing of 1.5 million Armenians in Anatolia during the last years of the Ottoman Empire . Because the denial of the Holocaust is already a crime under French law , the obvious objective of the bill is to criminalize the denial of the 1915 Armenian genocide . The issue of Armenian genocide touches a very raw nerve in Turkey , which denies the scale of the killings -- Turkey maintains that roughly 500,000 Armenians were killed -- as well as the claim that it was planned . According to Turkey , the killings happened in the midst of the disarray accompanying World War I and the disintegration of the Ottoman Empire . Turkey says a nearly equivalent number of Turks and Kurds were also killed in inter-ethnic strife with the Armenians , who were allied with the Ottoman 's Russian adversaries . It 's not the accuracy of the opposing claims that is at issue ; it 's Muslim perceptions . Iran may well be trying to develop nuclear weapons , and what amounts to an Armenian genocide may well have taken place . What roils Muslim opinion worldwide is the perception that the West uses blatant double standards to pass judgment . Harsh sanctions on Iran are seen as an attempt to prevent a Muslim country from developing deterrents to attacks from Israel and the United States , both nuclear powers hostile to the Islamic Republic . Most Western discussions of the Iranian bomb do not make even passing reference to the well-documented Israeli nuclear capability , even as Israel threatens to militarily strike Iran 's nuclear facilities . This omission is seen as hypocritical , dishonest and self-serving . For many in the Muslim world , double standards explain why France singled out Turkey , and did n't criminalize the denial of other nations ' crimes against humanity . Although denying Germany 's crimes is a crime , the Holocaust is universally accepted as genocide , while Turkey 's is not . Many ask why disputing European massacres of non-European people is not criminalized -- such as the French actions in Algeria , as Turkish Prime Minister Erdogan has said . These would include the near-total extermination of native populations by European settlers in Australia , New Zealand , and North America . They would include the killings of millions of people by the Belgian administration of the Congo Free State , whose population was halved during the early decades of Belgian rule . Most pertinent of all , Muslims ask , why not criminalize the denial of the genocidal Spanish Inquisition that led to the extermination , expulsion or conversion of the entire Muslim and Jewish populations of the Iberian peninsula ? Many Muslims perceive these moves as the West targeting Iran and Turkey in an attempt to prevent important Muslim countries from achieving the military capacity -- Iran -- and the political stature -- Turkey -- they deserve . Many see behind these moves the not-so-hidden hand of an ideology based on Huntington 's theory of the clash of civilizations . Although these perceptions may not fully conform with reality , it is well established that perceptions count much more than reality in the conduct of international relations . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter Join the conversation on Facebook The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mohammed Ayoob .	Mohammed Ayoob : Europe took actions that showed Muslims not viewed as equal He says one was ban on buying Iran 's oil as part of sanctions for nuclear enrichment Other was French senate outlawing denial of Armenian genocide ; Turkey denies it Ayoob : Many Muslims see these as alienating : double standards applied in judgment of them
CNN  -- Gamers who want to kill Kenny may soon have their chance . The creators of the "  South Park " TV show are working on a new video game that is planned to hit stores in the latter half of next year , game publisher THQ announced on Thursday . It will be available for Sony 's PlayStation 3 and for Microsoft 's Xbox 360 and Windows computers . "  South Park : The Game " is a role-playing adventure in which players explore the fictional Colorado town and befriend the show 's protagonists , Stan , Kyle , Kenny and Cartman . The game is being developed by Obsidian Entertainment , which has designed critically-acclaimed role-playing games in the "  Star Wars : Knights of the Old Republic " and "  Neverwinter Nights " franchises . With the new game , Matt Stone and Trey Parker , the power duo behind "  South Park " and the Broadway hit "  The Book of Mormon , " should want to erase their last foray into console gaming from people 's memories . Acclaim Entertainment 's "  South Park , " a first-person-shooter game released in 1998 for the Nintendo 64 , computer and original PlayStation , was panned by critics . Stone and Parker , along with their regular voice actors , provided the 13-year-old game 's soundtrack , but it was criticized for being repetitive . With today 's more advanced hardware and direct guidance from the creators , they have a shot at producing a better product . A spokeswoman for Comedy Central and South Park Digital Studios did n't immediately return a request for comment . "  Matt and Trey are arguably two of the most important comedic talents of their generation , " THQ executive Danny Bilson said in a statement . "  Bringing their vision of South Park to the interactive space is a dream-come-true . " Game Informer magazine , which is published by GameStop , will have more details about "  South Park : The Game , " including an interview with Stone and Parker , in the issue that hits newsstands this month . The "  South Park " characters , dressed in garb from the show 's "  Lord of the Rings " parody along with villains from other episodes including Satan , Manbearpig and Crab People , grace the magazine 's cover .	"  South Park : The Game " is set to hit stores in the second half of 2012 The game will be available for PlayStation 3 , Xbox 360 and PCs It is a role-playing game , not a first-person shooter like the 1998 dud
CNNGo  -- It 's easy to find a great view in nature , but in a city ? Even if you get the right hotel , there 's always a risk you 'll end up facing the highway rather than the ocean , the building next door or the "  garden view . " Get the best view for your buck by requesting these specific rooms . 1 . The Savoy , London The historic Thames view from London 's most iconic hotel was painted by Monet , who stayed there several times . Room to request : Monet Suite ; visitors and others on the rear of the sixth floor can enjoy the same skyline , with Big Ben on the horizon . Rates : Rooms from US$ 650 , Monet Suite US$ 4,950 . Five extraordinary airport lounges 2 . Park Hotel , Tokyo The Park Hotel occupies 10 floors of the Shiodome Media Tower in downtown Tokyo , and the city lights seen from here are staggering . Room to request : The best views are from the corner suites looking towards the Tokyo Tower on the 25th to 34th floors of this soaring triangular skyscraper . Rates : Rooms from US$ 340 . Read more on CNNGo : Forget luxury , economy hotels to take over Asia 3 . Jumeirah Hotel , Frankfurt The skyline of the Jumeirah really showcases Germany 's financial capital , which is all about glamor and glittering modernity . Room to request : Ask for room 2111 , or one of the other 16 Skyline Deluxe rooms that enjoy this view . Rates : Rooms from US$ 370 . Business travelers opt for homier digs 4 . The Oberoi Amarvilas , Agra What every first-time visitor to India wants is a view of the Taj Mahal , and Oberoi offers it in this colonial-style hotel where every room enjoys a view of the world 's greatest monument to romance , just 600 meters down the road . Room to request : Any Rates : Rooms from US$ 775 . 5 . Mamilla Hotel , Jerusalem The city 's newest and best-located luxury hotel faces the historic city on one side , to which it 's linked by a stylish pedestrian mall lined with designer boutiques and cafes leading to the Jaffa Gate . Room to request : Be sure to ask for a room facing the Old City walls . Rates : Rooms from US$ 430 . 6 . Hotel Americano , New York This very cool Mexican-designed hotel in the historic Chelsea district on New York 's west side enjoys Latin-style high design and spectacular views of the Manhattan skyline . Room to request : One on the highest floor possible Rates : Rooms from US$ 395 . 7 . The Peace Hotel , Shanghai It 's like going back to the future at this hotel on the historic Bund which now overlooks Shanghai 's 21st-century history at Pudong , on the far side of the Huangpu river . This was just swampland when the hotel was built in the Jazz Age to become the social hub of China 's "  Paris of the East " throughout the 1920s . Room to request : Best view is from the Nine Nations Suite . Rates : Rooms from US$ 211 . Read More at CNNGo : China 's 8 best heritage hotels 8 . Hotel de Crillon , Paris From its fabulous position on the Place de la Concorde , this magnificent 18th-century palace hotel overlooks the Seine , the glass-roofed Grand Palais and the Eiffel Tower from all rooms facing the front . Room to request : It 's a low-rise building by modern standards , so ask for a room facing the front on the highest floor available . Rates : Rooms from US$ 1,015 . 9 . Hotel de Paris , Monaco Overlooking Monte Carlo harbor on one side and the famous casino on the other , Monaco 's Hotel de Paris is the address in the tax haven principality perched between the Cote d'Azur and the Italian Riviera . Room to request : Be sure to request a sea-view room . Rates : Rooms from â ‚ ¬ 465  US$ 639  . Read more on CNNGo : 10 of the world 's best hotels for pets 10 . Grand Hotel Parker 's , Naples This stately old 19th-century hotel high on a hill has tremendous views of both city and sea from its higher floors . Room to request : Ask for a front-facing room . Rates : Rooms from US$ 230 . 11 . Hassler Roma , Rome Of Rome 's dozen or so five-star hotels , none can command the superlative viewpoint of the Hassler , sitting at the top of the Spanish Steps . It looks straight down on the Piazza di Spagna and designer thoroughfare of the Via Condotti towards the river Tiber and Vatican on the far side . Room to request : Facing the Vatican . Rates : Rooms from US$ 678 . 12 . The Fairmont , San Francisco San Francisco 's original view hotel , the Fairmont has fabulous panoramic vistas from its position on Nob Hill . Room to request : For many , the most thrilling outlook is from the rooms facing Fisherman 's Wharf and Alcatraz . But you could request the greener and equally iconic view toward Telegraph Hill and the Coit Tower , which all guests enjoy as they ascend the glass elevator . Rates : Rooms from US$ 499 , Penthouse suite from US$ 15,000 . Read more on CNNGo : World 's 15 most expensive hotels 13 . Gran Hotel Domine , Bilbao The city 's claim to fame is the shimmering aluminum folds of Frank Gehry 's Guggenheim Museum , and the Domine , a model of striking cutting-edge design , faces it fair and square . Room to request : Be sure to demand a museum-view room , which will also look out over the city 's fabulous new riverscape and bridge . Rates : Rooms from US$ 193 . 14 . Grand Hyatt , Hong Kong Once you had to stay on the less interesting Kowloon side of the water to get a view of Victoria Harbour . But thanks to cleverly angled windows , the Grand Hyatt has managed to achieve superb vistas from Hong Kong Island itself . Room to request : Ask for a Grand Harbour room for the best view . Rates : Rooms from US$ 443 . Read more on CNNGo : 15 unique , bizarre , amazing hotels 15 . Shangri-La , Sydney There 's one killer view in Sydney ; it takes in Circular Quay , with the Opera House on one side and the Harbour Bridge on the other . Room to request : The Shangri-La has it all ; the deep-pocketed should ask for the Princess Suite , but any room facing the harbor will do . Rates : Rooms from US$ 267 . © 2011 Cable News Network Turner Broadcasting System , Inc. . All Rights Reserved	The historic Thames view from London 's Savoy was painted by Monet All rooms at the Oberoi Amarvilas enjoy views of the Taj Mahal The Fairmont San Francisco offers fabulous vistas from its perch on Nob Hill
CNN  -- Manchester City reaffirmed their grip on top spot in the English Premier League on Saturday with a 3-0 win over Fulham at the Etihad Stadium . Sergio Aguero put the Sky Blues ahead from the penalty spot in the 10th minute after Adam Johnson was brought down by Chris Baird . The Northern Ireland defender compounded his mistake with an own goal 20 minutes later with Edin Dzeko adding a third midway through the second half to ensure three points and maintain City 's 100 % home record . Manchester United can join their city rivals on 57 points if they beat Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Sunday . Arsenal banged in seven goals against Blackburn Rovers at the Emirates Stadium to banish the disappointment of drawing away to Bolton Wanderers on Wednesday . Robin van Persie 's scored a hat-trick while Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain scored a brace as the Gunners ran riot . There were also goals for Mikel Arteta and Thierry Henry to complete a 7-1 victory to move Arsene Wenger 's men up to fifth place ahead of Newcastle who entertain Aston Villa on Sunday and Liverpool who take on Tottenham Hotspur at Anfield on Monday . Defeat keeps Blackburn in 19th place with 18 points . Norwich City move up to ninth place after a 2-0 win against Bolton at Carrow Road . Second-half goals from Andrew Surman in the 70th minute and Anthony Pilkington five minutes from the end sees Bolton slip back into the relegation zone . Wolverhampton Wanderers , meanwhile , move up to 17th place thanks to a 2-1 win against Queens Park Rangers at Loftus Road . Second-half strikes from Matt Jarvis  46th minute  and Kevin Doyle in the 71st minute cancelled out debutant Bobby Zamora 's first-half goal . The defeat , which also saw other new signing Djibril Cisse sent off for violent conduct in the 33rd minute , keeps Mark Hughes ' men in 16th place . Sunderland continued their excellent run under new manager Martin O'Neill as they beat 10-man Stoke City at the Britannia Stadium . Robert Huth 's tackle on midfielder David Meyler earned the German defender a straight red shortly before half-time . Sunderland 's numerical advantage soon told as James McLean scored in the 60th minute to earn Sunderland a fifth win in six league matches . Swansea City claimed a rare away victory beating West Bromwich Albion 2-1 at the Hawthorns . Marc-Antoine Fortune gave the home side the lead nine minutes into the second half but Swansea wasted no time getting back on level terms with Icelandic midfielder Gylfi Sigurdsson netting a minute later . Four minutes later , English striker Danny Graham put the Welsh side in front . The win -- only the second on Swansea 's travels this season -- moves Brendan Rodgers ' side up to 10th with 30 points while West Brom remain in 15th with 26 points . Everton could n't match their midweek heroics against top-of the-table Manchester City in their match with bottom-side Wigan . A Phil Neville own goal in the 76th minute put Wigan on course for their first league win since November , but Nigerian striker Victor Anichebe grabbed a point for Everton , heading home seven minutes from the end to salvage a point . Wigan remain bottom with 16 points , while Everton are 11th with 30 points .	Manchester City enjoy comfortable win over Fulham after shock defeat to Everton midweek Robin van Persie scores hat-trick as Arsenal hit seven against Blackburn Rovers Swansea claim rare away victory at West Brom ; Wolves earn valuable 2-1 at QPR Chelsea play Manchester United at Stamford Bridge on Sunday
CNN  -- The leader of an apocalyptic New Mexico church who claims to be the Messiah was arrested Tuesday on sex charges , state police said . Wayne Bent , who also goes by the name Michael Travesser , was arrested at the compound that is home to his Lord Our Righteousness Church , called Strong City by members . He was being interviewed , state police spokesman Peter Olson said . The arrests come after three children were removed from the compound late last month . A post on the group 's Web site said Bent was arrested Tuesday morning . "  I was told by the agent in charge of the case that the arrest warrant specified charges of three counts of sexual contact with a minor , and three counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor , " said the post , written by an unnamed follower . "  The bail was set at half a million dollars . " The writer said sect members were questioned at a state police office in Clayton , New Mexico , and promised to update the site with "  a more complete response to these false charges . " The Lord Our Righteousness Church was founded in 1987 by former Seventh-day Adventists , according to the group 's Web site . "  Since that time , many have joined who do not have their roots in Adventism . " Bent said on the Web site that God revealed to him in 2000 that he is the Messiah . A post from Monday written by Bent said , "  The current upheaval over me and the present contest is well under way . It was the same for Jesus . Jesus had not committed any crimes , so the authorities had to invent some crimes to crucify him over . "  It is the same for me also , " Bent wrote . "  I have committed no crimes , but many crimes are being imagined and concocted in the minds of men to try and kill me again . Men are so stupid , though , for they do not know that they can not kill Spirit . " Last month , authorities removed two girls and a boy from the compound . The reasons for their removal are not publicly known , but the removals gained attention because they came after more than 400 children were removed from the Texas ranch of an offshoot Mormon sect that practices polygamy . Those children remain in state custody . Bent has acknowledged having sex with his followers , but authorities will not divulge who the alleged victims are . A former member of the Lord Our Righteousness Church , however , told CNN affiliate KOAT that he left because Bent wanted to sleep with his daughters . John Sayer said he split with the church after 16 years when Bent told him he was supposed to sleep with seven virgins -- and that two of them were to be Sayer 's daughters , then 14 and 15 years old . He said he told Bent that it was n't right and that he , his wife and his daughters left the compound . Sayer told KOAT that his youngest daughter later returned and was one of the three removed by authorities . In posts on the group 's Web site , Bent wrote that the three children were "  abducted . " "  The state has made its move , and now God will make his , " he said . The Lord Our Righteousness Church is to be featured Wednesday on a National Geographic Channel program , "  Inside the Cult . " In a video clip of the show posted on the channel 's Web site , Bent and some young female followers admit that the young women lay with him while naked but deny sex took place . "  It was God , " Bent said in the video clip . "  God came down on them and told them to do it . " A posting from a teenage girl on the compound Web site denied that she was molested , saying that her "  lying with " Bent was not sexual . She was one of the three later removed . Bent had predicted that the world would end October 31 , 2007 . A post to the site in March said , however : "  Now we are in the time of ` the eighth day ' -- Shemini Atzaret -- the day after the Feast of Tabernacles , when God said , ` Stay with me one more day . ' Now we are in the time that Shemini Atzaret foreshadowed , and Father has been saying to us , ` Stay with me one more year . ' ... It is the time of the ` last trump . ' In the scriptures , it is ` that day ' when the final judgment of man is carried out . " Also on the site is a message to the media , saying no interviews will be given . "  I know very well who the media represents , " Bent wrote . "  I have no illusions regarding a free press . The press is only an arm of the beast . " He continued , "  I do not speak to , nor do I negotiate with terrorists , who are holding my children hostage . I will speak with the media when they let my children go , permanently . "	Wayne Bent picked up at the former ranch where he and his followers live On Web site , Bent compares himself to Jesus Christ He has acknowledged having sex with followers Officials say Bent allegedly had inappropriate contact with children at the compound
CNN  -- The oldest daughter of the Austrian family portrayed in the 1965 film "  The Sound of Music " died of heart failure Tuesday , a friend confirmed . Agathe von Trapp , 97 , was in a Gilchrist Hospice in Towson , Maryland , when she died , her friend Mary Louise Kane told CNN Thursday . She fell ill November 9 and was moved on December 2 to the Gilchrist Hospice , said Kane , who ran a kindergarten with von Trapp in Glyndon , Maryland . The 16-year-old Liesl von Trapp character in the movie was based on Agathe , but the writer and director took great artistic license with the portrayal , Kane said . "  Von Trapp  was nothing at all like the Liesl character , " Kane said . "  She was a very private person and a bit shy . She did n't like being in the limelight at all . " Contrary to the movie , she was not the oldest of the von Trapp family . An older brother was made younger in the script . "  Liesl was a made-up character , " Kane said . "  I never thought of her being Agathe because they were too unlike . " Four siblings survive , including Maria , 96 , who lives in Vermont , Kane said . Three half-siblings still alive are Rosemarie , Eleonore , and Johannes , she said . The von Trapp family fled Austria in 1938 to escape Nazi persecution . They toured the United States as the Trapp Family Singers after World War II . Agathe von Trapp wrote her life story in a book published in 2003 and republished last September , Kane said . "  She was hoping to do some book signings , " Kane said . "  She did enjoy the book signings because people would come and tell her how much they enjoyed her concerts . " Kane is hoping to hold a memorial service for her friend on March 12 , which would have been Agathe von Trapp 's 98th birthday .	Agathe von Trapp was oldest daughter of family portrayed in the "  The Sound of Music " ` She was nothing at all like the Liesl character , ' her friend says Four Von Trapp children survive
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- In comments that were broadcast over the weekend , Republican Party Chairman Michael Steele called Rush Limbaugh 's rhetoric "  incendiary " and "  ugly " and insisted that he is in charge of the GOP . "  Rush will say what Rush has to say ; we 'll do what we have to do , " RNC Chairman Michael Steele has said . On Monday , however , after a blistering response from the conservative talk-radio kingpin , Steele told the online journal Politico that he "  was maybe a little bit inarticulate . " "  There was no attempt on my part to diminish his voice or his leadership , " Steele said . He added , "  There are those out there who want to look at what he 's saying as incendiary and divisive and ugly . That 's what I was trying to say . It did n't come out that way . " Steele 's original remarks came from an interview on CNN 's "  D.L. Hughley Breaks the News . " The interview was recorded Thursday . It aired Saturday . The comments came as Democrats , including White House chief of staff Rahm Emanuel , have tried to paint Limbaugh -- who has said he wants to see the Obama administration "  fail " -- as the effective head of the opposition party . Steele rejected the idea , insisting "  I 'm the de facto leader of the Republican Party . " "  Rush Limbaugh is an entertainer . Rush Limbaugh 's whole thing is entertainment , " Steele told CNN . "  Yes , it is incendiary . Yes , it is ugly . " iReport.com : Limbaugh and Steele show divisions in GOP Limbaugh fired back on his radio show Monday , saying the Republican chairman appears to be supporting President Barack Obama and House Speaker Nancy Pelosi . He said Steele appears "  obsessed with seeing to it President Obama succeeds . " "  I frankly am stunned that the chairman of the Republican National Committee endorses such an agenda , " Limbaugh said . "  I have to conclude that he does , because he attacks me for wanting it to fail . " But Monday night Steele told Politico he did n't intend to go after Limbaugh . "  My intent was not to go after Rush -- I have enormous respect for Rush Limbaugh , " Steele told Politico in a telephone interview . "  I was maybe a little bit inarticulate ... There was no attempt on my part to diminish his voice or his leadership . " Watch CNN 's Roland Martin and panel discuss the situation " Steele told Politico he tried to call Limbaugh after the show on Monday and said he hoped he would be able to talk to the radio host soon . "  I went back at that tape and I realized words that I said were n't what I was thinking , " Steele told Politico . "  I 'm not going to engage these guys and sit back and provide them the popcorn for a fight between me and Rush Limbaugh . " And in a written statement issued to CNN , Steele said , "  To the extent that my remarks helped the Democrats in Washington to take the focus , even for one minute , off of their irresponsible expansion of government , I truly apologize . " "  I respect Rush Limbaugh , he is a national conservative leader , and in no way do I want to diminish his voice , " Steele said . "  I 'm sure that he and I will agree most of the time , but will probably disagree some as well , which is fine . " Steele 's Democratic counterpart , Virginia Gov. Tim Kaine , said he was "  briefly encouraged " by Steele 's "  courageous " remarks . "  However , Chairman Steele 's reversal this evening and his apology to Limbaugh proves the unfortunate point that Limbaugh is the leading force behind the Republican Party , its politics and its obstruction of President Obama 's agenda in Washington , " Kaine said in a written statement . Watch Steele , Hughley talk politics " Limbaugh brought a cheering crowd to its feet several times as he called on fellow conservatives to take back the country . He used his self-described "  first national address , " which ran more than an hour longer than his allotted 20 minutes , to accuse President Obama of inspiring fear in Americans in order to push a liberal agenda of "  big government . " Limbaugh also addressed comments he made earlier this year in which he said he hoped Obama failed . "  What is so strange about being honest and saying I want Barack Obama to fail if his mission is to restructure and re-form this country so that capitalism and individual liberty are not its foundation ? " he said . But a top Republican in Congress disagreed . "  I do n't think anyone wants anything to fail right now , " House Republican Whip Eric Cantor said on ABC 's "  This Week . " "  We have such challenges . What we need to do is we need to put forth solutions to the problems that real families are facing today . " RNC spokesman Alex Conant on Monday did not directly address Steele 's comments about Limbaugh but pointed out the back-and-forth between the White House and the conservative radio host . "  Rahm Emanuel and the Democrats know they lose an argument with the Republican Party on substance , so they are building straw men to attack and distract , " he said . "  The feud between radio host Rush and Rahm makes great political theater , but it is a sideshow to the important work going on in Washington . "  RNC Chairman Michael Steele and elected Republicans are focused on fighting for reform and winning elections . The Democrats ' problem is that the American people are growing skeptical of the massive government spending being pushed by congressional leaders like -LSB- House Speaker -RSB- Nancy Pelosi , " Conant said .	NEW : Kaine says Steele 's apology shows Limbaugh is leading GOP force Steele earlier said he , not Limbaugh , is "  the de facto leader of the Republican Party " Limbaugh 's focus is entertainment , he said . "  Yes , it is incendiary . Yes , it is ugly " Limbaugh backs earlier comments in which he said he hoped president failed
CNN  -- A prominent Texas attorney and former university trustee faces charges of laundering more than $ 600 million for a Mexican drug cartel . Marco Antonio Delgado , 46 , was in court Thursday to face his charges , according to federal authorities . The attorney , who once was a trustee at the Carnegie Mellon University , was arrested on November 2 at a restaurant in El Paso . "  Delgado is linked to a drug cartel based in Guadalajara , Mexico , and accused of conspiring to launder more than $ 600 million , " investigators with U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement and Homeland Security Investigations said in a statement . Delgado faces a maximum 20 year prison sentence if convicted , federal authorities said . Delgado had been active in the local community as he was a member of the board at the El Paso Symphony Orchestra and once donated more than $ 20,000 to the organization . Ruth Jacobson , executive director of the symphony , told CNN affiliate KFOX that she was "  surprised and saddened " by the arrest . Delgado also donated to Carnegie Mellon University setting up the "  Marco Delgado Fellowship for the Advancement of Hispanics in Public Policy and Management , " according to the website of the Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania based university . The scholarship that started in 2003 awards about $ 5,000 to "  students who are expected to make a significant contribution to the Latino community , " the website said . His lawyer said Delgado was innocent . "  You know , he is a brother  fellow  attorney and I 'm honored to represent him and we 'll go from there , " lawyer Jose Montes told KFOX .	Delgado was arrested at a Texas restaurant He faces 20 years in prison if he is convicted He had set up a scholarship for Latino students
HAVANA , Cuba  CNN  -- Raúl Castro has lived all his life in the shadow of his older brother Fidel . Raúl Castro has a reputation for ruthlessness but pushed for a move toward more capitalism in Cuba . Even when Fidel Castro underwent intestinal surgery in 2006 and Raúl Castro became Cuba 's acting president , Raúl did n't make a public appearance for two weeks , until after photos assured the country that Fidel was alive . Smaller , less imposing and less charismatic than his brother , Raúl Castro has known for years that he was the man designated to take over . Yet the world knows fairly little about the longtime Cuban defense minister -- or what he would do as Cuba 's new president . "  Is there going to be a transition here toward something ? " Raúl Castro once commented to reporters asking about post-Fidel Cuba . "  Yes , toward a better form of socialism and -- here 's something you 'll like -- toward a more democratic society . " What did he mean by "  more democratic society " ? The world may soon know . Watch how Raúl Castro has helped shape Cuba " On Tuesday , Fidel Castro announced plans to resign as president and commander-in-chief of the country 's armed forces after 49 years in power . It 's widely expected that Raúl Castro will be named as the country 's new president when the 31-member council of ministers meets Sunday . Always together Fidel and Raúl Castro planned the Cuban revolution together . The brothers were born in Biran , the sons of a Spanish immigrant -- a rich landowner -- and the housemaid he eventually married . Raúl Castro was always by his older brother 's side . Together , they plotted the 1950s uprising that became the Cuban revolution , brought Fidel Castro to power and gave birth to the first communist nation in the Western Hemisphere . After the collapse of the Soviet Union , which left Cuba on the brink of bankruptcy and starvation , it was Raúl Castro who insisted on allowing free enterprise farmers markets . He declared that "  beans have as much importance as cannons , if not more . " Analysts say the world may see more of that pragmatism . Six months ago , Raúl Castro began a "  national debate " on the problems of the country , acknowledging high unemployment and other economic concerns . Raúl Castro is "  a man who 's quite capable of showing flexibility when needed and quite capable of being hard-line when needed , " said Harold Klepak , a professor at the Royal Military College of Canada . "  So it will be what is best for Cuba . What 's best , I think , in his mind for the revolution and its continuity . " Different personalities Known as a fiery public speaker , Fidel Castro is said to be rather stiff in social situations . Raúl Castro is seen as the more down-to-earth brother . He has a more common touch and enjoys parties and a good joke , according to those who have known him well . He 's considered more the family man . And sister Juanita , who defected to the United States in 1964 and lives in Miami , says it is Raúl , not Fidel , who is the patriarch of the Castro clan . "  He 's kept the family together , " said Ann Louise Bardach , author of "  Cuba Confidential . " " -LSB- Juanita -RSB- said he remembers everybody 's birthday . He remembers everybody 's anniversary . He goes to the graduations . He takes care of the gifts . " Still , in many ways , Raúl Castro is seen as more of a hard-liner than Fidel Castro . During the early years of the revolution , the younger Castro earned a reputation for being ruthless with his enemies . Grainy black-and-white video shows him making impassioned speeches in the early days of the revolution . Even before his brother announced his retirement , Raúl Castro said Fidel would be a hard act to follow . "  No one will ever again have as much authority as Fidel Castro has had , because of who he is , because he made a true revolution , " 76-year-old Raúl Castro said . Still , he says only the Communist Party can guarantee continuity . And , as the architect of the Cuban army and its leader for 50 years , Raúl Castro has the military firmly behind him . E-mail to a friend	Likely successor to Fidel Castro has spoken of "  a better form of socialism " Raúl Castro pushed for private enterprise after Soviet Union collapsed As acting president , he opened "  national debate " on Cuba 's problems Architect of Cuba 's military has full backing of army
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- Prominent Cuban dissident Oswaldo Paya Sardinas died in a car accident Sunday , his daughter Rosa Maria Paya told CNN . He was 60 . She said her father died after the car he was traveling in was struck by another car in Cuba 's eastern Granma province . The car crash took place at 1:50 p.m. near Bayamo , Cuba , according to statement released by the Cuban government 's International Press Center . In Spanish : Government statement Paya and passenger Harold Capero died in the accident , the statement said . Two other passengers -- a Spanish citizen and Swedish citizen -- were injured and taken to a hospital , it said . The government statement says there was not a second car involved in the crash and said the rental car that Paya was traveling in lost control and crashed into a tree . Cuban police are investigating the crash , the statement said . On Paya 's website , his daughter Rosa Maria posted an audio clip saying his family believed that a second car had been involved and that it had intentionally struck the car in which Paya was traveling . A devout Christian and an engineer , Paya was known far beyond Cuba for his criticisms of the island 's socialist government . Cuban doctors battle to control cholera outbreak In 2002 , shortly before former U.S. President Jimmy Carter 's visit to Cuba , Paya delivered petitions containing 11,020 signatures calling for democratic elections and freedom of speech to Cuba 's National Assembly . Although the initiative -- called the "  Varela Project " -- was ignored by Cuba 's government , Carter later spoke of Paya 's signature drive during a speech that was broadcast on state television in Cuba . The speech was the first time Cuba 's government had allowed an American leader to address the populace as well as the first time that many Cubans had heard of Paya 's efforts to change the country 's political system . Opinion : Should U.S. raise a fist or offer a hand to Cuba ? Internal opponents to Cuba 's government are routinely labeled as traitors by the state-run media . In 2003 , Paya received the European Parliament 's Sakharov prize for freedom of expression . The award is named for Soviet dissident Andrei Sakharov and is awarded to those who work to promote human rights and democracy .	NEW : Cuban government statement says two people died in accident , two more injured Daughter of Cuban dissident Oswaldo Paya Sardinas questions government account Rosa Maria Paya says her father died Sunday in Granma province in a car accident Paya was known far beyond Cuba for his criticisms of the island 's socialist government
The Justice Department filed a lawsuit Monday seeking to block parts of a new North Carolina voting law that tightens election procedures , including requiring photo identification to cast ballots . Justice Department officials said the North Carolina law is discriminatory in intent and effect . The suit challenges four parts of the law and asks a court to require North Carolina to obtain pre-approval for certain voting law changes under a part of the Voting Rights Act that remains in effect . The lawsuit is part of Attorney General Eric Holder 's response to a June Supreme Court ruling that struck down a Voting Rights Act requirement for a patchwork of states and local jurisdictions to get permission from the Justice Department or a federal judge before enacting voting law changes . North Carolina lawmakers approve controversial election changes The four sections in dispute are : the requirement of photo ID to cast ballots ; the shortening of early voting from 17 days to 10 ; the elimination of same-day voter registration during early voting ; and restrictions on counting some provisional ballots . The photo ID portion of the North Carolina law was the center of controversy because Democrats said that it did n't include protections for voters who do n't have identification and that it disproportionately would affect minority voters . Conservatives have pushed such photo ID requirements in many states , saying they would prevent vote fraud . Studies of recent elections have shown in-person vote fraud to be rare . Some voter photo ID laws have been upheld by the courts . In August , the Justice Department filed similar lawsuits against Texas seeking to block the state 's 2011 election redistricting plan and a new voter photo ID law . The federal government is also seeking to require Texas to seek future pre-approval for voting law changes . North Carolina Gov. Pat McCrory signed the voting law changes last month . McCrory 's office issued a statement on Monday with a link to a video showing President Barack Obama being asked for and presenting his driver 's license at an Illinois polling station before voting in the 2012 presidential election . "  I believe if showing a voter ID is good enough and fair enough for our own president in Illinois , then it 's good enough for the people in North Carolina , " McCrory said . He said North Carolina is in line with a majority of states with voter ID laws , and said voters without identification will be able to get free identification cards from the state in January . "  Protecting the integrity of every vote is one of the most important duties I have as governor of this great state . And that is why I signed this common sense legislation into law , " McCrory said . In a speech earlier this month at a convention of the Congressional Black Caucus Foundation , Holder repeated his criticism of the June high court ruling on the Voting Rights Act , calling it "  a deeply flawed decision that effectively invalidated a cornerstone of American civil rights law . " He said despite the ruling , the Justice Department would find ways to try to accomplish the goals of the section of the law that was struck down . "  We will continue to vigorously enforce federal voting laws not affected by the Supreme Court 's decision -- including all remaining parts of the Voting Rights Act , " Holder said . The Supreme Court called the pre-clearance portion of the law unconstitutional in part because of its disparate treatment of the affected states . The ruling left standing other portions of the 1965 law , which was reauthorized by Congress and signed by President George W. Bush in 2006 . N.C. governor brushes off criticism amid weekly protests	North Carolina passed stricter voting rules after parts of the Voting Rights Act were struck The Supreme Court said certain jurisdictions no longer needed preclearance for changes The Justice Department challenged rules on photo ID , early voting
CNN  -- Intensifying violence , food shortages and widespread drought are driving an increasing number of Somalis to seek asylum in Yemen , the United Nations ' refugee agency said Tuesday . A man brandishes a knife while others carry old notes during a demonstration against record-high inflation . More than 15,000 refugees have arrived in the Yemeni port city of Aden since January , compared with 7,166 people in the first four months of 2007 , according to a spokesperson for the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees . Many of those seeking asylum brave treacherous boat trips across the Gulf of Aden . Consequently , the number of boats landing in Aden has jumped from 60 to 361 since January while the number of fatalities has remained constant , according to UNHCR . The agency attributed the surge to strife in Somalia , where riots continued in the capital city of Mogadishu for the second day Tuesday . According to news reports , Somali soldiers killed at least two people Monday during the protests over rising food prices . Watch protesters take to the streets " Somali refugees pay as much as $ 150 to cross the Gulf of Aden in search of asylum . Because of its proximity to the war-torn country , Yemen is a common destination for Somalis fleeing economic hardship , famine and war . Yemen is also an attractive location because Somalis receive automatic refugee status in the fellow Muslim country . New smuggling routes across the Red Sea have also led to increased numbers of refugees in Yemen , according to the UNHCR . Refugees often die before reaching Yemen because of dangerous sea conditions and overcrowded vessels . Others die at the hands of their smugglers , who order the passengers to jump overboard when the Yemeni coast guard approaches the vessel . Yemen 's coast guard stepped up patrols of its coastline this year in an attempt to deter smugglers , according to the UNHCR , which operates shelters and reception centers for refugees in Yemen . The coast guard has also seized boats and given them Somali fishermen affected by the 2004 tsunami .	Agency attributes surging number of refugees in Yemen to unrest in Somalia More than 15,000 refugees have come to port city of Aden since January New routes across the Red Sea to Yemen also contributing to increase
North Korea held a huge rally Friday in the center of its capital , Pyongyang , to celebrate the launch of a long-range rocket this week that put a satellite in orbit and provoked international condemnation . A special broadcast on state-run television showed crowds of soldiers and civilians standing in neat ranks , clapping and cheering as officials made congratulatory speeches praising the regime 's ruling dynasty . The rocket launch Wednesday took place sooner than many observers expected and was criticized by many countries since it was widely seen as a cover for testing ballistic missile technology that North Korea has been forbidden from using by the United Nations . But state media reported Friday that the satellite is weather-related and will "  gain information on temperatures of sea and land surfaces and atmosphere , humidity and wind and other meteorological data . " Putting the satellite in orbit was a technological breakthrough for the secretive North Korean regime , and a public relations victory for its young leader , Kim Jong Un . North Korea claims the launch was carried out for peaceful purposes . The successful launch was the result of Kim 's "  unique will , courage and boldness , " Jang Chol , head of the State Academy of Sciences , said at the rally Friday , his words echoing out over the assembled masses , many of whom were wearing thick coats as they stood in a snow-dusted square . Kim 's late father , Kim Jong Il , was also singled out as having made the launch possible through his military-first policy that channeled billions of dollars into the development of missiles and nuclear weapons . More crowds are expected to gather in Pyongyang on Monday , the first anniversary of Kim Jong Il 's death . North Korea 's achievement of putting an object in orbit , after years of failed attempts , stoked fresh concerns among world leaders about the reclusive state 's missile and nuclear programs . Experts do not believe North Korea has a nuclear warhead small enough to fly on the kind of missile that Pyongyang has now proved it can send long distance . And the United States believes the North Koreans may not have full control of the satellite they launched into space , according to a U.S. official who declined to be identified due to the sensitive nature of the information . But the launch allowed the regime to flex its military and technological muscle on the world stage . Kim Jong Un has "  stressed the need to continue to launch satellites in the future , " the state-run Korean Central News Agency said in a report Thursday , raising the prospect of more controversial moves in the future . State media also released images of Kim apparently watching the launch unfold . He was shown sitting with a cigarette in his left hand before a large screen that appeared to display the rocket 's trajectory . Members of the U.N. Security Council condemned the rocket launch Wednesday , and the United States is pushing for tougher sanctions on Pyongyang . But China , North Korea 's main ally and the holder of veto power at the United Nations , has so far taken a cautious stance , urging the Security Council to be "  prudent " on the issue and "  avoid escalating the situation . "	North Korean state media say satellite is to monitor weather Crowds of soldiers and civilians applaud speeches in Pyongyang A controversial rocket launch by North Korea put a satellite in orbit this week Move was a public relations victory for Kim Jong Un , North Korea 's young leader
CNN  -- When Arnold Palmer drove up Magnolia Lane on the eve of the 1962 Masters , he was in a confident mood . He 'd already won it twice , as well as the U.S. and British Opens , but this was to be his "  Annus Mirabilis " -- the year he cemented his reputation as a global sporting superstar . "  I was having some of my best times on the golf course , " he told CNN , in trademark understated fashion , ahead of this week 's Masters . "  I felt confident about myself and the way I was playing , and it worked out very well . " As the first major tournament of the golf year , the Masters is a springboard to some of the most magical moments in the sport 's history . Victory at the prestigious and highly exclusive Augusta National Golf Club would be a career highlight for most players , but for a select few it is often just one jewel in an era-defining crown . Palmer had been determined to erase memories of the 1961 Masters , where he double-bogeyed the final hole to hand victory to South African rival Gary Player , the first international golfer to claim the coveted Green Jacket . The following year Palmer led going into the final round , but needed two late birdies to go into a playoff with Dow Finsterwald and Player -- "  two of my very best friends in golf . " He started badly in the 18-hole contest on Monday but staged a remarkable late surge . Fifty years on , Palmer 's memories of his eventual triumph are still sharp . "  I had a pretty good back nine , that was the reason for my victory . " For "  pretty good " read "  stunning " -- Palmer conjured up birdies at 10 , 12 , 13 , 14 and 16 for a 68 to better Player by three shots and don the famous Green Jacket for the third time -- he would again wear it in 1964 . Palmer 's caddy , Nathaniel "  Iron Man " Avery , summed it up perfectly . "  He just jerks at his glove , tugs at his trouser belt and starts walking fast , " he told reporters after the round . "  When Mr. Arnold does that , everybody better watch out . He 's going to stampede anything in his way . " That year Palmer went on to claim his second British Open title at Royal Troon -- "  certainly one of my best Opens " -- as he finished 12 under par on the seaside links to win by six from Kel Nagle . His only setback came at the U.S. Open at Oakmont , in his home state of Pennsylvania , despite going into the tournament as a heavy favorite . An eventual loss in an 18-hole play off to the 22-year-old Jack Nicklaus was "  very disappointing , " said Palmer -- who three-putted 10 times in five days to undermine his fine play from tee to green . But victories in six other PGA Tour events , as well as winning the Vardon Trophy  named after the famous English golfer Harry Vardon  for the U.S. circuit 's low scoring average , rounded off an incredible year . Golf 's greatest years By dominating golf as he did that season , Palmer continued a trend started by Vardon in the first year of the 20th century -- following in the footsteps of golf legends such as Bobby Jones and blazing a trail for the likes of Jack Nicklaus and Tiger Woods . Vardon , known as "  Mr. Golf , " set the ball rolling . Born in the British isle of Jersey , he left an indelible mark on the game by inventing the Vardon Grip -- the overlapping of the small finger over the other when holding a club -- which is used by the majority of the top players in the world today . In 1900 he crossed the Atlantic and became the first player to win both the U.S. Open and the British Open . Overall , he captured a record six majors in his homeland . In 1920 , at the age of 50 and having suffered from tuberculosis , he still managed second place in the U.S. Open -- a true measure of his greatness . Paving the way for professionals That decade , another golfing superstar emerged in the form of Walter Hagen , who like Palmer helped to popularize the sport with his attacking play and flamboyant lifestyle . The American was the first golfer to win $ 1 million in his career , claiming 11 major titles plus five victories at the Western Open -- which in his era was one of golf 's leading events . In 1924 , Hagen was at the peak of his powers and won the British Open as well as the U.S. PGA Championship  then a matchplay tournament  . He also won three other PGA Tour events plus the Belgian Open . While Hagen helped the acceptance of professional players in a sport that had been mainly amateur , in 1930 another man became a worldwide name despite refusing to accept a cent for his many triumphs . Father of the Masters When the world 's elite play at Augusta this week , they owe their participation to the foresight and vision of Bobby Jones , who co-designed the course with Alister MacKenzie and co-founded the Masters Tournament with Clifford Roberts . Competing on an equal footing with Hagen and the top professionals , Jones had already won three U.S. Opens and two British Opens plus four U.S. Amateur crowns . But his feats of 1930 will surely remain unmatched . He claimed his own grand slam of the two pro and two unpaid majors on both sides of the Atlantic before promptly retiring at the tender age of 28 to practice law at the Georgia bar . Lord Byron The Second World War brought an end to international competition , but that era saw the emergence of one of Palmer 's heroes -- the great Byron Nelson . "  I watched him and admired him very much . He was one of the greatest players of all time , " Palmer told CNN as he recalled the Texan 's feats . Nelson 's greatest year was 1945 , near the end of the war , when he set a record on the PGA Tour which will surely remain unbroken . The Texan won 11 successive tournaments , beating the likes of Ben Hogan and Sam Snead . His 18 victories out of 35 starts included the PGA championship , and his scoring average of 68.33 stood until it was broken by Woods in 2000 . Nelson retired the following year aged 34 to become a rancher but was the host of a PGA event which bore his name until his death in 2006 . Hogan the hero As the U.S. economy started booming in the post-war years , golf 's profile was further boosted by the exploits of a player who bounced back from life-threatening adversity . Ben Hogan took determination and will to win to new levels in 1953 when he won all three majors he was able to contest , and five of six tournaments overall . Badly injured in a car crash in 1949 which nearly claimed his life , Hogan had to limit his schedule to prevent strain on his body . H won the Masters by five shots and was six clear in the U.S. Open at Oakmont , while he conquered the field at Carnoustie in the British Open by four strokes to be the only man under par on the tough Scottish links . Hogan was unable to play in the PGA Championships because it overlapped the British Open , but he would have chosen not to compete because he was unable to cope with the 36 holes per day expected of the players in the match play format . The "  Golden Bear " A decade after Palmer 's great year , one of his arch-rivals bestrode the game like a giant . Nicklaus , who had denied Palmer victory at the 1962 U.S. Open , was at the peak of his powers . "  It was easy to see that Jack would become a great player , " said Palmer . Nicklaus won two majors in 1972 , the Masters and the U.S. Open , and was second to Lee Trevino at the British Open . Seven victories came on the PGA Tour and , like Palmer in ' 62 , he won the money list and the Vardon Trophy . Nicklaus would eventually set an all-time record of 18 majors , the final triumph coming at the Masters in 1986 with a famous final-round charge . Champions duel The "  Golden Bear " would next be challenged by Tom Watson , nine years his junior . Watson 's win in their famous ' "  duel in the sun ' "  at Turnberry in 1977 will go down in golf history , but five years later his emergence was complete . Watson denied Nicklaus victory again at the 1982 U.S. Open at Pebble Beach with a miracle chip from the rough on the short 17th hole . The pair were tied for the lead with Watson looking certain to drop a shot when his effort hit the flag and went in for the most unlikely of birdies . It helped seal a two-shot victory , which the American followed up by winning his fourth British Open title at Troon before being named the PGA Tour 's Player of the Year for the fifth of six times overall . Ice-cool Englishman The balance of power in world golf shifted away from the United States in the 1990s , with England 's Nick Faldo taking over as the No. 1 as the decade started . With an attention to detail and competitive edge modeled on Hogan , Faldo claimed the Masters for the second time in 1990 after a playoff with Raymond Floyd . At the home of golf St. Andrews , he dominated the British Open from the start to win by five shots with a record 18-under aggregate . Faldo also finished tied for third , one shot back , in the U.S. Open at Medinah and was named golfer of the year on both sides of the Atlantic . Tiger on the prowl However , golf had to wait another decade before the astonishing feats of a player who has become one of the most recognizable athletes on the planet , and certainly one of the richest . Tiger Woods could manage only fifth place at the 2000 Masters at Augusta , but it was to prove just about his only disappointment in a record-breaking year . His 15-stroke victory in the U.S Open at Pebble Beach was "  the greatest performance in golf history " according Sports Illustrated magazine . The American broke Faldo 's British Open record with an eight-shot win at St. Andrews and made it three majors for the year by beating Bob May in a playoff at the PGA Championship . Woods won nine of 20 PGA Tour events that year , with the lowest scoring average in history . He then won the 2001 Masters to hold all four of golf 's major titles -- the first player to do so in the modern era . Palmer believes the 36-year-old , who won his invitational tournament at Bay Hill last month to end a PGA Tour title drought dating back to 2009 , "  can return to his best " in 2012 . The world of golf is waiting to see .	50 years since legendary Arnold Palmer claimed his third U.S. Masters triumph 1962 statistically his greatest year with victory at British Open and six other tournaments Every great golfer of the past century has had one year that stood out Tiger Woods won three majors in 2000 and nine PGA Tour events
Baghdad  CNN  -- At least five people were injured when bodyguards for a top Iraqi official opened fire on stone-throwing Sunni demonstrators Sunday , the country 's interior ministry said . The clashes broke out after Deputy Prime Minister Saleh al-Mutlaq arrived to address crowds protesting in a plaza in the western Iraqi city of Ramadi . Tens of thousands of demonstrators have been there for nearly a week , demanding that the Shiite-led government stop what they call second-class treatment of Iraq 's Sunni residents . Some demonstrators Sunday called for al-Multaq , who is Sunni , to submit his resignation to Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki 's government . Protesters chanted , "  Leave ! Leave ! " and threw stones at him , witnesses told CNN . The deputy prime minister 's bodyguards opened fire in an attempt to disperse the crowd as protesters hurled stones at the stage , Anbar provincial council member Suhaib al-Rawi told CNN . A protester with a gunshot wound was among five people injured , al-Rawi said . Details about the other injuries were not immediately clear . Sunnis largely boycotted Iraq 's 2005 elections , leading to the emergence of a Shiite-led government . The move left the once-ruling minority disaffected , which contributed to years of bloody insurgency and sectarian warfare . The arrest of a group of bodyguards for Iraq 's Sunni finance minister fueled a surge in protests last week in Ramadi , about 110 km  70 miles  west of Baghdad , and in several other Iraqi cities . On Friday , protesters carrying flags dating back to the Saddam Hussein regime took to the streets in the predominately Sunni Anbar province , blocking a vital highway that connects Iraq with Syria and Jordan . The demonstrations were called by tribal leaders and Sunni scholars , protesting against what they decried as unjust practices of Maliki 's government . Protesters demanded the release of detainees they said were held without charges . They called the government corrupt and accused it of unfairly targeting Iraq 's Sunni community . "  We do n't want your food , your water and your medicine , " one scholar told the crowd . "  We want our rights , our dignity . " In the wake of the protests , al-Maliki has defended his government . "  Nobody in Iraq has privilege over others , " he said Friday , calling for increased dialogue . "  When we want to express an opinion , we have to do it in a civilized , humane and patriotic manner , " he said . "  It is not expected to express your opinion by cutting off roads , steering strife and sectarianism , fighting , bragging about wars and dividing Iraq . " CNN 's Mohammed Lazim reported from Baghdad , Salma Abdelaziz and Yousuf Basil wrote the story in Atlanta . Catherine Schoichet and Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	Clashes break out after Iraq 's deputy prime minister arrives to address protesters Some demonstrators called for him to resign and threw stones at the stage , witnesses say The violence comes after nearly a week of protests Sunni demonstrators say the government is treating them like second-class citizens
Vice President Joe Biden is known for his off-the-cuff remarks , and sometimes , they get him into trouble . The latest example came last week when Biden told an audience at Harvard that ISIS had been inadvertently strengthened by Turkey and the United Arab Emirates -- two U.S. allies . Because the two countries had supplied Syrian rebels with money and weapons , Biden said they had essentially funded extremist elements in the region . His comments drew sharp pushback from leaders of those countries , and Biden apologized days later . Here are five other moments when Biden spoke his mind , only to have it come back to bite him . 1 . Same-sex marriage : Biden apologized to President Barack Obama in May 2012 after he put the President in a tough position by coming out in support of same-sex marriage ahead of his boss . In an appearance on NBC 's "  Meet the Press , " Biden said he was "  absolutely comfortable " with same-sex marriage . The problem was that Obama was still "  evolving " on his stance at the time . But days after Biden 's remarks , Obama announced his own support for same-sex marriage . He said on ABC 's "  Good Morning America " that Biden "  probably got out a little bit over his skis , but out of generosity of spirit . " Obama added that he would have "  preferred to have done this in my own way , on my own terms , " but "  all 's well that ends well . " 2 . BFD : Biden 's most colorful slip-up was his use of the catchphrase "  big f *** ing deal . " That 's how he described the passage and signing of Obama 's signature health care reform law in 2010 . Biden had tried to keep his comment quiet -- he whispered it to Obama at the signing ceremony -- but a host of cameras and microphones in the room were able to pick it up . And with an emerging social media environment that 's especially friendly to ever-shorter quotes , the acronym "  BFD " became even more popular . 3 . LaGuardia : As anyone who 's traveled through New York 's LaGuardia Airport can attest , the transit hub is in dire need of upkeep . Biden famously compared it to a "  Third-World country " this year . "  If I blindfolded someone and took them at 2 o'clock in the morning into the airport in Hong Kong and said ` where do you think you are ? ' They would say , ` this must be America . This is a modern airport , ' " Biden said . "  If I took them blindfolded and took them to LaGuardia Airport in New York , he would , like , ' I must be in some Third-World country . ' I 'm not joking . " New York Mayor Bill de Blasio called the analogy "  inappropriate " and said the vice president 's comments were "  not his finest moment . " 4 . New catchphrase ? "  Is n't that a b -- " : While he was offending the Turks and other allies in the fight against ISIS , Biden gave perhaps a Freudian slip on his view about being No. 2 in the Obama administration . During a Q&A segment , a questioner introduced himself as the vice president of the student body . "  Is n't that a b **** ? " a smiling Biden said . "  I mean ... excuse me . The vice president thing . " Biden quickly followed up : "  I 'm joking , I 'm joking , I 'm joking . Best decision I ever made . I 'm joking -- that was a joke . " The student told Biden that he hopes he loves being vice president . "  I do , actually . I love the guy I work with , " Biden said . 5 . Obama will be tested : Just weeks before the 2008 presidential election , Biden predicted that Obama would have a bumpy start to his presidency -- not exactly the message that Obama , who was criticized for his lack of experience , wanted to convey . "  Mark my words . It will not be six months before the world tests Barack Obama like they did John Kennedy , " Biden told Democratic fundraisers . "  The world is looking . We 're about to elect a brilliant 47-year-old senator President of the United States of America . " "  Remember I said it standing here , if you do n't remember anything else I said , " Biden continued . "  Watch , we 're going to have an international crisis , a generated crisis , to test the mettle of this guy . " We 'll let you be the judge on these : Was he telling the truth , or at least what he thinks is the truth ? #awkward : Hillary Clinton might have been a better pick : Not long after Obama chose Biden as his running mate and the bruising battle between Obama and Hillary Clinton for the Democratic nomination , Biden sought to prop up Clinton but may have taken it a step too far . "  Make no mistake about this , Hillary Clinton is as qualified or more qualified than I am to be vice president of the United States of America . Let 's get that straight , " he said at a New Hampshire town hall when a voter told Biden he was glad the then-Delaware senator had been chosen and not Clinton . "  She 's a truly close personal friend , and she is qualified to be president of the United States of America . She 's easily qualified to be vice president of the United States of America , and quite frankly , it might have been a better pick than me , " he continued . Obama went on to pick Clinton as his secretary of state , and she served during his first four years as president . Clinton and Biden are now considering 2016 presidential reruns , but it 's highly doubtful Biden will repeat that remark . But then again , you never know . White boy can jump : At an event this year honoring African-American history month , Biden said he and former NBA star Kevin Johnson , now Sacramento 's mayor , could take on the President in a game of hoops . "  I told the President , next game I have him , " Biden said . "  Just remember I may be a white boy , but I can jump . " He probably regrets this one : In a June 2006 appearance in New Hampshire , Biden talked with an Indian-American about his positive relationships with the Indian-American community in Delaware . With his Hollywood smile , he added a well-intentioned but cringe-worthy assessment of the group 's growing population in Delaware . "  You can not go into a 7-Eleven or a Dunkin' Donuts unless you have a slight Indian accent . Oh , I 'm not joking . "	Joe Biden apologized this weekend for yet another verbal slip-up He 's made several well-intentioned though oddly timed or inarticulate gaffes
CNN  -- The Icelandic volcano producing the ash cloud snarling much of European air traffic has not stopped erupting . Is there any chance that flight schedules could return to normal any time soon , and does the weather forecast provide any relief ? Here are some common questions and answers about the ash cloud crisis . Q : For how long will the volcanic cloud remain in the atmosphere ? A : The very fine ash previously injected into higher levels of the atmosphere -- above 20,000 feet -- will remain in the air for "  quite some time , " because the particles can be removed only by thunderstorms , which are not expected in the next few days , the World Meteorological Organization said Tuesday . The current high pressure system , with weak winds and slowly descending air in the center , is not helping to disperse the ash cloud , the WMO said . Still , the ash particles are slowly descending to lower levels , and there is evidence that most of the ash is now between the ground and about 10,000 feet , the WMO said . Q : What does the weather forecast say ? A : The current high-pressure system over Iceland is expected to dissipate toward the end of the week , when a stronger low-pressure system is predicted to develop , the WMO said . Not only will this system change the winds and push the ash toward the Arctic , but the rains associated with this system will help "  wash out " the ash at lower levels , the WMO said . While that directly affects only the ash in Iceland , it could be good news for the rest of Europe , because some of the ash could be "  washed out " of the air before it reaches the continent , said CNN weather anchor Mari Ramos . For Ireland and the United Kingdom , upper-level winds coming from the north are not predicted to change any time soon . Any rain that does develop closer to Europe would be unlikely to help wash much of the ash out of the atmosphere , Ramos said , because the ash cloud has generally remained above any weather system . The ash currently being spewed out by the volcano is reaching as high as 20,000 feet . Q : If the weather is n't going to change , when might the volcano stop erupting ? A : The eruption will continue for a while , but the activity will become less and less explosive , said volcanologist Simon Day of University College London . The more important question is how long the volcano will continue to send ash high into the atmosphere . "  With the first phases , the ash was going up to 30,000 to 40,000 feet , " Day said . "  The current levels that the ash is being ejected to is maybe only 10,000 or 20,000 feet . It 's probably also coarser-grained ash as well -- it 's not quite so finely divided on the whole -- so it 's going to settle out faster . So although the eruption may continue for a long time , and we may over the next few months see bursts of explosive activity , it 's probably not going to be as much of a problem as it has been during this last week . " Q : Does the appearance of the volcano 's plume indicate anything about the ash ? A : The whiteness of the plume suggests it contains mainly steam and little ash , the WMO said . When under-glacier eruptions occur , like this one in Iceland , the volcanoes tend to produce finer particles of ash , which stay in the air longer , Day said . That 's because the melting ice shatters the magma , which contains the particles that eventually become ash . Q : What do the ash particles look like ? A : The particles are extremely fine -- about as fine as pollen , Day said . They are made up of rocks , minerals , and volcanic glass , which together form volcanic ash , the WMO said . Such ash is hard , does not dissolve in water , and is extremely abrasive and mildly corrosive , the WMO said . Q : Iceland has many volcanoes , so why has n't this situation happened before ? A : The last time an Icelandic volcano produced so much ash over Europe was in 1947 , when the Hekla volcano erupted -- but that was when there were fewer planes in the sky and the world was n't as dependent on air travel as it is now , Day said . Disruption to air travel as a result of volcanoes happens frequently in the northern Pacific , along the Alaska-to-Japan route , where four to five days a year ash levels force flights to be diverted , Day said . But airlines can more easily divert their routes there than they can in Europe .	Meteorologists : very fine ash in upper atmosphere will remain for "  quite some time " Low-pressure system expected to push ash toward the Arctic , bring rain Volcanologist : Activity will become less and less explosive over time Ash particles are as fine as pollen , but hard , abrasive and mildly corrosive
Former President George W. Bush has a number of accomplishments under his belt : Texas governor , U.S. president , and now , a New York Times best-selling author . But even though Bush 's book about his father -- "  41 : A Portrait of My Father " -- has been No. 1 on the Times ' nonfiction sellers list for weeks , Bush admits the book is n't exactly a historical biography . "  It 's a love story , " Bush told Candy Crowley on CNN 's "  State of the Union . " "  I 'm not the least bit ashamed to say it 's not very objective , " he added . "  I also happen to think it 's a handbook on fatherhood . If somebody 's interested in how a person was a great father , even though he 's very busy , this book is such an example . " Bush ` wanted Dad to be alive ' to read biography In the interview , Bush jokes that neither he nor The New York Times had any idea that his book would become a best-seller . But the former president did n't write the book with sales in mind . Instead , he says , he felt the need to publish his father 's story , to reintroduce his dad to America in a way that no one has ever known him . "  He 's an extraordinary person , not only because of his accomplishments but because of his character , " Bush said . "  I understand how history works ; It takes a long time for people to get to know him , get to know somebody and then analyze their decisions . But I wanted to be one of the first people out in the evaluation of George H.W. Bush . " Bush also tried to dispel any rumors of competition between him and his father . 41 things about Bush 41 "  Stiff competition is overstated , " Bush said . "  In other words , if you love somebody as much as I love my dad , and my brothers loved my dad , my sister , there 's no need to compete . " The fact that the elder Bush is still alive to see the book also meant a lot to him , Bush said . "  I 'm glad Dad 's alive when it comes out , " he said . "  Secondly , I 'm glad that a lot of his friends are alive and can take it in and say , ` wow , this is the guy I know . ' " Bush picks Jeb over ` sister-in-law ' Hillary in 2016	George W. Bush calls his new book on his father "  a love story " Bush says his father , George H.W. Bush , is an "  extraordinary person "
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- For years , doctors and patients have been using DNA analysis to diagnose anything from paternity to predisposition to inherited disease . Now , Chinese scientists say genetic testing can identify inherent "  talents " as well . The results can reveal athletic or musical talents but can not necessarily identify the next Yao Ming . By examining the DNA from a simple cheek swab , scientists at Shanghai Biochip Co. , one of China 's largest biotechnology companies , say they can uncover a person 's natural strengths and weaknesses with 99 percent accuracy . They test eleven genes that they say correspond to memory , swiftness , thinking , comprehension , emotion , adventure , braveness , focus ability , perseverance , vigor and physical strength . According to the company , specific combinations of the genes can reveal whether someone is genetically predisposed to being highly intelligent , athletic , musical and more . In the case of memory , the scientists examine the gene known as BDNF , the Brain Derived Neurotrophic Factor gene . Research by America 's National Institute of Health suggests that different variants of the BDNF gene correspond to different competences in episodic memory  the ability to recall recent events  as well as different activity-levels in the hippocampus  the area of the brain that mediates memory  . See photos of the children 's summer camp in China where such testing occurs " Each person has one of three possible BDNF variants : AA , AG and GG . Each variant or base pair refers to the two gene components that make up each gene on the DNA 's double helix . Most people have the GG variant , which indicates "  normal " memory . Fewer people have the AG base pair , which corresponds to "  above average " memory . AA is the rarest and strongest type of memory gene variant . "  The AA genotype is the best in memory .  Someone with an AA pairing  will learn something easy and remember the result longer than others can , " said Yang Yanqing , the lab 's technical director . Once lab technicians determine the base pairs for each of the eleven talent genes , specialists draw conclusions about a person 's broader characteristics and even make career recommendations based a person 's talent level in each of the eleven categories . "  This child is very thoughtful and focused , " Shanghai Biochip 's Healthcare Director Huang Xinhua explained while looking over a girl 's test results . "  I suggest she go into management . " Although the results can also reveal athletic or musical talents , genetic testing will not necessarily be able to identify the next Yao Ming or Yo-Yo Ma . DNA analysis only provides an indication of someone 's talent potential , not their realized skill-level , the scientists say . "  It 's not like genes decide everything . Genes just decide 30 to 60 percent . The rest is post-natal . A child 's upbringing , nutrition , and education are all very much related , " said Huang . Still for many Chinese parents , it is worth knowing that extra 30 to 60 percent more about their child . The lab , which conducts many other types of DNA tests , has seen a surge in the demand for genetic talent tests , most of the requests come from parents on behalf of their children . In a country where , by law , most couples can only have one child , parents seem to be turning to biotechnology to ensure their only child reaches his or her full potential .	Scientists at Shanghai Biochip Co. say they can uncover a person 's natural strengths They do so by examining the DNA from a simple cheek swab They test eleven genes that they say correspond to certain traits Specific combinations of the genes can reveal predispositions for certain skills
New York  CNN  -- Helen Gurley Brown , who created the idea of a modern woman with her book "  Sex and the Single Girl " and was editor in chief of Cosmopolitan magazine for three decades , has died at age 90 , the Hearst Corporation said Monday . Gurley Brown died Monday morning at New York-Presbyterian Hospital/Columbia after a brief hospitalization , the publisher said . "  Helen was one of the world 's most recognized magazine editors and book authors , and a true pioneer for women in journalism -- and beyond , " Hearst Chief Executive Frank Bennack said . It was Gurley Brown who invented today 's notion of a modern woman -- one who could have both a successful career and an exciting , satisfying sex life , said Bonnie Fuller , the influential magazine editor who took over at Cosmopolitan when Gurley Brown stepped down in 1997 . "  Young women today do n't realize the legacy that they owe her , " Fuller said in an interview with CNN . Gurley Brown 's 1962 book "  Sex and the Single Girl " encouraged young women to enjoy being single , find fulfillment in work and non-marital relationships with men , and take pleasure in sex , Hearst said . The book was on the bestseller lists for more than a year and became a movie starring Natalie Wood , Tony Curtis , Lauren Bacall , and Henry Fonda . When Betty Friedan 's book "  The Feminine Mystique " ushered in the modern women 's movement in 1963 , the two books and their authors helped lead the growing national dialogue about the place of women in society and popular culture , Hearst said . Dr. Ruth : Brown told women the truth about sex Two years after publishing "  Sex and the Single Girl , " Gurley Brown followed it up with the 1964 bestseller "  Sex and the Office . " Gurley Brown was born in Arkansas in 1922 to schoolteacher parents and moved with her mother and sister to Los Angeles after her father 's death . After graduating high school as valedictorian , Gurley Brown put herself through Woodbury Business College  today Woodbury University  and earned a business degree . A string of secretarial jobs finally landed Gurley Brown at the advertising agency of Foote , Cone , and Belding , where her "  witty notes " so impressed boss Don Belding that he encouraged her to become a copywriter , according to Hearst . Gurley Brown excelled in the job , winning awards and rising to become the highest-paid female copywriter on the West Coast by the late 1950s , Hearst said . Together with her husband , David , who died in 2010 , Gurley Brown began pitching more books and new magazines targeted at single women . One of the magazines caught the eye of Hearst , but instead of a new title , they asked her to revive Cosmopolitan magazine , according to the company . It was 1965 when Gurley Brown became editor in chief of Cosmopolitan . She was ` tireless " in the job , growing the magazine in the 1980s to 300 pages -- a third of which were lucrative advertisements , Hearst said . The magazine is now one of the top selling women 's magazines in the world , published in 35 languages and in more than 100 countries , Hearst said . Fuller said Gurley Brown was a "  brilliant " woman who articulated ideas that were considered risque at the time . "  Helen was a modern career woman in a time when there were n't very many , " Fuller said . "  She saw that the next generation of women would be her . She ` created ' Cosmopolitan to talk to that woman and to liberate her from the idea that she did n't have to become June Cleaver -- and that she could grow up to have a career that was just as fulfilling and exciting as any man 's career . " New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg called Gurley Brown a pioneer who reshaped not only the entire media industry , but the nation 's culture as well . "  She was a role model for the millions of women whose private thoughts , wonders and dreams she addressed so brilliantly in print , " Bloomberg said in a written statement . "  She was a quintessential New Yorker : never afraid to speak her mind and always full of advice . She pushed boundaries and often broke them , clearing the way for younger women to follow in her path . " Gurley Brown left Cosmopolitan in 1997 to become editor in chief of its 64 international editions . She wrote 11 books in all , including the 1982 bestseller "  Having It All : Love , Success , Sex , Money , Even If You 're Starting With Nothing . " The cover featured a smiling , well-dressed Gurley Brown sitting on the edge of her writing desk . Her definitive memoir , "  I 'm Wild Again : Snippets from My Life and a Few Brazen Thoughts , " was published in 2000 . In an interview with Vanity Fair magazine in 2007 , Gurley Brown said the historical figure she most identified with was Cleopatra , because "  she was a good boss and had a good love life . " She admitted her "  fat tummy " was the one thing she would change about herself if she could , and she regretted never sitting down with her mother to get her life story . She also said her husband was the greatest love of her life . Asked her motto , Gurley Brown told the magazine , "  Get up and do it if it needs to be done , even if you hate it ! " Who we 've lost in 2012 CNN 's Melissa Gray contributed to this report .	Helen Gurley Brown died Monday after a brief hospitalization She was Cosmo 's editor in chief for more than 30 years She helped develop the women 's magazine into one of the world 's most popular In later years , she was editor in chief of Cosmo 's international editions
Washington  CNN  -- Millions of undocumented immigrants would get immediate but provisional status to live and work in America under a compromise plan proposed Monday by a bipartisan group of eight senators . While temporarily removing legal uncertainty for the nation 's 11 million undocumented immigrants , the senators ' outline also called for strengthening border controls , improved monitoring of visitors and cracking down on hiring undocumented workers . Only after those steps occurred could the undocumented immigrants already in the country begin the process of getting permanent residence -- green cards -- as a step toward citizenship , the senators told a news conference . "  They would no longer be deported , provided they do n't have a criminal record . They would no longer be harassed , they would be allowed to stay here and work , " said Democratic Sen. Chuck Schumer of New York in describing the immediate impact of the framework if crafted into legislation and enacted . The outline for a possible immigration bill reflects a new willingness by mainstream Republicans to compromise following their party 's defeat in November , when President Barack Obama got strong backing from Latino voters . "  Elections , elections , " answered Republican Sen. John McCain of Arizona , a veteran of past immigration battles in Congress , when asked to explain the push now for a bill that proved unattainable two years ago . "  The Republican Party is losing the support of our Hispanic citizens , " McCain said . "  We realize that there are many issues on which we think we are in agreement with our Hispanic citizens , but this is a preeminent issue with those citizens . " His party and all Americans now realized that "  we can not continue as a nation with 11 million people residing in the shadows , " McCain added . Florida Sen. Marco Rubio , a tea party-backed conservative considered a rising star in the Republican party , said the goal was to create a "  modern immigration system " that treated everyone fairly -- both the undocumented and those waiting to come to America legally . "  None of this is possible if we do n't address the reality there are 11 million people in this country who are undocumented , " Rubio said . However , another tea party-backed Republican , Sen. Mike Lee of Utah , objected to the framework by his colleagues , saying the guidelines "  contemplate a policy that will grant special benefits to illegal immigrants based on their unlawful presence in the country . " Other conservatives immediately voiced their opposition to what they called amnesty , a code word on the political right for providing undocumented immigrants a path to legal status . "  When you legalize those who are in the country illegally , it costs taxpayers millions of dollars , costs American workers thousands of jobs and encourages more illegal immigration , " said Rep. Lamar Smith , R-Texas , who serves on the immigration subcommittee in the House . "  By granting amnesty , the Senate proposal actually compounds the problem by encouraging more illegal immigration . " NumbersUSA , a group seeking to reduce U.S. immigration , called the Senate plan an attempt to "  out-amnesty Obama " and said it was activating its 1.3 million members to push for congressional opposition . House Speaker John Boehner 's office was noncommittal , saying he looked forward to learning more about the senators ' plan . A similar effort on immigration is said to be under way in the House , involving a group of Republicans and Democrats . Two senior House Democratic sources briefed on the effort told CNN the group was working to release some sort of outline of its plan soon , possibly as early as this week , but concede "  they are not as far along as the Senate . " Like the Senate framework , the House plan will include a path to citizenship , but details of how that will work are still being discussed . McCain and Rubio , joined by three Democratic colleagues at the news conference , acknowledged the political challenge , with Rubio calling the legislative process ahead "  enormously complicated . " Read the senate plan Obama is expected to deliver a speech in Las Vegas on Tuesday to discuss comprehensive immigration legislation , which he calls a priority of his second term . According to senior administration officials , the president will say the senators ' plan represents progress and argue that now is the time to act . He will lay out his vision for immigration reform , which is consistent with the Senate plan , they said . Obama is not expected to present legislation during his speech , nor anytime this week . At the White House , spokesman Jay Carney said the president welcomed the senators ' framework , calling it a "  big deal " because it included an eventual path to citizenship for undocumented immigrants . "  He is encouraged by the progress we have seen from members of both parties in the Senate , and looks forward to working with members of both parties to reach a point in the hopefully not too distant future where we have a bill that has bipartisan support , that is very specific , and that he can sign because it meets his principles , " Carney said . Path to citizenship : Senators outline bipartisan immigration plan Meanwhile , a litany of left-leaning advocacy groups spoke out on the senators ' plan , praising it as a good first step but cautioning against harming the rights of workers . "  The people of this country are ready for us to be one country again without second-class people being mistreated simply because they lack paper even though they are already contributing to our economy and our tax system , " noted NAACP President Ben Jealous . Democratic senators backing the plan include Schumer , Dick Durbin of Illinois , Robert Menendez of New Jersey , and Michael Bennet of Colorado . On the Republican side , McCain and Rubio were joined by Lindsey Graham of South Carolina and Jeff Flake of Arizona . What you do n't know about Latinos in America The eight senators based their framework on four "  pillars , " described as : -- A "  tough but fair " path to citizenship for undocumented immigrants already living in the United States , but only after bolstering the nation 's border security ; -- Overhauling the country 's legal immigration system , including attaching green cards to advanced degrees in science , technology , engineering , or math from U.S. universities ; -- Establishing an employment verification system that holds employers accountable for hiring undocumented workers ; -- Creating a guest-worker program for positions that Americans are either unable or unwilling to fill . Lawmakers : GOP needs to back immigration overhaul A source familiar with how the eight senators came up with the plan told CNN that Graham called Schumer after the November vote to restart work on an immigration bill that broke down in 2010 . Soon , a core group of six senators formed and met five times in the following weeks in the offices of Schumer and McCain , the source said , adding that Flake and Bennet also took part in some of the meetings and were the last to agree to the proposal . Opinion : Worker visas are the key to immigration reform Schumer said Monday that an initial timetable called for delivering the text of a bill to the Senate Judiciary Committee by March , and Senate passage by late spring or in the summer . He and Durbin called Obama on Sunday to tell him of the agreement by the senators , Schumer said , describing the president as "  delighted . " DREAMer 's clout increases in immigration debate Obama came under criticism from Latino activists for failing to deliver on 2008 campaign promise to make immigration reform a priority of his first term . Last year , as his re-election campaign heated up , the Obama administration announced a halt to deportations of some young undocumented immigrants in a move that delighted the Latino community . Exit polls in November indicated Latino voters gave overwhelming support to Obama over GOP challenger Mitt Romney , who had advocated a policy that amounted to forcing undocumented immigrants to deport themselves . Five reasons why time may be right for immigration reform iReport : Under deportation , above fear CNN 's Jessica Yellin , Deirdre Walsh , Kevin Liptak , Catherine E. Shoichet and Matt Smith contributed to this report .	NEW : House lawmakers are also said to be working on a bipartisan immigration plan NEW : President Obama will not present legislation , but call for action , during a speech Tuesday Eight senators , four from each party , unveil a "  first step " toward an agreement Conservatives reject the senators ' plan as "  amnesty "
CNN  -- The University of Vermont 's Sigma Phi Epsilon fraternity is under investigation after a survey surfaced online asking fraternity brothers whom they would rape . The national Sigma Phi Epsilon organization said in a statement that "  the fraternity has instructed the chapter to cease all operations , pending further investigation . " It added that "  any behavior that demeans women is not tolerated by the fraternity . " Leadership from the fraternity 's national office was in Burlington on Wednesday , working with university administrators to look into the survey , which was discovered this week , CNN affiliate WCAX reported . "  We want to make sure that any individuals that were responsible for that document or any other faults are held accountable , " Tyler Boggess of Sigma Phi Epsilon told the affiliate . "  It is technically free speech , and yet it is deplorable and just absolutely inappropriate and offensive , " Annie Stevens , associate vice president for student and campus life , told the affiliate . "  It may be in this instance where there 's a dynamic of only a few knew about this , we do n't know that yet , or did the whole chapter know ? ... Those are the kinds of questions that we have . " This year , the fraternity was placed on probation for serving alcohol to underage students at an off-campus house , Stevens added . Read more about this story from CNN affiliate WCAX .	Leadership from Sigma Phi Epsilon met with the university Wednesday "  It is technically free speech , and yet it is deplorable , " a school official says The national office of the fraternity says it is investigating the incident
CNN  -- Japan is known the world over for its supreme train network . In the capital Tokyo , nearly half of all commuters travel by train , heavily outweighing other modes of transport like cycling , buses and private transport . Of the 48 % of people who use the public rail network , 22 % use the city 's vast subway network . Sandra Barron is an American freelance writer who has lived in Tokyo for the last five years . Having spent the previous 10 years in New York , she is a seasoned subway rider . But nothing could have prepared her for the congested world of the Tokyo subway . Subway sandwich "  The peak rush hour is really unbelievable . I 've only been a few times and I 've really made an effort to avoid it ever since because it is really crowded . It 's like a cattle cart , " Barron told CNN . "  It 's just bodies squished as tightly as you can be into a small space . You can see people whose feet are n't touching the ground sometimes because they are wedged in so tightly , " she laughs . Barron recalls a subway journey early into her stay in Tokyo . "  It was just streamed with people ... I basically could n't get on the first couple trains with my bag . I finally got on and if you are n't paying attention and you are on the wrong side of the train , you might not be able to get out . " ` Pushy ' staff On both the rail and subway lines , train operators employ "  oshiya "  or "  pushers "  . Barron says : "  It 's funny because "  pusher " sounds really aggressive but they wear uniforms , white gloves and they have hats . It 's like if you had a big laundry basket that overflows and you have to push the clothes down to close the lid . That 's what they do . Infographic : The railway capital of the world "  They make sure everybody gets in and does n't get caught in the doors . " The subway line operators have also introduced women-only carriages to help women commute more safely through the city . The designated train cars are usually recognizable by signs in the carriage and on the platform and were brought in to combat "  chikan "  "  groping "  . Subway snoozers Another familiar sight on the Tokyo subway is sleeping commuters . "  A lot of people have a long commute -- an hour , two hours . Also , a lot of people stay out late drinking and they start early and have long hours at work , " she says . "  There is a tolerance that if the person next to you falls asleep and their head kind of lands on your shoulder , people just put up with it . That happens a lot , " she adds . "  People do n't like it , they do n't cuddle with them or anything but it 's kind of accepted that that happens . " Watch : Car vs. Train race to Tokyo The Tokyo subway ends its daily service between midnight and one o'clock , depending on the line . "  Oh God ! You get a mad dash and all the conductors are platform attendants with megaphones reminding people : ` This is the last train , it is leaving now ' ... It 's literally like a wave of people running for the train , " says Barron . For those unfortunate few that either miss their last train or fall asleep on the platform , there are a few options to pass the time before the first train begins in the early hours . "  They can stay at a capsule hotel , there are the manga cafes that are like internet cafes but you can stay the night in a little cubical , " Barron says . "  People sometimes go to fast food restaurants and wait it out because things start running again about 4.30 in the morning . " When asked which subway network she prefers -- Tokyo or New York -- Barron ca n't quite decide . "  Compared to New York , -LSB- Tokyo -RSB- is really efficient , really orderly , really clean ... Gosh , it 's like which of your children do you love more . " More : Japan rail quiz -- How will you fare ? Barron 's top tips for stress-free subway rides 1 . Buy a Suica card A prepaid travel card that allows you to touch in and out at the stations . You can buy paper tickets but prepaid cards are easier and less time consuming . 2 . Pay attention to your exit Train stations can be huge terminals covering large areas of the local suburb with overwhelming crowds . Make sure you know where you are trying to get before you arrive at the station and keep an eye on the signs . 3 . Follow the charts Barron points out that each station has signs on the platform showing you which car you should ride depending on connecting lines . Use these to make your journey easier without missing your stop . 4 . Be aware of your surroundings Consider how people are acting and behave accordingly . Remember you do n't have to be the noisy foreigner . 5 . Use an app or website Barron suggests Hyperdia or Jorudan as a good route finder .	24 million passengers use the Tokyo rail and subway network every day Rush hour periods can be overwhelming and exhausting experiences for the uninitiated CNN speaks to freelance writer and Tokyo resident , Sandra Barron on how to traverse the Tokyo subway
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A series of e-mail exchanges between officials at the Department of Health and Human Services shows growing alarm at the amount of projected profit from a government contract for a drug company whose controlling shareholder is a longtime Democratic Party activist . Ronald Perelman is controlling shareholder of Siga Technologies and a longtime Democratic Party activist and fundraiser . He 's also a large contributor to Republicans , but has been a particular friend of the Obama White House . Also on Siga 's board of directors is Andy Stern , former president of the Service Employees International Union , who has had close relations with the Obama administration and who has supported President Barack Obama 's health care initiatives . In May 2011 , Health and Human Services awarded Siga a no-bid contract worth nearly $ 433 million to develop and produce 1.7 million doses of an anti-viral smallpox drug called STS-246 . The drug would augment the existing supply of smallpox vaccine now in U.S. control . According to HHS officials , the government has already spent close to $ 1 billion to acquire smallpox vaccine since the September 11 , 2001 , attacks on New York and Washington . A government spokesman told CNN that STS-246 is designed to be given over a 14-day course of treatment , with two pills a day suggested in the event of a smallpox outbreak triggered by a bio-terror attack . But internal e-mails obtained exclusively by CNN show a contracting officer assigned to manage price negotiations between HHS and Siga was alarmed at the cost . Siga 's return on investment , one e-mail said , was "  an overwhelming 180 per cent . " The e-mail went on to say that margin "  must be cut in half at a minimum " and later added : "  I know you wo n't find a CO  Contracting Officer  in government who would sign a 3-digit profit percentage . " In reply , another HHS official , a doctor , agreed . "  Fully concur that 180 per cent is outrageous , " the doctor said in an answer . Moreover , because taxpayer dollars had been used to fund research and development of the drug , "  We should get a major discount given our support of front-end development , " the e-mail states . A few weeks later , the CEO of Siga , Dr. Eric A. Rose , wrote to HHS , saying "  it was clear that we were at an impasse in negotiations " and urging government officials to remove the existing contracting officer and replace him "  with a more senior official . " The assistant secretary for preparedness and response , Nicole Lurie , agreed . In a letter to Rose , she told him she had instructed her officials "  to appoint our most senior procurement official as the final authority for this procurement . " Shortly thereafter , the contract was signed . The contract award immediately raised concerns in some sections of the scientific community . One smallpox expert , Dr. D.A. Henderson of the University of Pittsburgh 's Bio Security Center , said STS-246 has not been proven to work . "  The question is , what will it do in the way of treating a patient who 's had a fever and now has a funny rash that could be smallpox ? " Henderson told CNN . "  Will it treat the disease ? I 've seen no data to suggest that it will . " The Republican chairmen of two House committees , Oversight and Investigations and Small Business , both wrote to HHS demanding all correspondence associated with the contract award and have begun an investigation . "  You certainly ca n't ignore the political connections between the company and the administration , " Missouri Rep. Sam Graves , the chairman of the Small Business Committee , told CNN . For its part , Siga told CNN in an e-mail that : "  Never at any time was any elected official or political official asked to intervene in the procurement process by SIGA or anyone affiliated with the company . " Read Siga 's statement But a key Democratic senator wants an investigation of the contract . Sen. Claire McCaskill , also of Missouri , says the no-bid award raises serious questions . "  Was it justified as a no-bid contract ? " McCaskill asked in a press conference last week . "  Overall , I think we need to begin asking policy questions about the kind of money we 're spending developing drugs where the United States is the only customer . " A White House spokesman declined to comment to CNN and instead referred all questions to Health and Human Services . In a written statement , an HHS spokesman said the contract was awarded "  after a rigorous market analysis determined that Siga was the only known company in the world with the capability to produce the required antiviral drug within the required time period . " A smaller drug firm based in Durham , North Carolina -- Chimerix -- had earlier told government auditors that it could develop a similar drug . Chimerix was then given the opportunity to bid for any additional funds beyond the original contract . HHS also told CNN that the price of the drug was of no concern . "  We ca n't get into the details , but the final rates ended up well within industry standards , " the spokesman said . As for replacing the contract officer , the spokesman said : "  This change actually resulted in substantial savings for the U.S. government . " That 's something McCaskill questions . "  If the United States government is going to be the only customer , why is it that the stockholders get all the profit if we 're the ones putting up a significant portion of the development money when , in fact , the United States becomes the only customer ? " she asked . As for the replacement of the HHS official , Siga said in its e-mail to CNN : "  The findings , the negotiations and the decision to award were handled solely by career procurement officials at HHS who negotiated a fair and reasonable price . " Siga board member Fran Townsend , appearing on CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 " Thursday night , defended the contract process and insisted it followed standard operating procedures . "  I can tell you not Ronald Perelman , not Andy Stern , no member of the  Siga  board was involved in these contract negotiations and never contacted anybody in the government about this contract , " said Townsend , who works full time for McAndrews and Forbes , a company owned by Perelman , and who also is CNN national security contributor . Townsend contended that the contract was put out in a competitive process but "  Chimerix ultimately was not competitive in this process . " "  It ultimately was ... a sole-source contract ... because there was nobody to compete , " Townsend said . "  There was nobody  aside from Siga  with an anti-viral that could meet the government 's standards . " She added that the government has given a research-and-development grant to Chimerix to encourage competition . "  The government has bent over backwards to try and balance the need for an anti-viral against competition , " Townsend said . Townsend also said the claim that Siga 's return on investment was 180 % was "  inaccurate . " However , she said the actual rate was confidential . She pointed out that an FDA advisory committee will be holding a public hearing on the drug on December 14 . Internal HHS documents obtained by CNN also show that as part of the early negotiation process , two key Siga executives granted themselves salary increases of $ 200,000 in the case of CEO Eric A. Rose and $ 225,000 for Siga Chief Financial Officer Daniel Luckshire . According to the internal memo , dated January 14 , 2011 , Siga "  now believes a pending government award merits bonuses for the most highly paid executives . "	In May 2011 , Siga Technologies won a no-bid , nearly $ 433 million HHS contract Internal government e-mails obtained by CNN show questions were raised Siga 's controlling shareholder is a longtime Democratic Party activist HHS says "  after a rigorous market analysis " the contract was based on Siga 's ability to produce
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The BBC is refusing to broadcast a plea from leading British charities for aid to Gaza , saying the ad would compromise the public broadcaster 's appearance of impartiality . Demonstrators protest at the BBC 's central London offices Saturday against the broadcaster 's decision . The decision prompted weekend protests in England and Scotland , with one group saying Sunday that 100 people had occupied the foyer of the BBC building in Glasgow , Scotland and would not leave until the BBC runs the ad . The Disasters Emergency Committee , which includes the British Red Cross , Oxfam , Save the Children and 10 other charities , plans to launch the ad on Monday . British broadcasters , led by the BBC , originally declined to air the appeal -- but in the face of criticism from government ministers and others , ITV , Channel 4 and Channel 5 changed their minds . CNN was not approached to broadcast the ad , a DEC spokesman said . About 5,000 people demonstrated in front of the BBC 's Broadcasting House in central London on Saturday over the broadcaster 's stance . Seven people were arrested . Watch protest against BBC decision " In Glasgow , the London-based Stop the War Coalition said Sunday its supporters had moved into the foyer of the BBC building in what the group described as a peaceful protest . The group did not plan to move beyond the foyer but intended to stay there until the BBC changes its decision , said Keith Boyd , a coalition member who called CNN on Sunday . "  Primarily we are asking that the ad be shown , " Boyd said . The BBC press office would not confirm whether its Glasgow office was being occupied or if protesters were even there . "  We do n't comment on individual demonstrations , " a statement from the BBC press office said . The BBC is standing by its decision to not air the ad , director general Mark Thompson wrote in a blog post on the corporation 's Web site . "  We concluded that we could not broadcast a free-standing appeal , no matter how carefully constructed , without running the risk of reducing public confidence in the BBC 's impartiality in its wider coverage of the story , " he wrote Saturday . "  Inevitably an appeal would use pictures which are the same or similar to those we would be using in our news programs but would do so with the objective of encouraging public donations . The danger for the BBC is that this could be interpreted as taking a political stance on an ongoing story , " Thompson said . "  Gaza remains a major ongoing news story , in which humanitarian issues -- the suffering and distress of civilians and combatants on both sides of the conflict , the debate about who is responsible for causing it and what should be done about it -- are both at the heart of the story and contentious , " he added . The BBC , which is funded by an obligatory license fee paid by every British household with a television , is required by its charter to be impartial . It does not carry commercial advertising but does broadcast charity appeals . The DEC is "  disappointed that the BBC declined to support the Gaza appeal , " the spokesman told CNN . "  It might limit the reach of our key message to the general public . " The spokesman , who asked not to be named , said the BBC had to make its own decision about impartiality . "  That is a decision they must make . We have no view on that subject , " he said . Many readers of Thompson 's blog post did have a view , however . The statement got hundreds of comments , most of them critical of the BBC . A commenter who signed in as "  bully -- baiter " said the BBC was taking a side , no matter what it did . "  Sorry Mr. Thompson but you can not have it both ways . If deciding to accede to the DEC request would be seen as political then deciding not to accede to it is also political . Do n't insult me with your disingenuous attempts to suggest it is otherwise , " the commenter wrote . Other commenters simply rejected Thompson 's position out of hand . "  I think the reasons for blocking help for a grave humanitarian disaster are simply astounding , " "  brit -- proud " wrote . "  How can simply bringing food , medicines and homes to hundreds of thousands of innocent civilians be seen as political impartiality ? How stupid do the BBC think the British public are ? " But the corporation had its defenders as well . "  The last thing I want to do , is fund the BBC to broadcast propaganda , " "  SternG " wrote : "  There 's no way I will pay the BBC to air the DEC 's politically-motivated ` appeal ' for Gaza . Gaza is run by a government which is internationally recognized as a terrorist group , including by the EU . There is no doubt that some aid/fund will be ` procured ' by Hamas . ... Good decision BBC . " British broadcasters have refused to air some previous DEC appeals , the umbrella organization 's spokesman said . A planned 2006 appeal for aid to victims of the war in Lebanon was scrapped because "  there were genuine concerns , shared by the aid agencies , about the deliverability of aid . " Thompson cited doubts about whether DEC members could get aid to Gaza as a secondary reason for declining to take the ad .	NEW : Protesters occupy part of BBC building in Scotland , group says U.K. charity group Disasters Emergency Committee to launch appeal for Gaza aid BBC refuses to broadcast ad , says would compromise appearance of impartiality BBC , funded by obligatory license fee , is required by charter to be impartial
LONDON , England  CNN  -- French President Nicolas Sarkozy 's collapse while jogging and subsequent hospitalization prompted speculation and concern Monday in France over the 54-year-old 's state of health . French President Nicolas Sarkozy shakes hands with medical staff as he leaves hospital Monday . Though the hospital which treated Sarkozy said tests had detected nothing abnormal , officials said the president 's fainting had been caused by a nerve condition called vasovagal syncope . What is syncope ? Syncope  pronounced "  sin-ko-pea "  is the brief loss of consciousness or fainting caused by a temporary decrease in blood flow to the brain . It is a common condition that affects as many as half of all people at least once in their life . Three percent of people develop it more frequently . Syncope may be associated with a sudden fall in blood pressure , a decrease in heart rate or changes in blood volume or distribution . What causes syncope ? According to some experts , syncope is often the result of an underlying medical condition that could be related to the heart , nervous system or blood flow to the brain . It is also associated with anxiety , fear , pain or hunger and often happens when a person goes from a sitting position to a standing one . There are several types of syncope . The most common one is vasovagal syncope , which occurs when the blood pressure drops suddenly , reducing blood flow to the brain . When a person stands up , gravity causes blood to settle in the lower part of the body . In most people , the heart and nervous system will react and give out the correct signals to maintain blood flowing everywhere else in the body . But in some cases , the system does not send out the right signals , leading to a lack of blood flowing to the brain . What happens when the condition strikes ? Symptoms include dizziness , nausea , sweating , falling and , ultimately , fainting . After "  blacking out , " the person usually regains consciousness within minutes , but may experience a period of confusion or feeling weak for up to 24 hours . In 2002 , former U.S. President George W. Bush had a fall at the White House after he choked on a pretzel . The pretzel stuck in his throat and caused the vagus nerve to send a signal to his heart . This slowed it down and reduced blood flow so much he passed out . How is syncope treated ? Depending on the underlying cause of syncope , treatment is aimed at preventing a syncope recurrence . Treatment may include medication ; wearing garments to improve circulation ; changing one 's diet ; taking precautions when changing positions from sitting to standing and in rare cases , implanting a pacemaker . With appropriate treatment , syncope can be resolved in most patients . Sources : Cleveland Syncope Clinic and London Cardiac Institute , Canada	Sarkozy 's nerve condition , vasovagal syncope , affects about three percent of people It is often associated with stress and anxiety and can lead to low blood pressure Former U.S. President George W. Bush had the condition after choking on a pretzel
CNN  -- Sometimes a sign of the times is subtle . Let 's talk about it : Second Life has long been a forum for self-help , now some rehab centers are setting up shop there . For clients of an alcohol rehab center in Atlanta , one appears in the form of an after-care option : they can meet their therapist for follow-up sessions in Second Life , the popular virtual world . The clients at Accelerated Recovery Centers , all addicted to alcohol , first complete an initial two to three weeks of intensive therapy at the center , undergoing training and meeting with psychologists , counselors , life coaches , medical professionals , nutritionists and personal trainers . Then they go home -- where temptation waits . To cope with that , over the next nine to 12 months they have sessions with their therapist over the phone , through a video-chat service like Oovoo.com , or in Second Life . In the latter , an avatar that the client controls meets with another that the therapist controls . The rehab center has been carefully replicated within Second Life , on a secure parcel of virtual real estate called Identity Island . The furniture , walls , and layout of the virtual rehab center look the same as in Atlanta . The therapist 's face is mimicked on the avatars . Audio is used rather than text chat , so the therapist 's voice comes from the avatar during sessions . There 's also group therapy , with many avatars meeting at once . But the rehab center is not about technology -- it 's about helping clients overcome alcohol addiction .  The center was started about three years ago ; the Second Life option came last year . Some clients decide against Second Life . They 're not comfortable with computers , perhaps , or they do n't like being represented by an avatar . But for many , the virtual world works . They have a sense of having "  been somewhere , " notes David E. Stone , a licensed psychologist at the center and its chief technology officer . And they feel "  more comfortable meeting in a replica of the therapy room that they used in real life . " Many also tend to reveal more , or be more direct , in the virtual world -- a phenomenon called "  online disinhibition . "  You can see it in chat rooms too . And different aspects of identity tend to emerge with different mediums , whether text , voice , video or avatar  or in-person  , just as a group setting reveals different things than one-on-one . Avatar-based therapy raises some intriguing questions . For instance : Do clients identify with their avatars ? "  Clients may possibly objectify or distance themselves from their avatar , which in some cases might attenuate the effects of the therapy , " notes John Suler , a psychology professor at Rider University in New Jersey who has studied the topic . But in some cases an avatar might help , he notes . For instance developing an "  observing ego " -- the ability to look at oneself objectively and rationally -- is critical to many kinds of psychotherapy . "  It 's possible that interacting through an avatar might stimulate that observing ego , " he says . The rehab center 's use of the virtual world is , if anything , restrained . Of course not every problem can be addressed in Second Life , such as , Stone feels , psychotic disorders . Immersive worlds help cope with the real world But many therapists believe virtual worlds can help clients deal with fears or addictions and experiment with new behaviors and means of expression . Avatars are not always involved . For instance a virtual world can be immersive , with earphones , wrap-around goggles , vibrating floors or chairs , and even smells , so users feel they 're "  in " the world rather than controlling an avatar moving through it . The former has more power to distract , to the point where in some experiments burn victims have felt reduced pain while immersed . Such setups , however , can get expensive , whereas Second Life is free or low cost , making it an easy way for therapists to experiment with virtual worlds . The U.S. military uses virtual reality to help Iraq War veterans cope with post-traumatic stress disorder . Added to the visual experience are smells and sounds -- like burning rubber and Arabic prayer -- to help trigger flashbacks so they can be dealt with gradually in a safe environment , with a therapist on hand . A California chain called the Virtual Reality Medical Center helps clients overcome a wide range of fears , including of flying , heights , public speaking , closed spaces and spiders . Virtually Better in Georgia has similar offerings . The list goes on , with variations seen around the developed world . But these are still early years , and much remains to be seen and tested when it comes to virtual worlds and psychotherapy . Stone and his team plan to share their findings on the use of Second Life at an American Academy of Psychotherapists event in November . A fair bit of self-help goes on in Second Life , without therapists . For instance some physically disabled users combat depression by flying , dancing and earning a living in the virtual world . Shy types gain real-world confidence in virtual parties . This sort of thing is likely to happen more often . Research firm Gartner estimates that 80 percent of Net users worldwide will be in non-gaming virtual worlds like Second Life by the end of 2011 . Ironically , Internet addiction is also likely to rise -- meaning in some cases one malady could be swapped with another . Not all therapists will go virtual . Many insist on seeing cues like appearance , facial expressions and body language . Some set up shop in Second Life but require a real-world meeting first . Others accept PayPal and offer their services to any avatar or website visitor who happens along . Of course long-term success is rarely a sure thing in psychotherapy , whatever the approach . Back at the rehab center , therapists and clients are easing into virtual reality . Avatar-based therapy is just an option . In any case clients must return to the center at least once . The real center , that is , in Atlanta -- to meet with the real version of their therapist .	Some rehab centers using virtual worlds to complement therapy for addiction Self-help has already been a large feature in Second Life Some psychologists say patients might distance themselves from avatar Others suggest it could provide way to gain some useful objectivity
CNN  -- American intelligence-leaker Edward Snowden applied for temporary asylum in Russia on Tuesday , a move that might soon allow him to leave Moscow 's international airport while the request is considered , a Russian lawyer who helped him with the request told CNN . If the request is granted , Snowden would be able to live in Russia -- and even travel abroad -- for at least a year , lawyer Anatoly Kucherena said . And , despite previous indications that Snowden eventually wanted refuge in Latin America , Kucherena indicated Tuesday that Snowden might take his time in Russia . "  As far as I know , he 's planning to stay in Russia to learn Russian culture , Russian language and  to  live here , " Kucherena said . Kucherena told the state-run RIA Novosti news agency that Snowden "  intends to stay in Russia for now . " "  I asked him  what his plans were  , he does n't plan to go anywhere just yet , " Kucherena said , according to RIA Novosti . This is the latest in a series of steps that Snowden has made in an attempt to establish a life outside the United States , where he faces espionage charges after publicly admitting that he released documents to the media that exposed U.S. mass surveillance programs . Kucherena said Snowden wrote the asylum request Tuesday at Moscow 's Sheremetyevo International Airport , where he has been holed up for the past three weeks because the United States revoked his passport . Russia 's Federal Migration Service could take up to three months to consider Snowden 's request , said Kucherena , a lawyer with a Kremlin advisory body . Interactive map : Snowden 's movements and asylum requests Within a few days , Snowden should receive a certificate showing that the request is under consideration , and that certificate will allow him to legally leave the airport 's transit area , Kucherena said . Putin : Snowden ` shifting position ' on meeting asylum conditions Snowden , a former National Security Agency contractor , left Hawaii for Hong Kong this year and leaked NSA documents to the media , sparking worldwide controversy over U.S. surveillance programs . After he publicly identified himself as the leaker last month , he departed Hong Kong for Russia , where he is believed to have been staying in a transit area of the Moscow airport . Snowden 's application may be a shift in his position . About two weeks ago , he reportedly withdrew a request for asylum in Russia after Russian President Vladimir Putin said Snowden would need to "  stop his work aimed at harming our American partners " if he wanted to stay in the country . But on Friday , in a meeting with human rights activists and lawyers , Snowden reportedly said he wanted temporary asylum in Russia while awaiting safe transit to Latin America , and added that he will not harm the United States in the future . The presidents of Venezuela and Bolivia have said their countries would give him asylum , and Nicaragua 's president said he would offer it "  if circumstances permit . " But he would need the legal ability to travel there -- something that temporary asylum in Russia could give him . Journalist : Snowden has more documents that could harm U.S. Over the weekend , a journalist who first published the leaked documents said that Snowden has more damaging information that could be a "  nightmare " for the U.S. government . Glenn Greenwald of The Guardian told an Argentine newspaper , La Nacion , that releasing more information to hurt the United States is not Snowden 's goal . However , he said , Snowden has a "  large number " of documents about software people use "  without consciously agreeing to surrender their rights to privacy . " Snowden has given copies of the papers to several people , Greenwald told the paper , according to an English translation . "  The U.S. government should be on their knees every day praying that nothing happens to Snowden , because if something happens , all information will be revealed , and that would be their worst nightmare , " he said . Report : Microsoft collaborated closely with NSA CNN "  s Carol Jordan , Joseph Netto and Steve Almasy contributed to this report .	NEW : Lawyer says Edward Snowden could get asylum answer in three months NEW : Snowden might be able to leave airport in days while request is considered NEW : Lawyer indicates Snowden might take time in Russia , despite asylum offers elsewhere Snowden , charged with espionage in U.S. , has been in a Moscow airport for 3 weeks
Human remains discovered last weekend in Albemarle County , Virginia , belong to University of Virginia student Hannah Graham , authorities said Friday . Graham , 18 , went missing before dawn on September 13 after being last spotted on several surveillance cameras in Charlottesville 's Downtown Mall area . Authorities looking Graham found the remains last Saturday on an abandoned property eight miles from where the sophomore was last seen . Graham 's parents , John and Sue , acknowledged the confirmation of the remains ' identity , announced by the Virginia Medical Examiner 's Office and the Albemarle County Police Department . "  When we started this journey together we all hoped for a happier ending , " the couple said in a statement . "  Sadly that was not to be , but due to the tenacity and determination of  Charlottesville Police Chief Timothy  Longo , Hannah is coming home to us and we will be eternally grateful to him for this . "  We are devastated by the loss of our beautiful daughter , " the parents added . Authorities are continuing their investigation , in which an abduction charge has been filed against one man . "  The focus of the investigation now is to determine what charges will be brought and the appropriate time to make those charges , " according to a statement from the office of Albemarle County Commonweath 's Attorney Denise Y. Lunsford . Her office declined to comment further . County police said they were moving "  forward with the death investigation . " "  Our focus is on the investigation and therefore , we will not be answering questions regarding the case or investigation . We do ask that people continue to call in with tips or information , " a county police statement said . The downtown Charlottesville camera footage showed Graham leaving the Tempo Bar at around 2 a.m. on September 13 , as well as a man -- later identified by authorities as Jesse Matthew , 32 -- following her . On September 24 , Matthew was taken into custody while camping on a beach in Galveston , Texas , some 1,300 miles from Charlottesville . He is the only person detained in connection with Graham 's disappearance , charged with abduction with the intent to defile . He has also been linked by forensic evidence to the case of Morgan Harrington , a 20-year-old Virginia Tech student who was last seen hitchhiking along U.S. 29 outside of Charlottesville in October 2009 . She was found dead on a nearby farm the following January . No arrests have been made in Harrington 's case , and the cause of her death still is under investigation . Police , though , did recently seize a cab owned by Matthew that he was driving in Charlottesville in 2009 , a source with knowledge of the investigation told CNN . Matthew 's next court appearance in relation to Graham 's disappearance is scheduled for December 4 . Matthew 's father , Jesse Matthew Sr. , has said that his son would not have harmed Graham . "  For a big man , he 's as gentle as they come , " Jesse Matthew Sr. told CNN affiliate WTVR . "  The only thing I could see , him , maybe trying to give the girl a ride or help her out . To kill or hurt somebody , that 's not my son . " Matthew 's Virginia-based lawyer , James Camblos , has declined to comment . Hannah Graham suspect indicted in 2005 assault	Authorities looking for Graham found the remains last Saturday on an abandoned property The remains are those of University of Virginia student Hannah Graham "  We all hoped for a happier ending , " her parents say
EW.com  -- As a star birthed by YouTube and raised by Twitter , Justin Bieber has never had the luxury of growing up outside the public eye . In the two years between his breakout 2010 LP , "  My World 2.0 , " and "  Believe , " his second proper full-length , Bieber has had to go through cultural puberty and actual puberty â $ " a tough gauntlet by any measure . Luckily , his instincts  or at least the instincts of the small republic of people employed to steer the USS Bieber  are strong , and Believe works surprisingly well as a reinvention and a reintroduction . It 's the rare album that tries to be everything to everyone and largely succeeds . Like his mentor Usher , Bieber fully embraces both Ibiza beats  see dubsteppy bangers " All Around the World " and " Take You "  and urban swagger  Drake and Nicki Minaj each drop by  . Believe also updates his signature sounds . " Catching Feelings " would have been a smooth spoonful of radio sugar on his debut , but the new Bieber turns it into a soulful R&B campfire jam . Biology has robbed him of some of his range , but he makes up for it in confidence : First-gen Bieber could n't have handled the goosebumpy swoop of " Fall , " but this JB turns it into the album 's profound emotional climax . It 's a prime showcase for his new voice and burgeoning mettle , proving that Bieber is n't just maturing , he 's evolving . B + Best Tracks : Syncopated Boyfriend Blustery ballad Fall See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	It 's the rare album that tries to be everything to everyone and largely succeeds Like his mentor Usher , Bieber fully embraces both Ibiza beats and urban swagger Bieber makes up for reduced range with more confidence
Thirteen deaths have been reported to the Food and Drug Administration as "  adverse events " after the consumption of the dietary supplement 5-hour ENERGY , according to an FDA statement . While anyone can report an adverse event , and although no cause-and-effect relationship has been established , the FDA said it is investigating , as is required by law . A report does not mean a product is responsible for or that it contributed to any health issue . "  If we find a relationship between consumption of the product and harm , FDA will take appropriate action to reduce or eliminate the risk , " the FDA said . "  While the FDA investigates all reports to the best of its ability , it does not always have access to all the information needed to conclusively determine the cause of the event . " As a dietary supplement , 5-hour ENERGY is not required to disclose the amount of caffeine in its 2-ounce "  energy shot . " Instead , the 5-hour ENERGY label lists 1,870 milligrams of an "  Energy Blend , " which includes caffeine , taurine and other ingredients . A ConsumerLab.com analysis found about 207 milligrams of caffeine in one 5-hour ENERGY . Red Bull , by comparison , contains about 80 milligrams of caffeine in an 8.4-ounce can , while a 16-ounce grande Starbucks Pike Place brewed coffee contains about 330 milligrams of caffeine . The distributor of 5-hour ENERGY , Living Essentials LLC , said in a statement : "  We recommend on product labels and the 5-hour ENERGY website that individuals consume no more than two bottles of 5-hour ENERGY shots per day , spaced several hours apart . Consumers who have caffeine sensitivities should consult with a physician before taking and can consider the ` decaf ' version . " Last month , the parents of Anais Fournier , 14 , filed a lawsuit alleging that she died after drinking two Monster Energy drinks in a 24-hour period . In her case , an underlying heart condition was complicated by caffeine toxicity , according to the death certificate . Whether the 13 deaths preliminarily linked to 5-Hour ENERGY were similarly complicated by other medical conditions is under investigation . In addition to the deaths , there have been a total of 92 patient reports , including 33 hospitalizations , reported as 5-Hour ENERGY adverse events , according to the FDA .	FDA : 3 deaths have been preliminarily linked to 5-hour ENERGY supplement No cause-and-effect relationship has been established , according to the FDA The company is not required to disclose the amount of caffeine in its "  energy shot "
Madrid  CNN  -- The death of Osama bin Laden "  is not the death of terrorism , unfortunately , " U.S. Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano told CNN at an international security conference Thursday . Al Qaeda has been reaching out with "  English-language publications and the like , " prompting an increase in the number of individual potential terrorists , she said . U.S. counterterror strategy now includes both "  widening our borders " by preventing potential terrorists abroad from boarding planes to the United States as well as dealing with "  this growth of homegrown extremism , " she said . Napolitano was speaking a day after President Barack Obama 's counterterror adviser outlined key points of the new strategy . John Brennan called it "  the first counterterrorism strategy that designates the homeland as a primary area of emphasis in our counterterrorism efforts . " "  We are doing everything in our power to prevent another terrorist attack on our soil ... it 's not enough to simply be prepared for attacks , we have to be resilient and recover quickly should an attack occur , " he said . Napolitano is in Spain to discuss terrorism and security with the interior ministers of France , Germany , Italy , Poland , Spain and the United Kingdom . CNN Senior Producer Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	The United States still needs strong anti-terror strategies , she says The strategy includes measures abroad and at home It 's the first time the homeland has been the primary focus , a top official says Obama 's counterterror adviser outlined key points on Wednesday
CNN  -- South African paceman Dale Steyn took four wickets as India struggled to 183 for six wickets on a truncated first day of the second Test at Kingsmead on Sunday . For the second successive match of the three-Test series , India were sent in to bat in helpful bowling conditions for the home side and again struggled . Styen , wth his pace and movement , proved a particular handful after the start was delayed by rain . India , the world 's No.1-ranked Test team , need a win to keep the series alive after a crushing defeat at Centurion , but showed little signs of a revival . England in command in Ashes Test at MCG Steyn claimed both openers , Virender Sehwag  25  and Murali Vijay  19  , in a spell of two for 19 in eight overs before lunch and added the wickets of Rahul Dravid  25  and VVS Laxman  38  during the afternoon session . Left-armer Lonwabo Tsotsobe chipped in with the prize scalp Sachin Tendulkar , caught behind for 13 in the first over after lunch . Tendulkar made his 50th Test century to provide rare cheer for India in their innings defeat in the first match , but could not repeat his heroics . Tsotsobe claimed his second wicket just before tea as he removed Cheteshwar Pujara for 19 . He also caught Laxman superbly off Steyn 's bowling as India reached tea on 168 for six wickets . Only a few overs were possible in the final session before bad light brought a premature close with Indian captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni progressing to 20 not out and Harbhajan Singh on 15 India made three changes with Vijay , Pujara and Zaheer Khan coming in for the injured Gautam Gambhir , Suresh Raina and Jaidev Unadkat with South Africa keeping faith with the same team .	India struggle to 183 for six wickets on weather-hit first day of second Test in Durban South African paceman Dale Steyn takes four wickets after India put in South Africa lead three-Test series 1-0 after innings victory at Centurion
CNN  -- When you think back to your favorite TV memories , often music is intertwined . Whether it 's the theme song from "  Gilligan 's Island , " "  M * A * S * H , " "  Cheers " or "  Batman , " it 's often the thing people remember more than anything else about a show . But were they ever on the same level with , say , the themes from "  Star Wars " or "  The Godfather ? " Over the past decade , we 've seen the rise of television as prestige entertainment . And we 've had memorable theme music to go along with it , from "  The Sopranos " to "  Dexter " to "  Mad Men . " Two of the most noteworthy themes from the recent era , "  Battlestar Galactica " and "  The Walking Dead , " come from the mind of young Emmy award-winning composer Bear McCreary , who has been in demand ever since "  Battlestar . " For example , he won that Emmy for the Starz TV series "  Da Vinci 's Demons , " and most recently , he 's composed the theme for the high-profile network series "  Marvel 's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. " and the upcoming Starz series "  Black Sails . " McCreary recently spoke to CNN about what goes into TV music in the 21st century , and whether it now stands shoulder to shoulder with movie scoring . CNN : How did you first find yourself in this line of work ? Bear McCreary : I 've never wanted to do anything else for as long as I can remember . When I was a kid , I loved film and television and loved music . I was always keenly aware of music in film and television , more so than anyone else I knew . When I 'd go see a movie , my friends would talk about the cool spaceships  and later , the hot chicks  . But for me , I would talk about how Jerry Goldsmith used the French horns instead of the English horns to signify a different character , or what Danny Elfman or Elmer Bernstein was doing . These were my heroes growing up , so it never occurred to me to do anything else with my life . It was predestined almost . I 'm very lucky that I got into it , because there 's literally nothing else I would be interested in doing in my life . My first project was "  Battlestar Galactica , " which put me on the map in a big way in science fiction . Even the horror and suspense genres , action shows -- I do a lot of work in that environment . When  creator  David Goyer called me about doing "  Da Vinci 's Demons , " it was the first time I was asked to do a historical period piece , so I leapt at the opportunity . One of the things that makes it different -- when you 're doing regular TV , or science fiction especially , you ca n't really argue with how music sounds . You can do whatever you want . It does n't mean it 's always tasteful , but there 's no right or wrong . I really wanted to embrace the restrictions of that time period -- Renaissance instrumentation , Renaissance melodies -- I really wanted to evoke that period . The problem was Goyer wanted to do the opposite of that . It was a very modern adventure show . What ended up happening is actually a hybrid of both ideas . We ended up with this unique hybrid . When you hear it , ends up sounding like the show -- it does n't sound like anything else . CNN : At what point in the process of making a TV episode is the music composed ? McCreary : I definitely know what 's coming . I 'm aware of where the stories are going . But ultimately that 's to get some preliminary ideas in the back of my mind . I look at the finished video to figure out what it needs -- are there shortcomings ? Are there storylines not quite being communicated ? And that 's when I sit with the showrunners and get from them what they want the audience to feel and what stories they want to track . Then I go back to my studio to add all that narrative connective tissue in a language that still stays true to the sound of the show . CNN : "  The Walking Dead " has a memorably haunting theme . How did you approach making music for the apocalypse ? McCreary : It 's funny , I had dealt with the end of the world in "  Battlestar Galactica , " "  Caprica , " "  Terminator : The Sarah Connor Chronicles . " Even with "  Eureka , " I had done it . After a while , I had a feeling , wow , I 'm the end of the world guy ! With "  The Walking Dead , " I wanted to focus on the opposite of that . I wanted to let the apocalyptic events unfold naturally . I try to focus on the actors ' performance and try to support them . They 're the ones who react -- they are us . When Rick crawls out of the hospital for the first time among all the bodies , the music -- given what he 's seen and probably smelled at that time -- is pretty reserved . And that I think also heightens the tension . Horror is a particularly tricky genre for television . It 's hard enough to scare an audience and keep them on the edge of their seat for two hours . You really have to pull out a lot of tricks to do that . We 're on hour 50 of "  The Walking Dead " and these producers are keeping people on their toes , and keeping things fresh and keeping it scary . So a subtle approach helps that , because when you have a really long duration story , you want to conserve your energy as much as possible . CNN : What is your favorite type of scene to score ? Your most challenging scene ? McCreary : It 's very hard to say . I thrive on diversity . Action scenes are fun until you do a million of them . Emotional scenes are great until you get too many in a row . My favorite type of scene is one that has layers to it , narratively . I like scenes that when I look at them , it 's not obvious what the music should be doing . Should it be scary ? Should it be funny ? What is the character thinking ? If the slightest shift in the music will make you feel sympathy to one person over another , that 's really fun and that puts the composer in a powerful position . There was a cue in "  The Walking Dead " -- in the third season , the fourth episode , a major character died . I 'm a bit of a method actor when I write , I ca n't write music for a scene without completely taking myself to this emotion and trying to channel my feelings into music . When people watched it , they were gutted and heartbroken when they saw this scene . I had to watch it probably 70 times . I would be weeping sometimes , my stomach hurt . I was truly miserable doing that scene . But the key turned out pretty good and moved people . Those sort of scenes are not fun to do . The process is not my idea of a good time , but the rewards are much higher . CNN : What are your favorite TV themes of all time ? McCreary : The first TV theme that really popped up for me was "  The Simpsons . " Danny Elfman 's interesting , harmonic take , using the tritone , which sounded a little weird . I remember picking that up on the piano and wondering why that note was weird . What stoked me as a kid was "  Mission : Impossible . " It is in 5/4 . It is one of the handful of famous television theme songs that are not in 4/4 or 3/4 . No one realized what they were hearing . It 's very sophisticated scoring . CNN : Where do you think TV music is today ? McCreary :  TV has  been a proving ground for actors , writers and directors . It 's changing -- it 's less the training ground to hone your skills and go onto movies . Now , you get good at your skill and you get onto really incredible television shows . The scores on TV are so satisfying . For me -- to take it back to "  Da Vinci " -- it feels like a bit of a renaissance in the industry . CNN : I saw that they recently created an instrument based on Leonardo da Vinci 's design -- a hybrid of a piano and cello . McCreary : I heard about the designs on the codex for this and planned to build this and do something with it for a future episode , having no idea this guy had built it . Of course I was thrilled when this went up on the social media radar . It just puts Leonardo as a pop culture figure in the mainstream -- though he never really left . The mechanics are different , like a rotating keyboard and the hurdy-gurdy engine . David Goyer and I are talking about it and we 've got some ideas cooking .	Music and theme songs continue to be among the most memorable parts of TV With the arrival of prestige TV series , music on television is also gaining in esteem Young Emmy-winning composer Bear McCreary sees a "  renaissance in the industry "
CNN  -- One of the most memorable moments in the Democratic presidential primaries came last year when a debate moderator asked Joe Biden about his reputation for talking too much . Sen. Joe Biden credits his mother with teaching him to stand up for the little guy . The moderator asked Biden , who was described by the Los Angeles Times as a "  gaffe machine , " if he could reassure voters that he would have enough verbal discipline needed for the world stage . "  Yes , " Biden replied with a grin and a twinkle in his eyes . The moderator , NBC anchorman Brian Williams , waited for Biden to elaborate , but a still-grinning Biden said nothing more . Nervous titters spread through the crowd until the audience erupted in laughter . The Democratic presidential nominee Barack Obama may be known for his eloquence . But Biden , his vice presidential running mate , can handle himself behind the podium as well . He is known for his ability to throw a verbal punch . Biden , often called the "  scrappy kid from Scranton , " Pennsylvania , once described as "  bulls ** t " and "  malarkey " President Bush 's alleged implication that Obama wanted to appease terrorists by talking to nations that Washington considers terrorist states . He delivered this savage putdown of former Republican presidential candidate Rudy Giuliani : "  There 's only three things he mentions in a sentence : a noun , a verb and 9/11 . " See Biden campaign photos " Yet Biden 's frankness can end up hurting him more than his intended target . During the Democratic presidential primaries , he was widely criticized for describing Obama as "  the first mainstream African-American who is articulate and bright and clean . " More recently , Biden attracted attention for telling a crowd that Sen. Hillary Clinton "  might have been a better pick " as Obama 's running mate . Biden has weathered plenty of public bruises during his 36 years as a politician . But his private battles have been even more dramatic . See timeline of Biden 's life " Jeffrey Rosen , writing for The New Republic magazine , said Biden 's willingness to mix it up comes from his working-class upbringing in Scranton during the 1950s . Biden 's father managed a car dealership and lectured his son at the dinner table about the horrors of the Holocaust . His dad once quit his job when he saw his boss throw silver dollars on the floor and watched his employees scramble for them , Rosen said . Biden 's mother taught her son to stand up for the little guy as well , Rosen said , before highlighting a passage from Biden 's autobiography , "  Promises to Keep : On Life and Politics . " "  The one thing my mother could not stand was meanness , " Biden writes . "  She once shipped my brother off with instructions to bloody the nose of a kid who was picking on smaller kids . Religious figures and authority figures got no exemption . They abuse their power , you bloody their nose . " Biden took that pugnacious attitude into the political arena . After earning a law degree from Syracuse University , he won a Senate seat at age 29 representing Delaware in 1972 -- in a surprise victory . He eventually became the chairman of the powerful Judiciary and Foreign Relations committees , establishing himself as an authority on national security issues and the Supreme Court . In the 1980s , Biden led the Judiciary Committee through the explosive hearing for controversial conservative Judge Robert Bork . In 2005 , one of Biden 's distinctive moments on that committee came when he questioned Supreme Court chief justice nominee John Roberts during the confirmation hearings . Roberts , who would eventually sail through the hearings , had told committee members that he was not an ideologue but more like a judicial umpire who called balls and strikes . "  As much as I respect your metaphor , it 's not very apt , because you get to determine the strike zone , " Biden told Roberts . Biden first ran for president in 1988 but dropped out after charges of plagiarism in a stump speech . He also ran for the Oval Office this year but dropped out after a poor showing in the Iowa caucuses . He 's serving his sixth congressional term , making him Delaware 's longest-serving senator . Biden 's private battles , though , have shaped him more profoundly than his political skirmishes . He overcame a stuttering problem as a child . In 1988 , he had surgery for a brain aneurysm . A Roman Catholic , Biden carries a rosary and kept one under his pillow during brain surgery , according to People magazine . Watch Biden 's sister describe how he fought his stuttering " His most wrenching private struggle took place at the beginning of his political career in 1972 . His first wife and infant daughter were killed in a car wreck . In an interview with CNN 's Abbie Boudreau , Biden said he even considered quitting politics after the loss of his wife and daughter . Boudreau asked Biden to read a passage from his autobiography to explain how he moved on to marry his current spouse , Jill . Watch Biden 's emotional reading from his book " The passage recounts a moment when he asked his current wife , Jill , how she could marry him when she knew he had adored his first wife . "  She did n't hesitate , " Biden said , reading from his book . "  That 's the reason I can marry you . Anybody that can love that deeply once can do it again . " Biden swallowed hard , cleared his throat and looked down after he read that passage . Then he looked up again , his eyes welling with tears . He told Boudreau that his wife "  gave me permission to be me again . " "  I know that sounds corny , " Biden said . "  But she really did . ... She brought me back . " Biden looked down again and said nothing more . For once , he was at a loss for words .	Los Angeles Times called Sen. Joe Biden a "  gaffe machine " Biden 's willingness to mix it up comes from his working-class upbringing Biden described Bush charge about talking to "  terrorists " as "  bulls ** t " Biden took on conservative Supreme Court nominee Robert Bork , and won
CNN  An American was injured in a shooting Friday near a royal palace in Saudi Arabia 's Eastern Province , the U.S. Embassy in Riyadh said . The embassy said two U.S. citizens were fired on near the palace in Hofuf , Saudi Arabia . "  One was wounded . There has been no fatality , " a statement from the embassy reads . No names were immediately released , and information about what led to the shooting and the assailant 's identity was n't available . "  Security forces are investigating , and the embassy is seeking further information about the incident , " the statement reads .	Two U.S. citizens fired on near a royal palace in Hofuf , Saudi Arabia , U.S. Embassy says "  Security forces are investigating , " embassy says
CNN  -- A Navy training jet crashed in a north Georgia forest on Monday , killing at least three people aboard and setting more than 10 acres of woodland ablaze , local and federal authorities said . A fourth person aboard the jet was unaccounted for Monday night , said Harry White , spokesman for the Naval Air Station in Pensacola , Florida . The cause of the crash was under investigation . FAA spokeswoman Kathleen Bergen said the crash of the twin-engine T-39N trainer caused no injuries on the ground . It went down just north of Morganton , Georgia , about 80 miles north of Atlanta , Fannin County Sheriff 's Maj. Keith Bosen said . "  We got reports that it was flying pretty low , " Bosen said . The plane had flown north-northeast over the nearby town of Blue Ridge before it went down about 4:40 p.m. , he said . The mountainous area is ringed by national forest land , and the crash set the surrounding woods on fire . "  We have about a 10 - to 15-acre fire still working at this time , " Bosen said . The T-39N took off from Pensacola Naval Air Station in Florida , about 400 miles south of Morganton , Bergen said . The jet is a military version of Rockwell 's twin-engine Saberliner executive aircraft . CNN 's Nick Valencia , Devon Sayers and Larry Shaughnessy contributed to this report .	Crash of twin-engine T-39N trainer causes no injuries on the ground Crash causes about 10 to 15 acres of forest to be set ablaze Navy jet goes down just north of Morganton , about 80 miles north of Atlanta T-39N took off from Pensacola Naval Air Station in Florida
London  CNN  -- Outside a modest redbrick block behind the Harrods department store in west London , a media circus is taking place . Well-to-do shoppers laden with bags side-step the TV crews clogging the pavement , asking what all the fuss is about . This is no ordinary apartment block but the Ecuadorian Embassy where WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange has just been granted asylum in that country and is holed up inside the building . Assange supporters sport ' V for Vendetta ' masks and pump revolutionary anthems including Rage Against the Machine 's "  We are Legion " and Rick Astley 's "  Never Gon na Give You Up . " Scuffles broke out earlier between campaigners and police officers , captured on film by 10 times as many cameramen and watched by handfuls of resigned-looking residents . Reporters pack the alleyway beside the building , in case Assange makes a bid for freedom in a getaway car . But CNN 's Atika Shubert at the scene says this is the same alleyway used by Harrods ' delivery trucks . The Australian sought refuge at the embassy on June 19 in a bid to avoid extradition to Sweden where he is wanted for questioning over accusations he sexually assaulted two women . Explaining the reasons for granting asylum , Ecuadorian Foreign Minister Ricardo PatiÃ ± o said Thursday there is credible fear that if Assange is sent to Sweden , he could be subsequently extradited to the United States , where he could be charged with espionage and treason . Assange published thousands of secret U.S. government documents in 2010 . We know he is still tweeting . At 2.30 pm London time he posted his thanks to the Ecuador Government in Spanish : "  Gracias a Ecuador y ustedes . " He may have seen supporting tweets from across the world , such as that from documentary filmmaker Michael Moore who urged campaigners to rise up : "  OccupyWallSt calls for people to head over to British consulate in NYC now 2 protest UK threat to raid Ecuador embassy . " The British Government insists the UK still has a legal obligation to extradite Assange to Sweden . As the British Foreign Office tweeted : "  We are disappointed by the statement from Ecuador 's Foreign Minister that #Ecuador has offered political asylum to Julian #Assange . " It is a sentiment that prompted the Ecuadorian Foreign Minister Ricardo PatiÃ ± o to hit back : "  We are not a British colony . Those times are passed . " Sweden 's foreign minister Carl Bildt however , remained pragmatic , posting : "  Our firm legal and constitutional system guarantees the rights of each and everyone . We firmly reject any accusations to the contrary . " Meanwhile , the Assange gags continue to roll in on social media . Photos of taxi drivers apparently called to the Ecuadorian Embassy with signs to pick up one Julian Assange have been retweeted hundreds of times . Then there 's Darth Vadar , who joked on Twitter : "  Ecuador gave WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange assylum . Apparently , Wookieeleaks founder , Chewbacca , is heading there now too . " Atika Shubert contributed to this report	The modest Ecuador Embassy has become the site of a media circus Julian Assange supporters scuffle with police and pump revolutionary anthems Perplexed shoppers from nearby Harrods side-step the gathered TV crews Twitter lights up with support , government lines , and gags
CNN Student News  -- April 9 , 2014 This Wednesday , CNN Student News discusses the issue of equal pay , and we dive into the rugged topography of the ocean floor . Less than two weeks before the 2014 Boston Marathon , we report on how a victim of last year 's terrorist bombings has recovered with the support of her city . We also explore how electrical stimulation is helping people who are paralyzed . And we just ca n't put off a report about how procrastination may be in people 's genes ! On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : What reliable sources could you seek out for information on specific job salaries ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . equal pay 2 . Boston Marathon 3 . procrastination Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . What is an executive order ? What executive orders did President Obama sign yesterday regarding equal pay ? In what way are these orders limited ? Who would have to approve a law that went beyond the limits of an executive order ? When were laws regarding equal pay first passed ? According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics , on average , how much does a woman working full-time earn for every dollar a man earns in the U.S. ? How can the income gap vary by profession ? 2 . According to the video , why is optimism fading in the search for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 ? How far into the water would search vehicles have to travel to find wreckage ? What do we know about the ocean 's terrain ? How does sound travel differently in water ? What factors affect sound in the water ? How might the cold water temperatures help investigators ? 3 . What tragedy occurred at last year 's Boston Marathon ? How has her city helped survivor Adrianne Haslet-Davis come through this tragedy ? What are some of the experiences that have helped her ? 4 . How is electrical stimulation allowing Dustin Shillcox to do things he was physically unable to do ? How does the implanted device work ? What are its limitations ? According to the neuroscientist in the video , why is this a promising approach ? 5 . What does it mean to procrastinate ? What does a recent University of Colorado Boulder study say about the tendency to procrastinate ? What did the study find about people who tend to procrastinate ? What are some ways to avoid procrastinating ? Discussion Questions : 1 . Why do you think that in some professions , there are inequalities in pay for women and men ? How do you think this could be addressed ? Do you think the president 's executive orders effectively address the inequality ? Explain . Why do you think he announced these actions at this point in time ? 2 . In the aftermath of the Boston Marathon bombings , we heard the phrase "  Boston Strong . " What do you think this means ? Has your community or neighborhood ever faced a tragedy or natural disaster ? If so , how did members of the community support each other in time of need ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
Texas on Wednesday became the latest state to have a federal judge strike down its same-sex marriage ban , thanks to a sweeping decision holding that its current prohibition has no "  legitimate governmental purpose . " The ruling , by San Antonio-based Judge Orlando Garcia , will not take effect immediately : Its enforcement has been stayed while the case works its way through the appeal process , meaning same-sex couples in Texas can not get married for the time being . Still , gay rights supporters and activists believe the judgment -- because of what it says , how it follows similar rulings in other states and where it happened , in one of the most conservative states in the country -- has special significance . Texas Democratic Party chairman Gilberto Hinojosa called Wednesday "  a historic day for the LGBT community and the state of Texas , " while the National Gay and Lesbian Task Force 's head predicted the ruling "  hastens the day when all loving couples who simply want the ability to share the benefits and responsibilities of marriage can . " Victor Holmes , one of the four plaintiffs that brought the lawsuit , pumped his fist in the air and cried "  woo hoo ! " in reaction to what he called "  an awesome first step . " "  Growing up ,  with  my mom and dad , I envied their marriage because I really did n't think that I would be able to have something like that , " Holmes , a 23-year U.S. Air Force veteran , said alongside his partner Mark Phariss . "  And now ... reading that decision , it really was the first time I realized that , yeah , I can . " Those on the other side of the debate , meanwhile , are promising to keep fighting . Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott said his office will challenge the ruling , which would be heard by a federal appeals court in New Orleans . The Republican is running for governor , with early primary voting now in full swing and the full primary election set for March 4 . "  The U.S. Supreme Court has ruled over and over again that states have the authority to define and regulate marriage , " said Abbott . "  The Texas Constitution defines marriage as between one man and one woman . " Gov. Rick Perry , who is not running for re-election , offered even more forceful remarks , insisting that the 10th Amendment of the U.S. Constitution "  guarantees Texas voters the freedom " to decide on the parameters for marriage . "  Texans spoke loud and clear by overwhelmingly voting to define marriage as a union between a man and a woman ... , and it is not the role of the federal government to overturn the will of our citizens , " said Perry , an outspoken conservative who ran for president in 2012 . " ... This is yet another attempt to achieve via the courts what could n't be achieved at the ballot box . " In November 2005 , Texas became the 19th state to adopt a constitutional amendment banning gay marriage . Whether homosexual couples should be allowed to wed like heterosexual ones was a hot-button issue then and in subsequent years , with polls showing that most Americans favored restrictions . But public opinion shifted over time . A CNN/ORC International survey last June found a majority -- 55 % -- of Americans back same-sex marriage , up 11 percentage points from 2008 . A total of 17 states now allow such legal unions , due to actions by voters , state courts or their legislatures . Federal courts have also helped move the needle on the issue , especially over the past year . The most significant such move came last June , when the Supreme Court rejected parts of the Defense of Marriage Act while ruling same-sex spouses legally married in a state may receive federal benefits . The justices did n't go as far as saying that all states must allow such marriages to take place within their borders , but a number of lower federal courts have since stepped in to the fray . Federal judges have ruled that gay marriage bans in Virginia , Kentucky , Oklahoma and Utah violate the U.S. Constitution . Judge Garcia echoed his colleagues Wednesday with respect to Texas , saying that "  equal treatment of all individuals under the law is not merely an aspiration it is a constitutional mandate . " "  The Texas law  is unconstitutional because , without a rational relationship to a legitimate governmental purpose , it denies same-sex couples the benefits , dignity and value of celebrating marriage and having their out-of-state marriage recognized , " the judge said . In his ruling , Garcia raised notable arguments from some supporters of same-sex marriage bans : that allowing such unions would hurt children raised in them , that it would stifle procreation and that it "  could lead to the recognition of bigamy , incest , pedophilia and group marriage . " The judge then shot down the defense 's case . "  Procreation is not and has never been a qualification for marriage " and "  tradition , alone , can not form a rational basis for a law . " Texas has "  the ` unquestioned authority ' to regulate and define marriage , " but only "  in a way that does not infringe on an individual 's constitutional rights , " Garcia added . "  It is clear that  the four plaintiffs  suffer humiliation and discriminatory treatment under the law on the basis of their sexual orientation , and this stigmatic harm flows directly from Texas ' ban on same-sex marriage , " the judge wrote . "  Texas ' law also  causes needless stigmatization and humiliation for children being raised by the loving same-sex couples being targeted . " After the ruling , all the key players acknowledged the fight is n't over . Ultimately , it may fall to the Supreme Court to decide whether the gay marriage bans in Texas and a host of other states are legal under the U.S. Constitution . For now , though , the Texas plaintiffs are celebrating . Phariss says the courts ' decision "  are going to put an end " to stories like his as a youngster , going to bed "  knowing they 're gay and praying that they wo n't wake up . " That sentiment was echoed by Nicole Dimetman , who is raising a child with her partner and fellow plaintiff Cleopatra De Leon . "  It 's a huge victory for us , but it is also a victory for young people that do n't have to go through the process that we all went through growing up -- of daring to dream , " Dimetman told reporters . "  They will have the same dreams from the time that they 're little that their parents had . And I think that that 's amazing . " Map : Same-sex marriage in the United States Fast Facts : Same-sex marriage Arizona 's decision on anti-gay bill unlikely to end religious liberty movement	A plaintiff calls the ruling an "  awesome first step , " noting an appeal is coming Judge : Same-sex ban has "  no rational relation " to legitimate government Texas governor calls ruling a case of federal courts impeding on state rights This is the latest court ruling overturning laws forbidding gay and lesbians from legal wedlock
CNN  -- Bluegrass music legend Doc Watson , a Grammy winner known for his flatpicking and fingerstyle technique on the guitar , remained in critical condition at a hospital in Winston-Salem , North Carolina , his representative said Saturday . Watson , 89 , had colon surgery at Wake Forest Baptist Medical Center , according to a post Thursday on the website of Folklore Productions , which is run by the singer 's representative , Mitch Greenhill . A day later , Greenhill said Watson was "  resting and responsive " at the hospital in central North Carolina . "  He has regained some strength , " Greenhill said Friday on the website . "  The family appreciates everyone 's prayers and good wishes . " Greenhill posted another update Saturday morning stating that Watson was "  resting after  a  follow-up procedure " to Thursday 's surgery and was still in critical condition . Jumping onto the music scene in the early 1960s , Watson is considered influential among folk musicians for his brand of bluegrass , blues , country and gospel music . He has won seven Grammy awards and a Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award . Born Arthel Lane Watson in Deep Gap , North Carolina , Watson was blinded from an eye infection as a baby . He toured with his son Merle before his death after a farming accident in 1985 , and has continually played at an annual festival called MerleFest in his son 's honor . Watson has credited his own father for helping him get his start in music . "  One day he brought  a banjo  to me and put it in my hand and said , ` Son , I want you to learn how to play this thing real well , " Watson told National Public Radio 's Terry Gross in 1988 . "  It might help you get through the world . " CNN 's Jane Caffrey and Denise Quan contributed to this report .	NEW : Doc Watson is in critical condition and resting after a follow-up procedure , his rep says Watson , 89 , is recovering from colon surgery at Wake Forest Baptist Medical Center Born in Deep Gap , North Carolina , Watson was blinded from an eye infection as a baby The multiple Grammy winner is known for his flatpicking and fingerstyle technique
CNN  -- The bloodied bodies lay stuffed and tangled in the back of a pickup like garbage . Men lifted the bodies one by one and hurled from them from a bridge into a river below as cursing filled the air . "  Brother of a whore ! " they shouted as the corpses splashed and the water ran red . "  Animals ! " "  Dogs ! " At one point , a voice asks mockingly , "  This is a soldier ? " Report : Syrian army stretched amid uprising This scene , said to have been shot in Syria , surfaced in a video on YouTube , where images of anti-government ferment and violence have emerged consistently since unrest started in the nation in mid-March . CNN could not verify the authenticity of the video , but it illustrates the hostility of the nearly five-month-old conflict across Syria between regime forces and anti-government protesters . It is not clear who the victims were . Were they among the 1,600 civilians or 370 security forces slain in the unrest ? The posting on the video says the bodies are anti-government forces being dumped by thugs loyal to President Bashar al-Assad . Syrian state TV has aired the video , saying that the bodies are being dumped by anti-government protesters . A banner said the incident took place in Hama over the Orontes River . Razan Zaitouneh , a Syrian activist , said activists doubt the incident could have happened at the Hama location because the river is dry at this time of year . But one prominent anti-government activist , who asked not to be named because of the dangers that could arise from the release of the information , told CNN the state TV account was correct . The bodies are those of Syrian secret police killed by Syrian fighters from Iraq who have joined the anti-government fight , said the activist , who gets information about the goings-on in Syria from an extensive network of informants . That same activist stressed that the antagonists are not representative of the protest movement . Violent fringe elements have appeared during the Syrian tumult . One study last month from the International Crisis Group said some anti-government elements have taken up arms . However , that report said , "  the vast majority of casualties have been peaceful protesters , and the vast majority of the violence has been perpetrated by the security services . " The activist said the emergence of this video is a double-edged sword for protesters . On the one hand , the peaceful demonstrators need to become aware of the existence of fringe elements , he said . This would encourage more people to reject both the regime and these types of attacks and maintain the aims of peaceful protest , he said . At the same time , he added , the incident gives credence to the Syrian government 's assertion that it is targeting "  armed gangs . " Such violence , he said , could cause the international community to hesitate in continuing its mounting pressure against the Syrian regime .	YouTube video shows men tossing bodies into a river The incident is said to have occurred in Hama There is evidence of a violent fringe element amid anti-government forces Syrian state TV airs video , claiming it 's of rebels dumping loyalists
Washington  CNN  -- Virginia GOP Rep. Randy Forbes on Wednesday became the first member of Congress to call for U.S. Secret Service Director Mark Sullivan to step down due to a prostitution scandal involving eleven agents that has raised questions about security at the agency . "  There are only so many strikes you get -- in baseball it 's three , " Forbes told CNN . "  I think  Sullivan 's  had three . I think it 's time to put somebody else in there to make sure we 're getting a different culture in the Secret Service . " Forbes , a senior member of the House Armed Services Committee , cited an earlier security breach at a White House state dinner involving the Salahis , a couple who got through security without an invitation . He also noted the agency 's recent inability to remain within its budget . There needs to be "  change at the top , " Forbes stressed . But House Armed Services Committee Chairman Buck McKeon , R-California , disagreed with Forbes , telling reporters he did n't think the head of the agency should be held responsible . "  I think that 's a reach ... to go after the head of an organization because a few guys mess up , " McKeon said Wednesday . Forbes said the security issues were serious , and Congress needed to be more involved in finding out what happened in Colombia . "  We are n't just talking about one prostitute . We are talking about a bus load of prostitutes that they 're bringing in , " Forbes said . Eleven Secret Service agents are allegedly involved in the scandal , along with several members of the U.S. military . The agents were in Colombia in advance of a visit by President Barack Obama . The alleged prostitutes , the youngest of whom were in their early 20s , had all signed in at Cartagena 's Hotel El Caribe , flashing their local IDs . One of the women , a source said , became involved in a dispute with Secret Service personnel about how much she was to be paid . That dispute brought the incident to light . "  This is kind of security planning 101 , " Forbes said . "  It is the basic core fundamental , and the big concern I have is that it is n't just Americans looking into this . It is the rest of the world , and so I think it is time we jump on this and do something about it . " The Virginia Republican said he is confident the Pentagon is capable of handling its component of the investigation -- as many as ten members of the military have been implicated in the scandal . But Forbes does n't have the same level of trust in agencies outside the military , and said he planned to urge the head of the House Judiciary Committee to hold hearings into the matter . The Senate Judiciary Committee , meanwhile , has announced it will hold a hearing on the matter next Wednesday . Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano has been invited to testify . The Secret Service is part of the Homeland Security Department . Like Forbes , McKeon believes that the Pentagon is "  very capable " of doing its own probe of members of the military who may be involved . He does n't see a role for Congress in the matter . "  I do n't think Congress needs to jump in to start trying to fix something that we do n't even know what the problem is yet , " McKeon said . But McKeon said he would likely raise the issue with Defense Secretary Leon Panetta when he meets with Panetta before the secretary 's scheduled appearance before the House Armed Services Committee on Thursday .	Virginia Rep. Randy Forbes is the first member of Congress to call on the Secret Service head to resign Forbes , a Republican , says "  change at the top " is necessary The head of the House Armed Services Committee disagrees with Forbes 11 Secret Service agents are allegedly involved in a prostitution scandal in Colombia
CNN  -- Just when you think we 're becoming civilized and smarter about our knowledge of gender , you get a stupid decision such as the one from the Iowa Supreme Court and you wonder whether sanity will ever reign . I thought we had decided the issue that men 's "  uncontrollable lust " was indeed controllable , and if they did n't control it , they were going to be charged and convicted of sexual harassment , rape , frottage -- well you get the idea . So now the all-male Iowa Supreme Court has said , albeit in a new way , that men are so controlled by their gonads that they can fire an employee at will for being able to incite attraction , sex , love , whatever . No matter that she is just going about her job or being a stellar employee ; if she 's got a cute butt or a nicely turned nose , her job is history . If you have n't heard , the court stood by an earlier ruling that a Fort Dodge dentist acted legally when he fired his dental assistant -- even while acknowledging she had been an excellent employee for 10 years -- because he and his wife were afraid he would try to start an affair with her and ruin their marriage . The employee had sued for sex discrimination . But the court said firing an employee for being too attractive , despite no inappropriate behavior on her part , is not sex discrimination because gender is not the issue . Feelings are . Do n't tell me this has nothing to do with gender . I do n't see women firing men because they ca n't control themselves . Is this because they do n't have manly kind of urges ? Or is it because they do n't have access to the same excuses , such as uncontrollable attraction and desire ? Either way , it 's a gender issue . And if a woman is denied employment because of her gender , that is a protected legal status . But the Iowa Supreme Court guys did n't see it that way . By the way , Iowa women : Is this enough to motivate you to get some women on your Supreme Court ? The guys saw the issue , at least in part , as protecting the institution of marriage rather than an infringement on a woman 's right to work . Let 's be real honest here : If the only way this man and woman could protect their marriage is to remove an attractive woman from their midst , then I 'd say this marriage has a lot more problems than just an attractive dental assistant . What is this dentist 's wife going to do -- put blinders on her husband like a race horse ? Do employees have to pass an ugliness test ? Do they pick the couples in their extended friendship network according to whether the wife is curvaceous ? Women have been at risk because of their looks for a long time . There are online sites where women are evaluated like so many heifers on whether they are " Hot or Not ? " Words such as "  dog " "  sow " "  and needing a "  paper bag over her head " have been thrown at us as a part of male bravado . Beautiful women get cat-calls , sometimes really rude and threatening gestures and unwanted commentary on their looks . Talk about women being between a rock and a hard place . Insulted and not hired if they are n't attractive , fired if they are too attractive . Could someone tell us just exactly how we should look ? More important , could we have some continuing education for the courts around the nation so that they realize looks are a gender issue -- and therefore protecting women from being fired because of them is appropriate . If another case like this goes through the judicial system , I hope a very different conclusion will be reached . Otherwise , all kinds of firings may arise that use this excuse to get rid of women employees . Why , this could even spread to the courts -- male judges might ban some women lawyers from presenting cases because , gosh darn it , they are just too lovely . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Pepper Schwartz .	Iowa court rules it 's not sex discrimination for a man to fire a woman because she 's attractive Pepper Schwartz thought we 're at the point that if a man ca n't control his lust , it 's illegal Schwartz : Women are insulted , not hired if unattractive , fired if they are too pretty Saving your marriage by firing an employee for her looks is a gender issue , she says
CNN  -- "  It 's like building a Japanese garden at Pearl Harbor or a big swastika in Auschwitz . " "  Eyeris " is livid . He 's voiced his opinion , no holds barred , on several YouTube videos concerning the proposed construction of an Islamic cultural center a few blocks from ground zero in New York . His comments are blatantly anti-Islamic in nature and express a deep resentment toward the Muslim faith . In a comment posted on an online video advertisement in opposition to the Islamic center , Eyeris -- an online pseudonym -- calls for the bombing of all mosques in the Western world . In a comment on a different video , he calls for the annihilation of all Muslims . But he 'd only say this online . The 39-year-old relies on his cloak of anonymity to shield him from what he believes is the certain scorn he 'd face if he uttered these words in public . In fact , Eyeris is a pseudonym for his YouTube alias . He wears two layers of armor . "  I do n't think I would say this in open due to restrictions . I have a business and can not afford to speak freely in our days of freedom of speech . Haha , what a big joke actually , if you think about it , " says Eyeris , in an e-mail from Belgium , where he currently resides . "  Political correctness is killing everything freedom stands for . " As sites such as YouTube , Facebook and Twitter become increasingly popular , they are rapidly becoming havens for people who want to speak openly about race , politics and religion without damage to reputation . Anyone can fake a name and voice an opinion -- no matter how controversial -- without any threat to their reputation . That ability is one of the driving forces behind the prevalence of hate speech on the web , says Yaman Akdeniz , director of Istanbul , Turkey-based Cyber-Rights . org , a website that advocates online civil liberties . The controversy surrounding plans to build an Islamic center just a few blocks from the World Trade Center site has spawned aggressive and candid outpourings of online sentiment . Those outpourings are collectively making a case-in-point study of how the internet has spawned a wide-open , frequently anonymous forum for declarations that can easily be considered offensive or hateful by some . "  This is what has occurred in the case of the Islamic center -- a shift in society 's acceptability of openly expressing ethnic prejudice , " says Dr. Osman Ali , a psychiatrist at Bellevue Hospital Center in New York City . One Facebook group in opposition to the Islamic center has about 90,000 members . Even though the 13-story center is planned to include a pool , auditorium and prayer area , the group , like many of its counterparts , refers to the building simply as a mosque . The Facebook group , called "  No to the Mosque at Ground Zero " , has become one of the largest opposition groups on the site . Charlotte Thompson  the only social mediate who let CNN use her name  joined because she is against the proposed cultural center . She points out that the group has "  shifted its focus from ` stop the Mosque being built ' to ` all Muslims are evil terrorists . ' " Andrew Noyes , Facebook 's manager of public policy communications says the site does not knowingly allow anonymity and tries to respond to hate speech as quickly as possible . "  Facebook has always been based on a real-name culture . This leads to greater accountability and a safer and more trusted environment for our users . It 's a violation of our policies to use a fake name or operate under a false identity , " he says . But where there are rules , there are rule benders and breakers , and some accounts that use pseudonyms . "  Regarding the broader issue of controversial content that may appear on the site , I wonder how the phone company would answer a question about preventing threatening phone calls ? And webmail providers about threatening e-mails ? " adds Noyes . "  Just as none of those communications platforms can guarantee their tools wo n't be misused , neither can we . " In an e-mail response , a YouTube spokesperson also references the site 's size when explaining the prevalence of hateful comments on uploaded videos . "  With 24 hours of video uploaded every minute to YouTube , it is not possible to prescreen content and operate at the scale we do . It would be like the telephone company prescreening every call before allowing it to be connected . " Even though some choose to use their real identities , there are still a great number of anonymous comments on YouTube and Twitter , even on Facebook where some create alternate profiles from which they comment in controversial groups . These sites have become forums that cater to specific parts of the population -- those with strong opinions who want to maintain reputation . However , the thinking behind some of these anonymous comments could be more complex . Dr. Adam Brenner , director of adult psychiatry residency training at Southwestern Medical Center in Dallas , Texas , believes the idea of "  reciprocal altruism " may contribute to the prevalence of negative comments in this situation . "  We really are evolved for treating people well , but with the idea that we 'll get something in return . Everyone has had some experience of being hurt and that hurt leads to hostility . That triggers the response of wanting to protect one 's self , and making the other hurt in return is one way , " says Brenner . For groups that monitor social media websites for hate speech , one of the main concerns is how accessible prejudiced comments are to kids . According to 2010 data gathered by Quantcast , a popular web analytics company , about 22 per cent of American YouTube and Facebook users are ages 3 to 17 . On YouTube , inappropriate and discriminatory comments are common . There are videos in which users ask others to stop spreading the hateful speech , and even Urban Dictionary , the popular , editable , pseudo-dictionary frequented by high school and college students , has a definition for the term "  YouTube Racist . " On Facebook , many groups against the Islamic center are public , which means anyone can access them , even without a Facebook account . Ali says negative and unfounded comments posted about Islam and its followers can confuse children who are growing up in Muslim households . "  When -LSB- kids -RSB- see videos with blatant misinformation on the internet , they may not have the cognitive ability to determine the representative nature of those statements -LSB- and -RSB- they are not trained to challenge it , " says Ali . Bill Nigut , the Anti-Defamation League 's Southeast regional director , says the same goes for any religion . "  These messages are directed at young people whose religious values have not yet taken root . It can cause them a lot of anxiety and ... it worries us , " he says . Nigut says the ADL routinely sends messages to Facebook regarding anti-Semitic remarks . He references one instance where he received a complaint that a 12-year-old girl was called a "  dirty Jew " on her Facebook page . Meanwhile Eyeris -- the YouTube user whose diatribes against the proposed Islamic center near ground zero now live online -- has a 13-year-old child . And despite the no-holds-barred comments that he 's made , he says he has just one wish . "  Peace to you and the whole world , man ! Because in the end , that 's all I want . "	Online anonymity allows internet users to express opinions without reservation Experts say it 's also leading to more hateful sentiments expressed online Case in point : The controversy surrounded proposed Islamic center near ground zero
CNN  -- I do n't like feeling stuck in a particular operating system , social network or piece of software . It 's not that I wo n't commit to a product or company -- it 's that I do n't trust any of them enough to get married to one of them . Once they own me , they 'll start either selling my data to other companies , limiting my Web experiences to the ones that help sell their clients ' products or otherwise screwing with me as a consumer and person . And while I have little faith that consumer protection or privacy advocates can protect my interests against the corporate behemoths , I am beginning to take heart in the way the battles between corporations over their rights to compete have the perhaps unintended side effect of keeping me from having to commit to any one of them . Today , it 's Google in the cross hairs . Egged on in part by those left lying in the wake of Google 's rise to Web search dominance , the European Commission and U.S. Federal Trade Commission are challenging the company 's monopoly and how they are leveraging it . If the story feels familiar , that 's because it is . Fourteen years ago , it was Microsoft getting slapped for anticompetitive behavior . The company 's dominance in the operating system market appeared so great , so irreversible , that it was deemed a monopoly . For Bill Gates to bundle the Explorer browser along with his operating system -- and to do so in such a way that leveraged this advantage and quashed competition -- was judged illegal and prohibited . Now it 's Google 's turn for scrutiny . This time , alarm bells first went off when people began to realize that all that photography Google had been doing for its Street View maps services was n't just photography . As long as Google was driving through neighborhoods taking video of every store and house , it might as well do some WiFi monitoring and see who was online . The Germans , in particular , got irked by this move , but then so did everyone else . This opened the door to bigger charges though -- most significantly that Google 's search algorithms are rigged to promote Google 's own services while putting those of competitors lower in the list of results . If Google indeed has a monopoly on search -- about 70 % of the U.S. market and almost 95 % of Europe 's -- then it does have a duty to watch out for the players in other markets where Google is competing . That 's why , at least as far as pure search terms and equivalent but ranked results , Google 's critics may have a point . If a Google company or partner gets higher on the list simply because it 's good for Google , then there 's a bit of explaining to do . But what about when search results contain more than simple lists , but come to include little built-in utilities ? For instance , if you 're doing a search for "  plane tickets from NY to LA , " your list of results will begin with a handy Google flight finding application , built right into the page , complete with space for your desired dates of travel and a submit button . Below that , you get regular old links to Expedia and Kayak and all the other online travel agencies . These are not equivalent results . The Google flight utility is n't just a text link but an interactive tool that imitates the very functionality of Expedia or Kayak .  Once you pick your flights , it sends you to the relevant airline site with all your data already filled in . In one sense , Google has made its users ' lives easier by pulling travel functionality right into its search engine . In another sense , though , Google has replicated the functionality of the online travel agencies and then used its search monopoly to give itself an advantage . For , at least in theory , all the other online ticketing services could be building their own mini-apps to sit right alongside Google 's . But they 're not really being invited to do so , and if they did , would they be surrendering even more to Google ? If an antitrust suit pushed Google to give other companies the same abilities that Google has , we could end up on a path to more functionality for everyone . If it simply forces Google to yank all kinds of utility from the search engine -- or to crowd a formerly streamlined lists of links with a convoluted mix of links , windows , apps and utilities , then the search itself may become a thing of the past . Like a gopher menu .  A what ? Exactly . Technological evolution occurs in fits and starts , and sometimes cutting back growth really just helps the rest of the tree grow fuller and healthier . When Apple can patent the very gestures we use to access data or move windows on a cell phone , or Facebook can become the default phonebook for the world , it puts their individual dominions as companies directly at odds with our ability to control what is shared about us , what Internet we get to see and our awareness of either one . This attack on Google from above ends up protecting some of our interests here down below . In the logic of corporate capitalism , the best safeguard against getting trapped in single-provider solutions from Facebook to the iPhone is when someone can prove it 's bad for business . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Douglas Rushkoff .	Douglas Rushkoff : European Commission , FTC challenging Google over monopoly He says it 's familiar because same thing happened to Microsoft 14 years ago He says charges are Google using search control to push its services over competitors Rushkoff : Attack on Google from above may end up protecting our interests here , down below
Hong Kong  CNN  A 16-year-old teenager has been charged for a tirade he posted on YouTube regarding the death of the late Singapore leader , Lee Kuan Yew . Amos Yee , a moppy-haired teenager posted an online video peppered with expletives that slammed the late leader , who died last week , as a "  horrible person " and "  undoubtedly totalitarian . " He also made comments comparing Lee to Jesus Christ and Mao Zedong . Lee , highly revered in Singapore was buried Sunday with thousands gathering in a massive state funeral service . While admired for his role turning the former British colony into a financial power house , Lee was also criticized for tamping down on free speech in Singapore . On the day of Lee 's funeral , Yee was arrested after Singapore police said it received more than 20 reports regarding his video , which police said contained "  disparaging remarks against Christians . " That YouTube video has since been removed . Critics say Yee 's arrest highlights the restrictions on free speech in Singapore . The Committee to Protect Journalists called for the teen 's immediate release . Yee faces three charges : intent to wound the religious feelings of any person ; circulating obscene objects ; and making threatening and abusive or insulting communications . He could face up to three years in prison . Deputy Commissioner of Police Tan Chye Hee said : "  Police take a stern view of acts that could threaten religious harmony in Singapore . Any person who uploads offensive content online with deliberate intention of wounding the religious or racial feelings of any person will be firmly dealt with in accordance with the law . " The Strait Times newspaper reported that Yee 's bail was set at $ 14,500 and that Yee 's father apologized to Singapore Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong , who is the son of Lee Kuan Yew .	Singapore teenager arrested over comments about late leader in YouTube video Criticisms over jailing teenager and restriction on freedom of speech
CNN  -- Philadelphia District Attorney Seth Williams said Monday he will appeal a Superior Court 's decision to reverse Monsignor William Lynn 's conviction for covering up crimes of offending priests . A three-judge panel ruled Thursday that Lynn -- who had been the first Roman Catholic priest in the United States to be convicted of covering up the abuses of others -- should be released , reversing his 2012 conviction for one count of child endangerment . He originally was sentenced to three to six years . "  There is something wrong with this Superior Court panel , " Williams said . Lynn 's conviction was for not removing a defrocked priest , Edward Avery , from active ministry in the 1990s after learning Avery had molested a teen . Avery pleaded guilty in March 2012 to sexually assaulting the 10-year-old altar boy during the 1998-99 school year and remains in prison . Williams adamantly expressed his disapproval of the Superior Court 's decision . "  I am disgusted by the Superior Court 's cavalier , disregard for the child victims of pedophile priests and Monsignor Lynn 's role , " Williams told reporters . "  Monsignor William Lynn knew Father Avery had sexually molested children . " Lynn 's attorneys had convinced the Superior Court panel that the laws at the time only applied to people who directly supervised children . "  Certainly , he  Williams  has a prerogative to appeal . I do n't think his appeal will be successful , but he certainly has the right , " Lynn 's attorney , Thomas Bergstrom said . A spokesman for the State Correctional Institution at Waymart , Pennsylvania , told CNN that Lynn 's bail had been posted , but he had n't been released , because of pending paperwork . Lynn 's bail was $ 250,000 , Bergstrom said . Williams said it is undeniable Lynn , now 62 , was responsible for endangering the child . "  We will charge everyone that we believe we have sufficient evidence within the statute of limitations to prosecute , " Williams said , "  No one is protected or untouchable -- wherever the evidence leads us we will go . " Lynn , now 62 , made no statement after last week 's ruling . After he was convicted 18 months ago , he said : "  I 've tried to serve God as best I could . My best was not good enough . " CNN 's Steve Almasy contributed to this report .	Court overturns Monsignor William Lynn 's child endangerment conviction DA says judges showed disregard for child victims of pedophile priests Lynn 's bail has been posted
Camp Verde , Arizona  CNN  -- Jurors in the trial of self-help guru and speaker James Ray , accused of three counts of manslaughter in a 2009 Arizona sweat lodge ceremony , heard a recording Wednesday in which he previewed the intense ceremony and told participants how it would be a "  death and rebirth experience . " Before the October 2009 ceremony at a retreat center near Sedona , Ray told participants it would include the most "  intense heat you 've every experienced in your life . You will feel like you are going to die . " The author described the ceremony as a sacred way for participants to rid themselves of "  all the things that you 've allowed to be your truth and have caused you to sell yourself short . " He promised each would emerge as a "  different person . " The participants would then enjoy a celebratory dinner and share personal breakthroughs in an evening session . But something went horribly wrong . Three people died during or after the purification ceremony and Ray was charged in their deaths . The defense told jurors in opening statements last week the three died in a "  tragic accident -- not a crime . " Prosecutors maintain Ray psychologically pressured participants to remain in the lodge even when they were n't feeling well , contributing to their deaths . In the recording , Ray told participant , who paid up to $ 10,000 each to attend the event , that as "  true spiritual warriors " and their "  altered state " they would endure heat so intense it would make it feel like their skins was coming off of their bodies . "  I will be right there with you , " he said . "  You will have to get to a point where you surrender to death , " Ray said . "  When you are going into the lodge symbolically you are going back into the womb of mother earth . " "  It is such a great metaphor ... " the author said . "  My body dies but I never die . " Prosecutors argue that the lodge -- made of willow trees and branches , and covered with tarpaulins and blankets -- was heated to perilously high temperatures , causing the participants to suffer dehydration and heatstroke . During his recorded talk , Ray repeatedly told participants to drink plenty of fluids . But Dennis Mehravar testified he had not much to drink in the previous 36 hours and had only a short time to hydrate . And the real estate salesman from Canada said no physical examination or medical information was required before the event . Another participant , Nell Wagoner , told jurors she saw no preparations by Ray 's staff for any medical emergencies . Ray told participants that if conditions became unbearable , they could leave when the lodge flap was opened . He promised a transcending experience . "  You will be in such an altered state , " Ray said . "  You may see visions . It 's a great opportunity to explore your own consciousness . " Wagoner , a gynecologist from Juneau , Alaska , and a participant in the program , testified she was concerned that a man who had been burned on his hand inside the lodge was allowed back in . Ray said a nurse would assist the participant , she testified . But Wagoner also said she did not perceive participants in the lodge 's dark interior needed medical attention . If they had , she would have provided assistance , the doctor told jurors . Wagoner said she would not have entered the lodge if she thought there was a possibility she might die . Wagoner testified that Ray never stopped anyone from leaving the sweat lodge . She acknowledged under cross-examination that water and fortified drinks were available to participants . Earlier , Jennifer Haley , who served as a volunteer at the 2009 event near Sedona , took the stand for the fourth day Wednesday to talk about how she and other "  Dream Team " members tried to help ceremony participants . Under cross-examination , Haley acknowledged that , in a police interview on the day of the ceremony , she suggested the deaths and injuries were an innocent accident and that perhaps something on rocks inside the lodge contributed to the injuries . The heat in the sweat lodge was maintained by heated rocks brought in by "  firetenders " during regular intervals in the ceremony . Ray is charged with three counts of reckless manslaughter in connection with the October 2009 incident at the spiritual retreat . If convicted , he could face up to 10 years in prison on each count . Wagoner said she told detectives that they should look at carbon monoxide levels and dehydration among participants . Haley also said ceremony participants had been warned about how hot the lodge would be and that Ray never told anyone who left during the event they would have to return . The man who burned his hand voluntarily returned to the lodge . Kirby Brown , 38 , of Westtown , New York , and James Shore , 40 , of Milwaukee , died the night of the event . Volunteer Lizbeth Marie Neuman , 49 , of Prior Lake , Minnesota , died nine days after the ceremony . The so-called sweat lodge -- which was 5 feet tall and 23 feet wide , and built to accommodate up to 75 people -- was the site of a purification ritual for participants modeled on Native American customs . Ray encouraged participants to hydrate throughout the retreat and warned them the sweat lodge would be very hot , his attorney has said . Participants signed a release form saying that the retreat activities could include a sweat lodge with enclosed spaces and high temperatures , Luis Li said in his opening statement last week . The defense has asserted that the symptoms exhibited by the victims are consistent with poisoning from an unknown toxin . InSession 's Michael Christian , Beth Karas and Grace Wong contributed to this report .	NEW : Jurors hear recording of Ray previewing the sweat lodge ceremony A participant says James Ray never prevented anyone from leaving the lodge A physician testifies about participating in the 2009 ceremony Ray is charged with three counts of reckless manslaughter
Tirana , Albania  CNN  -- Tension escalated in the Albanian capital Thursday as opposition members clashed with police outside the building where a commission is still counting votes from a local election that was seen as a crucible for stability in the Balkan nation . Members of the opposition Socialist Party attempted to enter the commission building by force . Police pushed them back . Protests also erupted in three other towns , including Kavaja , where roads were blocked and people burned tires . At issue is a razor-thin Tirana mayoral race in which the head of the opposition , Edi Rama , held only a 10-vote lead . A final vote tabulation by the Central Election Committee could tip the results of the May 8 vote in favor of the government candidate , former Interior Minister Lulzim Basha . Rama 's Socialist Party has accused the ruling Democratic Party of vote manipulation and has asked to check ballot boxes . Catherine Ashton , the European Union 's foreign policy chief , urged a peaceful resolution . "  The narrow result in the mayoral elections in Tirana means that both sides need to reach out , overcome differences and find solutions , " Ashton said in a statement issued Thursday . "  Developments today have shown the fragility of the political situation , " she said . "  I urge all political leaders in Albania and in the city of Tirana to support the finalisation of the election process calmly , constructively and with a focus on the future . " Albania , a former Stalinist nation , abandoned communism in the 1990s but the path to democracy has been bumpy . Past elections have been criticized for not being free or fair . About 300 international monitors and observers were on hand for this round of voting , a test for whether Albania was ready to join the European Union . Albania submitted its application for membership in April 2009 . The Socialist Party has won 70 % of local elections , winning seats in other Albanian towns and cities . But Tirana remained in contention after a monthlong campaign leading up to the vote was marred by violence , including explosions , stabbings , beatings and threats . Earlier in the year , Rama , a three-term mayor of Tirana , had promoted protests alleging government corruption and demanded the resignation of Prime Minister Sal Berisha . Four people were killed in the protests , for which the opposition held Basha culpable . The recent clashes and back-and-forth allegations stem from a longstanding political stalemate following a disputed June 2009 election , one that international diplomats are pushing hard for Albanian leaders to resolve peacefully . The country 's supreme court , however , determined that those elections -- which returned Berisha to power -- were valid , and the ballots were burned by the Central Election Commission . Since then , tension has mounted between the government and its political rivals . Journalist Auron Tare contributed to this report .	Clashes erupt at the central election panel , which is tabulating votes The Socialist Party mayor holds a 10-vote lead But a final count could tip the vote in favor of the government candidate Political tension has run high in Albania since a 2009 disputed election
JAKARTA , Indonesia  CNN  -- Heavy rains smashed through a dam near Indonesia 's capital Friday , unleashing a torrent of water that plowed into hundreds of homes and killed at least 52 people in what some survivors described as a suburban "  tsunami . " Members of a search and rescue team look for bodies around upended trees and vehicles near Jakarta Friday . Sleeping residents were taken by surprise by the powerful flash flood as it crashed through Jakarta 's crowded Cirendeu suburb , in the early hours of the morning . Rescue crews suspended their search for survivors overnight Friday evening , the National Disaster Coordination Agency said . The agency put the death toll at 52 with 17 missing . It said 33 people were injured and 1,490 left homeless . The Indonesian Health Ministry put the death toll higher at 58 people . After the deluge , drenched , injured and shivering survivors took refuge on the rooftops of their homes as rescuers in rubber boats struggled to reach them . Social affairs spokesman official Mardjito , who like many Indonesians goes by one name , said relief efforts were being hampered by debris from the dam . "  We 're still trying to get into the houses , but the problem is , mud is getting in our way , " he said . Pictures from the scene showed the pulverized ruins of wooden buildings emerging as brown muddied waters subside . Watch scenes of the flood devastation " Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono , currently on the campaign trail ahead of elections later this year , said he had ordered senior ministers to visit the scene of the disaster . "  On behalf of the government , I express my condolences to the families of the dead victims and may their souls be accepted by God almighty , " he said , according to the official Antara news agency . The rain obliterated a 255-meter-long section of the dam at around 4 am local time , releasing a wall of water from the 20-hectare lake that some survivors said reminded them of the tsunami that hit Indonesia in 2004 . "  They said they had heard loud rumbling sounds like during a powerful earthquake . They later found out that the sounds came from the water rushing out from the dam 's lake , " Antara said . Survivors told stories of dead relatives and harrowing brushes with death as they struggled to escape rising waters . Dewi Masitoh , a 40-year-old housewife , told the AFP news agency that she escaped with her husband and two daughters after they saw rising water reach the door of their stilt house . "  We were on the second floor but my daughter went back downstairs when the window broke and water gushed in . My husband jumped in and pulled her out of the water by her neck . "  I punched a hole through the roof and we all climbed up through , " she said , showing cuts and scratches on her arms . " Floods from heavy rains are an annual occurrence around Jakarta , a low lying city on the northern coast of Java island , where poor infrastructure often results in polluted canals and rivers spilling their banks and spilling into thousands of homes . In 2007 , 38 people were killed and 430,000 forced from their homes when storm waters three meters deep in some places swamped 75 percent of the capital , which is home to about 9 million people . With poor sanitation and a hot and humid climate , the risk of water-borne diseases is usually a major concern following floods in the city , where mosquito-transmitted malaria is also a threat . CNN 's Andy Saputra contributed to this report .	Death at now at least 52 from dam burst in Jakarta Survivors say rumbling of waters rushing from dam sounded like earthquake Rescuers are having difficulties reaching people because of mud
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Six people were killed in a suicide bombing at a military hospital in Kabul , a ministry of defense spokesman said . Zahir Azimi also said 26 people were injured . A Taliban spokesman claimed responsibility and said 51 people had died . Two Taliban members carried out suicide attacks on the Charsd Bester military hospital , Zabiullah Mojahed , a spokesman for the militant group , told CNN . "  One of them detonated inside the eating place , and the second one was shot to death , and now the operation is over , " he said . "  As a result , 51 people  have  been killed , including foreigners . " CNN 's Matiullah Mati contributed to this report .	The Taliban says two members carried out suicide attacks at the hospital A defense ministry spokesman says 26 are injured A Taliban spokesman says foreigners are among the dead
CNN  -- Remember payphones ? This might sound crazy , but if New York City has its way , people might actually start using them again to communicate with each other . The city announced Thursday that it has created Wi-Fi hotspots at 10 payphone kiosks in three of the city 's boroughs . It 's the first step in a pilot program designed to make wireless access available to as many people as possible in the city . The kiosks  seven in Manhattan , two in Brooklyn and one in Queens  have antennas that create Wi-Fi hotspots providing free wireless service up to 300 feet away . More will be added in the coming months , according to the blog post announcing the program . In an era when it seems like everyone has a phone , smart or dumb , in their pocket , payphones may seem like just another technological dinosaur that the mobile age has relegated to the digital trash heap alongside pagers , beepers and busy signals . But they 're not gone entirely . There are somewhere in the neighborhood of 12,000 payphone kiosks in New York , a city of roughly 8.2 million people . The announcement was receiving high marks from tech bloggers Friday . "  I think it 's a good start for reusing payphones , which serve less and less need in our mobile-centric world , " Ryan Kim wrote for tech blog GigaOm . "  And it speaks to our addiction to Wi-Fi and data , which is now even more popular than cellular . " Kim noted that more public Wi-Fi could lessen congestion on busy cellular networks in big , tech-savvy cities like New York and San Francisco , where chasing down those elusive 3G  or 4G  bars can be a frustrating experience . "  I ca n't recall the last time I 've used a payphone but I 'll be glad to see them around if it means more free Wi-Fi , " he wrote . Expanding Wi-Fi service in New York has been a priority for Mayor Michael Bloomberg . The city has partnered with AT&T on a five-year project to provide free Wi-Fi at 26 locations in 20 parks throughout the city .	Ten New York City payphone kiosks have been turned into Wi-Fi hotspots More locations are expected to be added in coming months The city and AT&T are working to put free Wi-Fi in 20 parks throughout NYC
Abu Dhabi , UAE  CNN  -- CNN Abu Dhabi , the latest newsgathering expansion from the global news brand , opens its doors today , it was announced by Tony Maddox , MD and EVP CNN International . Maddox was joined for the opening in Abu Dhabi by Phil Kent , chairman and CEO of CNN parent company Turner Broadcasting System , Inc , and by Chief International Correspondent Christiane Amanpour and presenter Richard Quest , both in Abu Dhabi filming for the network . Other senior executives attending from CNN included Katherine Green , head of programming for the network , Rani Raad , head of CNN 's commercial arm in the region , and Abu Dhabi-based Tom Fenton , Managing Editor , Middle East . CNN 's new state-of-the-art production center and newsgathering hub for the Middle East will also be home to CNN 's first ever daily live news show from the region . "  PRISM , " hosted by news veteran Stan Grant , debuts this evening and joins existing feature shows "  Inside the Middle East " and "  Marketplace Middle East " as a major addition to its regionally based programming portfolio . "  The Middle East has played a significant role in CNN 's heritage and is part of our DNA . Two of our earliest international bureaus were in Cairo and Jerusalem , " said Maddox . "  This region unquestionably plays an integral part in world affairs , and the new hub in the UAE gives us the opportunity to get even closer to the heart of the rich and diverse stories across the political , business , social and cultural spectrums . " "  The establishment of a permanent broadcast and production center in the Middle East by CNN is a significant and unique move by a Western news broadcaster , " added Maddox . "  It gives CNN a powerful base from which to coordinate seven regional bureaus and also launch a new daily news show from the Middle East . " The new facility sits alongside CNN 's existing 32 international newsgathering operations which also includes three other digital production centers in Hong Kong , London and Mexico City . CNN Abu Dhabi will coordinate newsgathering for the seven CNN operations in the region : Baghdad , Beirut , Cairo , Dubai , Jerusalem , Kabul and Islamabad . With more than two dozen staff , CNN Abu Dhabi not only consolidates CNN Worldwide 's investment in global newsgathering ; it also underlines CNN 's growth strategy which includes the commercial launch of the CNN Wire , the unveiling of the new CNN.com and the addition of new prime time shows across CNN International and , in the United States , HLN . Built as a fully HD and on-line production facility , CNN Abu Dhabi houses a four-camera digital studio , with 24/7 live capability , edit suites and fully integrated newsroom . First daily scheduled show from the region For the first time in CNN 's history , daily live news show "  PRISM , " presented by Stan Grant , will be broadcast from the Middle East . CNN Abu Dhabi will also be home to CNN 's perennially popular feature shows , "  Inside the Middle East , " now in its sixth year , and "  Marketplace Middle East , " which launched two years ago . Launching November 3 , PRISM -- the tenth new show to be launched on CNN International in the past 12 months -- joins the network 's new primetime line-up , uniting Stan Grant , Christiane Amanpour , Richard Quest , Becky Anderson and Fionnuala Sweeney , Michael Holmes and Hala Gorani in a schedule that between them covers off business and current affairs programming , breaking news and behind-the-scenes reportage in distinctive formats . Content Ownership CNN 's content ownership strategy has provided a wealth of new material for all of CNN 's platforms , across TV , on-line and mobile and CNN 's commercial wire service , while also allowing that content to be aggregated to affiliates . Since early 2008 CNN has opened seven new editorial operations across Africa , Asia , Latin America and now the Middle East , as well as placing additional correspondents in many existing operations .	CNN opens Abu Dhabi production center and newsgathering hub today Abu Dhabi is the latest newsgathering expansion for the network The state-of-the-art production center will co-ordinate CNN 's Middle East newsgathering Center will be home to "  PRISM , " CNN 's first ever daily live news show from the region .
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Reality TV star Tila Tequila said she wants to bankrupt organizers of the "  Gathering of the Juggalos " festival where an angry crowd attacked her with rocks and bottles last weekend . "  I 'm hoping this will be the last juggalos gathering that they will ever have , " Tequila said Monday in an interview with E-Online . Her lawyer is preparing to sue the festival , which is organized for fans of the hip-hop group Insane Clown Posse . Festival organizers did not respond to CNN requests for a response . This was the event 's 11th year , the fourth in rural Hardin County , Illinois . Cuts on the Playboy model and singer 's face required stitches . And her body is covered with bruises , she said . An angry crowd pelted Tequila with rocks , bottles and human excrement as she performed early Saturday , she said . "  If you just look at these people , or monsters , whatever they are , they looked very angry and violent , " Tequila said . Video obtained by CNN showed Tequila standing her ground on stage for several minutes , continuing to perform her songs while several bodyguards tried to protect her . "  I 'm not going anywhere , " she shouted back . The assault subsided briefly when comedian Tom Green , who had performed earlier , diverted the crowd 's attention with a dance . After Green left the stage , a large rock soared from the crowd , striking Tequila 's face . Blood streamed down her cheek . Green described a mob of hundreds chasing Tequila from the stage and surrounding a trailer where she sought refuge . They rocked the trailer and smashed its windows , he said . Tequila eventually escaped , but only after windows in her sports utility vehicle were smashed , according to the local sheriff . The fans are mostly young people who sometimes wear clown make up and are referred to as juggalos and juggalettes .	Tequila plans to sue "  Gathering of the Juggalos " organizers CNN obtains video showing the angry crowd attacking her She suffers cuts and bruises from rocks and bottles
CNN  -- Like any good businessman , Dick Clark saw his opportunities and took them . When rock 'n' roll was establishing itself as the new pop music , Clark was there on the ground floor , taking over a Philadelphia dance party TV show called "  Bandstand . " When "  Bandstand " proved to be a valuable tool for promoting new artists -- and , not incidentally , sanitizing them for Mom and Dad 's approval -- Clark made sure it did its job , especially after it went national as ABC 's "  American Bandstand . " As his career continued , he replaced the stodgy Guy Lombardo as the face of New Year 's Eve , challenged the Grammys with the American Music Awards , filled daytime with quiz shows and prime time with variety programs , and was always on the lookout for the next big thing . Clark , who died Wednesday , became a force in the music industry and used his leverage to expand to television , radio and real estate . "  America 's Oldest Teenager " he may have been called , but behind that youthful countenance were the brains of a born entrepreneur . "  I knew being a performer does not necessarily carry with it a lot of longevity . That 's why I became a producer , " Clark , who had a degree in business from Syracuse University , once said . Even his critics had to agree -- perhaps grudgingly , perhaps admiringly -- that he was nothing if not shrewd . In 1968 's "  Awopbopaloobop Alopbamboom , " his insightful history of pop , rock critic Nik Cohn dismissed Clark as "  an all-American choirboy " who reigned as the father of "  highschool , " the squeaky-clean Paul Anka-Connie Francis-Frankie Avalon pop music that dominated the late '50s and early '60s . Cohn expressed little love for the music of highschool , but he obviously respected Clark 's abilities . "  You 'd be making no wild guesses to imagine that he was one of the very richest men in pop , " Cohn wrote . "  Godly or not , he sure had his head screwed on . " AC360 : The business of being Dick Clark That 's the thing about Dick Clark -- he made no apologies about catering to the mainstream , even if it meant shaving off the rough edges of what could be a very rough music . When Lloyd Price 's version of "  Stagger Lee " was climbing the charts , Clark refused to have him on until a cleaner version could be recorded . "  His audience could not be exposed to a song which celebrated gambling and murder , " wrote Dave Marsh in his book "  The Heart of Rock and Soul . " The song was cleaned up , Clark booked Price , and "  Stagger Lee " went to No. 1 . He was in the business of family entertainment -- a broadcaster in the truest sense of the term , says John Covach , a rock historian and chair of the music department at the University of Rochester . "  He was able to position himself in the center of the television and music industry in the way that allowed him to have a career that spanned a half a century , " Covach says . From Clark to Kirshner to Cornelius In that respect , he inspired a number of contemporaries and followers , including Don Kirshner , who started as a song publisher and later expanded to record labels , TV shows and other programming ; Don Cornelius , a onetime salesman and journalist whose "  Soul Train " became the crown jewel of his own broadcasting empire ; and , of course , Ryan Seacrest , who started as a disc jockey and now hosts and produces television shows . "  If you 're presenting pop music on TV , in some way Dick Clark is the person who opened the door , " says Joe Levy , editor of Billboard magazine . Purists may find it easy to criticize these men , says Kovach , but appealing to the mainstream not only means the largest possible audience -- it means influencing the dialogue . "  That was Berry Gordy 's strategy , too -- taking his black singing groups and getting them to a white audience , " Covach says , referring to the Motown Records founder . "  He took a lot of criticism for having sold out the blackness of the music in search of a more mainstream audience . " But by doing so , Motown gained a larger following -- and influenced generations of musicians . On the other hand , there was Alan Freed , the raucous DJ who was among the first to call the combination of R&B , country and pop music "  rock 'n' roll . " Freed , Covach observes , was the more important figure in rock 's early years . While Clark was gaining a national foothold for the Philadelphia-based "  Bandstand , " Freed was already hosting a national radio show , appearing on a television show and producing movies . But Freed was a more abrasive character than the smooth Clark , and he was more upsetting to the era 's establishment .  His prime-time TV series was canceled after African-American singer Frankie Lymon was seen dancing with a white teenage girl . When the payola scandals of the late '50s engulfed the music industry -- DJs and music business types were given bribes to play certain records -- both Freed and Clark were subjects of scrutiny . But the scandals helped ruin Freed -- he was hurt by negative publicity -- while Clark divested himself of his music business interests and was praised as a hard-working young businessman , Covach says . It also prompted Clark to diversify , says Levy . "  The lesson learned was , ' I need other business interests , ' " he says . "  And that 's the model he created . " Turning on adults Clark was n't the first to use his talent for entertaining as a springboard to bigger things . Bing Crosby invested in recording equipment , TV stations and horse racing ; Gene Autry became a movie producer , rodeo businessman and baseball team owner . But it was Clark who saw the promise in combining pop music , television and the marketplace -- an audience of teenagers and their parents . "  He found that while teenagers avidly watched -LSB- ` Bandstand ' -RSB- , adults also tuned in to see the teens dance , " says Covach . That bore dividends when "  The Twist " started catching on : Clark had a new recording of the Hank Ballard song made by newcomer Chubby Checker and helped make it a hit . It topped the charts twice , the second time because adults got into the craze : A famous picture of the era shows Jackie Kennedy doing the Twist . For all the criticism aimed at Clark , he did n't always play it safe . Levy recalls seeing Public Image Ltd. , the prickly band led by former Sex Pistol John Lydon , on "  Bandstand . " The show provided TV debuts for Chuck Berry , The Doors , Jefferson Airplane , Otis Redding and Jerry Lee Lewis . Clark even changed the fortunes of Lewis ' failing , raucous song "  Breathless " by using it in a promotion with "  Bandstand " sponsor Beechnut gum . "  Dick Clark bridged a color gap at a time when there should not have been one , giving musical life to black artists that may not have had a chance , " Stevie Wonder -- another "  Bandstand " debut -- said in a statement . And , along with the endless awards shows and music-variety packages , Clark also produced a show starring Weird Al Yankovic , a documentary with George Plimpton and the great TV movie "  Elvis , " directed by John Carpenter and starring Kurt Russell as The King . Moreover , his shows were usually fun to watch . The Golden Globes are regularly disparaged for the outsize influence of the tiny Hollywood Foreign Press Association , but its show -- produced by Clark 's production house -- is often considered more entertaining than the Oscars . Nowadays , Seacrest is probably Clark 's closest model ; the youthful "  American Idol " host has acknowledged as much in many interviews , and in recent years he joined Clark as host of ABC 's "  New Year 's Rockin ' Eve , " which Clark established in 1972 -- two years before Seacrest was born . But though Seacrest has been aggressive in going from DJ to "  Idol " host to Kardashian family/reality show producer , he 's got a long way to catch his mentor : The Museum of Broadcast Communications estimates Clark 's company produced more than 7,500 hours of programming . It 's an impact that will continue to be felt , says Levy : "  He had a real influence on the music business and on the television business . " We 're still dancing to his beat .	Dick Clark was a businessman first , entertainment talent second Others , including Don Cornelius and Ryan Seacrest , modeled careers on Clark 's He was often criticized for mainstream appeal , but he did n't always play it safe Clark produced more than 7,000 hours of TV programming
Vitoria , Brazil  CNN  -- Jaina Maria never enters the studio in the pretty second-floor apartment she used to share with her husband . Behind the door , which she now keeps locked , is the room where she says her husband beat her , time and time again . It still bears the scars of violence . "  He grabbed me by the hair and slammed me into the mirror , " she says . A big chunk of glass is missing . Jaina Maria says they were married for six years before the violence started , but then it dragged on for four more years . At first she was silent . "  He was the love of my life . I loved him so much , " she explains as her eyes fill with tears . "  But then you get beaten again and again . " Jaina Maria is one of nearly 40 women in the coastal Brazilian city of Vitoria who have been given an innovative mobile "  panic button " -- part of a pilot project to curb rampant domestic violence . Even after they divorced and Jaina Maria obtained a restraining order , she says her ex-husband would still show up at the house and threaten her . One day he pulled out a knife . After that incident , a court decided to issue her with the panic button . When activated the device emits a GPS signal and automatically starts recording the conversations around the victim -- which can later be used in court . Soon after she got it , Jaina Maria was forced to use it . One day her ex-husband appeared , shouting at her , from the street below her apartment . "  The police arrived in four minutes , " she says . Restraining order Her ex-husband was sentenced to 21 days in jail for violating the restraining order . He has n't been back since . The authorities say there have already been five convictions thanks to the panic button project , which was launched by the state judicial system earlier this year . It 's no accident the project was developed in Vitoria -- the city has the highest female murder rate in Brazil . "  Femicides " are overwhelmingly committed inside a woman 's own home , and police and social services say , they are an indicator of wider levels of domestic abuse . According to the Brazilian Center for Latin American Studies , in 2010 13.2 in every 100,000 women were murdered in Vitoria , triple the national average of 4.4 , which is already high . The Center 's figure for the United States is 2.1 women in every 100,000 , as of 2007 . The panic buttons have been distributed to women who already have restraining orders against abusers -- mostly former partners . According to court officials , the project has also worked as a deterrent for would-be abusers because no one knows who actually has them . The device itself is smaller than a mobile phone . Women carry it on an elastic belt under their clothes . When the victim activates it , by holding down a small button for three seconds , a GPS signal is sent and an alarm goes off at the police station handling the panic button project . The alert is then sent to the smartphones of four teams trained to respond . The victim 's location appears on a map , as pictures of the victim and her abuser pop up and the device begins to transit audio so police can hear what 's going on around her . Constant fear So far , officials say , they 've arrived in under 10 minutes every time . "  We want to get there as quickly as we can because this person is the target of serious violence , " says officer Jadir Almeida da Silva . The project has already caught the attention of officials across Brazil and in neighboring Latin American countries also battling high levels of domestic abuse . The United Nations has also praised the project and invited Vitoria 's mayor to give a presentation in New York . Experts say the panic button works on many levels . Dr. Sonia Lyra is a gynecologist who specializes in female trauma at the Jayme Santos Neves hospital . She was also a victim of domestic abuse , brutally beaten , she says , by her ex-husband for nine years . "  There were times when I would stay in bed for 10 , 15 days , " she says . "  I had to reschedule all my patients until the marks on my body disappeared . " She says the panic button not only helps stop violence before it happens , but it also gives women the security they need to rebuild their lives . Lyra says her divorce dragged on for years and she was n't able to keep her ex-husband away until she saved enough money to hire a criminal lawyer . "  If I 'd had the panic button , I would have re-established myself faster without the constant fear that he could hurt me or my children , " she says . For Jaina Maria , it has meant she now has the confidence to leave her home : She now takes her dog for walks and is even starting a new job .	Brazilian victims of domestic violence given mobile ` panic button ' in pilot project When activated , device emits GPS signal and records conversations Jaina Maria used panic button when her husband attacked her ; he was later jailed Vitoria , city where pilot scheme is taking place , has Brazil 's highest female murder rate
CNN  -- The magnitude of the Ebola crisis in West Africa is "  vastly " underestimated , the World Health Organization warned this week , as the death toll steadily climbed . Ebola has infected at least 2,127 people in Nigeria , Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone since the outbreak began this year . Of the victims , 1,145 have died , according to the WHO . It said the number reflects the count as of Wednesday . "  The outbreak is expected to continue for some time , " the WHO said in a statement Thursday . "  Staff at the outbreak sites see evidence that the numbers of reported cases and deaths vastly underestimate the magnitude of the outbreak . " Though the United Nations agency did not provide an estimate of unreported cases , it said it 's teaming up with the affected countries to gather more intelligence from the ground . "  WHO is mapping the outbreak , in great detail , to pinpoint areas of ongoing transmission and locate treatment facilities and supplies , " the statement said . It 's also working with other agencies , including the World Food Program , to feed about 1 million people quarantined in villages in Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone . "  Our team are not in direct contact with Ebola quarantine and treatment centers , " said Fabienne Pompey , spokeswoman for World Food Program . "  We deliver food to the medical staff and they are in charge of the distribution . " As experts scramble to contain the outbreak , health officials are considering the use of experimental treatments and vaccines , since no proven ones exist . Ebola spreads through contact with organs and bodily fluids such as blood , saliva , urine and other secretions of infected people . The deadly virus causes viral hemorrhagic fever , which affects multiple organ systems . Early symptoms include sudden onset of fever , weakness , muscle pain , headaches and a sore throat . They later progress to vomiting , diarrhea , impaired kidney and liver function , and sometimes internal and external bleeding . Two Americans are undergoing treatment for Ebola , which they contracted while helping patients in Liberia . They were transferred to an isolation unit at an Atlanta hospital and appear to be recovering . In a separate case , a Spanish priest who contracted the disease in Liberia died this week . Ebola : 9 things you need to know Inside the Ebola outbreak with the CDC CNN 's Brent Swails contributed to this report .	Ebola has killed at least 1,145 people in Nigeria , Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone "  The outbreak is expected to continue , " the World Health Organization says It says it has seen evidence of unreported cases
CNN  -- Just when it seems all rivers have been charted , seas explored and canals crossed , secret backwaters move into the limelight . While cruise companies have traditionally focused on more popular circuits , increasing attention is being paid to off-the-radar bodies of water . Cruise providers are noticing an uptick in enthusiasm for offbeat boating . Orient-Express Trains & Cruises is adding its second ship to river itineraries in burgeoning Myanmar  also known as Burma  . "  Our decision to introduce our newest river cruiser , Orcaella , in July 2013 is evidence of our commitment to Myanmar , one of the few places yet to be fully discovered , " says managing director Gary Franklin . "  So we wish to use our experience to delve farther off the beaten track . " Travel photos you wish you 'd taken Micato Safaris , which offers bespoke tours to India , has seen a recent spike in inquiries about river cruising in the country 's southern state of Kerala . "  Cruising Kerala 's backwaters provides a wonderful contrast to the hustle and bustle of India 's cities , " says managing director Dennis Pinto . "  A sail through reveals a serene and peaceful world , where one can observe the quieter lifestyles of the villagers who make their living in these resource-rich backwaters . " There is something to be said for drifting along uncharted waterways and quietly observing the shores . The silent distance adds a special touch to a voyage , whether it separates you from the African bush or picturesque Swedish landscape . It also comes as no surprise that many of these waterways are quickly morphing from secretive to spotlighted -- such as Myanmar 's Irrawaddy River -- while others remain rarely plied . Bon voyage . Departures : Cruising the Mediterranean Amazon River , Peru While the Amazon River is not a secret , many of its tributaries are . Aqua Expeditions does three - , four - and seven-night cruises on M/V Aqua and M/V Aria , two boutique river vessels that travel deep into the Pacaya-Samiria National Reserve at the headwaters of the Amazon . Tour the jungle town of Iquitos before plying the untouched waters of the Maranon , Ucayali and Yanallpa rivers . Experience piranha fishing and walks through the rainforest to spot playful monkeys or relax on the rooftop deck and view neon-brilliant birds and rare pink dolphins . Panoramic windows wrap around the large design suites ; Peruvian-European fusion fare is served onboard . Prices start at $ 2,685 ; 866-603-3687 . Chobe River , Namibia and Botswana Few experiences match the thrill of a river safari along the Chobe River between Botswana and Namibia on the five-star Zambezi Queen . The cruiser provides an ideal vantage point from which to view the African grasslands and the river itself , which teems with hippos and crocodiles . Private balconies connect each of the 14 cabins to the outdoors and a contemporary dining room showcases three-sided views . After an exhilarating game drive , travel in a traditional mokoro canoe to visit local villages for a boma dinner , with a barbecue and dance performance under the stars . Sip a sundowner cocktail by the onboard pool while observing elephants , leopards , lions and buffalo along the riverbank . Prices start at $ 905  two nights  . Departures : Sailing the Aeolian Islands Danube River Experience the "  Romance of the Blue Danube " aboard the MS River Splendor as it makes its way through the Czech Republic , Slovakia , Austria and Germany . Inaugurated this month , the 176-passenger vessel offers intimate cruising with plush suites and private French balconies . Guests take in Budapest 's imperial cityscape before embarking on an 11-day sail during which they witness a knight tournament and savor Tokaj wines before arriving in Vienna for a private concert at the Kursalon concert hall . Wend through vineyard-dotted Wachau Valley and meet a Habsburg descendant at Artstetten Castle . Stop in Mozart 's hometown of Salzburg and , in Passau , hear the tunes of the world 's largest church organ before traveling through forested gorges to reach the city of Regensburg . Prices start at $ 4,249 . Gota Canal , Sweden Simply Sweden hosts three - to five-night cruises between Gothenburg and Stockholm on one of three period ships from the 1800s . These sailings go between the Baltic and North seas along three canals , across eight lakes and through 66 locks .  A hotel stay on either end allows guests to explore Sweden 's two largest cities .  Glide through the Swedish countryside on a charming old cruiser with humble cabins and meals that star Nordic herring specialties . Excursions travel to never-invaded Karlsborg Fortress for a war re-enactment and to the canal museum in Sjotorp village for an introduction to the fascinating science of lock systems . In between the culture-packed outings , mingle with curious locals as the ship descends and ascends the lock staircases . Prices start at $ 2,158 . Departures : Top Alaska cruises Irrawaddy River , Myanmar Winding down the Irrawaddy , the scenic waterway that cuts right through Myanmar , is the most serene way to explore the Golden Land . Relive the journey in Rudyard Kipling 's poem "  On the Road to Mandalay " aboard Orient-Express ' luxury Road to Mandalay cruiser , with three - to 11-night trips . Get a bird 's - eye view of this forgotten land on a hot-air-balloon ride over the ancient kingdom of Bagan or see lacquerware being made . Unwind with a soothing east meets west massage and savor mohinga , the region 's staple fish soup . Orient-Express is adding a second ship on the Irrawaddy River in July -- the 50-guest Orcaella will take to the more remote sections of western Myanmar along the Chindwin River toward the Indian border . Prices start at $ 2,520 . Kerala Backwaters , India For a unique ramble through the backwaters of Kerala , a southern Indian state that edges the Arabian Sea , pick a two - or three-night itinerary on The Oberoi Motor Vessel Vrinda . In Malayalam , the official language of Kerala , vrinda means beautiful and serene  or a bunch of flowers  and aptly describes the sojourn on this luxe backwater cruiser . Onboard find eight deluxe cabins with panoramic picture windows and a rich repertoire of events , such as a performance of Kathakali , a local dance interpretation of ancient Hindu epics . Culinary highlights include sadya , a traditional feast of a dozen small dishes served on a banana leaf , and available daily outings on a small traditional rice boat float past brightly colored houses , rice paddies and tea shops . Prices start at $ 1,641 . Departures : Most luxurious new cruises Mekong River , Vietnam and Cambodia Discover former Indochina aboard an array of boutique liners that travel the Mekong River between Vietnam and Cambodia . Luxury Cruise Mekong brings you the most luxe selection of colonial cruisers and traditional sampan skiffs . The showstopper is The Jayavarman , a French-colonial-style vessel with silky Indochine design accents . Choose between two - or seven-night cruises , which both kick off with an awakening tai chi lesson . Voyages down this living waterway wind through floating villages and rustic catfish farms and meet villagers as they prepare coconut candies and rice cookies . Alternatively , opt for a private cruise on a Song Xanh sampan  two nights , from $ 880  , which goes deep into the Mekong Delta with visits to 19th-century French estates , temples and dinh , Vietnamese community halls . Prices start at $ 732 . © 2010 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	Watch hippos and crocodiles along the Chobe River between Botswana and Namibia Trips between Gothenburg and Stockholm go along three canals and through 66 locks Discover former Indochina on boutique vessels traveling the Mekong River
JACKSON , Georgia  CNN  -- "  I gave up smoking , women and drinkin ' last night , " the singer shouts , "  and it was the worst 15 minutes of mah life ! " The Rev. Joe Hunter hears all types of stories from drivers at his truck stop chapel . The music blaring from the radio tonight is country . The dessert special is peach cobbler . And the customers are wide-bodied truck drivers , lumbering into a Georgia truck stop at suppertime . But another group of truckers nearby is singing a new song . They amble into a truck stop trailer adorned with pictures of Jesus and sing the hymn "  O Happy Day " in wobbly bass voices . "  I 've been back and forth between God and Satan over the years , " trucker Harold "  Jumper " McBride says as he stands to share his story . "  It was a rough life , but I finally found that saving grace to make life a whole lot better . " It 's the Wednesday night service at "  Chaplain Joe 's " truck stop chapel service . The chaplain himself , a lanky , bearded man with tan cowboy boots , sits in the back of his narrow chapel , saying the loudest amens . For 28 years , the Rev. Joe Hunter has been a chaplain to the truckers . Though most ministers preach to people in the pews , he takes God to people on the go . He reaches out to truckers at fuel stops , in parking lots , on the CB and through a radio show called "  Heaven 's Road . " He hears all sorts of stories : tales of loneliness , thoughts of suicide , struggles with guilt . A Vietnam veteran , he 's even lived a little of what he 's heard . Yet Hunter says most truckers reaffirm his faith in human nature . "  Every snowflake is different , and God created us that way to be unique , " he says . "  I 've learned to appreciate the goodness of people . I believe there 's some good in everybody , and I love to try to find it . " Watch as Hunter explains truckers ' need for a place of worship " ` Last American cowboys ' Trucking is n't simply Hunter 's ministry . It was his first love . He started working at a truck stop at 16 years old and drove a truck for 20 years . "  America moves by trucks , " he says . "  Without trucks , America stops . " Hunter 's Truckstop Ministries Inc. works like a spiritual gas station . He prays with truckers , coaxes them to make tough decisions and hands out taped sermons that fortify them on lengthy business trips . "  The greatest thing about being a truck driver is that you have a lot of time to think , " Hunter says . "  The horrible thing about being a truck driver is that you have a lot of time to think . " There 's plenty of time to do ill as well . Drug dealers , prostitutes , runaways -- they all hover around some truck stops , Hunter and drivers say . "  People being away from home -- a lot of people think they 're just free to do whatever they want , " McBride says . McBride can spend up to four weeks away from the Florida home he shares his wife , Kathy . "  Lonesome . I miss home a lot , " he says when asked to describe life on the road . Despite the trucker 's grind , those at Hunter 's chapel talk about their profession with pride . "  I call truckers the last American cowboys , " says Robert Ryan , president of the Atlanta Travel Center truck stop in Jackson , Georgia , home of Hunter 's main chapel . "  They 're pretty much out there on their own , " Ryan says . "  They 're doing their own thing . They 're good people . " And , like cowboys , Hunter says , truckers have a "  yearning to wander . " "  You leave Florida in the winter , headed for Detroit , " Hunter says . "  When you leave , you 're in short sleeves . When you get in Detroit , you 're surrounded by ice . It 's like life is on fast-forward . " Service inside the truckers ' chapel Truckers looking for relief from their wanderlust can spot Hunter 's chapel from the highway at night . A neon red cross is perched above the chapel like a beacon . See photos of the truckers ' chapel " The tiny chapel 's walls are plastered with scenes of Jesus ' crucifixion . Paperback Bibles and pamphlets urging conversion are scattered about the seats . The service begins with prayer , then hymns and a short sermon . No collection plate is passed . The truckers linger afterward and talk about a painting hanging on the chapel 's back wall . The painting , entitled "  In His Hands , " depicts a truck about to slide off an icy ledge . The truck is yanked back to safety by God 's hands . McBride , the Florida trucker , glances at it and smiles . He says he was once hauling a load of 55-gallon drums of orange concentrate down an unfamiliar mountain road when he hit an s-shaped curve and lost control . Yet somehow , he did n't crash . "  Somebody told me I was on nine tires , " McBride says . He motions to the painting . "  That hand is probably the only thing that kept me on the road , " he says . The conversation turns to preaching . Gene Smith , another trucker , talks about filling up on taped sermons while driving . "  As long as you tune in to God , you 're a lot happier , " Smith says . "  I 'm living heaven on Earth . Everything is going perfect . I 've been connected to God since I was 5 years old . " Hunter 's journey : from Vietnam to the road Hunter 's connection to God did n't come as easy , he says . He was born in rural Georgia , and his father died when he was 3 years old . He dropped out of school at 14 and was drafted five years later to go to Vietnam . Hunter became a trucker four days after returning from Vietnam . He slipped into drinking and drugs , and "  Satan blessed me for a while . " Then , one Sunday night , he stumbled into a tiny Baptist church service in rural Georgia . The preacher seemed to know all of his secret sins , Hunter says . "  I thought somebody told him that I was coming , " Hunter says . "  He read my mail , boy . " Hunter became a Christian that night . He returned home and told his wife , Jan , that she was going to be saved . They 've been married now for 42 years and have two children and 10 grandchildren . Hunter calls Jan his partner in ministry . God had more plans for him , though , Hunter says . While trucking , he grew frustrated because he could rarely find a church to attend when he was on the road . "  Most churches ca n't park 18-wheelers , " he says . Hunter decided to take church to the truckers . He established his first Bible study in 1981 at an Atlanta truck stop . He says he now has offices at 74 truck stops in 29 states , with at least 500 chaplains working with him . Many of his chaplains are volunteers recruited from local churches . "  God is good , " he says . "  I 'm in awe every day of what he 's allowed me to do . " Hunter now has a national reputation . Scott Weidner , president of Transport for Christ , a 58-year-old company that provides mobile chapels to truck stops in North America , knows Hunter . He and Hunter oversee arguably the two largest groups for trucker chaplains in the nation . "  He 's a former trucker , so he relates very well to truckers , " Weidner says . "  He 's got a heart for the Lord , for the lost and for truckers . " Churches heard of Hunter 's talents as well . Once , leaders from one church asked him to be their pastor . Hunter refused . He says he 's no longer driven by that "  yearning to wander . " He 's found his home . "  I would n't trade places with anybody , " he says outside his chapel . "  I love what I 'm doing . I 'm where I 'm supposed to be . "	Pastor 's personal need inspires him to create ministry for truckers Chaplain hears stories of loneliness and desperation Truck stop owner : Truckers are "  the last American cowboys " Chaplain 's downward spiral was halted by a late-night sermon
CNN  -- Authorities plan to launch probes into rioting and vandalism in Oman , where protesters recently have staged anti-government demonstrations , the Gulf state 's news agency reported Saturday . Oman 's public prosecutors cited the setting of fires , damaging public and private property , blocking roads and impeding traffic flow in the city of Sohar and other locations . It said it will "  initiate investigations against those who incited and carried out such acts . "  All these acts are against the laws , the tenets of the Islamic Sharia and the morals of the Omani society are known for , " the prosecutors said in a statement reported by the Oman News Agency . "  While the freedom of opinion and expression is secured by the Basic Law of the State , the Basic Law also provides sanctuary to the public property . It also makes it obligatory for the citizens and residents as well to preserve them . It also provides for protection and prevention of assault on private property . " There have been protests recently in the key port city of Sohar and other places this week , and one person was killed on Monday . There have been reports of attacks on property and sources said demonstrators in Sohar have blocked routes to the port and the industrial zone , prompting port staff to leave work . Protesters ' demands include greater freedom of expression , higher salaries , a clampdown on government corruption , a new constitution , and the prosecution of security officials whose actions led to the death of demonstrators . Oman 's sultanate is making changes on the heels of the Sohar protests . The news agency said Saturday that Sultan Waboos bin Said replaced three high-level government figures . Oman is not a major oil producer , but a significant share of the world 's oil shipping passes through the Strait of Hormuz , along the Omani coast .	Authorities cite fires , vandalism , property damage Protesters have had many demands Much of world 's oil shipping passes through strait near Oman
A teenager in India , who had more than 200 "  teeth " growing in his mouth due to a benign dental tumor , has had them removed . Ashik Gavai , a 17-year-old student from Buldhana , underwent the six-hour operation , which involved four doctors at Mumbai 's J.J. Hospital on July 21 . The teen had 232 denticles -- abnormal teeth-like growth -- lodged in his mouth due to a complex composite odontoma , a benign dental tumor . The abnormal teeth were embedded in the bone inside the lower right jaw and were not visible from outside the mouth . Surgeons say the surgery was "  dangerous " and the patient 's jawbone will take three to four months to heal . "  It is very common for a person to have a  small  number of abnormal teeth , but this many is very rare , " said Dr. Sunanda Dhiware , head of the Department of Dentistry at J.J. Hospital . She adds that she knows of cases where 40 to 50 teeth were removed . Gavai 's normal teeth are to remain in his mouth , although the doctors did help to remove a wisdom tooth . The teen is currently recovering in the hospital and has been put on a liquid diet of mainly coconut water and milk . According to Dr. Vandana Thoravade , surgeon in the ENT department at J.J. Hospital , the operation could have cost as much as 250,000 rupees  about $ 4,000  , which the Gavai family could not afford . The teen 's father is a farm laborer who earns 150-200 rupees  $ 2-3  a day . The government 's Rajiv Gandhi Jeevandayee Arogya Yojana program -- which supports low income patients -- took care of the bill . Gavai 's doctors said the denticles likely started to form when the patient was six years old , but Gavai did not notice the abnormal teeth until a month ago , when his mouth began to swell . The village doctors near his home in Buldhana District , about 500 km from Mumbai , were unable to treat Gavai 's condition , and referred him to the Mumbai hospital . Doctors say denticles are likely to grow again in Gavai 's mouth , but probably not in such a large number . Dental screening that could save your life Five ways to preserve your teeth as you age	A benign tumor caused teeth-like growth in a teenager 's jaw area Four doctors operated for six hours on Ashik Gavai to remove 232 abnormal teeth The "  teeth " could grow back A government program paid for the $ 4,000 surgery
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Dr. Conrad Murray 's delay in calling 911 for help as soon as he realized Michael Jackson was not breathing may have cost the pop icon his life , according to a cardiologist who testified Wednesday in Murray 's involuntary manslaughter trial . Dr. Alon Steinberg , a cardiologist called as an expert witness by the prosecution , listed Murray 's failure to immediately call for paramedics as one of six examples of gross negligence that contributed to Jackson 's death . "  If these deviations would not have happened , Mr. Jackson would be alive , " Steinberg testified . Earlier Wednesday , Murray 's defense team dropped its theory that Jackson may have orally ingested the surgical anesthetic propofol that the coroner says killed him . Lawyers for Murray will instead focus on the theory that Jackson used a syringe to inject the fatal overdose through a catheter on his left leg while Murray was away from his bedside . Murray 's defense also contends that Jackson swallowed eight tablets of lorazepam , a sedative , in a desperate search for sleep the day he died . Murray 's deviations from medical standards of care include the doctor leaving his patient alone with propofol and lorazepam nearby , which could have led to Jackson self-administering the fatal drugs , Steinberg testified . "  It 's like leaving a baby that 's sleeping on your kitchen countertop , " Steinberg said . "  There 's a very small chance the baby could fall over , or wake up and grab a knife or something . " The Los Angeles County coroner ruled that Jackson 's June 25 , 2009 , death was from "  acute propofol intoxication " in combination with several sedatives , including lorazepam . Prosecutors argue that Murray is criminally responsible for Jackson 's death because his use of propofol to treat the singer 's insomnia was grossly negligent and an extreme deviation from the standard of care required of physicians . Murray should be found guilty even if jurors accept the theory that Jackson self-administered the fatal dose because the doctor was reckless for leaving the drugs near his patient when he was not around , Steinberg testified . The possibility that Jackson drank propofol arose during Murray 's preliminary hearing in January , when a prosecution expert agreed with the defense that a higher level of propofol in his stomach compared to his blood suggested it could have happened . Both prosecution and defense experts conducted tests on animals since January 's preliminary hearing on the "  bio-availability " of propofol if consumed orally . Defense attorney Michael Flanagan agreed Wednesday that the studies showed "  propofol , when orally ingested , is not bio-available . " Another study , conducted over the summer on university students in Chile , concluded "  if you drink propofol , it will have trivial effects on the person , " Deputy District Attorney David Walgren said . "  Oral propofol did not kill Michael Jackson , " he said . The defense , in a rare moment in the trial , agreed . "  We are not going to assert at any point in time that Michael Jackson orally ingested propofol , " Flanagan said . With about three days of defense testimony expected , closing arguments could be just a week away . Steinberg is the first of three experts who will wrap up the prosecution 's case . Steinberg said he based his conclusions on Murray 's own words to detectives in an interview two days after Jackson 's death . That interview was played for jurors in the previous two days of the trial . Jackson would be alive today if Murray had called 911 for help within two minutes of realizing Jackson was not breathing , instead of waiting about 20 minutes before asking a security guard to call , Steinberg said . Earlier testimony revealed Murray did ask Jackson 's chef to send a security guard upstairs to help him about five minutes after the time prosecutors suggest he realized there was a problem with Jackson . The chef , however , testified that she sent Jackson 's 12-year-old son upstairs instead of security . Steinberg said the use of propofol to treat Jackson 's insomnia was another extreme deviation from standards that contributed to Jackson 's death . He later acknowledged a recent report from China that the anesthetic had been successfully used to treat chronic insomnia , but he suggested it needed more study to be accepted . Sleep expert Dr. Nader Kamangar testified later Wednesday that propofol has no therapeutic value in treating insomnia , and to use it is unethical and an extreme deviation from the standards of care . "  It is beyond comprehension , " Kamangar said . "  It is frankly disturbing , " Steinberg said he based his conclusions on his belief that Murray had connected Jackson to an IV drip of propofol after he gave him an injection of propofol . That assumption , he said , was made because Murray told police he had used such a drip on most previous nights . When Flanagan challenged him to show where in Murray 's police interview he said he used a drip the day Jackson died , he eventually said "  I will agree with you , it 's not completely clear . " Steinberg also said it was gross negligence that Murray was not prepared for an emergency , such as having a generator in case there was a power failure . A sleep expert and an anesthesiologist are expected to follow Steinberg on the witness stand Wednesday and Thursday . The pathologist who conducted the autopsy on Jackson testified Tuesday that while it was physically possible that Jackson could have given himself the overdose that killed him , Murray is still guilty of causing his death because he gave him access to the dangerous drugs . Dr. Christopher Rogers said Murray 's admission in a police interview that he used propofol to treat Jackson 's insomnia was a factor in his conclusion that it was a homicide , not an accidental death . He said Murray 's use of propofol in Jackson 's home without proper monitoring and resuscitation equipment or a "  precision dosing device " contributed to the singer 's propofol overdose and subsequent death . "  Essentially , the doctor would be estimating how much propofol he would be giving , " Rogers testified . "  I think it would be easy under those circumstances for the doctor to estimate wrong and give too much propofol . " Murray , in the interview played for the jury over the past two days of testimony , told detectives he gave Jackson a series of three sedatives -- Valium , lorazepam and midazolam -- over a 10-hour period before finally giving in to Jackson 's plea for propofol . "  I 've got to sleep , Dr. Conrad , " Murray said Jackson pleaded to him . "  I have these rehearsals to perform . I must be ready for the show in England . Tomorrow I will have to cancel my performance , because you know I can not function if I do n't get to sleep . " Murray said he injected a small dose of propofol using a syringe , but the prosecution contends he also used a makeshift IV setup to keep Jackson medicated and asleep . That drip may have malfunctioned while the doctor was not monitoring his patient , they contend . The propofol bottle that prosecutors say Murray used for the IV drip had a slit in the rubber top , which Rogers said is evidence it was part of the drip system . On the recording , Murray insisted he kept a close watch on Jackson after he finally fell asleep . The physician never mentioned the long list of e-mails and calls that cell phone records later revealed . Rogers testified it was unlikely that Jackson self-administered the deadly dose of propofol in the two minutes Murray said he was away from him , but he conceded under defense questioning that it was physically possible . Jackson could have reached the IV port near his left knee to self-inject propofol , he said . If Jackson pushed the drug in quickly , it could have made his heart stop immediately , Rogers said . Rogers later added , under questioning by the prosecutor , that he would still consider it a homicide even if Jackson administered the fatal overdose to himself since the doctor would have been negligent in leaving the drugs nearby . His testimony also gave some support to the defense theory that Jackson orally ingested an overdose of lorazepam from a pill bottle next to his bed . A toxicology study of Jackson 's stomach contents , conducted in recent months , showed a level of lorazepam four times higher in the stomach that in his blood . "  There would have to be some oral lorazepam taken somewhere along the line , " Rogers testified , after taking a moment to do some quick math while on the witness stand . Murray was hired as Jackson 's personal physician while the singer prepared for his "  This Is It " comeback concerts in London , planned to start in July 2009 . If convicted of involuntary manslaughter , Murray could spend four years in a California prison and lose his medical license .	NEW : Sleep expert says using propofol to treat insomnia is "  beyond comprehension " Michael Jackson would be alive now if Murray called 911 quicker , doctor says Cardiologist cites six examples of Murray 's gross negligence in Jackson 's death Defense still contends Jackson may have injected himself with the fatal dose
Tacloban , Philippines  CNN  -- The hospital applauded when the girl was born . Many pregnant women had been evacuated to give birth after Typhoon Haiyan left Tacloban 's medical centers in shambles , but the mother did n't have time . Neighbors brought her to a makeshift hospital Monday . "  The baby came out and cried right away . There was n't problems . There was no bleeding , " said . Capt. Antonio Tamayo of the Philippines air force . "  It was a perfect delivery in a very imperfect environment . " It was a small victory in an area dominated by loss . Haiyan so brutally hammered Tacloban that the national Department of Health has sent medical teams to take over hospitals so local staff can rest and the medical centers -- many of them struggling to fulfill basic needs without electricity -- can be operational again , the Philippines Daily Inquirer reported . Singapore , Germany and Norway are also sending teams . "  Our first goal is to make the hospitals function , especially if they are not structurally damaged , " Health Undersecretary Teodoro Herbosa said during a briefing , according to the newspaper . While the destruction is indiscriminate and damaged airports and blocked roads make the distribution of aid difficult , women and children are especially at risk as looting , the mobbing of relief trucks and prison breaks exacerbate an already dangerous situation , according to the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees . More than 2 million people need food aid , the Philippine government said . Nearly 300,000 of them are pregnant women or new mothers . "  Women and children are begging on the streets for donations , exposing themselves to abuse and exploitation , " the U.N. agency said in a statement . "  With power lines still down , the lack of lighting has made women and children at home and in evacuation centers more vulnerable , especially at night . " The UNHCR is also deploying "  protection experts " among the emergency teams it 's sending to the area , and it will distribute 50,000 solar-powered lanterns in hopes of lessening the the risks of "  gender-based violence " and increasing security among families who have lost their homes , it said . During the storm , survivor Jenelyn Manocsoc held her 11-month-old boy on her head to keep him out of the water as she clung to roof rafters . "  All I hear is many cries , many people crying . Many people say , ` Help ! ' " she said . She does n't know where her husband and many of her relatives are , she said . "  Now I do n't know where we go , " she said . "  It 's very traumatic . It 's very hard . " Many parents are trying to get their children out of harm 's way , a daunting task considering the level of devastation and the long line of people hoping to be evacuated . Another survivor , Jovelyn Dy , had twin boys just three weeks ago , and she desperately wants to find a safe haven for them . "  We wake up , and there 's some people inside our house , looters . They could harm my children and us as well , " she said .	Baby born in makeshift hospital was "  perfect delivery in a very imperfect environment " Roughly 300,000 pregnant women , new mothers in need of food , government says U.N. agency says it 's distributing solar-powered lamps to curb "  gender-based violence "
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Amory Lovins is an environmentalist and the chairman and chief scientist of the Rocky Mountain Institute  RMI  . Amory Lovins founded the Rocky Mountain Institute in 1982 to promote energy efficiency . Lovins , who participated in Principal Voices in 2006 , has advocated the "  soft energy path , " which promotes efficiency and renewable energy . He has also propagated concepts based on energy conservation , efficiency as well as the generation of energy at or near the site where it is actually used . The author of 29 books , who has also advised 19 heads of state , Lovins talks about the current state of renewable energy . CNN : Do you think the climate change debate puts too much emphasis on alternative energy and not enough on energy efficiency ? Amory Lovins : Yes . They 're both important and synergistic , but efficiency is generally larger , cheaper , and faster . CNN : You 've said that energy efficiency is n't costly , it 's actually profitable for businesses -- why do n't businesses focus more on this area ? AL : Smart businesses are raising their energy efficiency by about five to 15 percent per year . Inattentive businesses -- distracted by other matters , or forgetting that saved overhead , even if it 's a small fraction of total costs , drops straight to the bottom line , or lacking the leadership and attention to turn the many implementation barriers into business opportunities -- suffer high costs , increased risks , and lost competitive advantage . CNN : What are the most promising energy-saving technologies ? AL : There 's no short list of technologies ; energy efficiency can be greatly increased in essentially every use and sector , including uncompromised but safer cars , trucks , and planes , with three times the current efficiency ; buildings saving 80 to 90 percent of their energy and costing less to build ; and often several-fold more efficient factories . Overall , the U.S. could save half its oil and gas and three-fourths of its electricity at a cost equivalent to about an eighth of their price . RMI 's latest $ 30 billion worth of efficiency redesigns in 29 sectors have consistently found about 30 to 60 percent savings on retrofit , with two to three year paybacks , and about 40 to 90 percent savings in new facilities , with nearly always lower capital cost . Moreover , energy-saving technologies keep improving faster than they 're applied , so efficiency is an ever larger and cheaper resource . The big surprise is that integrative design -- not a technology , but a way of combining technologies -- can often make very big energy savings cost less than small or no savings . For more on how to achieve this , read my Stanford Engineering School lecture notes . CNN : Why do you oppose nuclear power ? AL : New nuclear plants are so extraordinarily costly that they would save about two to 11 times less carbon dioxide emission per dollar , about 20 to 40 times slower than investing the same money in efficient use of electricity or in "  micropower "  co-generation and distributed renewables  . These competitors already provide the majority of the world 's new electrical services because they cost less and have lower financial risk than central thermal power stations do . Indeed , micropower generates more electricity than nuclear power does , and has lately been adding 30 to 41 times more capacity per year . The claimed ` nuclear revival ' is not actually happening because , despite new U.S. subsidies rivaling or exceeding new nuclear plants ' total cost , no private investors have been willing to finance them anywhere in the world ; they 're bought only by governments using public funds . Nuclear power has other serious problems -- most importantly , facilitating and cloaking the spread of nuclear bombs -- but since it 's unbuildable in a free market , it fails before one reaches those issues . CNN : What can we do as individuals in our everyday lives to waste less energy ? AL : Turn off stuff we 're not using . Weatherize our homes . Combine trips , bike , walk , carpool , use public transit . Get the most efficient energy-using devices -- vehicles , appliances , lights -- we can find . Become informed . Organize efficiency improvements in your workplace and community . Set a good example . Spread the word . Vote mindfully with your ballot , actions , and dollars .	Amory Lovins says smart businesses are becoming more energy efficient He 's the chairman and chief scientist of the Rocky Mountain Institute Lovins : "  Integrative design can often make very big energy savings " Amory Lovins participated in CNN 's Principal Voices in 2006
CNN  My name is Mark Goodacre , and I am a professor of New Testament and Christian origins in the Department of Religious Studies at Duke University . I was series adviser and one of many on-camera experts on CNN 's "  Finding Jesus . " I also appeared in each episode of the program . Viewers were invited to tweet and post their questions on the "  Finding Jesus " Facebook page during the season finale about Mary Magdalene . Below are some of the most interesting , and my answers to them . They have been edited for style and clarity for this article : Anarie Kennedy : The copy we have of the Gospel of Mary Magdalene comes from the second century , but is it possible that the gospel itself could be older  like first century  ? Goodacre : Actually , the copy we saw in the show dates from the fifth century . It is currently located in Berlin , Germany . Although it 's our most complete manuscript , it is missing several pages . There are two other fragments of the Gospel of Mary , both in Greek , and both dating from the third century . It is difficult to date the Gospel itself . One of the difficulties is that there are no references to it at all in antiquity . Our best guess is that it was written at some point in the middle to late second century . Gustavo Odría : Where can we get a good translation of the Gospel of Mary Magdalene ? Goodacre : There are several good translations of the Gospel of Mary . One suggestion is Karen King 's "  The Gospel of Mary of Magdala : Jesus and the First Woman Apostle . " That book also has good introduction and discussion materials . One thing that is worth adding is that the Gospel is not actually called "  The Gospel of Mary Magdalene . " The term "  Magdalene " does not come at all in the texts we have of the Gospel . The heroine is simply called "  Mary . " Edward James Reeves : I would like to know what really happened to Mary Magdalene ? Where did she go ? Who last saw her ? Goodacre : This is one of the great mysteries about the character ! She is so prominent at the end of each of the canonical Gospels , and the reader is expecting to see more of her and to hear more about her in the rest of the New Testament , but there is nothing . She is not mentioned in Acts of the Apostles , or in Paul 's letters , or anywhere else . One possibility is that the early church suppressed her memory and chose not to tell the story of this famous female apostle . But if that is the case , it is surprising that the Gospel writers pay so much attention to her in their Passion and Resurrection narratives . Another possibility , and we touched on this in the episode , is that Mary died not long after the events narrated in the Gospels . Perhaps she was a wealthy , elderly widow ? @turnbullteacher : Would n't Church Fathers writing in the second century have written if Jesus was married or not ? Goodacre : That 's a good question . There is actually nothing in second century writers that says that Jesus was married and Clement of Alexandria  died 215 AD  takes for granted that Jesus was not married . When the "  Gospel of Jesus ' Wife " was published in 2012 , it was at first thought that this might witness to a tradition of Jesus being married from as early as the second century , but it is now clear that the fragment is a modern forgery . @anna585858 : Do you think Magdalene is a nickname or reference to Mary 's hometown ? Goodacre : It 's a good guess that "  Magdalene " refers to Magdala , and so her name would refer to her hometown , just as Jesus the "  Nazarene " is from Nazareth . There are other characters in the New Testament who are identified by their hometowns . For example Simon of Cyrene and Joseph of Arimathea . You are right , though , that it could be a nickname and that it might not have anything to do with Magdala . @AllSaintsRadio : Why was the Gospel of Mary Magdalene left out of the canon of 66 Biblical Books ? Goodacre : This is a tough one because it is not clear that it was ever in contention . The Gospel of Mary is not even mentioned in any of the extant lists of early Christian works . But in any case , the book was probably written too late to have had a chance of competing with Matthew , Mark , Luke and John , all of which are written by the end of the first or , at the latest , the beginning of the second century . Further , the Gospel of Mary 's theology is different from the theology of what became the four canonical Gospels . @StephanoleDReed : Where is it  said  that Jesus had a wife ? Goodacre : There are no ancient texts in which Jesus had a wife . The closest we get to the idea is the Gospel of Philip in which Mary Magdalene is described as Jesus ' "  companion , " one of three women who always "  walked with the Lord . " The same Gospel says that Jesus used to kiss her often , but we do n't know whereabouts he kissed her because there is a hole in the manuscript at just that point ! However , the Gospel of Philip is probably too late  late second to mid-third century  to be able to tell us anything reliable about the historical Mary Magdalene . Funding Jesus : Who bankrolled Christ 's ministry ? I would like to thank everyone for their great questions over the last six weeks . Sorry that fellow on-camera expert Candida Moss and I could not get to all of them . Thanks too for all the encouraging words about "  Finding Jesus . " We are pleased that so many of you have enjoyed and profited from watching it . If you would like to explore these issues in more detail , perhaps I might recommend my podcast , the NT Pod , which you can find on iTunes or at http://podacre.blogspot.com .	Mary Magdalene is one of the Bible 's most complicated characters Mark Goodacre , who appears in the series , answers your questions about her
MANAMA , Bahrain  CNN  -- U.S. Navy snipers fatally shot three pirates holding an American cargo-ship captain hostage after seeing that one of the pirates "  had an AK-47 leveled at the captain 's back , " a military official said Sunday . Cargo ship Capt. Richard Phillips is shown aboard the USS Boxer shortly after his rescue Sunday . The captain , who 'd been held in a lifeboat in the Indian Ocean since Wednesday , was rescued uninjured , Navy Vice Adm. Bill Gortney told reporters . Capt. Richard Phillips ' ship , the Maersk Alabama , was stormed by pirates 350 miles off Somalia on Wednesday morning . He was "  resting comfortably " on the USS Boxer after his rescue Sunday night , according to the Navy . Phillips contacted his family and received a routine medical exam after his rescue at 7:19 p.m.  12:19 p.m. ET  , the Navy Central Command said . Video from aboard the Boxer showed a smiling Phillips shaking hands with Navy personnel . "  The captain is in good health . He 's showered up and in a clean set of clothes , " Gortney said in a telephone news conference from Navy Central Command in Bahrain . In Phillips ' hometown of Underhill , Vermont , Maersk spokeswoman Alison McColl said Phillips ' wife , Andrea , had spoken to her husband by phone after his rescue . "  She was laughing while she was on the phone with him , " McColl told reporters . "  She was saying his trademark sense of humor was still very much intact , and he 's in great spirits . If you guys could have seen her light up when she talked to him , it was really remarkable . " Watch spokeswoman read statement from Phillips ' family " U.S. forces moved to rescue Phillips after seeing him in imminent danger on the lifeboat , Gortney said . A fourth pirate was negotiating Phillips ' fate aboard the nearby USS Bainbridge . "  While working through the negotiations process tonight , the on-scene commander from the Bainbridge made the decision that the captain 's life was in immediate danger , and the three pirates were killed , " Gortney said . "  The pirate who surrendered earlier today is being treated humanely ; his counterparts who continued to fight paid with their lives . " The three pirates , who were armed with AK-47 rifles , were killed by shooters who were aboard the Bainbridge , Gortney said . Watch how U.S. forces believed Phillips was in danger " The on-scene commander gave the shooters approval to open fire after seeing that "  one of the pirates had an AK-47 leveled at the captain 's back , " Gortney said . Seas in the area were getting rough at the time of the rescue , Gortney said , and the Bainbridge was towing the lifeboat presumably to calmer waters with a towline about 82 feet long . A senior defense official told CNN that each pirate was shot in the head . After the shooting , special operations personnel shimmied along the tow rope to ensure the pirates were dead and freed Phillips , the official said . The official added that the pirates had become increasingly agitated over the past day , and negotiations were not going well . The fourth pirate was aboard the Bainbridge most of the day and told military negotiators that he was n't going back to the other pirates , according to a defense official with knowledge of the situation . Federal prosecutors would be "  reviewing the evidence and other issues " to determine whether that pirate would be prosecuted in the United States , Justice Department spokesman Dean Boyd said . It 's the first time in modern history that the United States has in custody a pirate who carried out an attack on a U.S. citizen , said a senior U.S. official with knowledge of the situation . The source said figuring out what to do with the pirate is a sensitive issue . Phillips ' rescue came a day after he dove into the water in an attempt to escape his captors , Gortney said . The pirates "  shot in the water at him " but eventually recaptured him , Gortney said . Maersk Line Limited President and CEO John Reinhart called Phillips "  a leader of men ... -LSB- and -RSB- a brave and courageous man . " He said he has spoken with Phillips and said the captain is "  feeling quite good . " Phillips and his family , through Reinhart , expressed gratitude to the U.S. Navy . "  I actually was more concerned for his family , " said Adm. Rick Gurnon , head of the Massachusetts Maritime Academy , where Phillips had trained . "  As a captain in sea , in a lifeboat , he was comfortable -- even if he was sharing it with Somali pirates . " Watch Massachusetts Maritime Academy celebrate rescue " Gurnon stressed that while Phillips was rescued , more than 200 mariners remain captives at sea . "  The pirates have a great business model that works for them : See ships , take ransom , make millions , " he told reporters . At the White House , President Obama issued a statement saying he is "  very pleased that Capt. Phillips has been rescued and is safely on board the USS Boxer . " "  His safety has been our principal concern , and I know this is a welcome relief to his family and his crew , " Obama 's statement said . "  We remain resolved to halt the rise of piracy in this region . " Obama had given standing orders for the military to take "  decisive action " if Phillips was in "  imminent danger , " Gortney said . Phillips offered himself as a hostage after the pirates stormed the U.S.-flagged Alabama Wednesday morning , according to Maersk . Crew members have said that after the pirates stormed the ship , they overpowered one pirate and tied him up . The crew released the pirate Wednesday , hoping to exchange him for Phillips , but the pirates instead retreated to the lifeboat with Phillips , leaving the Alabama to its crew . View a timeline of the attack and its aftermath " Maersk Alabama crew members , who guided the ship to port in Mombasa , Kenya , on Saturday , were "  jubilant " when they received word of the rescue , a statement from the company said . Gortney said the Alabama had reported being harassed by pirates the day before the pirates ' successful attack on Wednesday . When the Alabama crew made the call , "  our closest vessel from all the navies that were out there -- we have 16 navies that are patrolling those waters -- and the closest one was the USS Bainbridge , and it was over 300 nautical miles " away he said . CNN 's Zain Verjee , Barbara Starr , Kate Bolduan , Carol Cratty and Mike Mount contributed to this report .	U.S. forces killed 3 pirates after seeing captain in "  immediate danger , " Navy says American captain freed after being held hostage by pirates since Wednesday Richard Phillips "  is in good health , " Navy officer says Fourth pirate taken into custody
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- India 's financial capital of Mumbai was put on a high-tide alert with officials expecting a water rise of up to 197 inches  5 meters  . High tides lash the coast near the Gateway of India in Mumbai on Thursday . Sea tides are expected to rise 5 meters Friday , 4.9 meters Saturday and 4.7 meters Sunday , according to a bulletin by the Municipal Corporation of Greater Mumbai . "  We have installed water pumps along the coast and advise the people to avoid beaches , " said Jagtab , an official at the disaster management control room . Floodgates may also be closed in case the threat mounts , he added . High tides are also forecast from August 19 to 23 . At least 467 people have died in floods in India from this season 's monsoon rains , federal authorities said in their latest report . Flooding has affected about 1.7 million people in parts of India , according to the disaster management division of the federal home ministry . The country 's main weather office has warned of heavy rains in western and central parts of India .	India 's financial capital of Mumbai put on a high-tide alert Officials expect a water rise of up to 197 inches  5 meters Sea tides expected to rise 5 meters Friday , 4.9 meters Saturday , 4.7 meters Sunday High tides also forecast from August 19 to 23
A man purported to be the notorious leader of the so-called Islamic State appeared at a mosque in Mosul , calling on people to carry out a holy war , according to witnesses and a video posted to the extremist group 's website . A video promoted on social media sites tied to the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria purports to show Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi leading Friday prayers at the Great Mosque of al-Nuri in Mosul , a move that comes weeks after ISIS seized control of Iraq 's second-largest city . If it is al-Baghdadi , it would be one of the first known appearances of the militant leader to be captured on video . Very few images have been made public of al-Baghdadi . The Iraqi government has seen the video and is analyzing it , a spokesman in Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki 's office told CNN . The U.S. government also is looking into it . In the video , the man purported to be al-Baghdadi urges people to follow his call to create a "  caliphate , " an Islamic state , in Iraq and Syria , and wage "  jihad " during Ramadan -- the holy month of fasting for Muslims that began last week . "  God created us to worship him and spread his religion , and ordered us to fight his enemies for him and for religion , " the man said . During the sermon , the man said Muslims are sinners if they did not seek this goal of establishing an Islamic state . Will al Qaeda fight ISIS Islamic state ? "  I am being entrusted with this heavy burden and duty to be your imam , although I am not the best one among you , " he said . "  Therefore , if you see me as righteous , you should help me and if you see me wrong , you should advise me and help me . Obey me as long as long as I obey God in ruling you . ... If I disobey God , then you are no longer obligated to obey me . " Al-Baghdadi 's appearance comes days after ISIS declared him as the leader of its new "  caliphate , " or Islamic state , extending from Aleppo in northeastern Syria to the Diyala province in Iraq . The extremist group also said it was changing its name from the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria to "  the Islamic State . " CNN can not independently verify the authenticity of the video , which shows dozens of people , including men who appear to be bodyguards , listening to the sermon and praying . Several automatic weapons are displayed near the man delivering the sermon . Al-Baghdadi was never identified by name , only as "  the emir of the believers , " according to a woman who was at the mosque when he arrived . CNN is identifying the witness only as Bara'a out of a concern for her safety . "  It was a terrifying Friday , " she said . The video identifies the man as Al-Khalifah Ibrahim , the name al-Baghdadi now goes by with his followers since ISIS declared the creation of the so-called "  Islamic State " -- a move that enraged many Muslims . Four to five minutes before the sermon was to begin , the imam at the mosque was told , in front of followers , to step down , Bara'a told CNN . Then , black vehicles with blacked-out windows pulled up out front of the mosque , she said . The men who got out of the vehicles were chanting "  Allahu Akbar "  God is great  as they walked in . "  The emir of the believers , he will give the sermon , " said one of the men who arrived with al-Baghdadi . "  So listen to him . " Those who accompanied al-Baghdadi took over the first row in the mosque , she said . In the video , the faces of the people in that row are blurred . Bara'a was sitting on the second floor of the mosque , an area designated for women to gather during the sermon . "  We were crying quietly , fearing they will figure out we were crying out of fear and that they would harm us , " she said . "  We were kept in the mosque for an hour . There were a number of gunmen who blocked the door . " Very little is known about al-Baghdadi , but a biography posted on jihadist websites last year said he earned a doctorate in Islamic studies from a university in Baghdad . He formed the militant group in Salaheddin and Diyala provinces north of the Iraqi capital before joining al Qaeda in Iraq . Al-Baghdadi was detained for four years in Camp Bucca , which was a U.S.-run prison in southern Iraq . He was released in 2009 .	Video refers to speaker as Al-Khalifah Ibrahim , a name he goes by with followers Iraq and U.S. governments say they are looking into the video Group says it 's changing its name from Islamic State of Iraq and Syria to "  Islamic State " Very little is known about Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi , the leader of the so-called Islamic State
An Indian drug company executive allegedly tampered with and destroyed evidence after a dozen women died following sterilization surgeries , an official said Friday . Ramesh Mahawar , the head of Mahawar Pharmaceuticals , and his son Sumeet are also accused of forgery , Sonmoni Borah , commissioner of Bilaspur district in India 's Chhattisgarh state , told CNN on Friday . In addition , all sales of their company 's products have been banned until further notice , Borah said . The two men 's arrests follow a police raid Thursday evening on a Mahawar Pharmaceuticals facility in Raipur , capital of Chhattisgarh state . A day earlier , the surgeon involved in more than 80 sterilization operations Saturday at a mobile clinic -- after which a dozen women died and scores more were hospitalized -- was taken into custody . Dr. R.K. Gupta was charged with negligence and attempted culpable homicide in the women 's deaths , according to Borah . He remains in custody Friday . Gupta had defended his actions before his arrest , telling CNN that he and his team had followed all necessary safety procedures . He also said the women died because of drugs they received in their villages after the surgeries . Mahawar Pharmaceuticals produced the antibiotic , Ciprofloxacin , that the women took after Saturday 's surgeries , Borah said . The current charge that Ramesh Mahawar and his son face does n't implicate either of them directly in the women 's deaths . But authorities -- who are waiting on lab results to specify the women 's cause of death -- could decide to bring more charges against them later . The deaths have put a spotlight on India 's decadelong initiative to curb population growth . Voluntary sterilization surgeries at mobile "  camps " are part of that program , though some activists said they are too often conducted in unsafe and dangerous conditions .	Official : The head of Mahawar Pharmaceuticals and his son are arrested Executive allegedly tampered with and destroyed evidence , the official says Twelve who died after surgeries took an antibiotic from the company , he says The surgeon is charged with negligence , attempted culpable homicide
MEXICO CITY , Mexico  CNN  -- More than 11,500 public servants have been suspended or fined for corruption during the past two years , the Mexican government said . Mexican President Felipe Calderon , at right , spoke at the National Public Security Session last month . "  We have made an important effort to oversee the good use of public funds , " said President Felipe Calderon on Tuesday . "  We have broken up networks of corruption in Pemex -LSB- the state-owned oil company -RSB- , ... in customs or in areas linked to construction of public works . " Some 40 agents of the attorney general and of the secretary of security also are under investigation for presumed ties to drug cartels . Some are accused of receiving money from the narcotraffickers in exchange for information . Among them is the nation 's former anti-drug czar , Noe Ramirez , who is accused of receiving $ 500,000 per month for passing information to the Pacific Cartel . Although organized crime has penetrated state institutions charged with fighting crime , Calderon said he had a program intended to work on that . Watch what Mexico is grappling with " "  With Operation Cleanup , we will continue acting against police , agents , public ministers or any servant implicated in corruption who may have crossed over the line to crime . " The problem extends beyond bureaucracy . A poll by the organization International Transparency shows that Mexico is one of the emerging countries where businesses are more open to paying bribes . In all , 38 percent of Mexican businesses surveyed said they tended to use relationships with friends or relatives to obtain public contracts , and 32 percent said they had bribed politicians and government workers . "  Clearly , this lends itself to corruption , " said Jose Claudio Trevino , a senior manager with Ernst & Young in Mexico . Corruption is rampant in the private sector , particularly in deals that involve buying or selling , he said . According to official studies , more than 100 million acts of corruption are committed in the country each year , and the typical family spends the equivalent of 25 percent of its income on bribes .	International Transparency poll : Businesses in Mexico more open to paying bribes Organized crime has penetrated state institutions charged with fighting crime Some 40 government agents under investigation for presumed ties to drug cartels
Health.com  -- Some children and teens are more likely than their peers to become addicted to the Internet , and a new study suggests it 's more likely to happen if kids are depressed , hostile , or have attention deficit hyperactivity disorder or social phobia . Teenagers who use the Internet so much that it interferes with everyday life and decision-making may be addicted . Although an Internet addiction is not an official diagnosis , signs of a potential problem include using the Internet so much for game playing or other purposes that it interferes with everyday life and decision-making ability .  The diagnosis is being considered for the 2012 edition of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders , the "  bible " of mental ailments published by the American Psychiatric Association  . Past research suggests that 1.4 percent to 17.9 percent of adolescents are addicted to the Internet , with percentages higher in Eastern nations than in Western nations , according to the study published Monday in the Archives of Pediatrics & Adolescent Medicine . The Internet as therapy In the survey of 2,293 seventh-grade students in Taiwan , 10.8 percent developed an Internet addiction , which was determined by a high score on an Internet addiction scale . Definitions vary , but an Internet addiction usually includes symptoms such as spending a lot of time on the Internet  especially more time than intended  , an inability to cut back on usage , a preoccupation with online activities , and symptoms of withdrawal such as anxiety , boredom , or irritability after a few days of not going online . The researchers from Kaohsiung Medical University Hospital , in Taiwan , followed the youngsters for two years and found that ADHD and hostility were linked to Internet addiction in children in general . In girls -- but not boys -- depression and social phobia also predicted problems . Health.com : Therapy that can help depression Boys were at a higher risk of Internet addiction than girls , and those who used the Internet for more than 20 hours a week , every day , or for online gaming , were at higher risk as well . Michael Gilbert , a senior fellow at the Center for the Digital Future at the University of Southern California 's Annenberg School for Communication , says the findings were no surprise . "  The study 's indication that children who are hyperactive or diagnosed ADHD are finding an outlet on the Web makes such perfect sense , " he says , because those children crave the constant stimulation of fast-paced video games and interactive social networks . Health.com : What your teen needs to know about sex Kids with depression , anger issues , or social problems also turn to the Internet as therapy , adds Gilbert , who was not involved in the study . "  They can take on an avatar or a different identity , and can contact other kids with the same problems and social inadequacies ; they do n't have to function in conventional social ways . " And while Gilbert is not surprised by the research -- he regularly studies the impact of the Internet and cell phone usage on family relationships -- he says it 's important that it is given the attention it deserves . "  I do n't get the feeling when I talk to therapists that they really understand the concept of addiction to the Internet , " he says . "  They think more in terms of pornography sites or gambling sites specifically , but Internet addiction itself is not fully understood yet by the therapeutic community . " What parents , doctors , and teachers can do Internet addiction may be not as widespread in the U.S. -- or at least not as well recognized -- as in Asian countries . In 2008 , for example , a Chinese survey showed that more than four million teenagers spend more than six hours a day online . Health.com : How to care for someone who is suicidal But if at-risk children -- such as those identified in the Taiwanese study -- are given sufficient time and exposure without careful monitoring , Internet addiction could easily become one of the most chronic childhood diseases in America , says Dr. Dimitri A. Christakis of the Center for Child Health , Behavior , and Development , in Seattle . Our culture practically mandates time online , he says , with Wi-Fi connections in coffee shops and BlackBerries and iPhones that allow Internet access almost anywhere . "  It would be as if we mandated that everyone drink two beers every day or everyone gamble for an hour every day , " says Christakis . Internet addiction among younger generations may often go unnoticed , however , because parents and pediatricians themselves are using the Web more than they 'd like . Health.com : Health hazards hidden in college dorms Since adolescents can not easily avoid computers , treatment for addiction can not simply involve abstaining from the Internet , says Christakis . Parents , educators , and medical professionals need to identify high-risk children early on and monitor their Internet usage to prevent problem behavior from forming . Time on the Internet needs to be monitored as well , especially for children who may be at high risk for addiction because of depression , ADHD , or social problems , says Christakis . "  You ca n't tell a kid never to use the Internet the way you 'd tell an alcoholic never to have a drink again , " he adds . "  But parents need to be thinking about what types of Internet or online gaming are particularly addictive . Ones that allow for continuous , real-time feedback are particularly risky . " Gilbert says that families should strive to make the Internet a healthy part of their home life . "  Putting the computer in a very public place , like the hallway , can integrate the Internet into normal life , rather than it becoming something you go off and do in secret , " he says . Health.com : I 'm bipolar and struggle with addiction Teachers and health-care professionals should also take the potential for Internet addiction seriously , according to Christakis , who cowrote an editorial published with the study . "  Our intention in raising this concern is not to be alarmist but rather to alert pediatricians to what might become a major public health problem for the United States in the 21st century , " he writes . The National Science Council of Taiwan funded the study . Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright Health Magazine 2009	Study found boys were at a higher risk of Internet addiction than girls Doctor : Treatment for addiction can not involve simply abstaining from the Internet Internet addiction may be not as widespread in the U.S. as in Asian countries It could become one of the most chronic childhood diseases in America , doctor says
Another Hollywood movie is running afoul of a foreign government this month . "  Exodus : Gods and Kings " was banned in Egypt . "  The Ministry of Culture bans the film ` Gods and Kings ' for historical inaccuracies , " the Egyptian agency said in a statement . The movie , which stars Christian Bale as Moses , is a re-enactment of the biblical story of the Jews ' escape from slavery in Egypt more than 3,000 years ago , during the time of the pharaohs . Australian actor Joel Hedgerton plays the Pharaoh Ramses in the 20th Century Fox production . Egyptian Culture Minister Jabir Asfour slammed the film as "  Zionist . " "  It shows history from a Zionist viewpoint and forges historical events , therefore it is was banned in Egypt , " according to state news agency EGYNews . In 1956 , the same biblical story was told in "  The Ten Commandments " starring Charlton Heston as Moses and Yul Brynner as Ramses . That version was filmed on location in Egypt . "  Exodus " is the latest in Hollywood 's string of religious-themed movies released this year . In March , several Muslim countries banned the blockbuster "  Noah , " saying the depiction of Noah -- whom Muslims revere as a prophet -- is forbidden in Islam . News of the ban comes on the heels of the limited release of "  The Interview , " the movie that provoked North Korea to vow "  merciless " action against the United States over its lampooning of leader Kim Jong Un . On Saturday , North Korea called U.S. President Barack Obama the "  chief culprit " who forced Sony to "  indiscriminately distribute " the picture .	Egypt bans the movie "  Exodus : Gods and Kings " Ministry of Culture cites "  historical inaccuracies " The movie portrays the biblical story of enslaved Jews fleeing Egypt
Here 's a thought that might make even the most conscientious e-mail user nervous : "  When the CIA director can not hide his activities online , what hope is there for the rest of us ? " The American Civil Liberties Union posed this question in a recent blog post . The group , of course , was referring to the scandal involving David Petraeus , who resigned as head of the spy agency after the FBI uncovered e-mails indicating he was having an affair with his biographer , Paula Broadwell . The story has gotten lots of media attention , in part for its soap-operatic qualities . Less discussed , however , at least outside the technology press , is what this e-mail-based investigation says about privacy and surveillance in the digital age . Here 's a quick look at some of the more surprising issues : E-mail -- even anonymous e-mail -- is not as secure as you think : E-mails do n't just carry a subject line and whatever you type into them . These digital missives also tote along with them packets of information called "  metadata " or "  headers , " which may contain information about where the message was sent from . That can help investigators corroborate who sent an e-mail , even if it comes from an anonymous account . "  In the case of Yahoo Mail and Outlook that includes the IP address of the connection used to send an email , so investigators do n't need to subpoena a mail provider to trace its origin , " Tom Simonite writes for the MIT Technology Review . Forbes writer Parmy Olson summarizes the situation this way : "  In these days of constant communication by mobile and desktop , it 's almost impossible to leave zero trace of a digital footprint , even if you do send e-mails through an anonymous account . " Communicating by saving e-mail drafts on a joint account is old hat : Some reports indicate Petraeus tried to communicate with his mistress by setting up a joint e-mail account with her and then saving messages in the account 's draft folder . So , essentially , they may have been e-mailing each other without actually sending an e-mail . That sounds smart , right ? Very James Bond .  Or very al Qaeda . But the technique has become so dated that it 's no longer much of a cover . "  If we know that kind of subterfuge is being used by terrorists , " writes Patrick Radden Keefe for The New Yorker , "  then it 's almost axiomatically an inadequate counter-surveillance option . " The ACLU 's Chris Soghoian writes that saving e-mails in draft form instead of sending them may , paradoxically , make it easier for investigators to access the messages . U.S. digital privacy law was written before e-mail was popular : Here 's a doozy . The privacy law that governs digital communications was last updated in 1986 , or , as the ACLU puts it , when "  there was no World Wide Web , nobody carried a cell phone , and the only ` social networking ' two-year-old Mark Zuckerberg  now the CEO of Facebook  was doing was at pre-school or on play dates . " The law , called the Electronic Communications Privacy Act , has some seemingly odd provisions , including one that , according to Wired , allows authorities to access e-mail that 's more than 6 months old without a warrant from a judge . All that 's needed is a subpoena , which is easier to obtain . "  It 's not yet clear on precisely what legal authority the FBI obtained access to Broadwell 's e-mail , " The New Yorker says , "  but under the relevant federal statute , the Electronic Communications Privacy Act , the government need do little more than ask . " Tech companies want to make it harder for law enforcement to read your e-mail : As Heather Kelly reports for CNN , the tech companies that control most of the digital info stored by Americans these days actually want that law to change . "  Google is an active member of the Digital Due Process Coalition , which has been pushing for reform of the ECPA , " she writes . "  The group 's members include Apple , Amazon , the ACLU , Facebook , Google and Twitter along with a slew of other big-name tech companies and civil liberties groups . " The U.S. Justice Department opposes reform on the grounds it would make it more difficult for investigators to obtain e-mail communications . Still , search engines may pose the biggest privacy threat : It 's worth noting that when you send an e-mail or post something on Facebook , you usually expect someone else to see it , although maybe not everyone , and probably not the FBI . As John Herrman writes for BuzzFeed , however , search engines such as Google are the ones that know your "  real secrets " since it does n't feel like anyone else would see what you 're searching for . But , because of search , Google "  knows the things you would n't ask your friends . It knows things you ca n't ask your spouse . It knows the things you have n't asked your doctor yet . It knows things that you ca n't ask anyone else and that might not have been asked at all before Google existed , " he writes . "  Google 's servers are a repository of the developed world 's darkest and most heartbreaking secrets , a vast closet lined with millions of digital skeletons that , should they escape , would spare nobody . " The search engine does anonymize data over time . "  We strike a reasonable balance between the competing pressures we face , such as the privacy of our users , the security of our systems and the need for innovation . We believe anonymizing IP addresses after 9 months and cookies in our search engine logs after 18 months strikes the right balance , " Google says on an FAQ page about privacy . So maybe all online communications -- every last Internet-connected keystroke -- should be thought of as public , until proven otherwise ? Let us know what you think in the  newly improved  comments section below .	The David Petraeus scandal raises interesting questions about privacy in the digital era The U.S. law governing digital privacy was last updated in 1986 Tech companies and the ACLU want to see protections in the law tightened
CNN  -- Portuguese football coach Jose Mourinho , ever the headline creator , has caused further outcry this week after he substituted Ghanaian midfielder Sulley Muntari from his Inter Milan side during their Italian Serie A clash with Bari . Inter midfielder Sulley Muntari was substitued Jose Mourinho for his low-energy levels as a result of fasting . Taking a tired player from the field of play was hardly breaking news , at least it was n't until Mourinho revealed the move had been prompted because the player 's perceived "  low-energy levels " were as a result of fasting . Muntari is a practicing Muslim who , like many of the same faith around the world , is currently not eating during the hours of daylight to mark the Ramadan holy period . Should fasting footballers be dropped by their managers ? Sound Off below . A discipline that clearly irked Mourinho who said in a post-match press conference : "  Muntari had some problems related to Ramadan , perhaps with this heat it 's not good for him to be doing this  fasting  . Ramadan has not arrived at the ideal moment for a player to play a football match . " Muslim leaders in Italy have criticized the opinions of the coach known as the "  Special One " , but Mourinho did not rule out the possibility of dropping the player for the Milan derby between arch rivals Inter Milan and AC Milan this weekend for the same reason . Click here to see our gallery of the top 10 Muslim football stars " Elsewhere in Italy , fellow Muslim and Siena striker Abdelkader Ghezzal added to the debate by revealing he can not fast and play at the same time . "  I 've always observed Ramadan but I have had to change my habits for health reasons from the first year that I became a professional . Before that I played at Crotone -LSB- while fasting -RSB- but after two weeks I felt ill and had to stop . " Egypt 's Under-20 football squad passed up the chance to break the Ramadan fast to help them prepare for the forthcoming World Youth Championship which they host at the end of September . The Egyptian Football Association confirmed that the Dar al-Ifta , the country 's institution which clarifies religious principles and issues edicts , had given specific permission for the players to legitimately avoid fasting . It is not just Ramadan which has caused issues between Muslim players and their clubs . The beliefs of Sevilla striker Freddie Kanoute have conflicted with the demands of his professional career . Kanoute taped over the logo of the Sevilla club 's shirt sponsors - internet gaming company 888 . com -- in 2006 because he said Islam forbade the promotion of gambling . So is Mourinho right to take account of how religious practices may affect his players ' performance ? Is it wrong to drop a fasting footballer whose energy levels may be lower than his teammates ? Should Mourinho contemplate that a player of faith may perform better in a period of self-enforced discipline ? Were the Egyptian players right to carry on fasting even though they were given permission to break the fast ? If Kanoute right to bring his religious beliefs into his place of work ? And can sport and religion ever be separated in a satisfactory way?Let us know your thoughts in the Sound Off box below .	Jose Mourinho substituted Sulley Muntari because he had been low energy The Ghanaian midfielder is a Muslim and had been fasting during Ramadan Egypt 's national youth team turned down the opportunity to break the fast Let us know if fasting footballers should dropped in the Sound Off below
Aimee Curry recalls sitting on her couch one day , her back contorted , as spasms -- remnants of a car accident that almost killed her in 1992 -- rippled up and down her back . A friend who had been visiting that day left , saying she would bring back some medication . "  She came back with pot , " said Curry , who says at first she was aghast . "  I was like , ' I ca n't smoke that , my daddy said no , ' " said Curry , 39 , whose father is an ordained minister . " ' I ca n't do that , it 's bad . ' " "  But I was in so much pain , and they were promising me , ` Aimee , this will take the pain away . ' " Curry ignored the preaching voice in her head and tried the marijuana . Soon after she mastered the inhale , she says , her back muscles relaxed . Her pain did not melt away -- it still hurt when she finally got up from the couch -- but , Curry said , "  I did n't care . " "  It states in the Bible not to abuse a drug , it does n't say you ca n't use it , " said Curry . "  If you ask me , cannabis is a gift from God . " Dr. Sanjay Gupta : ` Doubling down ' on medical marijuana While some in the religious community may take issue with Curry 's interpretation of the Bible , the scientific foundation for cannabis as a medical treatment , especially as it relates to treating pain , is solid . Pain is the most common condition for which medical cannabis is taken , and one of the few for which there is promising clinical data in humans . According to doctors who prescribe cannabis for pain , the current wave of U.S. legalization is bringing an unintended side effect : a greatly-reduced need , and in some cases complete cessation , of opioid-based prescription medications . Dr. Mark Rabe , a Northwestern University School of Medicine-trained physician who treats Curry , said he sees it among his own patients . "  Patients often come into my office and drop down a brown bag full of pill bottles on my desk and say , ` I 'm off Oxycodone ; I 'm off muscle relaxants . I 'm off Ambien ; I 'm off Trazodone , ' because medical cannabis does the job better , " said Rabe , who runs Centric Wellness in San Diego . "  Time after time these patients tell me that medical cannabis works better than the pills , and with fewer side effects . " Side effects of cannabis are well-known to both medical and recreational users -- dry mouth , red eyes and insatiable cravings -- while opioids ' side effects can include nausea , constipation and an ironic hyper-sensitivity to pain . A more stark contrast between the two : Since 1999 , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , the number of accidental overdose deaths associated with opioids  also called opiates  went up about 400 % . Cannabis researchers say it is virtually impossible to overdose on cannabis . "  Cannabis has such a good safety profile and is much less addictive than opiates , " said Rabe . "  In my mind , cannabis is a good potential replacement for opiates . " Dr. Donald Abrams , a leading researcher on pain and cannabis , said that clinical data supports cannabis as a treatment for pain -- especially among cancer and HIV/AIDS patients with neuropathy , a painful condition involving nerve damage . What 's up with legalization of medical marijuana Anecdotally , he said he has encountered many patients who have used cannabis to either reduce their need for opioids or get rid of them altogether . Abrams described a recent scenario involving a 58-year-old patient with diabetes suffering with neuropathic pain . "  She had already lost two toes and they told her in the ER not to use cannabis for her pain relief , " said Abrams , chief of hematology and oncology at San Francisco General Hospital . "  She said to me , ` When they give me pain meds they make me feel awful , and cannabis works . ' " It may work , but among pain physicians , receptiveness to cannabis as a viable therapy is muted , and complicated . One such physician said that the debate is not about whether cannabis-based medications -- like Marinol , which is approved for use in patients by the Food and Drug Administration -- help with pain , especially among cancer patients . They do , he said . "  I think that debate should be put to rest , " said Dr. Jay Joshi , CEO and medical director of National Pain Centers , adding that overzealous proponents may be clouding the real issues surrounding cannabis . "  I see the enthusiasm for marijuana kind of like the enthusiasm we had for opiates years ago . "  A few years down the road I think you 're going to see problems from this liberalization of marijuana , " he added . "  We 've seen these pendulums swing before and reality is somewhere in the middle . " Joshi said that , despite how it is framed , cannabis is not always safe . Some of the hundreds of chemicals inhaled when cannabis is smoked , he said , are lipophilic -- they have an affinity for fat cells -- so that they stick to nerve and brain cells for months or years . That could prove problematic over the long-term , he said . And , Joshi said , smoked marijuana introduces hundreds of chemicals to the body , some of which could prove harmful to the brain over time . 3-year-old is focus of medical marijuana battle "  I do n't think  cannabis  is risk-free and there 's no long-term potential side effects , " said Joshi , who also is chief medical officer and director of Wellness Center USA . Those who tout that , he said , "  are drinking a little too much of the Kool-Aid . No medication is risk-free . " The issue , say cannabis researchers , is relative risk . To bolster his case for cannabis Rabe cites patient safety data . According to the FDA , in 2011 , 98,518 patients died in association with drugs approved by the agency , while 573,111 had serious outcomes -- hospitalization , disability , or some other life-threatening situation . "  Nearly 100,000 die from FDA-monitored drugs , " said Rabe . "  If you look at those kind of numbers and then you hear about the properties of cannabinoids , it makes sense that there is increasing interest in something other than what pharmaceuticals have to offer . " What medicine offers in the distant future may reside somewhere between what doctors like Rabe and Abrams -- and Joshi -- are currently offering their patients . A small study , authored by Abrams , published in 2011 , found that taking cannabis in combination with opioids may enhance pain relief , reduce side effects of opioids and -- possibly most importantly -- reduce the dosage needed for both drugs . More , and bigger , studies need to echo those results -- and cannabis needs to be rescheduled by the Drug Enforcement Agency -- before mainstream pain physicians get onboard . Right now , it is a Schedule I drug -- what the DEA classifies as "  drugs with no currently accepted medical use and a high potential for abuse . " "  If  cannabis  was rescheduled I think there are a lot of physicians , including myself , that would not only reconsider it but would probably prescribe it , " said Joshi . "  A lot of doctors are scared to prescribe something when the actual drug itself is Schedule I. " In the meantime , patients like Curry , who have become staunch proponents of medical cannabis , are confounded by the debate . "  I do n't get why the government can recommend narcotics , your doctor can prescribe you Percocet or Oxycontin and you can literally die if you take too much , " said Curry . "  But if you smoke too much pot you 'll just ... fall asleep . " She said that her father 's voice alternates between a whisper and roar in her mind as she considers her future use of medicinal cannabis . Today , she is leaning toward honoring her father . But when the pain comes , "  God 's gift " may override everything .	Aimee Curry found marijuana helped her pain Doctors say medical marijuana may reduce the need for opioids One expert cautions that cannabis is not always safe Rescheduling the drug would likely lead to greater medical acceptance
Momentum in the Senate may be building for passage of a comprehensive immigration reform bill after a border security deal was announced this week , but House GOP opposition to immigration legislation remains the biggest roadblock to a bill getting to the president 's desk , and that opposition only appears to be hardening . Senate immigration deal includes tougher border security The messy demise of the farm bill on the House floor on Thursday demonstrated the divisions within GOP ranks and the willingness of dozens of rank-and-file members to ignore their leadership . While there 's not a clear parallel between that bill 's failure and the road ahead for immigration reform , the episode does underline the exceedingly tough task House Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio , faces as he attempts to guide immigration legislation through the House . Boehner insists he wants to tackle immigration reform , but has n't been clear about how he intends to navigate the controversial issue through his own conference . CNN Poll : Big generational divide in immigration battle "  After all this talk about the Senate there has been so little focus on the House and that it has been , pre-farm vote -- and will continue to be post-farm vote -- the choke point for any immigration reform , " Amy Walter , national editor of the Cook Political Report told CNN . House GOP leaders knew many conservatives would vote against the farm bill because they viewed the food-stamp programs as too expensive . But 62 members , roughly a quarter of all House Republicans , broke with Boehner , who made a rare endorsement of the bill , and joined with the vast majority of House Democrats to take down the bill . Even if Democrats produced the level of support Republicans say they anticipated , GOP leaders still did n't have support within their own ranks to get the farm bill through . The farm bill 's defeat "  exposed the vulnerabilities of so called compromise legislation in the House , " Walter added . But even before the farm bill fiasco Boehner began pouring cold water on the immigration momentum coming out of the Senate . As news was breaking on the Senate deal on Thursday morning Boehner compared immigration reform to Obamacare , the bill Republicans constantly malign as the prime example of government overreach . "  Every day as Obamacare is being implemented , Americans are reminded of what happens when you have big legislation rammed through Congress with minimum support , " Boehner said at his weekly news conference . "  Americans ' confidence in their government is near an all-time low , so if immigration reform is going to work it 's essential that we have the confidence of the American people and that it 's done the right way , " the speaker added . The deliberate move to put immigration in the same category as Obamacare showed Boehner is in no mood to muscle through a massive immigration overhaul unless it can garner significant votes from both sides of the aisle -- a tall order in the House . Boehner did n't comment directly on the new "  border surge " provisions that would double the number of agents on the U.S.-Mexico border or the new money to construct a 700-mile-long fence . But he raised questions on whether that plan would be enough to address concerns among conservatives , saying , "  If we 're going to get the kind of bipartisan support I think we need , and we 're not going to get that confidence unless the American people look up and say , ` Yes , this border security package meets the straight-face test . ' " Another key House GOP player on immigration reform , Judiciary Committee Chairman Bob Goodlatte , R-Virginia , was skeptical that the Senate 's border security plan was going to work , telling reporters , "  Just throwing bodies at it " does not solve the problem . Goodlatte said the larger issue is addressing the 35 % -45 % of the 11 million people in the U.S. without legal status who he says enter the country lawfully -- through visas , but are allowed to overstay or gain a waiver to remain . He argued there has to be a bigger emphasis on interior enforcement programs . And Goodlatte repeated his intention to move immigration reform through a "  step by step " process instead of the sort of comprehensive bill the Senate is considering . Navarrette : Border security push is a joke "  Anything attached to a path to citizenship even if it secures the border I would n't support it , " Pennsylvania Republican Rep. Lou Barletta said when asked by CNN about the Senate 's new border security plan . Barletta said he could support additional resources but said he wanted "  a guarantee " that enforcement measures in fact worked , and he thought what the Senate was doing would end up speeding up eventual citizenship for undocumented workers , something he said was unacceptable . "  I do n't have any confidence that it 's ever going to be implemented , " Iowa Republican Rep. Steve King told CNN when asked about the Senate border security plan , saying he did n't believe Secretary of Homeland Security Janet Napolitano would follow the law . The dynamic inside the House Republican conference on immigration could be seen outside the Capitol on Wednesday afternoon with two groups delivering polar opposite messages about immigration policy . House GOP Conference Chair Cathy McMorris Rogers , R-Washington , held a news conference with several House Republicans and a group of Hispanic religious leaders and stressed the party 's outreach efforts to Latinos on immigration . Just yards away , the loud voices of a hundreds of activists opposed to a path to citizenship -- branded "  amnesty " -- could be heard at an event King organized . Boehner already made it clear earlier in the week that he would only move an immigration bill if it had the support of the majority of House Republicans . But even if he gets more than half of the 234 House GOP members , he 'll still needs to rely on House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi to get most of her members on board to pass a bill . Democratic support for immigration reform has never been in question . But House Republican congressional aides , still incensed about the failure of the farm bill , question whether Democrats on Capitol Hill are more focused on scoring political points in the next election than joining with them to pass a bill . "  How are we supposed to trust a promise or a whip count from House Democrats now ? " one senior House GOP leadership aide said when asked about what the farm bill 's defeat means on immigration . Walter noted that all along many Republicans on the Hill have been suspicious about how serious congressional Democrats were about actually getting an immigration bill over the finish line . "  It speaks to this deep seeded belief among many Republicans that Democrats are going to pull the rug out from them and use it to beat them about the head in 2014 , " Walter explained to CNN . The Senate could be on track to pass its immigration package before July 4 , but the bipartisan group in the House that has been working for months on a similar proposal has n't been able to finalize their deal yet . The House Judiciary Committee has begun working on more narrow proposals aimed at enforcement and security , and those could come up for votes as early as next month . Even those in the House who are pressing for major immigration reform say it 's unlikely to play out in the House until later this fall . But that schedule poses difficult decisions for Boehner about how to move immigration as it comes around the same time as the House has to deal with an equally divisive issue -- addressing how to deal with the country 's debt limit . Biden urges final push on immigration reform	Opposition to immigration reform appears to be hardening in the House Failure to pass farm bill in the House demonstrated divisions in GOP ranks Roughly a quarter of House Republicans broke ranks with Speaker Boehner Boehner recently compared immigration reform to Obamacare
A federal judge has dismissed the racial discrimination claims in a lawsuit filed by a former employee against Paula Deen , the celebrity chef 's representative said Monday . The former employee ca n't claim to be a victim of racial discrimination targeting African-American workers because she is white , U.S. District Judge William T. Moore Jr. ruled . "  At best , plaintiff is an accidental victim of the alleged racial discrimination , " Moore wrote . Other aspects of the lawsuit , including sexual harassment and abusive treatment , are still pending . "  We are pleased with the Court 's ruling today that Lisa Jackson 's claims of race discrimination have been dismissed , " Deen 's representatives said in a statement to CNN . "  As Ms. Deen has stated before , she is confident that those who truly know how she lives her life know that she believes in equal opportunity , kindness and fairness for everyone . " Paula Deen -- From the frying pan to the firestorm Deen 's career and public reputation went into a tailspin earlier this summer after her deposition in the lawsuit , in which she admitted using the n-word in the past , was released . Dean has insisted she does not tolerate prejudice , but her apologies have failed to suppress the controversy . Former employee Lisa Jackson alleged in the federal suit that Deen and her brother Bubba Hiers committed numerous acts of violence , discrimination and racism that resulted in the end of her five years of employment at The Lady and Sons , and Uncle Bubba 's Oyster House , two Savannah , Georgia , restaurants run by Deen and her family . Savannah is where Deen built her business and brand into what many consider the folksy face of Southern cooking . Share your thoughts on the dismissal In the media firestorm that followed , Deen lost lucrative endorsements and her Food Network cooking show , while the publication of her eagerly anticipated cookbook was canceled . Jackson 's complaint alleged that a "  racially biased attitude prevailed throughout and pervaded defendants restaurant operations , " and that African-American staff could use the restaurant 's rear entrance only . She claimed that a racist atmosphere caused her "  immense personal and work related emotional and physical distress " because "  employees came to her complain and for help , which she felt obligated to give but was unable to fully provide . " She suffered from the discrimination because "  the conduct denies her right to associate in the workplace with persons of other races , " the suit said . It deprived her of "  harmonious working relationships with her African-American subordinates " and denied her "  the right to work free from racial harassment , " it alleged . "  There are no allegations that defendant Hiers ' racially offensive comments were either directed toward plaintiff or made with the intent to harass her , " the judge ruled . Deen and Hiers still face the sex harassment allegations by Jackson , who began as a hostess at Uncle Bubba 's in 2005 and worked her way up to general manager before she was fired in August 2010 . The complaint said the company was a "  boy 's club " with men in management positions , "  and women are not invited to take on substantial decision-making roles . " Jackson contended that Hiers subjected her to sexual harassment on "  an almost daily basis . "	Judge rules Lisa Jackson ca n't sue for race discrimination because she is white "  At best , plaintiff is an accidental victim of the alleged racial discrimination , " judge writes Deen "  believes in equal opportunity , kindness and fairness for everyone , " her rep says The celeb chef 's career went into a tailspin after her deposition in the lawsuit was released
CNN  -- President Barack Obama told a Labor Day crowd in Detroit that he 's prepared to fight for a new job growth plan , defend organized labor and take steps to "  restore the middle class in America , " while five Republican candidates hoping to defeat him next year all called for repealing the major legislation passed so far in Obama 's presidency . The Republican presidential candidates participating in the Palmetto Freedom Forum in Columbia , South Carolina , which was televised on CNN , were unified in advocating the end of the health care reform law and the Wall Street reform measure passed by a Democratic-led Congress . They also all expressed strong anti-abortion views and their belief in marriage being between a man and a woman at the event set up by Sen. Jim DeMint , a leading tea party conservative . Meanwhile , in the early primary states of New Hampshire and South Carolina , other Republican presidential contenders ripped Obama 's handling of the economy and pledged to take an economically battered America in a new direction marked by less spending and fewer regulations . The sharply differing visions raised new questions about the ability of top Democrats and Republicans to tackle pressing budgetary and other issues while positioning themselves for what promises to be a bitterly contested campaign next year . In a speech that likely previewed his scheduled address Thursday to a joint session of Congress to present a jobs plan , Obama directly challenged Republicans , whom he has accused of obstructing progress in order to score political points . "  These are tough times for working Americans , " Obama told the union-dominated crowd at a rally that included a warm-up from Aretha Franklin . "  The time for Washington games is over . The time for action is now . " Saying American workers were ready to move ahead , he said , "  We just need Congress to get on board " and later added : "  We will see if congressional members will put country before party . " "  We will give them a plan and then we will see if they want to create jobs , " the president said . Obama took credit for a series of controversial measures , including the health care overhaul , financial regulatory reform , the 2009 economic stimulus plan and the auto industry bailout . "  I 've seen Detroit prove the cynics and the naysayers wrong , " he said , referring to the U.S. auto industry . "  We 're fighting for good jobs with good wages ...  and  an economy where hard work pays off and gaming the system does n't work . " The president quoted a 1948 Labor Day speech delivered by President Harry Truman in Detroit . Like Obama , Truman ran for re-election that year against a largely hostile Republican-dominated Congress . "  The gains of labor were not accomplished at the expense of the rest of the nation , " Obama said , quoting Truman . "  Labor 's gains contributed to the rest of the nation 's prosperity . " Before Obama spoke , James Hoffa , president of the International Brotherhood of Teamsters , blasted congressional Republicans and urged the crowd to mobilize and help defeat the GOP at the polls in 2012 . "  Everybody here has a vote , " Hoffa said . "  Keep the eye on the prize . Let 's take these sons of bitches out and give America back to an America where we belong . " As Obama rallied Democratic base voters in Michigan , Vice President Joe Biden headed to Cincinnati to attend an AFL-CIO Labor Day event . The AFL-CIO is a federation of 56 national and international labor unions . Obama carried Michigan and Ohio in 2008 , but both states , hit hard by the economic downturn , could prove challenging to keep in the Democratic column in 2012 . The Republican forum in DeMint 's home state of South Carolina , meanwhile , gave five of the top GOP candidates a chance to explain their stances on key issues to conservatives . DeMint 's endorsement is one of the most sought after among 2012 GOP White House hopefuls , and his support would be a major boost for any Republican candidate in his home state 's pivotal early primary . Former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney initially declined DeMint 's invitation , saying he was concentrating on campaigning in New Hampshire , which holds an even earlier primary . But after falling behind newcomer Texas Gov. Rick Perry in some polls , Romney apparently changed his mind , opting to wrap up a pancake breakfast event in New Hampshire before traveling to Columbia for DeMint 's forum . "  The tea party is a powerful movement saying government 's too big , and I could n't agree more , " Romney told a crowd of roughly 450 people at the breakfast . In addition to Romney , Rep. Michele Bachmann of Minnesota , businessman Herman Cain , former House Speaker Newt Gingrich and Rep. Ron Paul of Texas attended the DeMint forum . All cited the Declaration of Independence and its determination of God-given rights for citizens as the foundation of American government in a recitation of core conservative principles championed by the tea party movement . Perry was also slated to take part in DeMint 's forum but backed out Monday morning to return to Texas as it battles growing wildfires . Perry did , however , participate in GOP Rep. Tim Scott 's town hall series in Conway , South Carolina , before returning home . While in Conway , Perry sharply criticized Romney 's job growth record in Massachusetts . "  There 's one  GOP candidate  ... that 's created jobs all over the world , " Perry said , referring to Romney 's oft-mentioned record in the private sector . "  But while he was the governor of Massachusetts , he did n't create very many jobs . "  We can not choose a nominee ... that is going to blur the lines , " Perry added . The GOP needs "  someone who has a very stark difference  with  the president of the United States ... and I would suggest to you I 'm that person . " Two other candidates not appearing at the event were also on the campaign trail Monday . Former Utah Gov. Jon Huntsman , drawing new attention after announcing his economic plan last week , wrapped up five days of events in New Hampshire with a parade and a picnic , and former Sen. Rick Santorum of Pennsylvania held three events in South Carolina . Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , who has not announced whether she will run for president , was in New Hampshire on Labor Day after three days in Iowa . "  We 're up against ... Barack Obama 's very strange fundamental transformation of the country that we so love , " Palin said . "  We do n't need a transformation . As you know , we need a fundamental restoration of all that is good and strong and free in America . " CNN 's Alan Silverleib , Shawna Shepherd , Tom Cohen and Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report .	NEW : Obama challenges congressional Republicans to work with him on creating jobs Republican candidates call for repealing major legislation of Obama 's presidency President Obama pledges to fight for jobs bill and union workers in Detroit speech Gov. Rick Perry withdraws from South Carolina forum as Texas battles wildfires
CNN  -- Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney used an event at the USS Wisconsin in Norfolk , Virginia , Saturday to announce Rep. Paul Ryan , R-Wisconsin , as his vice presidential pick . Romney 's choice of Ryan is considered by political observers to be a bold , risky move that could potentially change the dynamic of the Oval Office race . CNN Exclusive : How Romney chose his running mate By the numbers , here 's a look at Paul Ryan : 28 - Ryan 's age when he was first elected to Congress , in 1998 . 3 - Children with his wife , Janna - Liza , Charlie and Sam . Polls : Paul Who ? 104 - Times Paul Ryan 's Wikipedia entry has been updated so far today , since Ryan was announced as Mitt Romney 's running mate . Ryan 's selection energizes both sides $ 5 trillion - Proposed spending cuts over the next decade in Ryan 's 2013 budget proposal , "  The Path to Prosperity , " relative to President Obama 's budget . Paul Ryan , top GOP voice on fiscal matters 25 % - The corporate tax rate under Ryan 's budget plan . 2 - Number of proposed federal income tax brackets , 10 % and 25 % , under Ryan 's plan . 6 - Number of current federal income tax brackets . Romney camp prepares Medicare defense after Ryan pick 173,783 - Followers for Ryan 's preexisting Twitter account @RepPaulRyan . 57 , 744 - Followers for Ryan 's new campaign-related Twitter account @PaulRyanVP that was launched today . 153,000 - "  Likes " for Ryan 's pre-existing Facebook page . 64,000 - "  Likes " for Ryan 's new campaign-related Facebook page launched today . 6 - Number of days a week you have to work out on the P90X exercise regimen . Ryan is a big fan of the regimen . 80 - Years since a U.S. congressman was elected vice president . John Nance Garner , D-Texas , was FDR 's running mate in 1932 and served until 1941 . 51 - Percent of the vote received by Barack Obama in 2008 in Wisconsin 's 1st District , the one Ryan represents . Analysis : A bold but risky choice 47 - Percent of the vote received by John McCain there in 2008 . 68 - Percent of the vote Ryan received in the 2010 election , after a recount . Romney 's choice of Ryan changes the race 9.4 % - Unemployment rate in Janesville , Wisconsin , Ryan 's hometown , in June 2012 . 8.2 % - Unemployment rate nationwide , in June 2012 . 156 - Years since a major party presidential ticket with the two last names starting with the same letter . The last time was in 1856 , with Democratic president and vice presidential candidates James Buchanan and John Breckinridge . 1 - Times Ryan has driven the Oscar Mayer "  Wienermobile . " Watch CNN tonight at 7 and 10 ET for an in-depth look at Paul Ryan and the next steps for Mitt Romney 's presidential campaign .	51 - Percent of the vote received by Barack Obama in 2008 in Ryan 's Wisconsin district 68 - Percent of the vote Ryan received in the 2010 election , after a recount 6 - Number of days a week you have to work out on the P90X exercise regimen 1 - Times Ryan has driven the Oscar Mayer "  Wienermobile "
CNN  -- Another "  Real Housewives " divorce is on the way . "  Real Housewives of Atlanta " star Phaedra Parks is calling it quits with husband Apollo Nida . The couple 's relationship has taken a bumpy turn of late because of Nida 's legal issues and prison sentence . According to Parks ' representative , the mom of two has "  retained an attorney with the intent of amicably ending her marriage . " The news comes a month after Nida reported to prison to begin an eight-year federal sentence for a fraud conviction . The reality star pleaded guilty in May to charges in a fraud scheme that federal prosecutors say stole millions of dollars from at least 50 people over four years . Nida , 35 , must also serve five years under parole supervision after he completes his prison stint . He is being held at the minimum-security federal prison in Lexington , Kentucky . This is Nida 's second prison sentence ; he served five years for auto title fraud before marrying Parks in 2009 . The pair joined the hit Bravo series in 2010 , and have been lead participants since . The troubled couple play a big part in the show 's upcoming seventh season , if the trailer is anything to go by . In July , Nida told Atlanta radio station B100 he had doubts his marriage to Parks would continue . "  I mean , my wife did n't even ... show up for my sentencing , so I 'm still kind of salty about that , " Nida said . At the time of Nida 's sentencing , Parks ' publicist released a statement on her behalf . "  Phaedra is now putting all of her energy into ensuring the well-being of her two children and making decisions that are in their best interests , " the statement said . "  This situation has put a tremendous strain on Phaedra and her family , and she is working hard to bring back a sense of normalcy to everyone 's lives . " The former couple has two sons , Ayden , 4 , and Dylan , 1 .	"  Real Housewives " star Phaedra Parks intends to end her marriage Her husband , Apollo Nida , was sentenced to eight years in prison in July The couple have two sons together
CNN  -- When the Google Maps app for the iPhone had finally been released late Wednesday night , there was a collective rejoicing from Apple fans worldwide -- many took to Twitter and Facebook to relish in the news and download it immediately . Not at all surprisingly , the app quickly soared to the top of the free apps list in the Apple App Store . But with expectations beyond high for Google to swoop in and save the day from Apple 's unreliable , problematic maps app -- which replaced the existing Google Maps app in September with the rollout of the new iOS 6 software -- many just hoped Google 's version would live up to promises of being a superior mapping platform for the iPhone . SEE ALSO : Google Maps Soars to Top of Free App List On the surface , it would n't have to take much to beat out the Apple Maps app , which had been widely criticized for omitting transit directions , giving poor navigation and displaying incomplete 3D views that distort national monuments , such as the Eiffel Tower . Not to mention the broken roads and satellite views that display nothing but clouds . The good news , however , is that the Google Maps app is excellent . Superb , even . But not perfect -- some are reporting issues with direction accuracy as well . Overall , users will have to choose to access it over Apple Maps which already comes on the platform . Here 's a look at how the two stack up : Accuracy Google Maps has years of experience perfecting data accuracy and the latest app shows it . When typing in an address in the New York City area , it quickly identified our location and presented us with the target destination , even when a vague address was used . However , some users have expressed frustration with direction accuracy so far , but the reports are nowhere near the inaccuracy outcry caused after the launch of the Apple Maps app . Apple Maps was slammed for accuracy issues right out of the gate in September . The hits just kept on coming , too -- police in Australia recently issued a warning not to rely on Apple Maps since it was steering users to areas far from their destinations and in one case , misdirected a group of people who became stranded in dangerous terrain with no water . Apple worked for years to build trust in its users that its products just work  always  , but this set the company back a bit . Now , people love to talk about how much they hate the Apple Maps app .  Apple CEO Tim Cook has since fired the manager in charge of apps  . Voice Navigation A perk for both platforms : voice-assistant Siri can help users out with directions via Apple Maps , while Google 's platform also features voice guided turn-by-turn navigation . This was rumored to be a big point of contention in why Google Maps was kicked off iOS in the first place , but now both services have it -- an effective draw . Public Transportation One of the biggest gripes about Apple Maps was that it did n't come with public transportation directions . Google Maps not only provides detailed instructions on how to get from one point to another , it also gives estimated times of arrival for the next train and pinpoints when you will arrive at a destination . Interface , 3D Views The Google Maps interface is sleek and more organized than ever before . Users can select a home and work address within their profile to keep it on hand and quickly get directions . But say what you want about Apple Maps and its accuracy issues , it 's hard to deny its interface is gorgeous and touts some impressive features . For example , by accessing the satellite view in Maps for cities such as New York , San Francisco and London , users are treated to 3D imagery . Attention to detail is so spot on that it almost looks like you 're flying through streets as though you were in a video game . Although Google Maps incorporates 2D and 3D views via Street View , as well as the rotating and tilting of maps with gestures inside the app , we still prefer Apple 's design . One-Stop Shop Google Maps has made a poignant effort to become a destination spot on the iPhone . Typing in the name of a business not only reveals directions on how to get there , but additional information that may be of interest . For example , Google has partnered with such as Yelp and Zagat to provide users with a full look at restaurant reviews , menus , photos and making reservations . This capability is not yet available via Apple Maps . Developer Integration As a bonus for developers -- and app users alike -- Google announced Google Maps SDK for iOS , which gives app developers the opportunity to use maps within apps for the iPod Touch , iPhone and iPad . This will help users easily search and get the directions they want while using other apps and ultimately strengthen Google 's maps reach . Final Destination While Apple Maps excels in some ways  3D rendering in particular  there are just too many arrows in Google Maps ' quiver -- especially now that it 's brought turn-by-turn navigation to its iOS app . Public transit , street view and easy searching propel Google to a clear victory -- for now . © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Review : New Google Maps for iPhone puts Apple 's maps to shame New offering is superb , but not perfect Accuracy , navigation and public transit all better on Google 's tool Apple dumped Google Maps on its newest operating system , iOS 6
A very old spy plane and a very new computer system played pivotal roles in last week 's computer glitch that temporarily paralyzed flight operations in southern California , officials tell CNN . The problem involved a U-2 aircraft , the type famed for conducting reconnaissance missions over the Soviet Union during the Cold War . A Federal Aviation Administration computer system interpreted the U-2 's flight path at a very high altitude as if it were flying in a much lower and more crowded airspace . The computer -- which anticipates the flight path and looks for possible conflicts such as other aircraft or restricted airspace -- was overtaxed by the many flight changes the U-2 had plotted , officials said . That work used much of the computer 's memory and interrupted its other flight-processing functions , FAA spokeswoman Laura Brown said in a statement . The agency said it has added computer memory to prevent a recurrence , while others said officials are racing to install a more permanent computer patch . The hourlong computer shutdown Wednesday afternoon led to dozens of delayed , diverted and canceled flights but did not result in any mishaps . It had the most impact in the Los Angeles area , where flights were grounded while experts sought to troubleshoot the problem . The side effects lasted almost half a day . To resolve the issue , the FAA "  has enabled facilities that use the computer system to significantly increase the amount of flight-processing memory available . The FAA is confident these steps will prevent a reoccurrence of this specific problem and other potential similar issues going forward , " Brown said . Two FAA officials , speaking on background Monday , blamed the shutdown on the unlikely convergence of two events . First , a U-2 aircraft flew a path that involved numerous waypoints and altitude changes in airspace controlled by three facilities . Those facilities were the Los Angeles and Oakland Air Route Traffic Control Centers , and the High Desert TRACON at Edwards Air Force Base . Simultaneously , there was an outage of the Federal Telecommunications Infrastructure , a primary conduit of information among FAA facilities . "  That  U-2  flight plan , coupled with the FTI outage , in essence created a perfect storm , " one official said . The U.S. Air Force has 32 U-2 aircraft , which are capable of flying at altitudes up to 90,000 feet , according to IHS Jane 's . U.S. stealth and spy planes The fact the plane was a U-2 was not significant , one FAA official said . But the plane 's many waypoints , or geographic fixes , and its numerous altitude changes overwhelmed a system that projects the flights path and anticipates problems . The situation was complicated by the FTI outage , one official said . That overtaxed the FAA 's flight-processing system , which in turn brought down the FAA 's new En Route Automation Modernization system , which manages high-altitude air traffic . The FAA official likened it to a problem with a software program causing a laptop computer to crash .	An FAA computer system misinterpreted a spy plane 's altitude and path The U-2 's many flight changes overtaxed system , eventually led to a ground stop Flights , especially to Southern California , were delayed and diverted The FAA has added memory to prevent a recurrence of the problem , agency says
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- The Libyan government in Tripoli estimates the grinding conflict that has been tearing the country apart for the past five months has cost the national economy some $ 50 billion . "  The cost is colossal , " said Abdulhafid Zlitni , planning and finance minister for the Tripoli government . In an interview with CNN , Zlitni said the suspension of oil and gas exports had accounted for a huge chunk of the losses . "  The income foregone because of the stoppage of the export of oil is something like $ 20 billion , " he said . This has brought an end to what had been a surge in prosperity for the North African country . Last year , Libya 's economy was booming , with gross domestic product surging 10.3 % , according to the International Monetary Fund . And in a report published February 15 , the IMF 's executive board concluded , "  The outlook for Libya 's economy remains favorable . " But two days later , protests against Col. Moammar Gadhafi 's 41-year rule erupted in the eastern city of Benghazi . As protests spread to other cities and towns across the country , the Gadhafi regime embarked on a bloody crackdown . Today , the country is split into territories controlled by loyalists and opposition rebels . A NATO military alliance is now into the fourth month of a campaign of airstrikes against government targets after the U.N. Security Council passed a resolution authorizing the use of force to protect civilian lives . The civil war has all but shattered ambitious plans to upgrade transport , housing and infrastructure in a country that had long been isolated from the international community . "  The main objective was to create capacity for the economy to stand on its feet away from oil and gas production , " recalled Zlitni somewhat wistfully , as he described a five-year , $ 170 billion plan to modernize Libya . In March , the legions of foreign workers who had been contracted to build railroads , airports , apartment buildings and telecommunications networks began fleeing the rapidly escalating conflict by the tens of thousands . The exodus included large numbers of engineers , construction and oil workers from China , Turkey , Egypt , and the Philippines , who crossed the western border with Tunisia on foot . At the time , many of them told CNN stories of being robbed at gunpoint by Libyan security forces who took their cell phones , laptops and money . Left behind were mammoth construction projects that still dot the Libyan landscape . Many of these unfinished structures were apartment buildings being built for an estimated 50,000 families across the country . "  So many infrastructure projects ... were carried out by international companies , " Zlitni said . "  Yet the stoppage of these projects could be felt in the economy . Particularly in the building sectors , the transportation sectors , the communication sectors . " More ominous for the Libyan economy has been the Tripoli government 's growing isolation . NATO is enforcing a no-fly zone over Gadhafi-controlled territory as well as a virtual blockade of Libyan ports . The sanctions have created huge fuel shortages . Long lines of cars now wait at service stations . This week , the government in Tripoli announced it was intervening to control rising prices of basic commodities . "  In a crisis situation like this traders tend to profit more than they should , and therefore there is an intervention by the ministry of foreign trade for the prices of consumer goods , " Zlitni said . The minister said the government was fixing prices of rice , flour , meat , eggs , sugar and edible oils to prevent hardship among lower-income families . "  We subsidize , basically , " Zlitni said , "  with large amount of funds . " But Zlitni warned it was growing increasingly difficult for the embattled Gadhafi regime to pay for these types of subsidies . He pointed out that foreign countries have frozen tens of billions of dollars in Libyan government assets that had been carefully invested overseas in "  treasury bills , bonds , stocks and investments in various international markets , whether in Europe , the USA or Asia . " Zlitni compared Libya 's dwindling government coffers to the edible meat on an animal . "  This should n't last long , otherwise we 'll be eating the fat and meat . And we 'll very soon arrive to the bones . " Throughout the hour-long interview , Zlitni made no mention of the fact that last month , the U.N. Security Council added his name to a list of high-ranking officials in the Gadhafi regime now facing an international travel ban . He did , however , declare Tripoli 's opposition to proposals to hand over frozen Libyan government bank accounts to the opposition Transitional National Council headquartered in Benghazi . Last week , U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton announced Washington formally recognized the council in Benghazi as Libya 's legitimate governing authority . State department officials said this could potentially give Benghazi access to some $ 30 billion in frozen Libyan funds in the United States . "  This is against international rules . The international monetary system can not withstand action in this manner , " Zlitni said . "  If you are freezing through United Nations Security Council action funds for any country , then you ca n't confiscate it . There are legal obligations of the banks . " But when asked what recourse Tripoli would have if the U.S. government went through with its threat , Zlitni conceded there are few options . "  We should file litigation against them , " he said .	"  The cost is colossal , " says Abdulhafid Zlitni , Libya 's planning and finance minister The suspension of oil and gas exports accounts for a huge chunk of that , he says Mammoth construction projects , now abandoned , still dot the Libyan landscape
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- A senior al Qaeda leader and another member of the terrorist network were killed in a security operation by Afghan and coalition forces , NATO said Tuesday . Sakhr al-Taifi , a Saudi al Qaeda leader , and the other al Qaeda member , who was not identified , were killed Sunday in the eastern Kunar province , NATO 's International Security Assistance Force said in a statement . Al-Taifi , also known as Musthaq and Nasim , was al Qaeda 's second-highest leader in Afghanistan , responsible for commanding foreign insurgents and directing attacks against coalition and Afghan forces , NATO said . He frequently traveled between Afghanistan and Pakistan , carrying out commands from senior al Qaeda leadership , according to NATO . He also supplied weapons and equipment to Eastern insurgents and managed the illegal transport of insurgent fighters into Afghanistan , NATO said . After identifying al-Taifi and the other al-Qaeda terrorist , and ensuring no civilians were in the area , ISAF engaged the targets with a precision airstrike . A follow-up assessment of the area determined no civilian property was damaged and no civilians were harmed , ISAF said .	Sakhr al-Taifi , a Saudi al Qaeda leader , and another al Qaeda member are killed Al-Taifi was al Qaeda 's second-highest leader in Afghanistan , NATO says No civilians were harmed in the airstrike , ISAF says
CNN  -- Finland ruined Sergio Ramos ' 100th appearance for Spain on Friday as the planet 's 87th-ranked team held the No. 1 side and defending World Cup champion in a qualifier for next year 's tournament in Brazil . Real Madrid defender Ramos became the eighth player from his country to reach the milestone , and duly put his side ahead with a header from a corner four minutes into the second half in Gijon . Finland 's dogged defending had frustrated Spain 's intricate passing game , and the visiting side scored a shock equalizer in the 79th minute as Teemu Pukki got behind the defense to slot in Alexander Ring 's low cross . The draw extended Spain 's unbeaten run to 19 matches , but left Vicente del Bosque 's team second in Group I behind France ahead of Tuesday 's trip to Paris . Only the top nation will automatically qualify from the five-side group , with the runner-up hoping to go into the playoffs . "  We controlled the match but it slipped away in the final minutes , " Ramos told reporters . "  Doubtless we were thinking too much about France -- now we really do have to think about that one . They are a great team , but we can beat them . " The French won 3-1 at home to third-placed Georgia to go two points clear of Spain after four matches , with goals from striker Olivier Giroud and midfielders Mathieu Valbuena and Franck Ribery . The Finns remained bottom , with two points from three games . In Group A , Croatia all but ended the qualification hopes of neighbor Serbia with a 2-0 victory in the first clash between the two teams since they became independent nations after the war that split Yugoslavia . With away fans banned in Zagreb due to ongoing tensions , Mario Mandzukic took advantage of a mistake by Aleksandar Kolarov to score the opening goal and fellow striker Ivica Olic sealed Croatia 's fourth win in five matches . It put the Croats second on goal difference behind Belgium , while Wales moved above Serbia into third place with a 2-1 win over Scotland . Belgium won 2-0 away to Macedonia , with Eden Hazard 's second-half penalty adding to Kevin De Bruyne 's opener . Bulgaria consolidated second place in Group B with a 6-0 thrashing of Malta , as Aleksandar Tonev scored a hat-trick , while Denmark won 3-0 away to the Czech Republic to claim third place on goal difference -- but four points adrift of a possible playoff spot . Germany moved five points clear at the top of Group C with a 3-0 win over Kazakhstan , while second-placed Sweden drew 0-0 at home to the Republic of Ireland . Austria moved above the Irish into third on goal difference after thrashing bottom side the Faroe Islands 6-0 . The Netherlands marched to a fifth successive win in Group D , beating Estonia 3-0 . Hungary remained second on goal difference above Romania after conceding a late equalizer in their 2-2 draw -- a result which left both nations five points behind the Dutch . Turkey beat bottom side Andorra to be four points further back in fourth place . Switzerland stayed top in Group E without kicking a ball , as Albania moved up to second on goal difference above Iceland after their respective one-goal wins away to Norway and Slovenia . Portugal 's hopes of automatic qualification from Group F suffered a big blow as Cristiano Ronaldo 's team needed late goals from Helder Postiga and Fabio Coentrao to draw 3-3 in Israel . The result left Israel second above the Portuguese on goal difference , with both teams four points adrift of Russia -- whose match in Northern Ireland was postponed until Saturday due to heavy snow . Bosnia-Herzegovina moved three points clear of Greece at the top of Group G after winning 3-1 against the previously undefeated 2004 European champions , with two goals from striker Edin Dzeko . Third-placed Slovakia 's hopes of a second successive World Cup appearance were dented by a 1-1 draw with Lithuania . Montenegro and England set up a crunch Group H clash on Tuesday after contrasting wins . A 1-0 victory in Moldova put Montenegro two points clear at the top , as both teams had a player sent off and striker Mirko Vucinic netted the only goal in the 79th minute . England thrashed San Marino 8-0 as striker Jermain Defoe scored twice , while Ukraine moved up to third on goal difference above Poland with a 3-1 away victory in a match between the Euro 2012 host nations .	Spain battling to automatically qualify for 2014 World Cup after Finland draw Trip to Paris could prove vital as France move two points clear in Group I Croatia wins grudge match against Serbia to boost qualification hopes Germany and the Netherlands remain unbeaten at top of respective groups
CNN  -- Authorities in Utah evacuated a passenger plane Thursday morning after receiving a bomb threat , a spokeswoman for the Salt Lake City International Airport said . The SkyWest plane , carrying 46 passengers and three crew members , was en route to Salt Lake City from Helena , Montana , when the threat was "  called in , " said airport spokeswoman Barbara Gann . The Transportation Security Administration "  is aware of an anonymous call reportedly threatening SkyWest Airline Flight 4654 , " said spokesman Nicholas Kimball . "  The plane landed safely without incident . Out of an abundance of caution , law enforcement swept the aircraft with negative findings . " All passengers and luggage were screened and released , and the plane was to be put back into service , said Debbie Bertram of the FBI 's Salt Lake City office . The call "  was a threatening call that said that there may be the potential of an incendiary device onboard this aircraft -- so that just unrolled the protocol for a bomb threat , " Gann said . CNN 's Jeanne Meserve contributed to this report .	NEW : The passengers and luggage were screened and released TSA says nothing was found on the aircraft
Beijing  CNN  -- The wife of a controversial Chinese leader and a family aide have been arrested in connection with the death of a British businessman , Chinese state media announced Tuesday . China Central Television reported that the November death of Neil Heywood , a family friend of ousted Chongqing party chief Bo Xilai , has been ruled a homicide . Bo 's wife , Bo-Gu Kailai , and family aide Zhang Xiaojun have been arrested as part of the investigation , CCTV reported . Meanwhile , Bo has been stripped of his seats in the Communist Party 's Central Committee and Politburo -- the nation 's ruling organs -- for an unspecified "  serious breach of regulations , " the network announced in a late-night report . Bo was once seen as one of the rising stars of Chinese politics . But he was sacked as the Communist Party chief in Chongqing , southwestern China 's biggest city , in March after a scandal involving a deputy who helped lead an aggressive crackdown on organized crime . The state news agency Xinhua said Bo-Gu and the couple 's son were "  on good terms " with Heywood , who was found dead in his hotel room in November at age 41 . "  However , they had conflict over economic interests , which had been intensified , " Xinhua reported , citing unspecified Chinese authorities . Both Bo-Gu and Zhang "  have been transferred to judicial authorities , " Xinhua reported . "  Whoever has broken the law will be handled in accordance with law and will not be tolerated , no matter who is involved , " the agency quoted unnamed senior officials as saying . Heywood 's death was originally blamed on alcohol poisoning , according to media reports . But the case was reopened after Bo 's deputy , Wang Lijun , sought refuge at the U.S. Consulate in Chengdu in February . After leaving the consulate , Wang was taken into custody for entering the diplomatic post without authorization and is believed to remain in custody . The son of a Maoist-era revolutionary hero , Bo rose through China 's political ranks and was appointed Communist Party secretary of Chongqing , a city of more than 30 million people . He was a polarizing figure in Chinese politics but had been seen as a future contender for top leadership roles . Bo launched a heavy-handed crusade against organized crime with Wang , his police chief and eventual right-hand man . But since his fall from grace , critics came forward to recount tales of heavy-handed treatment and even outright torture as part of the campaign . Beijing-based lawyer Li Zhuang told CNN in March that he defended an alleged gang member in 2009 and discovered that his client had been repeatedly hung from a ceiling by police over a period of eight days . When he tried to expose the abuse , he said , he was arrested and tortured himself , then sentenced to two-and-a-half years in prison for fabricating evidence and inciting witnesses . "  Their barbaric kind of law enforcement or , rather , their trampling of the law was against everything a modern civilization stands for , " Li said . The British government had sought a new investigation into the death of Heywood , who was married to a Chinese woman and had lived in China for more than a decade . The British strategic information consultancy Hakluyt and Co. , a company formed by former officers of the spy agency MI6 , has said it and other Western companies had sought Heywood 's advice on doing business in China . Heywood 's close relationship with the Bo family had been documented by local and international news outlets . In a 2009 interview with a Beijing newspaper , he praised the "  extraordinary talent " of Bo 's younger son , describing how the teenager excelled academically and socially at a prestigious British boarding school .	China announces arrests in the death of British businessman Neil Heywood The wife of ex-Chongqing party chief Bo Xilai is one of those arrested , CCTV reports Bo stripped of top Communist Party posts for unspecified violations , network said His wife and the businessman had a "  conflict over economic interests , " Xinhua reports
CNN Student News  -- April 14 , 2010 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Haiti • Mexico • Kyrgyzstan Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : Lend us your ears and follow your nose . This broadcast of CNN Student News appeals to the senses . From the CNN Center , I 'm Carl Azuz . First Up : Nuclear Summit U.S. PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA : Two decades after the end of the Cold War , we face a cruel irony of history . The risk of a nuclear confrontation between nations has gone down , but the risk of nuclear attack has gone up . AZUZ : The risk that President Obama is talking about is from terrorists . This week 's Nuclear Security Summit is focused on how to prevent that risk . Dozens of world leaders working on ways to secure nuclear materials . Several ideas have come out of this summit . We reported yesterday that Ukraine plans to get rid of its enriched uranium , which can be used to make nuclear materials . The U.S. and Russia agreed to update a treaty aimed at eliminating weapons-grade plutonium from their military programs . You can see Secretary of State Clinton and her Russian counterpart signing off on the agreement . Plus , Mexico and Canada have announced plans to downgrade supplies of enriched uranium so that they ca n't be used to make nuclear weapons . Tuesday 's session began on a sad note : a moment of silence for the victims of a plane crash that killed the president of Poland , along with that country 's first lady and many top Polish officials . President Obama has said that he 'll travel to Poland for the president and first lady 's funeral . I.D. Me TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : See if you can I.D. Me ! I was born in Chicago , Illinois in 1964 . I graduated from Princeton University and got my law degree from Harvard . I have two daughters : Malia and Sasha . I 'm first lady Michelle Obama , the country 's first African-American first lady . Michelle Obama AZUZ : Right now , Michelle Obama is on her first official , solo trip as first lady . She arrived in Mexico yesterday for a three-day visit there . It 's being made "  in recognition of the deep ties between the United States and Mexico . " While she is there , Mrs. Obama will meet with the first lady of Mexico , tour different cultural museums , and give a speech at a local university . But before that , she was in Haiti . It was a surprise stop Tuesday on her way to Mexico . She toured some of the areas that were devastated by the massive earthquake that hit the country in January . Afterward , the first lady promised that the U.S. is committed to helping Haiti recover from the disaster . Offer of Resignation AZUZ : In Asia , Kurmanbek Bakiev , the president of Kyrgyzstan , says that he is willing to resign , but only if he and his relatives are allowed to leave the country safely . Kyrgyzstan has been going through some political turmoil recently . And when protesters took over the main government building , Bakiev left the capital city and a temporary government took over . Some officials in that new government would be just fine with Bakiev leaving Kyrgyzstan . Others think the president should have to stay and be held accountable for what they say are criminal actions . Charges have been filed against some of his relatives and associates . But Bakiev says he does n't recognize any decisions made by the interim government . Rare Safety Warning AZUZ : "  Do n't buy : Safety risk . " It 's a warning that Consumer Reports does n't make too often . But it is making that warning about a sport utility vehicle made by Lexus . The Lexus GX460 , you see right here , during a severe turn , it slides almost completely sideways . Consumer Reports says that 's because a system that should stop the slide does n't kick in in time , and that could cause a rollover . That 's why the magazine issued the rare "  Do n't buy " warning . The last one of those was given out , in 2001 . Toyota , which owns Lexus , said it 'll conduct its own tests to see what steps need to be taken . This Day in History ON SCREEN GRAPHIC April 14 , 1828 - Noah Webster publishes the first edition of his dictionary . April 14 , 1865 - President Abraham Lincoln is shot by John Wilkes Booth . April 14 , 1910 - President William Taft throws out the first pitch at a Washington Senators baseball game , starting the tradition of presidents throwing out first pitches . Shoutout MATT CHERRY , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Time for the Shoutout ! The word "  olfactory " refers to what sense ? If you think you know it , shout it out ! Is it : A  Touch , B  Smell , C  Taste or D  Sight ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! You might have sniffed out that olfactory refers to your sense of smell . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Sniffing for Explosives AZUZ : It comes in handy with flowers or food . But experts say our sense of smell can also work like a warning system . Kind of an olfactory alarm . That 's also why dogs are sometimes used to sniff out danger . Their sense of smell can be a thousand times more sensitive than ours . And as Jeanne Meserve explains , what their nose knows could help save lives . BEGIN VIDEO JEANNE MESERVE , CNN HOMELAND SECURITY CORRESPONDENT : A dog 's nose samples the air many times a second . This dog sniffs it for explosives . Zeta is what 's called a "  vapor wake " dog , trained to pick up the scent of explosives in the air despite crowds , cross currents and other smells in Washington , D.C. 's Union Station . Her nose can ferret out TATP , TNT and other explosives in a huge space , even though a person carrying them may have passed by as much as 15 minutes earlier . The head of Amtrak 's K-9 program compares these animals to a top athlete . CAPTAIN WILLIAM PARKER , AMTRAK POLICE K-9 PROGRAM : Michael Jordan , and the reason why I say that is because Michael Jordan is one of the best basketball players of all time , and these vapor wake dogs , I put in that same category . MESERVE : Only 1 or 2 percent of puppies from Auburn University 's breeding program have what it takes to be a vapor wake dog . JEANNE BROCK , MANAGER , AUBURN UNIVERSITY PUPPY PROGRAM : They 'll hunt and hunt and hunt and wo n't come back without it . MESERVE : They are introduced at an early age to slippery surfaces and a variety of environments before being sent to prisons in Georgia , Florida and Mississippi , where inmates begin training the dogs to use their noses . Back at the Auburn facility , older dogs are conditioned on a souped-up golf cart to handle the rigors of their future jobs . They recognize about a dozen explosives and could be trained to find additional ones in just a day or two . I take a backpack containing explosives into a building to test a dog . I walk , sit and walk some more . So now , I 'm going to hide this backpack full of smokeless powder right here . A minute later , Ranger , still in the early stages of training , tracks the explosive scent right to the source . DR. ROB GILLETTE , AUBURN UNIVERSITY SCHOOL OF VETERINARY MEDICINE : There are certain chefs who 'll smell a pot of stew and say , "  Oh , that 's oregano , or that 's this type of spice . " The dog walks into it , smells this whole thing and says , "  Oh , that 's C-4 . " MESERVE : The U.S. Capitol Police are just starting to use vapor wake dogs . They 've already augmented security at sporting events and other large gatherings . But Amtrak has embraced them despite the $ 20,000 price tag per dog . The rail carrier believes that in a high-risk , ever-changing transit environment , the dogs have advantages over machines , even though they can only work for about 90 minutes at a stretch . JOHN PEARCE , AUBURN UNIVERSITY CANINE DETECTION INSTITUTE : There 's nothing like a dog as far as mobility , as far as how quickly it can detect explosives and take us to the source of it . And the cost is basically less than any type of technology out there . END VIDEO Blog Report AZUZ : Kelly is a student who 's talking to us on our blog about college . We asked what those of you who are planning to go to college hope to get out of it , and Kelly asked , "  How would you like to be operated on by an uneducated doctor or taught by a teacher who did n't go to college ? We need to go to get higher education , jobs and to help others . " Erik says he wants to go to college so he can get a job more easily and that it could help him make more money . He 's right ! So is Cindy . She says "  college is a place where we learn about what we want to be . I 'm not saying it 's the only way , but it 's one way to get a career in life . " Cheyenne writes , "  I do n't just want to go to make sure I get a job right out of college . I would go because I want a higher education . " What would you want out of college ? Tell us , using only your first name -- your first name is all we want to see -- at CNNStudentNews.com . Before We Go AZUZ : Before we go , we want you to check out the ultimate garden guardian . It 's 15 feet tall . 3,500 pounds . The world 's tallest garden gnome ! Okay , actually , it 's the second tallest . It was designed to be the biggest , but then about a month before it debuted , an 18-footer showed up in Poland . Bummer . But wait , all is not lost . The other one is made out of fiberglass . So , say hello to the world 's tallest concrete garden gnome ! Might not be a record . Goodbye AZUZ : But the thing is still phe-gnome-inaly impressive . Just your garden-variety pun , but it 'll do . For CNN Student News , I 'm Carl Azuz .	Follow first lady Michelle Obama 's itinerary from Haiti to Mexico Learn about some events that took place on this day in history Discover how some dogs are being trained to sniff out danger Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
Rio de Janeiro , Brazil  CNN  -- A Christian Carnival . That 's how some in Rio have described the mood in the streets of Copacabana Beach , where hundreds of thousands of young pilgrims follow every step of visiting Pope Francis , an outspoken champion of the poor . But not everyone is celebrating in Rio . About 50 kilometers away , in the working-class suburb of Guaratiba , a last-minute change in the pope 's schedule due to heavy rainfall had devastating consequences on the lives of local merchants , many whom invested their life savings on preparing for his arrival . They were expecting hundreds of thousands to flock to their community over the weekend . Saturday 's events and Sunday 's closing Mass were supposed to take place in Guaratiba -- but were moved to Rio 's Copacabana Beach . Marcelo Rosa and his friends jumped up when they heard the news , announced earlier this year by Rio Mayor Eduardo Paes , that the pope would come to Guaratiba this weekend . Pope to Mass of millions : Get out of church Rosa got together with his friends and borrowed about $ 50,000 in U.S. dollars to buy drinks and food to feed the pilgrims . One friend sold his car , another borrowed from the bank . When news came of the event changes , it was devastating to many . "  When they told me it was canceled , I said you 're joking , you 've got to be joking , " Rosa said tearfully . I fainted on the spot . " Celia Dias Carneiro , owner of the Maroeste restaurant , had gone to Guaratiba 's main square and heeded the call to action : local merchants rushed to stock up on foods and beverages . "  Since the expectations were so high , that tens of thousands were coming , I got scared , " said Carneiro , who borrowed about $ 4,000 at a 7 % rate to buy extra seafood . "  I was hoping to get my feet out of the mud ... and now look what has happened to me . I am stuck again in the mud again , " she said . Local organizers heard talks of money-making opportunities and prepared for the big day . An opulent stage was built over a huge field that was formerly part of a protected marshland . After this week 's heavy rains , the field became impassable , even by the trucks delivering goods . What we learned about Pope Francis in Brazil The area has been cordoned off , but the scene of devastation was very visible , attracting angry passers-by shouting in protest and disbelief . According to a Globo news report , the organization responsible for Campus Fidei tried to drain the water , unsuccessfully . Local newspapers , including Portal Guaratiba , said while federal and municipal taxes were used to build Campus Fidei , they were left with the ecological and sanitary repercussion of building a field over marshland and the loss of mangroves . According to a municipal study , this area was part of three marsh systems essential to local fishermen who rely on the local flora and fauna . Paes is expected to address issues related to the cancellation at Guaratiba . In the meantime , Guaratiba residents want their voices to be heard . Local merchants said all they asked for was to be able to sell their merchandise in Copacabana to make up for losses . Others , just wanted to see Pope Francis . "  This left us with such an emptiness , such sadness , " said Gabriel Giovannotti , a local business owner . "  If he could only drive by and give us a blessing ... we would be happier , " he said . Singing priests revive Catholic Church in Brazil CNN 's Miguel Castro contributed to this report .	Rain , mud deluge Brazilian suburb of Guaratiba Officials move events related to papal weekend visit The change will mean major economic losses in community
Facebook has raked in billions and will make a splash when its stock hits the open market next week . So , what are folks on Wall Street concerned about ? Mark Zuckerberg 's hoodie , apparently . Michael Pachter , an analyst for Wedbush Securities , told Bloomberg that the Facebook CEO 's decision to show up for a meeting with potential investors dressed down in his trademark casual outerwear suggests that he 's too immature to run a massive corporation . "  He 's actually showing investors he does n't care that much ; he 's going to be him , " Pachter said in an interview on Bloomberg TV . "  I think that 's a mark of immaturity . "  I think that he has to realize he 's bringing investors in as a new constituency right now , and I think he 's got to show them the respect that they deserve because he 's asking them for their money . " If nothing else , Pachter 's take  and he still thinks Facebook is a solid investment  reinforces the inevitable culture clash that occurs when a 27-year-old titan of California 's freewheeling startup culture meets the buttoned-down world of Wall Street . It 's not a new phenomenon : Zuckerberg is known for his ever-present T-shirt and sandals , and in Facebook 's early days , he once showed up for a meeting with a venture-capital firm in his pajamas . Pachter went on to say that Zuckerberg might be a better product manager or designer than CEO . Needless to say , the tech world got a good laugh out of it all . The Next Web led with this not-so-subtle headline : "  Odd analyst mocks Zuck 's hoodie , ironically sounding stupid in a suit while doing so . " In the article , Michael Wilhelm notes that if Zuckerberg had shown up in a suit , it could actually have signaled that Facebook was moving away from its winning formula , which could spook employees  and presumably investors  who like the way things run now . "  And finally : ` he 's going to be him , and he 's going to do what he 's always done , ' " Wilhelm writes . "  That 's to say that he 's going to build a $ 100 billion business and change the world ? That 's what the hoodie signifies ? Well then , I think that he should n't take it off at all costs ! " Tech blogger Om Malik had a more blunt take on Pachter 's remarks . "  This analyst is smoking stuff that is outside the realm of legality , " he wrote . "  Now if you were looking for a problem with Zuckerberg 's hoodie , then you should see it for what it really is : a fashion abomination . " And Box CEO Aaron Levie weighed in on Twitter : "  Yahoo CEO : No hoodie ; AOL CEO : No hoodie ; Facebook CEO : hoodie . Coincidence ? " It 's not like Zuck does n't know how to clean up . He donned a coat and tie last year when he and other technology luminaries had dinner with President Obama , and wore a suit a few months later when Obama visited Facebook for a town hall event . In fact , he bucked the Valley Casual look for an entire year not so long ago . On his Facebook Timeline , Zuckerberg wrote that , in 2009 , he wore a tie every day . "  After the start of the recession in 2008 , I wanted to signal to everyone at Facebook that this was a serious year for us , " he wrote . "  Great companies thrive by investing more heavily while everyone else is cutting back during a recession . But great companies also make sure they 're financially strong and sustainable . "  My tie was the symbol of how serious and important a year this was , and I wore it every day to show this . " Maybe Zuckerberg , sitting on the verge of a blockbuster stock offering , no longer feels the need to prove himself .	Analyst says Zuckerberg showed "  immaturity " by wearing hoodie to New York meetings The Facebook CEO has been courting Wall Street investors in casual wear The comments suggest a culture clash between Silicon Valley and Wall Street Blogger : If hoodies mean billions of dollars , keep wearing them
CNN  -- The Rev. Fred Shuttlesworth , who helped lead the civil rights movement , has died , the Birmingham Civil Rights Institute said Wednesday . He was 89 . Shuttlesworth is among the iconic figures honored in the International Civil Rights Walk of Fame at the Martin Luther King Jr. . National Historic Site in Atlanta . King once called Shuttlesworth "  the most courageous civil rights fighter in the South . " President Barack Obama issued a statement honoring Shuttleworth , saying he "  dedicated his life to advancing the cause of justice for all Americans . He was a testament to the strength of the human spirit . And today we stand on his shoulders , and the shoulders of all those who marched and sat and lifted their voices to help perfect our union . ... "  America owes Reverend Shuttlesworth a debt of gratitude , and our thoughts and prayers are with his wife , Sephira , and their family , friends and loved ones . " When the U.S. Supreme Court ruled against segregated busing in Montgomery , Alabama , Shuttlesworth rallied the membership of a group he established in May 1956 -- the Alabama Christian Movement for Human Rights -- to challenge the practice of segregated busing in Birmingham . Shuttlesworth also helped found the Southern Christian Leadership Conference , with King and other civil rights leaders . Shuttlesworth 's efforts were n't without a price : his home was bombed on Christmas Day in 1956 , but he and his family were not injured . He was , however , hurt in 1957 when he was beaten with chains and whips as he sought to integrate an all-white public school . That same year , Shuttlesworth helped King organize the SCLC , serving as the organization 's first secretary from 1958 to 1970 . He later served briefly as its president in 2004 . In 2001 , President Bill Clinton awarded Shuttlesworth a Presidential Citizens Medal -- the nation 's second-highest civilian award -- for his leadership in the "  non-violent civil rights movement of the 1950s and 60s , leading efforts to integrate Birmingham , Alabama 's schools , buses and recreational facilities " and helping found the SCLC . Shuttlesworth also protested segregated lunch counters and helped lead sit-ins at the eateries in 1960 . He participated in organizing the Freedom Rides against segregated interstate buses in the South when he joined forces with the Congress On Racial Equality . In 1963 , he was injured again when a fire hose was turned on him during a protest against segregation in Birmingham . The blast of water , directed against demonstrators by order of Birmingham Commissioner of Public Safety Bull Connor , slammed Shuttlesworth against a wall . He was hospitalized but recovered . He was also a principal in the historic march from Selma to Montgomery in 1965 , which he helped organize . In the early 1960s , he moved to Cincinnati , Ohio , where he fought homelessness and continued the movement against racism . There , he founded and served as pastor of the Greater New Light Baptist Church from 1966 to 2006 . In the 1980s , he established the Shuttlesworth Housing Foundation in Cincinnati , which provided grants to help low-income families buy homes . The Ohio Civil Rights Commission has placed Shuttlesworth in its Hall of Fame . CNN 's Tenisha Bell contributed to this report .	The Rev. Fred Shuttlesworth was a leader in the fight against segregation Martin Luther King Jr. called him "  most courageous civil rights fighter in the South " President Clinton gave him a Citizens Medal in 2001 for his leadership He was beaten with chains and injured by water from a fire hose ; his home was firebombed
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- At least 40 people were killed and scores were wounded in overnight airstrikes by the Pakistani military on areas in the country 's northwest where militants are based , a senior military official said Tuesday . Later Tuesday , in southwestern Pakistan , an explosion on a bus carrying pilgrims killed at least 22 people . The airstrikes in the northwest came after recent militant bombings that struck military targets . The strikes by fighter jets and helicopter gunships targeted areas in North Waziristan , a Taliban stronghold bordering Afghanistan and Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province . It was unclear whether there were any civilian casualties in the attacks . The military official said the dead and wounded were militants . The strikes follow two recent deadly attacks claimed by the Pakistani Taliban that targeted military areas . On Sunday , a blast at an army checkpoint in the northwestern city of Bannu killed more than 20 people and wounded dozens more . And on Monday , a suicide bombing at a market near the Pakistani army 's headquarters in Rawalpindi left 13 people dead -- some of them military personnel -- and more than two dozen wounded . After the Bannu attack , Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif said he was canceling a planned trip to Davos , Switzerland , where the World Economic Forum takes place this week . Also in Pakistan on Tuesday , at least 22 Shia Muslim pilgrims from neighboring Iran were killed in an explosion on the bus that was carrying them in the southwestern province of Balochistan , a local official said . More than two dozen others were injured in Tuesday evening 's blast in the province 's Mastung district , said Shafqat Anwar , an assistant commissioner for Mastung . Women and children were among those killed and hurt , he said . Details about what caused the blast were n't immediately available . Saima Mohsin reported from Islamabad , and Zahir Shah reported from Peshawar , Pakistan .	NEW : Explosion on bus kills 22 in southwestern Pakistan Overnight airstrikes kill at least 40 people and injure scores , official says The airstrikes come after recent militant bombings that struck military targets
CNN  -- The holidays have arguably come early for armchair disc jockeys , who can scratch along with exclusive musical mash-ups of songs by popular artists in remix simulator "  DJ Hero 2 . " Supporting two turntables and a plastic microphone , additional freestyle tricks and an expanded single-player career mode , the sequel to last year 's popular rhythm game also enjoys a healthy co-sign from rapper and actor Common . "  The game is exciting , brings good music to the forefront and captures the real DJ aesthetic , " he says in a recent interview . "  I love that two players can go head-to-head , and the freestyle aspect is really cool . ... You have a microphone you can sing into and you can scratch at your own pace . When you play it , you feel just like you 're at a party . " While no substitute for actual spinning Common says it 's a reasonable starting point for beginners looking to immerse themselves in DJ culture . Even more important than letting players live the dance-floor dream , he says , is that games like this can help introduce modern fans to classic artists . "  People today might not be watching as much TV or listening to music , " he told CNN . "  But even when people are n't buzzing about a hot new track , they 're still playing these games and hearing our songs . As an artist , everything you do is a brick you have to build on . Getting a song in a video game is a major stepping stone , and way to get introduced to new audiences . " A fan of classic titles like "  Pitfall , " "  Donkey Kong Jr. " and "  Ms. Pac-Man " before giving the controller a temporary rest , Common also says that motion-sensing video games are making former arcade enthusiasts take notice again . These so-called "  active " games are a great way to grab people 's attention , says common , adding that he 's not surprised they 're such high-tech sensations . "  Music games are making a comeback this year , " he says . "  These titles are constantly improving , the music gets more exciting and more people are being attracted to them . " Part of the appeal , he says , is that they fit right into nearly any social setting , especially parties , and are as fun to watch and listen to as actively play . High-profile releases like "  DJ Hero 2 " and recent karaoke outing "  Def Jam Rapstar , " show hip-hop finally getting some respect from game makers . " -LSB- The genre -RSB- would 've been much bigger today if we 'd had games like this early on . " He says he secretly yearns to do a "  DJ Hero 2 " track with Sade -- "  You 'd have to speed her up or something " -- and says he plays the game with producer No I.D. during studio downtime . Should new album "  The Believer , " due Spring 2011 , get pushed back , you 'll know why . "  No , we do n't plan on any delays , " he says with a laugh .	Game supports two turntables ; plastic microphone and more freestyle tricks Common says that games like this can help introduce modern fans to classic artists MC says motion-sensing video games are making former arcade enthusiasts take notice
