CNN  -- An Egyptian court on Thursday confirmed the death sentences of a business tycoon and a former police officer convicted of killing rising Lebanese pop star Suzanne Tamim . Hisham Talaat Moustafa , a real estate mogul , has been found guilty of Suzanne Tamim 's murder . In a case that has captivated Egypt and the region because of the fame of the victim and one of the defendants , a judge sentenced to death real estate mogul Hisham Talaat Moustafa and former officer Muhsen el Sukkari last month . Tamim 's body was found stabbed , with her throat slit , in her apartment in the United Arab Emirates in July 2008 . The court 's latest decision came after a review of the sentence by Egypt 's grand mufti , the country 's highest religious official . Because the two men were sentenced under Islamic law , it is widely expected they will be hanged . The court usually seeks to get the Mufti 's "  advice only on any death sentence , according to the law , " a legal source in Cairo told CNN . "  However , the Mufti 's advice to the court is not binding at all , " added the source , who asked not to be named . "  Even if the Mufti was against the death sentence , that will not have any effect on the judge 's decision , who will have the final say , " the source said . Since his 2003 appointment as grand mufti , Sheikh Ali Gomaa has received about 480 cases from the court that included death sentences . He supported the judge 's decision in 478 and opposed twice , but the rule was implemented according to the court conviction . Moustafa 's lawyer previously told reporters that he would appeal the conviction , saying there was "  a 1 million percent guarantee " the sentence would be overturned . Prosecutors alleged Moustafa , a parliament member for the ruling National Democratic Party , paid el Sukkari $ 2 million to kill Tamim . During the trial , Moustafa 's lawyer told CNN his client loved the singer but could not take Tamim as a second wife because his family objected . Polygamy is legal in Egypt , and it 's not unusual for men such as Moustafa , a married father of three , to take on additional wives . Prosecutors have said Tamim 's death was a "  means of taking revenge " but have not elaborated . Moustafa and el Sukkari claim the prosecution 's evidence could have been fabricated or tampered with by UAE authorities and should not be used against them . Although Tamim was killed in the UAE , the Egyptian judiciary tried the case in Cairo because the accused were arrested in Egypt . After Moustafa 's arrest in September , Egyptian authorities indicted him , stripped him of his parliamentary immunity and jailed him pending trial . He also resigned as chairman of Talaat Moustafa Group -- a conglomerate with construction and real estate arms that was founded by his father , Talaat Moustafa . Moustafa 's brother , Tarek Talaat Moustafa , now chairs the company . CNN.com Arabic 's Mahmoud Gharib contributed to this story .	Egyptian mogul and ex-police officer guilty of Lebanese singer Tamim 's murder Her body was found in apartment in United Arab Emirates Prosecutors alleged Moustafa paid ex-officer el Sukkari $ 2M to kill Tamim Moustafa , el Sukkari say prosecution 's evidence could have been made up
CNN  -- A familiar refrain for many football fans is that it 's "  the hope that kills you . " Over the last two decades for one of the world 's most famous sports teams Liverpool , there 's been a lot of hope extinguished as a 121-year-old football institution has failed to recapture its former dominance of English football . Between 1973 and 1990 , the English championship was placed in the trophy cabinet at the club 's Anfield stadium on 11 occasions . That domestic success was accompanied by continental glory as the European Cup was taken to Merseyside four times between 1977 and 1984 . But then came the famine . After sealing a then record 18th English title in 1990 , Liverpool has only sporadically shown signs of mounting a genuine Premier League challenge -- until this season as the club makes an unlikely bid to win the league . Like Liverpool fans , one of their outstanding performers this season Daniel Sturridge is dreaming big . "  I think it 's important that we just go out there , work as hard as we can as a team in every game and perceive what the future holds , " Sturridge told CNN ahead of a key league match against Manchester United . "  We hope to have some success , we hope to be successful . There are 10 games to go so we 'll see where that takes us . " During that title famine , Liverpudlians had to watch on as great rival United established itself as the preeminent force in English football . In April last year , United beat Aston Villa 3-0 to clinch a 20th league title , meaning it stands alone as the most successful team in English soccer history . The two teams meet on Sunday in a match which is about more than sporting pride . It 's a simmering century-old rivalry , shaped by resentment between the two cities -- separated by roughly 30 miles -- that has its roots in industrial history . But for the first time in two decades , the balance has shifted in the battle for power between these two storied clubs . United is floundering in seventh place in the table following a disastrous campaign which has so far seen manager David Moyes struggle to emulate his illustrious predecessor Alex Ferguson . While United are struggling to even qualify for Europe 's premier tournament -- the Champions League -- Liverpool is riding high . An exciting , vibrant team built by Northern Irish coach Brendan Rodgers sits second in the Premier League table , seven points behind leaders Chelsea but with a game in hand . The driving force behind Liverpool 's rise have been goalscorers Luis Suarez and Sturridge , who have put the team in with a serious chance of ending a 24-year wait for a 19th league title . Uruguay 's Suarez and England international Sturridge , dubbed the "  SAS " by the British media , have scored 24 and 18 Premier League goals respectively , rocketing Liverpool towards the top of the table . "  SAS dynamic and dominant , but everyone contributing and effective , " tweeted Liverpool 's American owner John W Henry , who also owns the Boston Red Sox , after the recent 4-0 drubbing of Merseyside rivals Everton . So with 10 games to go of the 2013-14 season , Liverpool fans are daring to hope . The turnaround in the team 's fortunes has been startling . It finished the 2012-13 campaign in seventh position , 28 points behind table-toppers United , 12 points adrift of fourth-place Arsenal and qualification for the lucrative Champions League . Last season Liverpool finished with 61 points , but it has 59 points so far in the 2013-14 campaign with 30 points still to play for . Rodgers ' team has already won more matches than it did in the whole of last season -- 18 compared to 16 -- and it 's the most in-form team in the Premier League with five wins from its last six games . The team 's recent positive results have been a source of encouragement for former Liverpool stalwart Jamie Carragher , who made over 500 appearances for The Reds before calling time on his career at the end of the 2012-13 season . The former defender is even starting to believe that Rodgers ' emerging squad is capable of taking the title ahead of mega-rich powerhouses Chelsea and Manchester City . "  The way Brendan has put the team together and the way they 're playing at the moment , they 're the most in-form team and the best time to be in-form is towards the end of the season , " Carragher told CNN . "  They 've put themselves in with a great chance . You 'd still have to fancy Chelsea and Manchester City slightly ahead of them , but both those teams have to play at Anfield . I think it will depend on how they do in those games . " Steve McManaman , who is a former Liverpool teammate of Carragher , has also been impressed by Rodgers ' flourishing team . "  Can they win the league ? Of course they can , but I still think they 're two , three , four players short of having a squad to rival Manchester City and Chelsea , " said McManaman , who enjoyed two Champions League triumphs with Real Madrid after joining the Spanish club from Liverpool . "  I would always plump for those teams before Liverpool . A great year for Liverpool would be to just get into the Champions League , " added McManaman . "  The step from finishing seventh last year and so many points behind to winning the league is huge . If they do it , I think it would be a monumental feat , but I think Champions League football would be incredible this year . " Like Carragher , Sturridge predicts two potentially season-defining matches against Chelsea and Manchester City . "  I think they 're both favorites and they 're both a threat , " said the 24-year-old of Liverpool 's title rivals . "  We 're going play them both at Anfield . It 's going to be a great occasion for myself and for the fans and my teammates of course . "  But it 's important that we go out there and play the Liverpool way and enjoy it . " If Sturridge and Suarez can fire in those two games , Liverpool could well end 24 years of hurt and give its fans renewed hope that the club can return to its former glories .	Liverpool plays Manchester United in the English Premier League on Sunday Liverpool is bidding to win the English championship for the first time since 1990 Man Utd is the most successful club in English history , with 20 championships But United has struggled under new manager David Moyes
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  -- Since the 2011 revolution , Egyptians have seen near non-stop protests , the toppling of two presidents , six elections , and a seemingly endless political crisis . But what they have n't witnessed yet is what has been demanded all along -- a better economy . As the country goes to the polls next week to elect a new president , both candidates insist this is something they can be trusted to deliver . Former army chief Abdel Fattah el Sisi pledges new roads , housing , airports , jobs and an end to the energy crisis . Sisi 's lone opponent , left leaning politician Hamdeen Sabahi , has vowed to dish out millions of dollars in investments to help reopen government factories , create new jobs , build new housing and improve health care . These are lofty promises . But has either candidate offered specifics on how they will get things done ? "  Not yet , " said Cairo based economist , Angus Blair . "  We 've still got a few weeks before elections but the pressure is growing on both of them to come up with plans and that includes Sisi . " Blair believes that in order to deliver on campaign promises , Egypt 's next president must attract investors from both inside and outside Egypt through large scale economic reform . "  It 's not going to be easy , " he added . "  The problems are surmountable but I have to say the structural problems of Egypt 's economy are enormous . " These problems include rising food prices , unemployment at roughly 14 % and a crippling budget deficit of around 12 % of GDP . On top of all that , passions are still running high over the ousting and trial of former president Mohamed Morsy who was removed from his post by the army in 2013 . A critical step to recovery , many business-minded economists say , is cutting costly food and fuel subsidies that eat up roughly one third of Egypt 's budget . But for the country 's poor , cutting subsidies will be an extremely tough pill to swallow . To ease the impact , Blair says Egypt 's next leader must launch projects to help the masses -- like improving transport and affordable housing -- that can be kick-started by billions of aid received from Gulf Arab states . "  If the right policies are in place , Egypt will respond quickly , " Blair said . "  But changing sentiment is the key by putting right policies and right people in place to show something is changing . " Only then , he concludes , can Egypt 's next president truly improve the economy and meet the demands of millions of Egyptians still waiting for a better life three years after revolution came to the country . See also : Cairo 's nightlife comes back to life See also : The Middle East 's king of hotels See also : Gas fields could unite Cyprus	Egyptians will go to the polls on May 26 and 27 to elect a new president Adel Fattah el Sisi and Hamdeen Sabahi are the only candidates Reviving a crumblng economy will be among the key tasks of the vote winner
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- When Erika Clowes was pregnant , she figured breast-feeding would be a breeze . After all , she 'd read all the books and taken all the classes . After an easy birth , she brought home her baby , Charlie , and waited for paradise to begin . The bagged breast milk filling Erika Clowes ' freezer is evidence of how nursing dominates a new mom 's life . But instead , it was a nightmare . Charlie would n't latch onto her breast . She was in horrible pain . She had to wake up every two hours around the clock to pump milk and then feed it to Charlie from a bottle . He had colic and cried nearly all the time . She 'd been so devoted to the idea of breast-feeding , but now felt like quitting . "  I felt betrayed and completely deceived , because nobody told me it would be this hard , " she says . "  It was the darkest time of my life . " Clowes almost became a statistic . According to new numbers from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , 74 percent of mothers try breast-feeding , but after three months only 30 percent still exclusively nurse their babies . After six months , the number dwindled to 11 percent . Take our interactive quiz to see how much you know about breastfeeding " The study did n't track the reasons the women quit nursing , but experts including Los Angeles , California , lactation consultant Corky Harvey said many women have a hard time nursing and do n't know where to turn for help . She says one common reason for quitting is that women mistakenly think they do n't have enough milk and decide to give the baby formula . Other women quit nursing when they go back to work , and others stop because family members encourage them to give bottles instead of breast milk . What kept Clowes from giving up was the "  Booby Brigade . " In the middle of the sleep deprivation , hormone rages , and feelings of failure , Clowes figured she had to do something . So she started the Booby Brigade , a group of new mothers near her home in Silver Lake , California , who met online and in person to give each other breast-feeding advice and support . With help from them , and occasionally from a lactation consultant , she was able to nurse Charlie consistently in about four months . From Clowes , her lactation consultant , and another mother who started a support group , here are five breast-feeding mistakes new moms make , and how to fix them : Mistake 1 : Moms go it alone Solution : Get out of the house -- fast Clowes was reluctant to join -- let alone start -- a support group . "  I hate that kind of thing , " she says . But she did so out of desperation , and found the technical advice  how to latch on , how to deal with nipple pain  and emotional support indispensable . Anthropologist Katherine Dettwyler , who studies breast-feeding , is n't surprised that women often fail at breast-feeding when they 're left alone at home to raise a new baby . "  Humans are very social creatures , and most of the world lives in extended families , " says Dettwyler , an adjunct professor at the University of Delaware . "  You have mothers and grandmothers around who knew everything about breast-feeding . You 're not isolated at home for eight or 10 hours a day . " In addition to the Booby Brigade , Clowes joined a support group at The Pump Station , a local store that sells nursing pumps . La Leche League also has support groups . If you do n't find a group , start your own , Clowes suggests . "  I walked around my neighborhood and would just hand out a card with my name and phone number on it to other moms , " Clowes says . Mistake 2 : Moms forget about their successful breast-feeding friends Solution : Invite one over While lactation consultants can be wonderful , they can also be expensive -- a visit from one in the Los Angeles area costs $ 200 - $ 300 an hour , according to lactation consultant Harvey . Amanda Corbin , a mom who started a support group called "  Got Milk ? " in Tampa , Florida , says sometimes help can be free . She suggests inviting over a friend who 's breast-fed successfully , and show her your attempts at nursing . It might be embarrassing to reveal all to your friend , Corbin says , but "  we lay down our dignity during labor , so go ahead and lay down your dignity when it comes to the health of your baby . " Mistake 3 : Moms assume they do n't have enough milk Solution : Rethink your baby 's nursing behavior Many times , new moms think if baby wo n't stop nursing , he must not be getting enough milk , so they give him formula . "  Sometimes babies just nurse and nurse and nurse -- that 's just what babies do , " says Harvey . "  It does n't mean you do n't have enough milk . It just means you should keep nursing . " Mistake 4 : Moms get intimidated breast-feeding in public Solution : Have snappy comebacks at the ready Clowes says occasionally mothers in her group reported getting nasty comments when they 've breast-fed in public . She suggests having a few retorts at the ready . On her Web site , crankylittleman.com , she has these two suggestions : "  If you 're uncomfortable seeing my baby eat , you are welcome to cover yourself with this baby blanket . I 'll let you know when we 're done , " and "  You think this is something ? You oughtta see where he came out ! " Mistake 5 : Moms panic when milk does n't gush out Solution : Realize that at the very beginning , you 're not going to see a lot of milk Through her work at the Booby Brigade , Clowes found some moms were expecting torrents of milk from the very beginning , and when they did n't get it , they 'd give baby a bottle . They did n't understand that right after birth , moms produce small amounts of colostrum , a concentrated , nutrient rich liquid that 's measured in teaspoons , not ounces , and is the perfect food for newborns . E-mail to a friend Elizabeth Cohen is a correspondent with CNN Medical News . Producer Stephanie Smith and Associate Producer Sabriya Rice contributed to this report .	CDC study finds most women quit breast-feeding within six months Common obstacles : worry about adequate milk production , inconvenience Seeking help , from friends , lactation consultants is key , experts say
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Tensions mounted Tuesday when NATO helicopters flying in eastern Afghanistan fired across the border into Pakistan after being fired on twice , according to a NATO official . NATO 's International Security Assistance Force later received reports that two Pakistani soldiers were wounded . Two coalition helicopters supporting operations at U.S. Forward Operating Base Tillman in Afghanistan were fired upon from the Pakistani side of the border , said the NATO official , who did not want to be identified because the information has not yet been released publicly . After being fired upon a second time , the helicopters returned fire , the official said . Tillman is a few kilometers from the Pakistan border . The NATO-led force issued a brief official statement saying the alliance is "  aware of the incident and is assessing it to determine what happened . " Pakistani officials confirmed that two soldiers were wounded . The Pakistani military said it has lodged a "  strong protest " and called for a meeting of the two sides . A NATO spokeswoman offered little detail about the incident . "  We 're aware of a cross-border incident . We 're still assessing the situation , " said Lt. Commander Kaye Sweetser , a spokeswoman for the coalition troops . Pakistani intelligence officials said the incident started when a NATO fighter jet entered Pakistani airspace near the border with Afghanistan . Pakistani troops began firing at the jet from the ground , said the officials who did not want to be named because they were not authorized to speak to the media . The jet retreated and then returned , accompanied by helicopters , and fired on a military check post in a village in North Waziristan , the officials said . The incident comes at a time of increased tension between Pakistan and the United States . Pakistani officials have bristled over an unauthorized U.S. raid into Pakistan to kill al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden . U.S. drone strikes in Pakistan have also been a source of concern , as Islamabad says the strikes have killed civilians . The Pakistani parliament recently condemned the raid and adopted a resolution calling for a review of its counterterrorism cooperation agreement with the United States . The resolution also ordered the immediate end of drone attacks that targets militants in a tribal region of Pakistan near the Afghan border . U.S. Sen. John Kerry has been visiting Pakistan this week and said Pakistan on Tuesday will return the tail of a U.S. helicopter damaged during the bin Laden raid -- a move aimed at improving cooperation between the two nations . The helicopter crashed during the May 2 raid of the al Qaeda leader 's compound . Navy SEALs were able to destroy much of it , but the tail remained largely intact . In photos of the wreckage , aviation experts said they saw several telltale signs of stealth technology . Kerry said Monday that the United States need not apologize to Pakistan for the raid but said it 's important the countries find a way to heal their relationship . CNN 's Christine Theodorou and Nasir Habib contributed to this report .	NEW : NATO official : Helicopters returned fire after being fired on twice The Pakistani military said it has lodged a "  strong protest " Two Pakistani soldiers are wounded , the officials say This incident comes at a time when Pakistan is sensitive about incursions from foreign troops
CNN  -- Top seed Gael Monfils saved a match point before edging past American John Isner to reach the final of the Legg Mason Classic in Washington on Saturday . The 24-year-old Frenchman , who has won three career ATP Tour titles but only one outside his native country , now has an opportunity to double that statistic after winning 6-4 3-6 7-6 in a match that finished at 01:15 am local time following two rain delays . "  It was really tough to deal with -- to go on court then come back again . The weather was just like Wimbledon , " Monfils told the official ATP Tour website . The greatest match in tennis history He added : "  I have had a tough year . I had an injury and a new coach , so to come up strong again feels good . " Monfils will face Czech Radek Stepanek , the oldest player in the world 's top 100 , in the final . The 32-year-old Stepanek , world-ranked 54 , sealed his place with a comfortable 6-3 6-3 success over American Donald Young . "  It has been a year and a half since I was in a final , so definitely I 'm very pleased about that , " said Stepanek , who has won four career titles but has not reached a final since losing to Andy Roddick in Brisbane last year . Meanwhile , top seed Vera Zvonareva will face third seed Agnieszka Radwanska in the final of the WTA Carlsbad event in San Diego , California , but both players had to come back from dropping their opening sets to progress . Russian Zvonareva was pushed all the way by former world number one Ana Ivanovic of Serbia , taking two-and-a-half hours to claim a 5-7 6-4 6-4 success . Meanwhile , Pole Radwanska looked to be heading out against second seed Andrea Petkovic . However , the German was then hampered by a stomach virus , and Radwanska fought back to progress 4-6 6-0 6-4 . "  I ate something wrong for lunch . I originally thought it was just a lack of energy , so I had a banana and thought it was going to get better , but actually it felt much worse , " Petkovic told the official WTA Tour website . Radwanska , who has been suffering from a shoulder injury , last reached a final when losing to Svetlana Kuznetsova here last year . Meanwhile , Petkovic will move into the world 's top 10 for the first time in her career on Monday , replacing Australian Samantha Stosur , despite her defeat .	Gael Monfils saves a match point before reaching Legg Mason Classic final Frenchman now faces Radek Stepanek after defeating American John Isner Vera Zvonareva and Agnieszka Radwanska to meet in WTA Carlsbad final
CNN  -- Former "  Good Morning America " co-host Joan Lunden revealed on Tuesday that she has been diagnosed with breast cancer . Posting to fans via Twitter and a letter on her website JoanLunden.com , Lunden said she had received an all-clear two weeks ago after her annual mammogram , but "  for women who have dense fibrous breast tissue , as I do , often our doctors will recommend an ultrasound as well . " "  My ultrasound that day revealed a tumor in my right breast , " she wrote . "  After a core biopsy was performed , I heard those words that every woman fears and that I never thought I 'd hear : ` you have breast cancer . ' " Lunden , who co-hosted "  GMA " from 1980 to 1997 , said she initially considered keeping the news private , but decided to go public with her diagnosis . "  I have decided to talk about my breast cancer because since the moment I took the job at ` Good Morning America ' I have lived my life sharing my joys and my disappointments with all of you : my pregnancies , my relationships , my career , " she said . "  I have shared my journey . So it certainly did n't feel right keeping this part of my journey a secret . " Lunden turned to current "  GMA " co-host and breast cancer survivor Robin Roberts to offer her first TV interview about having the disease . The news hit home for the staff , as "  GMA " co-host Amy Robach is currently being treated for breast cancer . Lunden told Roberts that the form of cancer she has is particularly aggressive . "  In the beginning it 's such a shock , it 's a stunner , " Lunden told Roberts . "  For me , I 'm a health advocate , I 'm all over America talking to women saying , ` Make sure you get all of your checkups . ' In the beginning you almost feel like ` What did I do wrong ? ' " Lunden , whose late father was a cancer surgeon , said she gets mammograms every year . She is now in "  warrior mode " learning everything she can about the disease and is currently undergoing chemotherapy , she said .	Lunden announced her diagnosis on Tuesday A mammogram did n't reveal the tumor She said she 's now in "  warrior mode "
Beirut , Lebanon  CNN  -- A pair of suicide bombs detonated outside the Iranian Embassy in Lebanon 's capital Tuesday , killing nearly two dozen people in a bloody new ripple from neighboring Syria 's civil war . Lebanon 's Health Ministry said at least 23 people were killed and 147 wounded . Among the dead was Iran 's cultural attache , Ebrahim Ansari , Iran 's state-run news agency reported . The victims also included two Iranian civilians who lived in a building close to the embassy , Lebanon 's National News Agency reported . The Abdullah Azzam Brigades , a Sunni jihadist group linked to al Qaeda , claimed responsibility for the bombings via Twitter . The group warned that more attacks would come unless the Lebanese-based , Iranian-backed Shiite militia Hezbollah stops sending fighters to support Syrian government forces . It also demanded the release of the group 's members being held prisoner in Lebanon . The Lebanese army said one of the blasts was caused by a suicide bomber on a scooter , and the other was caused by a suicide bomber in an SUV . Stunned witnesses looked on as massive flames and pillars of black smoke leaped into the sky over Beirut , while fires burned out several cars parked on a nearby street . At least six buildings were damaged , Lebanese Internal Security Forces said . Lebanon 's acting prime minister , Najib Mikati , said the blasts were "  a cowardly terrorist attack " and urged the Lebanese public "  to exercise the utmost restraint because we are going through a very difficult phase , " according to NNA , the Lebanon news agency . Mikati also called the Iranian ambassador to check on his safety and express his condolences , NNA said . The Iranian ambassador to Lebanon , Ghazanfar Roknabadi , told Hezbollah 's Al-Manar TV that he had no doubt the embassy was the target of the two blasts , but that any effort to thwart Iran 's agendas would be unsuccessful . "  We have no fear when it comes to giving more martyrs in the line of duties , " he said . Tuesday 's attack is the latest in a series of bombings , rocket attacks and killings that have spilled over from Syria 's three-year civil war , which also has left Lebanon straining under the weight of more than 818,000 refugees , according to the United Nations . In August , a pair of bombs ripped through neighborhoods near mosques in Tripoli , Lebanon , with ties to Syrian rebels . At least 27 people died in that attack , while a car bomb targeting a Hezbollah stronghold in a southern suburb of Beirut killed at least 22 and injured hundreds . More than 100,000 people have been killed in Syria , where the Iranian-backed government of President Bashar al-Assad is battling rebels seeking an end to his family dynasty . Al-Assad and the core of his regime are Alawites , members of an offshoot of Shia Islam , but the majority of Syrians and a large portion of the rebels are Sunni . Group : 31 Syrian troops die in bomb attack Beirut-based Middle East analyst Rami Khouri told CNN that Sunni jihadist groups have grown rapidly in the past decade and now threaten "  everybody in the region . " "  They 're anti-Iran , anti-Arab , anti-Israeli , anti-Turkish , " said Khouri , director of the Issam Fares Institute of Public Policy and International Affairs at the American University of Beirut . "  They are the big threat , and the fact that these guys are now getting into the business of bombing embassies and bombing their adversaries with suicide bombs is really something quite frightening to everybody . " The Abdullah Azzam Brigades has claimed responsibility for a failed attack on U.S. warships docked in Jordan and for bombings of Egyptian beach resorts in 2004 and 2005 that killed more than 100 people . The United States declared it a terrorist group in 2012 , saying it was responsible for a 2010 attack on a Japanese-owned oil tanker in the Strait of Hormuz and had expressed interest in attacking Western interests in the Middle East . The group formed in the Palestinian refugee camps in Lebanon and has battled Lebanese government troops before , Khouri said . Khouri said the violence is part of a longstanding struggle for influence among Shiite-led Iran , Sunni-led Saudi Arabia and their allies that has turned much of the region "  into a single political and military battleground . " "  Syria aggravated this and made it much more brutal , much more barbaric and spilling over with refugees , arms flows , artillery fire across borders in the region , " he said . But he added , "  If Syria were to settle down tomorrow , you would probably still have some of these groups fighting each other in Iraq or in Lebanon or in other places in the region . " CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh reported from Beirut ; Matt Smith wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Hamdi Alkhshali , Saad Abedine . Nada Husseini and Holly Yan contributed to this report .	Beirut bombs target Iranian Embassy , killing 23 and wounding nearly 150 Sunni jihadists claim responsibility , demand that Iran-backed Hezbollah quit Syria The bombing is the latest violence in Lebanon linked to the Syrian conflict Much of the Middle East is "  a single political and military battleground " now , analyst says
CNN  -- Amy Bishop Anderson -- the professor accused of shooting six of her colleagues , killing three -- pleaded guilty to attempted murder charges on Tuesday and agreed to plead guilty to a capital murder charge in two weeks . Appearing in Madison County Circuit Court , Bishop Anderson accepted an agreement with the state and pleaded guilty to three counts of attempted murder . She also faces one count of capital murder . Bishop Anderson will plead guilty to the capital murder charge before a jury on September 24 , according to CNN affiliate WAFF . Under Alabama law , juries are required in capital murder cases even when a plea agreement has been reached . According to the terms of the plea deal , Bishop could be sentenced to life in prison for each of the attempted murder charges . Police : Records on '86 shooting involving professor found Prosecutors say Bishop Anderson , who taught at the University of Alabama-Huntsville , killed department head Gopi Podila and associate professors Maria Davis and Adriel Johnson during a biology department faculty meeting on February 12 , 2010 . Bishop Anderson , a Harvard-trained geneticist , had been denied tenure at the university a few weeks before the shootings . WAFF reported that prosecutors said Bishop Anderson 's pleas on Tuesday confirm the facts of the shootings . The jury on September 24 will hear a shortened version of the case . A judge in March 2010 placed a gag order on attorneys and law enforcement personnel prohibiting them from talking to the media . Bishop Anderson also has been also charged in Massachusetts with the murder of her brother , Seth , in 1986 . Her brother 's shooting originally had been ruled an accident , but the case was reopened after the Alabama shootings . Amy Bishop , who was 21 , told authorities she had asked for her 18-year-old brother 's help unloading a shotgun and it accidentally discharged . Police : University shooting suspect was charged after fight in 2002 Alabama professor 's lawyer regrets calling her ` wacko '	Amy Bishop Anderson will plead guilty to capital murder charges September 24 The former biology professor opened fire during a faculty meeting in 2010 She is also stands accused of killing her brother in Massachusetts
CNN  -- A third person -- identified only as a girl -- has died from injuries sustained in last week 's crash of Asiana Airlines Flight 214 , officials at the San Francisco hospital where she was being treated said Friday . San Francisco General spokeswoman Rachael Kagan said the "  minor girl " had been in critical condition at the Bay Area hospital since last Saturday 's incident . The hospital did n't release any information about the girl -- including her name , age or ethnicity -- who died Friday morning , according to Dr. Margaret Knudson , the hospital 's chief of surgery . "  It 's a very , very sad day today at San Francisco General Hospital , " said Dr. Geoffrey Manley , chief of neurosurgery . "  We have all done everything we could . " Two other people -- both 16-year-old girls from China -- were reported dead soon after the Boeing 777 crash-landed at San Francisco International Airport . One of those teenagers was hit on the runway by a fire truck , though it 's not clear whether she was already dead when she was struck , San Francisco police spokesman Albie Esparza told CNN on Friday . At the time , firefighters were using flame retardant that ended up surrounding areas immediately around the plane with foam , Esparza said . "  When the truck repositioned itself to get a better aim of the fuselage , they discovered the body of the victim in the fresh track from the path of the truck , " he added . The foam was thick enough to cover a body , Esparza noted . Moreover , it is difficult for those in the "  industrial-size " fire trucks that responded to crash to see things on the ground , the police spokesman said . "  Right now , we are waiting results from the coroner to determine if she died from the crash or the fire engine going over her , " the police spokesman said . "  And that will be part of our investigations , like any other case , by our hit-and-run and major accidents investigations teams . " Of the passengers and crew on board , 304 people survived -- 123 of whom walked away relatively unscathed and the remainder sent to hospitals . A handful of them remained hospitalized , including six patients at San Francisco General as of 3 p.m.  6 p.m. ET  Friday . That hospital 's figure include two adults in critical condition with spinal cord injuries , abdominal injuries , internal bleeding , road rash and fractures . Besides the passengers and crew members ' physical recovery , San Francisco International Airport is working to get back to normal as well . The airport was shut down to incoming and departing traffic for several hours after the Asiana crash , which occurred around 11:30 a.m. Saturday . Two of its four runways reopened later that day , though the charred remnants of the downed 777 remained -- a visible reminder of the horror that had unfolded . Early Friday morning , that airline 's fuselage was hauled away on flatbed trucks to a remote section of the airport , said San Francisco International Airport in a press release . By 5:05 p.m. , a Southwest Airlines jet landed on the runway where the crash occurred -- signifying that , for the first time in six days , all four of the airport 's runways were operational . "  The tremendous efforts and around-the-clock work of airport staff , government agencies , airline tenants and contractors allowed us to complete all repairs and safety certifications for Runway 28L in a timely and efficient manner , " said airport director John L. Martin . While the wreckage has been hauled away , investigators still have not pinpointed exactly why Flight 214 crashed , or who was to blame . An in-depth review of the cockpit voice recorder shows two pilots called for the landing to be aborted before the plane hit a seawall and crashed onto the runway , the head of the National Transportation Safety Board said Thursday . The first internal call by one of the three pilots in the cockpit to abort the landing came three seconds before the crash and a second was made by another pilot 1.5 seconds before impact , NTSB chief Deborah Hersman said . The agency has begun wrapping up its investigation at the airport and crews are cleaning up the debris left by the crash . Investigators turned the runway back over to the airport . The runway has been closed since Saturday 's crash . The investigation is shifting back to NTSB headquarters in Washington , where authorities will work to find a more definitive answer about what led to the crash . The passenger jet 's main landing gear slammed into the seawall between the airport and San Francisco Bay , spinning the aircraft 360 degrees as it broke into pieces and eventually caught fire . CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter , Augie Martin and Ed Payne contributed to this report .	NEW : All four runways at San Francisco 's airport are now operational , airport says A girl , who 'd been in critical condition , died Friday morning at a San Francisco hospital A teen who died earlier was hit by fire truck , police say Her body was believed to be covered in foam sprayed by firefighters , spokesman says
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Four staff members of the International Criminal Court were freed Monday after several weeks of detention in Libya , a Libyan liaison with the court said . Judge Sang-Hyun Song , the president of the court , met them on their release in the Libyan city of Zintan , said Ahmed Gehani . Melinda Taylor , a defense lawyer for the ICC , was detained in the city of Zintan after she was discovered carrying documents which the Libyan authorities said jeopardized Libyan national security . Three other court staff with her at the time have also been held . Taylor , an Australian citizen , is not in jail , but was placed under house arrest . They were released because they have immunity from prosecution in Libya due to their association with the court . The Libyan government continues to demand that the ICC investigate the incident and notify the Libyan side of their findings . Before the release , the Australian government welcomed the news that Taylor appeared close to being freed . "  We 're very , very happy for her and for her family , " Bob Carr , the Australian foreign minister , said in an interview with Fairfax Radio . "  But we 'll delay the celebration until she 's actually homeward bound . " A search in early June by female Libyan guards after Taylor interviewed Saif al-Islam Gadhafi , a son of the late Libyan dictator Moammar Gadhafi , found documents written by former regime members , according to Gehani , a Libyan lawyer who serves as a liaison with the international court . The documents included a letter from Mohammed Ismail , Saif Gadhafi 's former right-hand man . Taylor was also carrying three blank papers signed by Saif Gadhafi , Gehani said . Her meeting with Saif Gadhafi , who was captured last November , was authorized by the international court as part of his rights of defense in the case against him . Both the international court and Libya 's new authorities want to put Saif Gadhafi on trial . The court has demanded that Libya hand him over immediately to face accusations of crimes against humanity . Libya appealed the decision , saying that he should be tried at home . Following negotiations with the Libyan government over the detained staff , the court -- based in The Hague , Netherlands -- issued a statement June 22 saying it "  deeply regrets any events that may have given rise to concerns on the part of the Libyan authorities . " It said it had "  no intention of doing anything that would undermine the national security of Libya . " CNN 's Laura Perez Maestro and Jethro Mullen contributed to this report .	NEW : An Australian lawyer and three other court staff members are released after weeks Melinda Taylor is a defense attorney for the court who met with Saif Gadhafi Libya says she was found to be carrying documents that jeopardized national security The court and national governments have been negotiating for the detainees ' release
CNN  -- A Southwest Airlines plane moving on the ground collided with a JetBlue plane parked at another gate at Boston Logan International Airport Monday morning , according to the Federal Aviation Administration . There were no injuries to Southwest passengers or crew , the airline said in a statement . The JetBlue plane had no passengers or crew on board , according to Real Hamilton-Romeo , spokeswoman for JetBlue . The Southwest plane , a Boeing 737 , was being pushed back from a gate and clipped a parked JetBlue Airbus A320 , according to a statement from Southwest Airlines . The winglet of the Southwest 737 struck the horizontal stabilizer of the JetBlue A320 , according to Matthew Brelis , Director of Media Relations at Massachusetts Port Authority , which operates Boston Logan International Airport . Southwest worked to get the 108 passengers scheduled to be on board re-accommodated on other flights to their destination of Kansas City , according to a statement from the airline . A replacement aircraft was later provided for that flight . The Southwest aircraft involved in the incident is out of service for repairs and inspections , the Southwest statement added . Though Brelis said there was no impact to Logan airport operations , both airlines experienced delays . The Southwest flight landed more than five hours later than originally planned . The flight , scheduled to land in Kansas City at about 9:35 a.m. did not land until 2:39 p.m. CT , according to the Southwest website . The JetBlue flight , which was being prepared for boarding , also experienced delays on its way to Chicago , according to JetBlue spokeswoman Hamilton-Romeo . The A320 's two subsequent flights were canceled . An FAA official told CNN Monday that the agency will investigate the incident . CNN 's Aaron Cooper , Leigh Remizowski and Julia Lull contributed to this report .	A Southwest Airlines plane was being pushed back from a gate That plane struck a parked JetBlue aircraft at another gate There were no reports of any injuries from either of the aircrafts The FAA says the incident is under investigation
CNN  -- A white Mississippi man has been sentenced to life in prison for the 2011 murder of an African-American man , with the judge calling it an inexcusable , "  despicable " crime . Deryl Dedmon pleaded guilty to murder and a hate-crime charge before a judge in Jackson on Wednesday afternoon , admitting to the June killing of James Craig Anderson . Hinds County Circuit Judge Jeff Weill sentenced him to two concurrent life terms , saying , "  This craven act is n't who we are . " "  Whatever excuse you offer , forget that . There is no excuse , " Weill said . He added , "  The state of Mississippi condemns this despicable crime . " Dedmon , 19 , told the judge that he was a "  changed man " who had found religion since his arrest . "  I wish I could take it all back , " he said , adding , "  I was young and dumb , ignorant and full of hatred . I chose to go down the wrong path . " Dedmon is also expected to plead guilty to still-undisclosed federal charges Thursday , three sources with knowledge of the case told CNN -- the first indication that a federal case was pending in Anderson 's death . Officials would disclose no details , but Hinds County District Attorney Robert Shuler Smith said he expected other charges -- and other arrests . "  This is just the beginning , " Smith said . Anderson 's killing prompted several large marches and prayer vigils in Jackson , a city of about 537,000 people . His sister , Barbara Anderson Young , said during Wednesday 's hearing that her family was praying for "  racial conciliation . " "  These last months have been very difficult , " Young said . "  We cried . We wept . We reminisced about our beloved brother , Craig , a loss I can not even explain . Craig was a big-hearted person who loved his fellow man . " Anderson died after he was beaten and run over by a truck driven by Dedmon , according to police . Dedmon was part of a group of seven white youths from largely white Rankin County who decided to "  go f**k with some niggers , " after a night of partying and drinking , law enforcement officials have said , quoting some of the suspects in the case . Smith has said the evidence indicated the suspects , who ranged in age from 17 to 19 , "  went out with the intention to harm and , in this case , kill a black man . " According to investigators , they drove 16 miles in two vehicles from Rankin County to Jackson , where after exiting the highway , they found Anderson alone in a parking lot about 4 a.m. on June 26 . The white men allegedly beat Anderson repeatedly , yelling racial epithets . After the beating , Dedmon drove his Ford F-250 truck over him , leaving him to die , according to what some of the teens cooperating with police have told authorities . Anderson 's death drew national attention after CNN first reported it and aired exclusive surveillance video of the killing , captured by a parking lot security camera in a Jackson suburb . A second man , John Aaron Rice , was initially charged with murder , but a judge reduced the charges to simple assault because Rice was not believed to be driving the vehicle used to kill Anderson . For months , lawyers had been working behind the scenes in Jackson , where Dedmon is being held , fighting over a change of venue in a possible trial . Smith had hoped to have a trial in Jackson , where the crime occurred and which is largely black . But defense attorneys wanted to move the trial to an area with a larger white population , the law enforcement officials said . Murder suspect carried ` backpack of hatred ' Authorities believe Dedmon led and instigated the attack . On a sweltering Mississippi night in June , a gang of youths climbed into Dedmon 's green truck and a white SUV and drove to the western edge of Jackson . They would have seen Anderson immediately as they exited the highway , officials said . He was standing in a hotel parking lot just beyond the exit ramp . On the videotape obtained exclusively by CNN , the group pulls into the parking lot and stops where Anderson is standing , although he is just off camera and not visible . The young men can then be seen going back and forth between their cars and Anderson . Witnesses told authorities this is when Anderson 's beating took place , as the white youths yelled racial epithets , including "  white power . " Authorities allege Dedmon and many of the other teens pummeled Anderson repeatedly as he crumpled to the ground , although this is not visible on the tape . After the beating , some of the white youths left , and others got into the green Ford truck . At this moment , Anderson becomes visible on the tape as he staggers into view and walked toward the truck . "  Defendant Dedmon drove the F-250 out of the parking lot and turned right onto Ellis Avenue , " the lawsuit says . "  Just as Dedmon turned right , his headlights shone directly on Anderson , who , having been severely beaten , was stumbling in a grassy area near the motel 's entrance . Dedmon accelerated , drove onto and over the street curb , and struck Anderson with the front of the F-250 . " Shortly afterward , Dedmon allegedly boasted and laughed about the killing , according to statements some of the teens made to detectives . "  I ran that nigger over , " he allegedly said in a phone conversation to the youths in the other car . "  He was not remorseful , " Smith said . "  He was laughing , laughing about the killing . " But during a bail hearing last year , Dedmon 's attorney told the court he saw nothing to back up the "  racial allegations . " The U.S. Justice Department had been looking into the death as a possible federal hate crime and assisting local prosecutors . Federal investigators also have been digging for months into other possible crimes in the area committed by Dedmon and others that might show a pattern of racial violence . Anderson 's family had asked state and federal officials not to seek the death penalty against Dedmon or any other youths who might be charged in the case , saying they oppose capital punishment in part because of their religious faith . The family also filed a wrongful death suit against all seven of the white youths who were present at the beating of Anderson . The Southern Poverty Law Center , a nationally recognized organization in Montgomery , Alabama , that opposes racism and intolerance , joined in the lawsuit to help the case , joining forces with the family 's attorney , Winston J. Thompson III . "  James Anderson lost his life for no other reason than the color of his skin , " said Morris Dees , chief trial counsel for the law center . "  Those responsible must be held accountable for their callous and deadly actions . We are filing this lawsuit today to ensure his family gets a measure of justice . " Anderson , a line worker at a Nissan plant , sang in his church choir , Thompson said . He is survived by his partner of 17 years . "  He was just a pillar of the community , " Thompson said . "  He paid his taxes on time ; he went to work , came home -- he was just an average , ordinary citizen , good guy , wonderful gardener . "	Deryl Dedmon says he was "  ignorant and full of hatred " when he killed Anderson The victim 's sister says her family is praying for "  racial conciliation " The prosecutor says more charges and arrests are coming Dedmon has been sentenced to two concurrent life terms
CNN  Reading the headlines out of Madison , Wisconsin , it 's hard not to think about Ferguson , Missouri . But law enforcement 's response to the shooting of 19-year-old Tony Robinson will not unfold in the same chaotic , violent and distrusting way as the shooting of 18-year-old Michael Brown , Madison 's top police leaders vowed . "  I think it 's very clear that Madison , Wisconsin , is not Ferguson , Missouri , " said Jim Palmer , the executive director of the Wisconsin Professional Police Association . The head of the state 's largest law enforcement group told CNN Monday that the Madison police department , unlike the Ferguson department , has a strong relationship with the people it serves . Madison Police Chief Mike Koval has been out front and outspoken about Robinson 's shooting since it happened late Friday night . The chief said he understands people are angry and want answers . "  We have to say we are sorry at the outset for it and then we have to show affirmative steps in moving forward to bring community back into the fold , " he said . Here are some ways Madison law enforcement appears to be responding differently than what was seen in Ferguson : Difference in what police chiefs did after shooting Madison : Within hours of the shooting , Koval went to Robinson 's mother 's home . "  We need to start as any healing or any reconciliation should with an ` I 'm sorry , ' and I 've done that privately , and I 'm attempting to do that publicly and that 's the only way we can sort of begin the healing or the rift that may take years if at all to mend , " the police chief said . The mother did n't want to meet with him but the chief talked and prayed with the biracial teenager 's grandparents in the driveway , he said . They told Koval to hold off on trying to talk to the mother because emotions were too intense . "  I could n't even begin to get my hands around the enormity of the loss and the tragic consequences , " Koval said . "  Nineteen years old is too young . " He stressed that "  the effort has to be there , " in reaching out to the family . "  We have to acknowledge it , we have to own it , we have to say we are sorry at the outset for it and then we have to show affirmative steps in moving forward to bring community back into the fold , as it were . " Ferguson : A day after Brown , who was African-American , was killed , protesters took to the streets of the Missouri town . They were incensed that witnesses said Brown 's hands were up and that the teen 's body had remained in the street , in the sun , for four hours . A month went by before Ferguson Police Chief Thomas Jackson apologized to Brown 's family . "  I 'm truly sorry for the loss of your son . I 'm also sorry that it took so long to remove Michael from the street , " he said , in a videotaped message . A day after Brown 's killing a vigil for him devolved into violence . Police tried to keep the crowd under control but clashes erupted . One officer was seen holding the leash of a barking dog , and St. Louis Alderman Antonio French said some officers wielded shotguns . Four days after Brown was killed and more than a day after riots erupted in Ferguson , Jackson spoke at a community forum , saying , the situation "  has been a tragedy for the city and the country . " Responding to criticism that he 'd missed immediate opportunities to address tension in the town that turned into violence , he said , "  It breaks my heart -LSB- that -RSB- some think I 'm part of the problem . " The police chief promised the crowd he would be part of the solution . But issues with how the department interacted with protesters and media continued . "  Keep moving " was a common refrain that police told protesters and law enforcement threatened to arrest anyone who stood along sidewalks , whether they were resting or a reporter taking notes . In some cases , officers told demonstrators they could n't stand for more than five seconds ; some protesters were yelled at for walking too slowly . Such a tactic was a violation of the Constitution , a federal judge later ruled . In his videotaped message , Jackson apologized for that , too . "  The right of the people to peacefully assemble is what the police are here to protect . If anyone who was peacefully exercising that right is upset and angry , I feel responsible and I 'm sorry , " the police chief said . Five ways the Ferguson police chief is in hot water Difference in investigation procedures : Madison : Under Wisconsin law , an outside agency is tasked with investigating police-involved shootings . In the case in Madison , that would be the Division of Criminal Investigation . Once DCI completes its work , findings will be delivered to the local district attorney , Chief Koval said . On Monday , Gov. Scott Walker issued a statement saying that another layer of investigation will come from the Wisconsin Department of Justice , which will conduct an independent investigation -- a requirement of all officer-involved deaths . Ferguson : Chief Jackson asked the St. Louis County Police Department to conduct an independent investigation into Brown 's killing . It was only a few days that passed between the shooting and when Jon Belmar , the chief of St. Louis County Police Department , told media what led to Ferguson Police Officer Darren Wilson shooting Brown . "  The genesis of this was a physical confrontation , " Belmar said . Brown "  physically assaulted " the officer , Belmar said , and the teen tried to get the officer 's weapon . Differences with timing of releasing the officer 's name Madison : Chief Koval released the name of the officer who shot Robinson within hours of the incident . He is 12-year department veteran Matt Kenny . The chief volunteered that the officer had shot and killed a man in 2007 . Kenny was cleared on any wrongdoing in that incident , the chief said , because an investigation determined that the man was killed in a "  suicide by cop " situation . During the incident involving Robinson , Kenny suffered a blow to the head , Koval said . He has been placed on paid administrative leave pending an investigation . Ferguson : Three days after Brown was killed , Ferguson police backtracked on a promise made a day earlier to release the name of the officer . The reason the department gave ? Threats made to another officer who was falsely accused on social media of shooting Brown , Jackson said . The chief said he thought the threats were "  credible " and that "  the safety factor far outweighs the benefit from releasing the name , which is minimal . " Lawyers representing Brown 's family blasted the decision , and accused the police of protecting their own and ignoring standard procedures . Difference in how authorities described victim 's past Madison : Wisconsin Circuit Court documents indicate Robinson pleaded guilty in December to an armed robbery that occurred last April . But when Koval was pressed for more details , he refused to talk about the teen 's record or any run-ins with law enforcement . "  I could but I choose not to , " the chief said . "  I frankly think it is , for our purposes today , wholly inappropriate and I am not going to blemish anyone 's character , particularly someone 's as young as his . " Ferguson : Six days after Brown 's shooting -- on the same day police released Officer Wilson 's name -- police released surveillance video of a convenience store robbery in which Brown was allegedly involved before he died . The decision to release that video frustrated many , including others in law enforcement . Missouri State Highway Patrol Capt. Ron Johnson stated the robbery and shooting of Brown "  are separate issues . " "  I told  Chief Jackson  I think both of those being released today was not needed and was not the way that we needed to go , " Johnson told CNN . "  Today is about taking care of this incident here , getting to those facts that are there , and Michael Brown and his family . " Differences in mayor 's reaction immediately after shooting Madison : Less than a day after the shooting , Mayor Paul Soglin vowed that "  there will be answers , " the Wisconsin State Journal reported . "  We all deserve to know the facts in this case , " he said . "  Tony Robinson 's family deserves that , our community deserves that , and the Madison Police deserve that . When the answers come , we will be open and transparent in communicating them . " The promise to be transparent in sharing results of an investigation were repeated on the city 's web site . Ferguson : Ferguson Mayor James Knowles urged the community to stay calm and not escalate the situation . "  We do n't know what happened and there are lots of conflicting stories , " Knowles said . "  Unfortunately there will have to be some time taken to understand what happened . Hopefully we will get to an understanding and justice will be served . " Speaking a day after a vigil for Brown devolved into a riot , Knowles said on CNN that "  the events of last night are not indicative of who we are , " and that the chaos was "  not constructive " and only "  bringing down the community . " Difference in size and tone of rallies and tone Madison : On Friday night , dozens of demonstrators gathered in Madison . "  Who do we trust ? " some called out , prompting the response , "  No one ! " And in another refrain , they chanted , "  Black lives matter , " a phrase that Ferguson protesters coined . Online the #WillyStreet hashtag , referencing to Williamson Street , where the shooting happened , trended . "  Praying for Madison tonight , " wrote one activist . "  Stand up , sit in , walk out - until u get answers . And until there are no more hashtag eulogies . " The demonstrations , which have been constant , have remained peaceful . Watch protesters outraged over police killing Ferguson : Just hours after Brown was killed , a vigil for him turned violent as people hurled bottles at officers and kicked police cars parked on the streets . The often-violent demonstrations continued off and on for weeks , and protests around the country were held in solidarity . While many protesters were peaceful , in late November buildings were set on fire and destruction spread after a grand jury said it had decided not to indict Officer Wilson . Fire , chaos erupt in Ferguson after grand jury does n't indict CNN 's Elise Miller , Eliott C. McLaughlin , Faith Karami , Kristina Sgueglia , Rosa Flores , Ralph Ellis , Joe Sutton and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	Police officials in Madison say their responses to shooting by officer reflect their role in community One example : Madison chief talked to teen 's family soon after shooting A month went by before Ferguson chief apologized to Brown 's family
Mashable  -- Nearly 6,800 company-operated Starbucks stores in the U.S. will begin accepting mobile payments Wednesday . Customers using the Starbucks Card Mobile app on their iPhone , iPod touch or BlackBerry will now be able to use those devices as tender . The nationwide rollout marks the official launch of the Starbucks Card Mobile payment program , which has been piloted at Target stores and select San Francisco , Seattle and New York Starbucks locations . Starbucks Card Mobile lets users add their Starbucks Cards , track rewards and reload cards as needed via PayPal or credit card . To pay with their phone , app users simply select "  touch to pay " and hold up the barcode on their mobile device screen to the 2-D scanner at the register . An Android application is also said to be in the works , but the company has yet to disclose a release date . Starbucks is using its own custom-built technology to enable the 2-D mobile barcode scans . The coffee retailer opted for barcode scanning over near field communication technology -- which Google is exploring -- because of its limited availability . The coffee retailer was reluctant to wait for a NFC ecosystem to develop when its customers have expressed interest in mobile payments now , according to Chuck Davidson , the category manager of innovation on the Starbucks Card team . "  Once there are more users , we will adapt , " he says . In testing , Starbucks assessed the mobile payment option by measuring application speed , transaction speed and total customer wait time , says Brady Brewer , vice president of Starbucks Card and brand loyalty . In all instances , Starbucks Card Mobile was the fastest way for customers to pay . Starbucks is investing in mobile payments , an investment Davidson describes as modest in relation to expectations , because customers have requested the option and have shown a propensity to not only pay with Starbucks Cards -- one in five transactions are made using a Starbucks Card -- but frequently use their smartphones while waiting in line . The company also believes that its customers carry their mobile phones more often than a wallet or purse , and sees Starbucks Card Mobile and the mobile payment program as an opportunity to reach these consumers and build stronger relationships . Starbucks seems confident that its customers will appreciate the new , faster way to pay . Both Davidson and Brewer believe that adoption will spread as customers tell their friends about the new mobile payment option .  2010 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Nearly 6,800 Starbucks stores in U.S. will begin accepting mobile payments Customers can use Starbucks Card Mobile app on their iPhone , iPod touch or BlackBerry App lets users track rewards and reload cards as needed via PayPal or credit card
CNN  -- Injury is the biggest obstacle standing between Rafael Nadal and a record-extending eighth French Open title , according to former grand slam champion Pat Cash . The Spaniard is competing at one of tennis ' four grand slams for the first time since last year 's Wimbledon after spending seven months out of the sport with a knee injury . The 11-time grand slam champion survived a scare in his opener at Roland Garros before bouncing back to beat unseeded German Daniel Brands in four sets . Cash , who clinched the Wimbledon title in 1987 , reckons the right knee injury which kept Nadal off the court is the biggest threat to his challenge in Paris . "  Nadal is the most incredible clay court player of modern times , " said the CNN Open Court presenter . "  I think the only question is how fit he is . "  He certainly looks fit and he 's hitting the ball unbelievably well . "  Whether his knees will hold up if he gets stuck in a couple of five-set matches , he 's going to have tough matches at the French Open there 's no doubt about that . "  He 's proven over his career that he can do it . He 's having such a long clay-court season that his fitness should n't be a problem . It 's hard not to put him favorite . " Nadal defeated world No. 1 Novak Djokovic in last year 's final to clinch an Open-era record seventh French Open title . The clay-court crown is the only grand slam missing from Djokovic 's CV and cash argues the Serb is still short of rivaling Nadal on the surface . "  On clay , Djokovic has his off days , he 's more up and down on clay than Nadal is , " Cash said of the six-time grand slam winner , who notched up a straight-sets win over Belgium 's David Goffin in the first round . "  It makes it much more of a challenge having Nadal there . " One man hoping to challenge for the title is Roger Federer , who eased into the third round Wednesday following a 6-2 6-1 6-1 win over Indian qualifier Somdev Devvarman . Federer , seeded second , cruised to his 56th victory at the tournament , leaving him just two wins behind the record jointly held by Guillermo Vilas and Nicola Pietrangeli . But Cash believes the 2009 winner , now 31 , faces a huge task to claim an 18th major title with age beginning to catch up with him . "  Federer is starting to take quite a lot of time away from the game , " said Cash . "  He 's played so many matches , he certainly knows how to play . It 's just getting enough sharp matches going into a grand slam . "  In the past he 's been able to whip through the early rounds . The way Federer plays , his style , he gives players so little time to breath he 's able to whip through the lesser players and it keeps him fresh for the big matches . "  As we saw at the Australian Open , it 's the one time in his career he 's had to play back-to-back five-set matches , which is unbelievable . "  He could n't get through that , Andy Murray got the better of him . He is going have to start doing that now he 's getting a little bit older . There are a lot of ifs and buts , it makes it interesting . " Federer will play home favorite Julien Benneteau in the next round after the Frenchman prevailed 7-6 7-5 5-7 0-6 6-4 against Germany 's Tobias Kamke . France 's hopes of a first men 's champion in 30 years remained on course with further victories for Jo-Wilfried Tsonga and Gael Monfils . Tsonga overcame Finland 's Jarkko Nieminen 7-6 6-4 6-3 to set up a clash with compatriot Jeremy Chardy , while Monfils battled past Latvia 's Ernests Gulbis 6-7 6-4 7-6 6-2 to earn a third round tie with Tommy Robredo . There were also victories for Serbia 's Janko Tipsarevic , Spain 's number four seed David Ferrer and Canada 's Milos Raonic . In the women 's section , Serena Williams thrashed Caroline Garcia 6-1 6-2 to set up a last-16 clash with Romania 's 26th seed Sorana Cristea . The 15-time grand slam winner has now gone 26 matches without defeat . Third seed Victoria Azarenka will face 19-year-old German Annika Beck in the next round following a routine win over Elena Vesnina . Azarenka , who made the last-eight in Paris in both 2009 and 2011 , claimed a 6-1 6-4 victory to set up a clash with the 2012 junior champion . But there was bad news for Caroline Wozniacki , seeded 10th , who was beaten 7-6 6-3 by world number 47 Bojan Jovanovski .	Pat Cash says injury biggest threat to Rafael Nadal 's chances of glory at French Open Spain 's Nadal aiming for eighth title at Roland Garros Roger Federer eases through to third round where he will face Julien Benneteau of France . Serena Williams and Victoria Azarenka progress in women 's draw
CNN  -- "  You drive for show , but putt for dough . " That 's the often-repeated mantra of the late South African golfer Bobby Locke , who put his own words to good use in winning four British Open titles . Good advice for any golfer , but the skills needed to knock a small ball into a slightly bigger hole can be applied in many walks of life outside of the proverbial pleasant amble spoiled . "  The discipline in setting an immediate , action-orientated target , or job that one is completely in control of , boosts one 's concentration , which is vital for success in every area of life , " Irish professor Aidan Moran told CNN . So , just as top golfers need to do more than just drive a ball 300-plus yards , success in any sphere depends on combining physical capability with mental focus . And the good news is , all it takes is practice . The bad news is , it takes a lot of practice . Moran , who has worked with three-time major champion and fellow Irishman Padraig Harrington , has utilized his expertise in cognitive psychology to produce the CD "  Learn to Win at Golf " and a series of other media releases . They aim to improve people 's concentration and performance in academic and sporting situations , and the results are sometimes remarkable -- if not so easy to achieve . According to Moran , who lectures at University College in Dublin , research has shown that it takes about 10 years -- or 10,000 hours of practice -- to truly master a skill like putting or playing a musical instrument . Former Olympic table tennis star and now Times of London newspaper columnist Matthew Syed has written a book called "  Bounce " on the same theme . His theory is that anyone can master the skills to become a top-level performer in sports . Champions are made not born , is Syed 's central argument ; the myth of talent and the power of practice is his sub-text . "  I think everyone who has good hand-eye co-ordination has the capacity to be very good , certainly at an activity like putting , " he says . "  In my own sport of table tennis , I do n't think there 's anyone who 's reached a high level who actually has faster reaction times than the ordinary person . " Top golfers such as Tiger Woods , Phil Mickelson and Harrington have suffered from poor putting in between bouts of success , so why is it so difficult ? "  My feeling is that it is really upstairs , that putting issues have to do with what 's going on between the golfer 's ears , " says Dr. Alan Goldberg , a leading American sports psychologist who has worked with many players on the men 's and women 's U.S. circuits . Even the professionals can sometimes seem as fallible as ordinary hackers , but Goldberg believes that what separates the superstars of sport from the average person is an almost superhuman ability to "  mono focus " on tasks . "  I do n't think you can coach self-motivation , " he says . Putting clearly requires no unusual physical ability , but does rely on the utmost concentration and the ability to shut out all distractions , which is why silence is always demanded when the top players prepare to take their shots . "  The biggest challenge in putting is keeping yourself focused away from the outcome , " Goldberg says . "  Really good putters just concentrate on the feel and just focus on their body , get a right feel for the distance . " Moran believes the key is "  partly physical , partly psychological . " "  People tend to breathe in , so their center of gravity changes . You should breathe out gently when you putt -- it works , " he says . So plenty of good advice : keep focused , and do n't get ahead of yourself -- it 's a pity sometimes that the professionals do n't take it . American Doug Sanders missed a putt of less than two feet to win the 1970 British Open at St. Andrews , losing in a playoff to Jack Nicklaus . "  Do I ever think about the putt ? " he said 35 years later . "  Only every four or five minutes ! " To escape such nightmares , the long putter seems the obvious refuge as it adds stability to the stroke , with the club anchored under a golfer 's belly . It worked to brilliant effect for Keegan Bradley , who became the first professional to win a major with it earlier this year , but Goldberg believes that golfers who switch will make only temporary gains . Better , perhaps , to adopt the attitude of the great South African golfer Gary Player , who often performed miracles around the greens . "  The more I practice , the luckier I get , " the nine-time major champion was once famously quoted as saying . So for the high-handicapper , the message is that hours of practice makes perfect . Non-golfers can take this tip from Moran and apply it to a host of everyday tasks : "  Seeing and feeling and performing a skill in your mind 's eye , using your imagination to rehearse and practice it to perfection . " The question is : Do you have the dedication to achieve your goals whether on or off the course ?	Putting is a skill that can be mastered by anyone , experts tell CNN Practice really does make perfect , says Irish professor Aidan Moran Research shows there can be transferable skills to other walks of life Biggest challenge is keeping focused away from an outcome , psychologist says
CNN  -- A quip often attributed to Albert Einstein defines insanity as conducting the same actions repeatedly but expecting different results each time . By that characterization , insanity has been running rampant in Vienna , where diplomats from Iran and the P5 +1 , the five permanent members of the U.N. Security Council and Germany , have extended the deadline for talks aimed at resolving concerns over Iran 's nuclear program . The problem is not the attempt to resolve the crisis through diplomacy , but rather that the current diplomacy neither takes into account past Iranian behavior nor the lessons from similar diplomacy two decades ago to resolve North Korea 's clandestine nuclear work . First , it 's important to remember the root of distrust regarding Iran 's nuclear program . Iran has , for several decades , declared nuclear enrichment and experimentation to be its unalienable right . It signed the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty , membership of which includes technology sharing and enrichment . Every signatory , however , must negotiate a Safeguards Agreement with the International Atomic Energy Agency , the United Nation 's nuclear watchdog , an agreement the IAEA concluded in 2005 that Iran violated . Efforts to resolve suspicion about Iran 's nuclear ambitions are based on two pillars : Logic and behavior . Iranian authorities repeatedly say they want an indigenous nuclear program to power their country and they seek energy security . The problem is that Iran only appears to have enough uranium reserves to provide fuel for eight reactors -- the number Iranian authorities seek -- for 15 years . Conversely , for a fraction of the cost of its nuclear program , Iranian authorities could refurbish and expand its oil and gas refinery and pipeline network and power itself for more than a century . Then , of course , there 's Iran 's past behavior . Accusations against Iran rest not on secret intelligence such as that used in the lead-up to the 2003 Iraq war , but rather on a litany of lies exposed by successive IAEA inspection reports . Countries seeking only a civilian program do not construct enrichment sites in secret , acknowledging them only after their discovery . Nor do countries pursuing civilian energy experiment with nuclear bomb triggers . Iranian President Hassan Rouhani 's past contributes to the questions over his motives . In April 2009 , for example , Rouhani reportedly bragged that when he earlier headed nuclear negotiations , he used the talks to distract the West while Iran upgraded its centrifuge capacity . And for all the discussion of Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei 's supposed fatwa against developing nuclear weapons , no such fatwa exists on his webpage . Nor does it appear that Iranian officials quote it consistently , suggesting they may have simply made it up to confuse . A key problem with the current diplomacy is that it fails to consider what it would take to force a real Iranian compromise . Iranian authorities up to and including Khamenei have sworn no compromise on Iran 's right to enrich . Rather than challenge that demand , the Obama administration has acquiesced to it , in the process voiding multiple unanimous or near unanimous Security Council resolutions prohibiting Iranian enrichment . While Iranian officials insist an enrichment freeze is a nonstarter , it is important to recognize that Iranian authorities have in the past reversed themselves on issues about which they have been equally rigid . For example , revolutionary leader Ayatollah Khomeini compromised on U.S. hostages not because of the persistence of diplomacy , but rather because Iraq 's invasion of Iran made Tehran 's isolation too great to bear . In contrast , the Obama tactic of presaging negotiations by agreeing to unfreeze $ 7 billion in frozen assets and by allowing Iran to court new investment fails to increase Iran 's isolation to its breaking point . Negotiation absent leverage always fails . And even if an agreement is reached , there is no indication that it takes into account the vital lessons of North Korea : It has been just over 20 years since the United States and North Korea signed the Agreed Framework , a hard-fought agreement meant to return North Korea to the good graces of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Agreement . At the time , diplomats understood that the agreement was flawed , but they calculated a bad agreement trumped no agreement . In a subsequent book about their experience negotiating with the Hermit Kingdom , Bob Gallucci and his colleagues explained , "  If North Korea could walk away from the treaty 's obligations with impunity at the very moment its nuclear program appeared poised for weapons production , it would have dealt a devastating blow from which the treaty might never recover . " Then , as now , preserving the treaty trumped all else , even if it meant creating the fiction of effectiveness . And , just as the Obama administration appears frustrated with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu for raising public objections to the deal , 20 years ago , the Clinton team did likewise after South Korean President Kim Young-sam raised doubts about the wisdom of the accord and the direction of negotiations in a New York Times interview . Of course , in hindsight , South Korea was right . North Korea viewed the agreement as a means to a cash infusion , not as an obligation to forfeit nuclear ambitions . But , as evidence surfaced that North Korea was cheating , diplomats sought to exculpate Pyongyang so as to preserve the appearance that diplomacy had worked . Indeed , the desire to keep diplomacy alive became so deep that when the U.S. General Accounting Office concluded in 1999 that it could not certify that North Korea was using food aid as stipulated in its agreements , the State Department objected on the grounds that to acknowledge cheating would undercut diplomacy . Ditto when the GAO reported that North Korea had diverted heavy fuel oil . History shows that once a process begins , the State Department will not allow it to end . Keeping the talks alive soon trumps all other considerations , including their initial purpose : preventing nuclear proliferation . Alas , fiction can trump reality for only so long : North Korean nuclear tests belie the progress it made against the backdrop of diplomacy . So , back to Iran : Assessing the Islamic Republic 's previous nuclear negotiations , Iranian negotiator Hossein Mousavian once reportedly bragged that Iranian negotiators had "  managed to make far greater progress than North Korea . " Regardless of what happens now an extension has been announced , one thing is certain : As disputes arise , diplomats will shift the goalposts to keep all sides at the table . And once again , diplomatic insanity will triumph as Tehran grinds closer to its end goal .	Michael Rubin : Current Iran diplomacy does n't reflect its past behavior Negotiators should draw lessons from North Korea talks , Rubin says Essential negotiators make use of leverage over Iran , he says
CNN  -- Iraqis in Diyala province sarcastically call it "  the whale . " A new report says a half-built prison in Khan Bani Saad , Iraq , will probably never be used . The "  skeletal , half-built " shell of a maximum-security prison in Khan Bani Saad "  will probably never house an inmate " even though the United States spent $ 40 million on the now-halted $ 73 million project . Marred by "  poor security and weak subcontractor performance , " the project is among several examples of Iraqi rebuilding problems cited in a just-published history by the Special Inspector General for Iraq Reconstruction . Titled "  Hard Lessons : The Iraq Reconstruction Experience , " the report says the massive reconstruction initiative was marked by waste and failures caused by "  blinkered and disjointed " pre-war planning -- and was pursued amid deteriorating security . "  Why was an extensive rebuilding plan carried out in a gravely unstable security environment ? asked Stuart W. Bowen Jr. , the special inspector general for Iraq reconstruction , whose oversight jurisdiction covers $ 50 billion in U.S. funds appropriated by Congress for Iraq . "  This question underscores an overarching hard lesson from Iraq : Beware of pursuing large-scale reconstruction programs while significant conflict continues . " The report , released Monday , comes at a much less violent stage of the Iraqi conflict . The peaceful provincial elections across the nation Saturday reflected strides in political reconciliation and improvements in the performance of Iraqi security forces . But American commanders continually warn that the security gains are fragile and could be undermined by insurgents . The report says the U.S. government "  had neither the established structure nor the necessary resources to carry out the reconstruction mission it took on in mid-2003 . " It weaves interviews , facts and vignettes detailing the use of a "  sea of taxpayer dollars " from mid-2002 through autumn 2008 . "  Hard Lessons " also looks to the future . It stresses the importance of developing "  an agreed-upon doctrine and structure " for reconstruction "  so that the United States is ready when it next must intervene in a failed or failing state . " The first of several principles mentioned for such operations : "  Security is necessary for large-scale reconstruction to succeed . " After U.S. forces toppled the Saddam Hussein regime in 2003 , it was "  unprepared and ill-equipped to deal with what came next : a ` post-conflict ' environment torn by violence , looters , criminals , a nascent insurgency ; a governmental system in a state of complete collapse ; and an economy that had slipped into idle and then switched off . " The raging Iraqi insurgency , crime and sectarian fighting "  informed and complicated every decision " in funding such tasks as infrastructure building , security force development , job creation , economic reform and governance . "  The U.S. reconstruction management structure was overwhelmed by the challenges of building in a war zone , " the report said . The program was marked by frequent changes in reconstruction strategy , "  turbulence " caused by personnel turnover and "  poor integration " of work by various U.S. government agencies . This was the result of "  weak unity of command and inconsistent unity of effort . " A lack of "  interagency debate " took its toll when the U.S.-led Coalition Provincial Authority administered Iraq from May 2003 to June 2004 . The report cites the agency 's "  momentous orders " of disbanding Iraq 's military and removing members of Saddam 's ruling Baath party from top government positions , a process called de-Baathification . "  Had these issues been fully discussed by the war Cabinet and within the CPA , the United States might have acted differently . Instead , the U.S. rebuilding program was left to deal with the instant loss of many of the Iraqi technocrats it would later need . "  It also had to build entirely new Iraqi security forces , a task that would ultimately consume more than half of all U.S.-appropriated reconstruction dollars , " the report said . Through "  trial and error , " the reconstruction program matured under successive U.S. ambassadors to Iraq John Negroponte , Zalmay Khalilzad and Ryan Crocker , and the U.S.-led "  surge " and its "  complementary civilian effort " led to a "  new era " -- security strides and "  a more secure reconstruction environment . " And reconstruction became "  more Iraqi-driven and Iraqi-funded " than it had been in 2003 . Although there has been progress , "  the United States still struggled in late 2008 to make Iraq 's reconstruction a success . " The program generally met its goals in developing the Iraqi security forces , but did not do so "  on the infrastructure front , " the report concluded . Electricity and oil output are lower than the goals set five years ago by the CPA . "  Successful project completions in the key water and health sectors fell far short of hopes , " the report said . There were "  egregious examples of fraud , " but the amounts represented a small percentage of the overall reconstruction efforts , and the number of those "  involved was relatively low . " However , the waste "  grossly overburdened " the program . "  The overuse of cost-plus contracts , high contractor overhead expenses , excessive contractor award fees , and unacceptable program and project delays all contributed to a significant waste of taxpayers ' dollars , " the report said . The report gives examples of waste , including the Khan Bani Saad prison project , which it describes as "  perhaps the single greatest project failure in the U.S. reconstruction program . " Bowen , who has been special inspector general for Iraq reconstruction since October 2004 , previously served as the CPA 's inspector general . He has had a longtime association with former President George W. Bush , serving in several capacities under his presidency , the Bush-Cheney transition team and Texas governorship .	New report cites failures in massive Iraq reconstruction initiative Shortcomings largely caused by waste and poor pre-war planning , report says Report says violence in country posed huge barrier to reconstruction projects U.S.-led "  surge " helped usher in more successful era , report says
Miami , Florida  CNN  -- The so-called "  barefoot bandit " suspect will be sent to Washington state to face charges there , a federal judge in Miami , Florida , ruled Friday after Colton Harris-Moore waived his right to an extradition hearing . He will be transferred in the next two weeks aboard a secure federal transportation service called "  con air , " said Barry Golden of the U.S. Marshals Service . Harris-Moore , 19 , is believed to be the person who earned the "  barefoot bandit " nickname because he was unshod when he broke into houses in Washington . He was captured in the Bahamas after he apparently flew a stolen private plane there . He appeared in Miami Federal Court Friday morning dressed in government-issued socks , sandals and shackles . Before the hearing , the young defendant appeared relaxed and even shared a few laughs with another detainee . Harris-Moore did not speak during the session , which was a continuation of his first appearance earlier this week . A public defender represented Harris in lieu of his attorney in the state of Washington , who will be present when a court there reads the charges against Harris and then conducts a detention hearing . The Washington attorney , John Henry Browne , on Friday filed the request to waive the extradition hearing so his client could be immediately transferred to Washington . Magistrate Judge Robert L. Dube granted the request once he confirmed through the public defender that Harris-Moore has legal representation . U.S. Marshal Albert Diego said the defendant will continue to be held at the Federal Correctional Center in downtown Miami until a secure flight to Seattle , Washington , is available for him . Harris-Moore was taken into custody on Harbour Island in the Bahamas early Sunday . He was sought in a string of home and airport break-ins in various U.S. locations , along with thefts of vehicles . In the Bahamas , Harris-Moore pleaded guilty to a charge of illegally landing a plane , paid a $ 300 fine and was ordered deported , his lawyer said . Police said the plane was a Cessna that was stolen in Indiana and flown to the Bahamas , where it was found in the shallows off Abaco Island . Harris-Moore was flown to Miami on Tuesday , the FBI said . Typically in extradition cases , the accused makes a first appearance in the federal court closest to where he was arrested , said Emily Langlie , spokeswoman for the U.S. Attorney 's Office for the Western District of Washington . The Southern District of Florida , in Miami , is the closest jurisdiction to the Bahamas , she said . He is named in a federal complaint that was sealed until last week after being filed last December . The charge in the complaint -- interstate transportation of stolen goods -- stems from the theft of a plane in Bonners Ferry , Idaho , that crashed outside Granite Falls , Washington , Langlie said . A conviction on the charge carries a penalty of up to 10 years in prison . Under the federal system , the case will go to a grand jury . If an indictment is returned , more charges could be filed . Federal prosecutors are working with other states to determine the best way to go forward in this case , but the courts Washington will get him first since he was arrested on their warrant , Langlie said . "  He seems to be very remorseful , " Monique Gomez , a Bahamian lawyer who represented Harris-Moore in Nassau , told CNN in a telephone interview . Asked whether he acknowledged guilt in the other cases , Gomez said , "  Let me put it this way -- he wishes he had done things a little differently in his life . " Still , she added , he appeared "  in good spirits . " Authorities in Madison County , Nebraska , issued an arrest warrant for Harris-Moore last month on charges of burglary and theft by unlawful taking or deception . The affidavit supporting the warrant alleges the youth waged a crime rampage . The teen had been on the run since he escaped from a juvenile halfway house in Renton , Washington , in 2008 . The FBI had offered a $ 10,000 reward for information leading to his arrest . Harris-Moore has amassed more than 80,000 Facebook fans . In December , Time magazine dubbed him "  America 's most wanted teenage bandit . " And 20th Century Fox has purchased the rights for a film based on his exploits . CNN 's Ashley Hayes , John Couwels , Patrick Oppmann , Susan Candiotti and Tom Watkins , and InSession Correspondent Jean Casarez contributed to this report .	NEW : "  Barefoot bandit " likely to be transferred to Washington state within 2 weeks NEW : Harris-Moore appeared relaxed at his hearing ; was seen laughing with another detainee A detention hearing will be held in Washington In the Bahamas , where he was taken in to custody , he pleaded guilty to illegally landing a plane
CNN  -- It has been nearly 20 years since Poland 's Solidarity movement defeated the Communist Party in an historic election that prompted the fall of communism across central and eastern Europe . Solidarity leader Lech Walesa takes the oath in front of Poland 's National Assembly on December 22 , 1990 . CNN International marks this significant anniversary with "  The New Poland , " a week of programming examining the transformation of Poland from 1989 to where it sits today on the world stage . The combination of daily live programming and special reports from CNN correspondents in cities across Poland culminates June 4 with "  Autumn of Change , an in-depth documentary that takes a retrospective look at the events leading up to the election exactly 20 years ago . Reflecting the tumultuous year of 1989 , which changed Europe forever , "  Autumn of Change " will mix live programming and documentary programming , unforgettable historical images with interviews past and present , and a huge online audience initiative through Poland , Hungary , Germany , the former Czechoslovakia , Bulgaria and Romania , in a comprehensive narrative of events that have helped to shape the Europe of today . "  CNN 's combination of historic footage , comprehensive reporting and access to Poland 's key figures puts us in an unparalleled position to set the scene for how Poland was the catalyst for the Europe of today , " said Mike McCarthy , vice president of coverage and feature programming for CNN International . "  In step with the anniversaries of the events themselves , CNN will invite viewers to take part in our ambitious account of how Europe has changed over the last 20 years and what the future may hold . " About the programming : Just eight months after reporting from Poland for the week-long "  Eye on Poland " special , Fionnuala Sweeney returns to the country to anchor the network 's live coverage for "  The New Poland . " She will report on the various commemoration and celebration ceremonies throughout the week from cities across Poland including Warsaw , Krakow and Gdansk . In addition to Sweeney 's live reports , CNN correspondent Frederik Pleitgen will take viewers inside the Poland of today looking at the political , cultural , social and economic changes that have taken place in the past 20 years . The programs include : -- Gdansk Today : CNN explores the city of Gdansk , the birthplace of the Solidarity movement . We visit the main shipyard and spend the day with a foreman who has been working there for more than 30 years . He talks about the transformation since Solidarity was born and the challenges the shipyards face three decades on . Finally , CNN heads out to sea with a polish yacht maker and finds out how they are dealing with the economic crisis . -- Catholicism in Poland : CNN looks at the Catholic Church in Poland and the challenges it faces . We visit Religia TV , a new project that aims to attract Catholics as well as viewers from other religions . -- Business in Poland : Solidarity transformed Poland from a communist state into a capitalist economy eventually capable of becoming a democratic member of the EU . During the last 20 years , its economy developed at a thriving pace , but even today there are remnants of the old system . CNN speaks to a family-run business on the local economy . We also visit Poland 's biggest copper mining and refining company . We find out how the global market place is impacting the global economy and Polish business . -- Polish Cuisine : CNN speaks to Krakow 's top celebrity chef and historian Robert Maklowicz about Polish cuisine and the recent trend to return to its roots . -- Poland 's Film School : CNN visits Poland 's largest film production Centrex , the National Film , Television and Theatre School in Lodz , and finds out what makes this school so unique . About the documentary : By combining narratives from key players within the Solidarity movement , the Communist leadership , CNN reporters who covered the events and Polish civilians who lived through it all , Autumn of Change charts the individuals , relationships and astonishing chain of events that shook eastern Europe to its foundations . About the online coverage : CNN 's television coverage will be complemented by a full interactive companion site . This special site will feature a number of pieces that reflect the cultural influence of this movement as well as narratives from some of the major figures involved in the process . Via iReport.com , CNN will also encourage viewers and users from Poland and elsewhere to submit content -- photos , videos and comments -- to illustrate personal experiences . Whether a part of this revolutionary period or not , CNN wants to know how these pivotal events affected them .	20 years since Poland 's Solidarity movement defeated the Communist Party The New Poland is a week of programming examining the transformation of Poland Culminates in Autumn of Change , a look at the events that led to the election Fionnuala Sweeney will anchor CNN 's live coverage from Poland
Mashable  -- The Motion Picture Association of America  MPAA  , with the cooperation of Dutch anti-piracy group BREIN , has quietly shuttered 12 torrent websites in the U.S. and at least 39 sites abroad by filing copyright violation complaints with the sites ' hosting providers . The names of the sites themselves remain unknown ; so far , however , the major players seem to be unaffected . The specific URLs are not being released because frequently the affected sites will spring up elsewhere online under a different TLD  e.g. , TorrentMovies.com becomes TorrentMovies.info  . Releasing the names of the sites would make it much easier for users to find their new URLs in the future . This news , while interesting and concerning , is a far cry from the 70-plus sites shut down by the Department of Homeland Security last November , the culmination of a brewing crackdown effort . Some torrent and file-sharing sites , including RapidShare , have even taken to hiring lobbyists of their own . A company spokesperson told Mashable recently , "  Given the fact that the U.S. government is currently undertaking great efforts to fight copyright infringements on the internet , our having a voice in Washington could be beneficial for us as well as for the U.S. government . " According to TorrentFreak , BREIN "  has  temporarily  disabled more than 1,000 torrent sites in The Netherlands , and they are now helping the MPAA towards doing the same in the U.S. " In a BREIN release , the organization stated that it helped the MPAA take down around 29 sites last year ; and earlier this month , it shut down 39 sites in the Netherlands for the MPAA , as well . BREIN also conducts these anti-piracy "  stings " in 11 other countries , including Germany , France , Britain and Canada . Its director , Tim Kuik , said in the statement  via Google Translate  , "  There will be new sites , but we take them down fast so they can not grow . "  2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	MPAA shuts down 12 torrent websites in the U.S. and at least 39 sites abroad Names of the sites remain unknown but major players seem to be unaffected Torrent and file-sharing sites have even taken to hiring lobbyists
CNN  -- Attorneys for Google and Yahoo appeared in a Buenos Aires court to respond to accusations that searches on their websites link the name and photos of a popular Argentina model to sexually-oriented websites . Mara Beln Rodrguez is suing the search engines , alleging they linked her name with terms like "  sex " and "  pornography . " Rodrguez told CNN her pictures would be wrongly used mainly in two ways : An unauthorized picture could be used to lure Internet users to an X-rated site , taking advantage of her popularity in Argentina , or within adult websites that contain pornographic images of other people . Rodrguez , 30 , originally sued Google and Yahoo in 2006 . After an eight-year legal battle , the case has worked its way up to Argentina 's Supreme Court . In 2010 , the model was awarded a combined judgment against both search engines of 120,000 Argentine pesos , almost $ 15,000 . The search engines appealed and a higher court later lowered the amount to about $ 6,200 . Earlier this week , Rodrguez told CNN the use of her image by sexually-oriented websites has deeply damaged her reputation . "  They have ruined my life and now say that what I 'm asking for is censorship . It suits them , but not me . Truthfully for me , having to explain every day that I 'm not a prostitute is a daily complication , as simple as that , " Rodrguez said . At the court hearing Thursday , attorneys for Google and Yahoo suggested search engines are neutral platforms that do n't create or regulate content on the Internet , and therefore , are not responsible for how the model 's image is used by third parties . Alberto Bueres , an attorney representing Yahoo , said what the plaintiff is asking goes beyond the search engines ' capabilities . "  It is technically and economically impossible to before-the-fact monitor millions of pages of content available on the Internet because of their volume and because they constantly change . To argue against this is to favor before-the-fact censorship and to ignore the economic realities , " Bueres said . Mara Baudino , Google 's legal affairs manager for Latin America , suggested the entire lawsuit could have been averted had the plaintiff contacted the search engines directly to complain about specific websites that used her image illegally . That information , Baudino said , would 've allowed Google to act by either blocking the pages or unlinking results related to modeling pictures belonging to Rodrguez . "  In this particular case , there was a consistent and prolonged refusal to identify the content in question , " Baudino said . "  It 's necessary to identify the content by providing URLs in every single case for the simple reason that if they 're not identified , neither Google nor anybody else is able to determine what we 're talking about . " But Ral Castex , an attorney representing Rodrguez , said search engines have more power to block content than they were willing to admit in court . "  Search engines can find , with their own , diligently designed techniques , websites linked to child pornography they normally block , " Castex said . He questioned why the search engines can conform with censorship rules in China but can not protect his client 's reputation . Google attorneys said they index web pages based on more than 200 criteria . Google 's transparency report posted online says so far this year the search engine has received more than 100 million requests to block pages that violate copyright laws or are deemed illegal or harmful in other ways . Rodrguez , who 's also an actress and a TV host , is a married mother of two children ages 1 and 3 . She 's a native of Crdoba , Argentina . Rodrguez is often mistaken by the media for another model from Argentina by the same name who works in Italy . Rodrguez says the case goes beyond her reputation and honor . She describes her legal battle as a modern David and Goliath fight . "  Let me be clear , first of all , that I want to clear my image , " Rodrguez said . "  Second , I want a precedent to be set so that this does n't happen again . I 'm in favor of freedom of expression , but not the kind of freedom of expression that is built on lies . I 'm an ant fighting against a giant monster . " A ruling by the high court is expected in several weeks .	Search engines appealing verdict awarded to Argentina model She says her name , photos used to bring people to sex sites Companies claim they can not control third parties They say model should have brought specific examples
CNN  -- A Venezuelan prosecutor on Friday formally charged opposition leader Leopoldo Lopez with public incitement , property damage , arson and conspiracy . General Prosecutor Luisa Ortega Diaz announced the charges at a press conference in Caracas , a day before the legal deadline to keep Lopez in custody expires . Lopez , 42 , a former mayor and presidential candidate , has been held in a military jail for well more than a month . The government of President Nicolas Maduro originally accused him of terrorism and murder , but those charges were later dropped . He is accused of inciting anti-government protests throughout Venezuela that began February 12 . Venezuela 's state run news agency said that 39 people have died and more than 600 injured in clashes . The government blames the protests on "  a wave of violence fostered by right-wing leaders in the country . " If found guilty , Lopez could face nearly 14 years in prison . Lopez , a fiery speaker and charismatic leader , has long been a threat to the socialists in power in Venezuela . Back in 2008 , the government of then-President Hugo Chavez banned him from running for public office , accusing him of corruption and misuse of public funds . Lopez countered that it was all political retribution and that he had nothing to hide . He took his case all the way to the Inter-American Court of Human Rights , where he was cleared three years later . Earlier this year , Lopez organized protests demanding better security , an end to shortages and protected freedom of speech . CNN 's Rafael Romo and Anna-Maja Rappard contributed to this story	Opposition leader Leopoldo Lopez is charged with public incitement and conspiracy Lopez has been held in military jail for over a month 39 people have died and over 600 have been injured in anti-government protests If found guilty , Lopez could face nearly 14 years in prison .
CNN  -- "  My last boss was a woman . All she did was micromanage everyone . " "  Every woman boss I 've ever had was extremely passive-aggressive in their leadership . " "  It  was  much easier being managed by a male because he did n't put up with the pettiness or the gossip . " Sorry , ladies of the working world . Those are comments we received in response to my recent piece about how companies with more women in C-suites and corporate boards do better financially . But so many commenters said they absolutely preferred working for a man , we knew we had to explore the "  why " behind that sentiment . Then this week , the Gallup organization added some numbers -- and fuel -- to the debate . ` I 'm not surprised ' In telephone interviews with a random sample of 2,059 adults , Gallup found that Americans still prefer a male boss over a female , with 35 % choosing to work for a man and 23 % saying they prefer women supervisors . It 's the highest-ever number recorded for women bosses since Gallup has been asking . When you compare these results to the 1953 responses -- that 's when Gallup first asked this question -- the gap has narrowed significantly . In 1953 , 66 % chose a male boss and 5 % picked a female one , a huge gap that has been reduced to a 12-point difference today . "  I think it 's great to see that trend , so I 'm very encouraged by it , but I 'm not surprised that it 's still a 2-to-1 ratio of people preferring to work for men than women , " said sociologist and workplace consultant BJ Gallagher , who has written several books , including a best-seller on diversity called "  A Peacock in the Land of Penguins . " Topping the list of reasons , according to Gallagher , is the fact that men still have more power in the workplace than women . "  If you had your druthers , you 'd rather work for somebody who has some influence , some power , some clout , some status and that 's true for men and women , " Gallagher said . "  It trickles down so that if you work for a powerful boss , you 're a little bit more powerful . Your whole department is seen in a more positive light if the boss is a powerful  and  influential person , " she said . ` How to Tell a Male Boss From a Female Boss ' In conversations with Gallagher and other experts , it 's clear another factor is at work -- the real stereotypes that exist about working for a woman . "  It 's an old stereotype that women may not be good bosses so when that happens , it sticks , " said Susan Nierenberg , vice president of global marketing and corporate communications for Catalyst , a nonprofit focused on expanding opportunities for women in business . "  Because the stereotype is in the water , and there are fewer women leaders than men , you may remember the woman who treated you badly and say , ` Oh yeah , I remember her . ' And it reinforces the stereotype . "  Perception is not reality , and stereotypes are perceptions . " Gallagher has created a list titled "  How to Tell a Male Boss From a Female Boss " with examples of perceived gender differences -- "  A male boss is assertive ; a female bossy is bossy " and "  A male boss is attentive to details ; a female boss is picky . " Opinion : Are female leaders too cheerful for their own good ? "  There is a double standard , " said Gallagher , who also wrote "  Everything I Need to Know I Learned From Other Women . " "  The same exact behavior in a male boss is seen as a plus , and the same behavior in a female boss gets seen as a negative . " For instance , Gallagher said if a male boss "  gets agitated and slams his fist down on the table and goes , ' I want this done by 3 o'clock this afternoon , ' everyone goes , ` Ooh , take charge kind of guy . ' " If a woman does the same thing , Gallagher said , people are likely to say , "  Oh , what a bitch . " "  So the same tone of voice , the same words , the same body language , the same everything gets filtered through our stereotypes and assumptions about how various groups should behave , " she said . The ` token woman ' issue Fueling the stereotypes , Gallagher and leaders from Catalyst said , are environments with few women in leadership positions . "  When there 's going to be a token woman , one woman is going to make it to the top , what does this do ? " said Ilene Lang , president and CEO of Catalyst , during an interview last month . "  Does that encourage anybody to support women ? Does it encourage women to support other women ? It 's a culture that will encourage women to fight with other women or to discourage other women . " But when the culture of the organization focuses on mentorship and sponsorship , and there are more women in leadership positions , that "  Queen Bee myth " of women not helping women gets busted , Lang said . In fact , a report by Catalyst found that 73 % of women who received career development support are helping to support and develop other women , versus 30 % of men . "  Our research shows that women not only sponsor and support other women , but that they do other men as well , and they really do pay it forward to a huge amount , " Lang said . That 's been the experience of Karen Shaer , one of the women I profiled last month . Shaer is senior executive vice president and general counsel of the legal services firm Garden City Group , where eight of the company 's 15 executives are women . "  It could be that some women tend to be more critical , but I have n't seen that , " Shaer said . "  I 've seen more of the efforts for women to be supportive of other women . " The mom of two said , "  It 's infectious . When women help other women , then the women they help  have  a role model in that regard . And then ... if  they  develop and grow into a position of power or authority , I expect they will be more likely to turn around and treat someone that way . " ` I 've had good experiences with both ' Shaer , a former federal prosecutor , said she does n't have a preference -- she 's had good experiences with female and male bosses . "  I 'm looking more for qualities that can be shared by men and women , " she said . "  I 'm looking for someone who 's a good communicator , who 's going to be someone who is a good teacher , as well as be supportive , someone who is open to giving opportunities for growth and development and that can be provided by a man or a woman . " Complaints we saw from readers that women micromanage , hold grudges and are unable to make decisions did n't reflect Shaer 's experience , she said . "  Maybe I 've just been blessed with very good bosses , supervisors , " she said . "  It has not been my experience that women do those things . I think my experience maybe has been contrary to that . " When I asked an unscientific sampling in my Facebook community about the new survey 's findings , I received a handful of responses , the majority with positive comments about working for women . "  With one notable exception , all my great bosses have been women , " said Kim Kennedy , a television news producer in New York . "  The best ones are collaborative and intuitive , give you some room to accomplish things beyond your assignment or job description , and many have been good mentors as well . " On the other side is Joy Lipkin , a college educator in New York who also works with young special-education students . "  Men are more straightforward , less emotionally attached  I mean this in a good way  , " Lipkin said on Facebook . "  Women hold grudges and seek vengeance on their subordinates . That 's been my experience . " A father of two who did n't want to use his name said he reports to two women now who are "  so much nicer " to work with than the male supervisors in his last job . But he added , "  I think , overall , it just depends on the individual people . " I agree . The most horrible boss I 've had in my career was a woman . The most amazing , mentoring and supportive boss I 've had was also a woman . I 've also had good and bad male bosses . So , like Shaer from the Garden City Group , I do n't have a preference . My current boss is a woman , so , of course , these days , I lean in that direction . Do you prefer a male or female boss ? Share your thoughts in the comments , or follow Kelly Wallace on Twitter , and like CNN Living on Facebook .	After a CNN column on women and work , many commenters said they prefer working for men New Gallup survey finds more Americans still choose a male boss , but the gap is narrowing In survey , 23 % said they prefer working for a woman , the highest number in study 's history A double standard contributes to the gender gap , say experts on women in the workplace
LAS VEGAS , Nevada  CNN  -- The theater was packed as Garth Brooks shared stories about why he decided to officially step out of retirement after nine years . Garth Brooks played two secret concerts in Vegas earlier this summer . Now he 's signed on for an engagement . Camera crews and journalists filled the front section . Executives flanked the sides . And then smack dab in the middle of the audience was a row of chefs , enthusiastically applauding in their toques and kitchen whites . Yes , the media was buzzing about the much-anticipated announcement , but hotel employees at the Wynn Encore in Las Vegas were equally excited -- maybe even more so , because of the part they played in persuading the country music superstar to enter into a five-year weekend residency at the establishment beginning December 11 . This summer , as the media threw itself head-first into the death of Michael Jackson , the Oklahoma native quietly took the stage at the 1,500-seat Encore Theater in two hush-hush shows attended by hotel workers . One was an intimate acoustic performance ; the other a concert with his full band . He sang . He charmed . He won over staffers who never thought they 'd be caught dead tapping their toes to country music . And that , ladies and gentleman , exemplifies the uncanny ability of Garth Brooks to connect with human beings , and explains why he -- not Michael Jackson -- is the best-selling solo artist of all time in any genre .  You can look it up . "  I think my gift truly is I 'm an average guy . What I like , an average guy likes . It 's that simple . The music that I love , I find that most guys around me love , too , " he told CNN in his dressing room after Thursday 's news conference in Las Vegas . There 's a big old-fashioned star on the door that says "  Garth Brooks . " It suits him . Even though he 's pushed boundaries and rewritten rules in the music industry , he 's still an old-fashioned guy with old-fashioned values -- work hard , stay humble and family first . It 's the latter that led to his decision to hang up his mic and his Stetson in 2000 . "  We were retiring because I got ta get back to Oklahoma and raise my girls . Sandy and I were getting a divorce at the time , so I could n't expect her to do my job for me any longer , " he said . "  We told the people that 's what I 'm going to do , and the people -- 99 percent of them -- said , ` Go . Go do what you got ta do . We 'll be here when you get back , ' and we 'll see if they are . " Watch Brooks talk about new course " Brooks ' three daughters -- Taylor , August and Allie -- are now 17 , 15 and 13 . When he retired , he famously stated that he wanted to be able to drive his kids to school every day . His new Friday-through-Sunday gig will allow him to keep his pledge of seeing them off to class until they head to college . Of course , the commute from his farm in Owasso , Oklahoma , to Vegas will be made a little faster with his new private jet -- an 11-seat Challenger , courtesy of Steve Wynn , the billionaire CEO of Wynn Hotels . "  I do n't know anything about jets , " Brooks downplayed with a shrug . "  It 's got a cool interior , cool paint job , I do n't know . But it gets me here  to Vegas  , and it gets me home to see my girls . And so in that case , it 's fabulous . " "  He 's been happy being at home , attending every soccer game and knowing what his kids like to eat for breakfast , " said singer Trisha Yearwood , whom he married in 2005 . "  We both came from a family where our parents were there every single day , and so we do n't know any other way . " On most weekends , Yearwood will be making the two-hour trip to Sin City -- and every now and again , she 'll make an appearance with her husband on stage . "  It 's a ` Beauty and the Beast ' thing , you know ? " said Brooks . "  I can start a song in one octave and end it up in three keys , not knowing that I 've changed . She 's precision -- perfect with feeling -- and that 's impressive to anybody you bring out . " From time to time , Brooks will bring out special guests , but for the most part , it 's a one-man show -- just him , an acoustic guitar and a bunch of great songs and intimate stories . And , of course , there 's the audience . "  As long as my gift is here , as long as I open my mouth and it works , " he said , "  then I think my job is to keep doing it , you know ? "	Garth Brooks coming out of retirement to play special Las Vegas engagement Brooks describes himself as "  an average guy " To go back and forth from Oklahoma to Vegas , he 's been given a jet Wife Trisha Yearwood : She and Brooks like being at home for kids
CNN  -- "  Who did that to you ? " a bicyclist in Waukesha , Wisconsin , asked the 12-year-old girl he found bloodied and lying near a wooded area . His words were captured on a recording of the 911 call he made , which has now been released . The cyclist explained to the 911 operator that the girl told him she 'd been stabbed multiple times . "  Is she awake ? " the operator asked , "  Is she breathing ? " "  Yes , she 's breathing , " the cyclist said . "  She says she can take shallow breaths . She 's alert . " Was there anyone around , a possible assailant ? the operator asked . "  I do n't see anybody , " the cyclist answered . Police say they have the suspects who attacked the girl , stabbing her 19 times . They were her friends , authorities say , two other 12-year-olds : Morgan Geyser and Anissa Weier . Geyser and Weier had concocted a plan to kill their friend so that they could impress a ghoulish character called Slenderman , according to authorities . Weier explained to police that Slenderman was the leader of a web site called creepypasta and in order to please him , a follower had to kill a person , according to a criminal complaint in the case . In reality , Slenderman is a fictional character and Internet meme that appears in horror stories , videos and images . "  Both suspects had a fascination with a fictitious character that often posted " to websites dealing with stories about death and horror , Waukesha 's police chief Russell Jack has said . Geyser and Weier were arrested hours after the victim was discovered , according to the complaint . They have been charged with attempted first-degree intentional homicide , according to court documents filed Monday . The two are being charged as adults and appeared in court Monday where bail was set at $ 500,000 for each , Waukesha County District Attorney Brad Schimel said . Waukesha police Capt. Ron Oremus told CNN Wednesday that investigators are searching through digital evidence including iPads and cell phones . Anthony Cotton , Geyser 's attorney , told CNN Tuesday that he 's spoken briefly with his client . She is housed at a juvenile facility for females , he said . Her family is in "  shock , " the lawyer said , adding that he expected Geyser to undergo a mental evaluation . Attempts to contact an attorney for Weier have not been successful . The condition of the victim has been updated to fair at Waukesha Memorial Hospital , the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel reported Wednesday . Brother says sister loved Slenderman Weier 's older brother , William , told the Daily Mail Wednesday that he knew about his sister 's interest in the character Slenderman . She liked to watch online videos about the spooky character with long tentacle-like arms and a blank face , said William Weier , a makeup artist who works for a local variety show . "  If you looked at my younger sister you 'd see a normal , happy 12-year-old , " he told the Mail . "  She 's just got a couple of weird interests . Personally , I think she found Slenderman on YouTube , took an interest and then read up on it . " Anissa Weier also liked the web site creepypasta.com , her brother explained to the Mail . Creepypasta is a play on the term "  copypasta , " which is derived from the keyboard action "  copy-paste . " Creepypasta is horror fiction written with the Web in mind and , often , comes in a style that makes it look like a news or true crime story . On Tuesday morning , a lengthy statement about the Wisconsin case appeared on www.creepypasta.com . The statement expressed condolences for everyone involved and stressed that the site does not condone or encourage violence in any way . But it also noted that "  it 's hard to justify pinning blame on an entire genre of writing . " "  She loved Creepypasta , she loved the Slenderman stories , just anything a bit creepy , " William Weier reportedly said . "  But I do n't see why it changed from dream to reality . " Planning an attack Weier and Geyser attended the same middle school as the victim and had a sleepover at the home of one of the suspects Friday night , according to the police chief . According to the criminal complaint , the suspects had been planning the attack since February . They first thought to kill the victim by placing duct tape over her mouth while she was sleeping and stabbing her in the neck , the complaint says . They also considered killing her in a park bathroom where there was a floor drain that could make cleanup easier , the complaint says . The girls ultimately decided to carry out the attack in the park while playing a game of hide-and-seek . "  As they left for the park ...  the victim  was walking in front of them and Geyser lifted up the left side of her white jacket and displayed the knife tucked in her waistband , " the complaint says . "  Weier stated she gave Geyser a look with wide eyes and , when asked what that meant , Weier stated , ' I thought , dear god , this was really happening . ' " When can kids understand reality vs. fantasy ? ` One millimeter away ' from death The victim was stabbed near her heart , and she was "  one millimeter away from certain death , " the complaint says . When the bicyclist found her , the girl pleaded , "  Please help me . I 've been stabbed . " She was in extreme pain and could only answer yes or no questions , the complaint says . Authorities searched for the two other girls , and a sheriff 's officer found them walking near Interstate 94 , Jack said . He declined to say whether the suspects had blood on their clothes , but added : "  There was evidence that was readily apparent when the two were taken into custody . " That evidence included a large kitchen knife inside a purse , according to the complaint , which Geyser identified as one of her mother 's old purses . Police : Girl , 14 , stabs sister 40 times because she felt unappreciated School stabbing suspect : ' I have more people to kill ' Children on their way to get ice cream stabbed in elevator CNN 's Jason Hanna , Rosa Flores , Doug Gross , Dana Ford , Shawn Nottingham , Ben Brumfield and Janet DiGiacomo contributed to this report .	Bicyclist tells 911 operator that 12-year-old he found said she 'd been stabbed Brother of one suspect said sister was fascinated with Slenderman , Daily Mail reports Morgan Geyser and Anissa Weier , both 12 , are charged with first-degree intentional homicide
CNN  -- Administrators for the Marussia Formula One team are putting its assets up for sale at auction . A lack of funding saw the team miss the final three races of the 2014 season . After falling into administration , Marussia ceased trading on November 7 with around 200 staff losing their jobs . The team is still named on the official entry list for the 2015 season , which begins in Australia on March 15 , but a new buyer has yet to be found . The online auction , organized by administrators FRP Advisory , is another death knell for the team 's ambitions to re-join the grid . A source close to the process said that efforts to find a new buyer are continuing but that there was nothing to prevent next week 's auction going ahead . It is understood that an investor was close to finalizing a deal to buy Marussia on the eve of the season-ending Abu Dhabi Grand Prix . But the source added it would now take a "  last-minute miracle " to find another new buyer and call off the auction . The Caterham F1 team , which entered the sport at the same time as Marussia in 2010 season , is also in administration and searching for a new injection of funds . Caterham used crowd funding to raise enough cash to race in Abu Dhabi but that is not a realistic funding option for a full season , which costs at least $ 70m . Meanwhile , the administrators for Marussia are focused on generating funds through next week 's auction to pay the team 's creditors . The live online sale of Marussia 's assets takes place on December 16 and 17 through the auctionhq.com website . The plight of the Marussia team gives motorsport collectors and F1 fans a unique chance to get their hands on some amazing pieces of F1 kit . The star lot is the 2013 race car -- although with a dummy engine , gearbox and steering wheels its new owner wo n't be able to drive home in it . A functioning steering wheel from the 2010 car , a collection of exhaust parts , alloy wheels and a gearbox assembly , including suspension arms and brake calipers , are also some of the mechanical goodies up for grabs . There is also a chance to buy driver Max Chilton 's race suit and a collection of team shirts and baseball caps . The "  Everything Must Go " sale also includes more mundane items such as the reception desk from the factory 's headquarters in England , cordless drills and storage shelves . A signed photograph of injured racer Jules Bianchi competing at the Monaco Grand Prix lends a note of poignancy to the auction . The Frenchman collected the first ever points for Marussia this season by finishing ninth at the race around the streets of Monte Carlo but the 25-year-old is now battling severe head injuries . Bianchi crashed in difficult conditions during October 's Japanese Grand Prix and is now being treated at a French hospital . While the online auction of Marussia assets presents a chance to buy some very special Christmas presents for the F1 fan in your life , the team will be hoping for some festive good cheer -- and a last-minute buyer .	The defunct Marussia Formula One team is selling its assets in an online auction Buyers have a unique chance to buy a 2013 F1 car Max Chilton 's racesuit , a steering wheel and a variety of car parts are also for sale Administrators for Marussia are still hoping to find a buyer so the team can race in 2015
CNN  -- It reads like the opening scene of an "  Indiana Jones " movie . A young man climbing a French glacier finds a cache of glittering jewels wrapped in bags stamped "  Made in India " -- remnants , perhaps , of cargo from an ill-fated airliner called the Malabar Princess . The best thing about it ? This story is true . It happened early this month on a glacier overlooking the southeastern French village of Chamonix , Albertville police Chief Sylvain Merly said Thursday . The climber -- who Merly said asked to remain anonymous -- found the jewels inside a metal box atop the glacier . He turned them over to police in Bourg-Saint-Maurice on September 9 . Merly declined to characterize the stones , which are being described in French media as rubies , sapphires and emeralds . They 're worth somewhere between    130,000  about $ 175,000  and    246,000  $ 331,600  , Merly said . French authorities are trying to trace ownership of the jewels . If proof of ownership ca n't be established , the unnamed 20-something mountaineer could stand to receive a portion of their value , Merly said . TrowelBlazers : In search of the female Indiana Jones The gems may be from the 1950 crash of Air India Flight 245 , the "  Malabar Princess . " The plane smashed into nearby Mont Blanc during a storm , killing all 48 aboard . When it crashed , the plane was preparing to make a stop in Geneva , Switzerland , as it flew between Bombay -- now Mumbai -- and London . French authorities say it 's also possible the gems could have been aboard an Air India Boeing 707 , the "  Kanchenjunga , " that crashed in nearly the same spot 16 years later . A diplomatic bag from that flight was recovered last year . Adding a bit of intrigue to the story , the 1966 crash is the subject of scattered conspiracy theories suggesting the Air India flight , which carried the father of India 's nuclear industry , Homi Bhabha , was shot down by a fighter jet or missile . Debris from the wrecks routinely emerges from the bottom of the glacier , including metal , wire and even a piece of landing gear discovered in 1986 , according to a Mont Blanc tourist site . Inside Cambodia 's stunning new temple discoveries CNN 's Michael Pearson reported and wrote from Atlanta ; Saskya Vandoorne reported from London .	A mountaineer discovers jewels on French glacier They could be from one of two airliners that crashed near the spot , one in 1950 , the other 1966 French authorities are trying to trace the owners
Hong Kong  CNN  -- The world 's oldest person has died in Japan , aged 116 -- just days after the passing of a Chinese woman with a rival claim to the title . Jiroemon Kimura , a former postman , died of natural causes in hospital in his hometown of Kyotango , western Japan , in the early hours of Wednesday , city officials told CNN . In December , Kimura had been recognized by Guinness World Records as the world 's oldest living person , and as the oldest man whose age had ever been verified . "  I wanted him to live longer , " his nephew , Tamotsu Miyake , told Japanese television network TV Asahi . "  His life was respectable ; I would like to say ` thank you ' to him . " Kimura , who attributed his longevity to eating light , healthy meals , worked for the post office until his retirement in 1962 , continuing to carry out agricultural work until the age of 90 . Only the third man in history verified to have reached the age of 115 , Kimura had seven children , 14 grandchildren , 25 great-grand children and 14 great-great grandchildren . On his passing , the mantle of oldest living person passes to fellow Japanese Misao Okawa , a 115-year old woman from Osaka . A rival claim Shortly after Kimura made the record books in December , China 's state news agency Xinhua reported on a woman from the southern province of Guangxi with a rival claim to being the world 's oldest person . Luo Meizhen , from the remote village of Longhong , had an official ID card and residency permit -- both issued in recent decades -- stating she was born in 1885 , making her 127 . In 2010 , a Chinese state-sponsored research institute claimed to have verified the documents . But her claim to record longevity was not officially recognized internationally , due to questions over of the reliability of birth records when she was born , and because of claims she had given birth to the youngest of her five children aged 61 . On Tuesday , Luo 's son Huang Youhe told AFP that his mother had died at the weekend after months of illness , aged 127 . "  She was a kind person , but at times had a very bad temper , " said her grandson , Huang Heyuan . "  She had a strong character . " Luo , who had worked as a farmer , hailed from an area known as Bama county , which has a reputation for the longevity of its residents . Rise of ` supercentenarians ' If accurate , Luo 's 127 year lifespan would have made her the oldest person ever , surpassing France 's Jeanne Calment , who died aged 122 years , 164 days in 1997 . According to a 2010 study by a German demographic research institute , the countries with the highest number of "  supercentenarians " -- those aged 110 and over -- are the United States , Japan , the United Kingdom , France and Italy . The study , prompted by rising numbers of centenarians , found more than 600 supercentenarians internationally . Researchers estimated there were more than 400 supercentenarians in the U.S. , and found 78 in Japan . As with the centenarian bracket , women far outnumbered men , with women accounting for 9 in 10 of the U.S. supercentenarians . CNN 's Junko Ogura contributed to this report .	Jiroemon Kimura , the world 's oldest man , has died in Japan , aged 116 The former postman retired in 1962 and attributed his long life to light eating A rival claimant to being the world 's oldest person died days earlier in China Luo Meizhen 's claims to be 127 were not officially recognized internationally
Starting the day off at the beach with your skin smelling of tropical-scented sunscreen can be one of life 's greatest pleasures . Smelling coconut oil as you swish it around in your mouth before work -- well , that 's another story . Oil pulling , or placing oil in the mouth to kill harmful bacteria , seems to have caught on recently . It 's a controversial practice that takes dedication and time , though fortunately not the 10 or 20 minutes of marathon swishing some sources suggest . Two sessions of four minutes , as recommended by Dr. Amala Guha , assistant professor of immunology and medicine at the University of Connecticut Health Center and the founding president of The International Society for Ayurveda and Health , were sufficient for my first attempt at oil pulling . The taste itself is n't so bad on the surface , but putting chunky coconut oil in your mouth before being fully awake can trigger a gag reflex . Luckily , the time goes by quickly , and afterward I admit my teeth felt polished throughout the day , as if I 'd just come from the dentist . But what 's the scope  and scoop  on this mouth rinse practice ? Does it work ? "  It 's not given proper credit , " said Guha , who was trained in Ayurveda , a traditional form of medicine that relies on natural healing , in India . She explains that using liquids in the mouth for health purposes is mentioned in two ancient Indian Ayurvedic texts  one written in 800 B.C. and the other in 700 B.C.  , and the practice is part of one of the oldest health systems in the world . Oil pulling for oral hygiene is common . But before you go racing out to the store for oil , the American Dental Association cautions that because of a lack of evidence , they do not recommend oil pulling as a replacement for standard oral health care such as flossing and teeth brushing . The texts also claim that about 30 systemic diseases , including headaches and diabetes , can be cured . Yet there is a lack of knowledge on the science and side effects behind the practice , according to Guha . How it works Guha says there are two oil pulling techniques : kavala and gandusa . With kavala , you fill your mouth with liquid and hold it there for a couple of minutes before swirling it around the mouth and spitting it out . The process should n't exceed more than three or four minutes ; it 's repeated at least two or three times . Gandusa is the technique of holding the liquid still in the mouth for three to five minutes . The liquid is then spit out and the process is repeated . In Ayurveda , many different liquids can be used depending on the condition being treated and the physiology of the person . Milk , honey and hot water containing herbs are just some of the other mediums , explains Guha . For daily oral hygiene , she recommends using coconut or sesame oil , which she says have mild abrasive powers and more healing benefits than other oils  and are less harmful  . Results can be expected in a few months , she says , with benefits such as reduced plaque , cavity prevention and stronger gums for individuals who already have a healthy mouth . For the person with plaque buildup , she recommends a teeth cleaning first for faster results . A small study published in 2009 involving sesame oil and 20 adolescent boys with plaque-induced gingivitis found that oil pulling reduced plaque and the bacterium Streptococcus mutans . This bacterium is cited as being a major cause of tooth decay and overgrowth of bacteria in mouth can also lead to gum disease . A larger study published in 2013 , also using sesame oil , found similar results , summarizing that oil pulling had a significant effect on plaque and gingivitis . For coconut oil users , lauric acid found in the oil can be a benefit . It is known for its antimicrobial properties , such as the ability to fight off viruses , bacteria and yeasts . How it does n't work Mark Wolff , professor and chair at the New York University College of Dentistry , expresses skepticism about oil pulling 's effects on oral health . "  I am not sure there is any harm , but I have never seen it have any positive effect on my patients who have been using oil pulling or in clinical research that has been published . " There is also little research available on the effectiveness of these treatments to cure other diseases . Guha warns that there can be negative side effects if improper technique is used , including dry mouth , excessive thirst , muscular stiffness , exhaustion and loss of sensation or taste in the mouth . Individuals who are interested in trying kavala or gandusa to treat health conditions need to review all credentials of Ayruvedic practitioners before starting any treatment . Guha says that there are very few trained professionals in the United States as none of the Ayurveda schools here are accredited ; only schools in India provide the proper certifications . Bottom line ? If you 're just looking for a natural way to boost your oral health , you can oil away without supervision and get about the same benefits as commercial mouthwash . Just do n't forget to floss .	Oil pulling is based on ancient Indian health systems One study shows that oil pulling can reduce plaque There are two techniques , and different liquids can be used If not done properly , oil pulling can have negative side effects
Stop judging the California woman who walked away from her alleged captor after a decade , an angry and emotional Michelle Knight told CNN 's "  New Day " on Friday . "  Unless you were walking in her shoes , you have no reason to talk , none at all , " said Knight , one of three women freed from years of brutal captivity in a Cleveland home in 2013 . Knight was referring to the case of a California woman who approached police after contacting her sister on Facebook , saying -- according to police -- that she had been abducted by her mother 's boyfriend at 15 , then raped , beaten and forced to marry her alleged captor , Isidro Garcia . In the days since the woman 's story came to light , Garcia 's attorney and some of her neighbors in the Bell Gardens neighborhood where she lived with Garcia and their 3-year-old child have questioned the abduction story , saying she appeared to be happy and well cared for . "  She never showed a sad face or worried face , " said a neighbor who identified herself only as Erika . "  She had plenty of time to actually escape so it 's hard to believe this is really going on because she had a lot of free time . " Authorities have acknowledged that the woman said she reached out to her family before she went to police . A photo posted on Facebook purports to show her with her mother and sister on on Mother 's Day -- one week before she went to authorities . A post in Spanish that accompanies the photo on Facebook reads : "  After almost 10 years after not seeing my mom and little sister . " CNN can not confirm the date of the photo , and police and the prosecutor 's office declined Friday to comment further on the details of the case . Garcia 's attorney , Charles Frisco , said Friday he has n't had much time to talk to his client but said stories such as the neighbor 's make him doubt the state 's case . "  If you listen to what they have to say , it sounds like he 's not guilty and it 's all fabricated , " Frisco told CNN . Knight has just one answer to those doubting the woman 's story : You could n't possibly understand . "  Just because you 're not chained up and you 're not locked in the basement does n't mean you ai n't trapped , " she told CNN 's Kate Bolduan . "  I know exactly what it feels like to be trapped in your own mind , your emotional mind , and told you ca n't do anything about it , nobody will care about what you say . " Knight was held in Ariel Castro 's Cleveland home from August 2002 until May 2013 , when her fellow captive Amanda Berry summoned help from a neighbor to break out of the locked house . Sometimes chained , frequently brutalized , Knight said the worst part of her decade of captivity was the isolation and the psychological manipulation her captor held over her . "  I was threatened to be killed . I was threatened that nobody cared about me , " she said . "  For a girl like her , the emotional torture is so painful that she chose not to hurt other people , " Knight said . "  Because he may have threatened to hurt her , he may have threatened to hurt the people that she was talking to . " Elizabeth Smart , who also was abducted , had a similar message in an interview Thursday with Chris Cuomo on "  New Day . " "  Well , as a survivor who has been chained up in physical chains and also had the chains of threats held over me , I can tell you firsthand that threat is so much stronger than physical chains , " said Smart , who was abducted from her Salt Lake City home in 2002 . "  Now , I do n't have intimate details on what threats he was holding over her head , but I understand that he was holding her family , that he was threatening her family and , for me , that was the strongest threat anyone could have ever made to me , " she said . Knight said she worries that questions such as those raised about the California woman 's case will keep other people suffering from abuse from coming forward and seeking help . "  You 're making people not want to come out , not want to say anything , " she said , her voice breaking . "  You 're making people want to sit there and keep it to themselves and go through the abuse when you say stupid crap like that . " The California woman 's alleged captor , Garcia , 42 , was arrested during a traffic stop Wednesday . He is charged with a felony count of forcible rape , three felony counts of lewd acts on a minor and a felony count of kidnapping to commit a sexual offense . If convicted of all three crimes , he could face life in prison .	A photo purports to show the woman with her mom a week before she went to police Suspect 's attorney says the allegations sound fabricated to him Some neighbors also questioned California woman 's abduction story , saying she seemed happy Judgmental attitudes could keep others being abused from coming forward , Michelle Knight says
CNN  -- Complete shock , surprise and disappointment -- that was my reaction to revelations from documents released by Edward Snowden that the National Security Agency monitored my e-mails from 2006 to 2008 after I left the Bush White House . I am one of five professionals featured in an article in The Intercept who found the government was monitoring us without our knowledge . The others are Asim Ghafoor , a well-known lawyer ; Hooshang Amirahmadi , a professor at Rutgers University ; Agha Saeed , a political science professor at California State University , and Nihad Awad , the executive director of the Council on American-Islamic Relations . What we share in common is that we are all Muslim . And none of us can believe there is any reason we should fall under suspicion . The technology the government uses to surreptitiously monitor domestic and international communications did n't surprise me . What was shocking to me was that nothing in my background would lead anyone to believe that I have any terrorist leanings or want to cause harm to the United States . I served my country in the U.S. Navy , worked as senior policy adviser in the Department of Homeland Security under President George W. Bush , was involved in my community and even ran for public office . There is not much more anyone can do to prove his or her complete loyalty to the United States . What 's clear now is that the reason for spying on me is my religion . Some people may argue that my ties to the American Muslim Council gave the government probable cause to monitor me . But I had received my Top Secret/SCI  Sensitive Compartmented Information  clearance to work in the Department of Homeland Security after working with the American Muslim Council , not before . Needless to say , all aspects of your life are examined to obtain this level . When I was working with the council , my goal was to get Muslims involved in domestic politics , never foreign politics . Working in Homeland Security , I know more than others that sometimes people need to be monitored for security purposes , and there are times when such monitoring does not lead to anything . In those cases , however , at least something in those people 's background or actions would cause suspicion . For example , they met secretly with terrorist groups or made some statements inciting violence . None of those factors exist in my case . Congress needs to exercise its oversight authority and look at the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act process and practice . On paper , the FISA procedure looks fair : An agent prepares an affidavit setting forth facts that establish probable cause that the subject is an agent of a foreign government . Then an independent judge examines the application and approves it . That is a good process -- but in practice , 99 % of the applications are approved . Clearly something is wrong that nearly all applications are approved . Probable cause is clearly interpreted broadly in a FISA court . Congress needs to fix the practice . The issue for me is : What 's next ? I have no desire to file any sort of a lawsuit against the government . The United States is my home and like any American , I want to protect my home . I demonstrated that by proudly wearing my country 's uniform . I am raising my kids here . I am clearly invested in my country . I think more Muslim Americans should be involved in government and in their communities . But I am concerned that many Muslims , hearing the news of government monitoring , will say "  What 's the point ? " They will believe that no matter what they do , they will always be viewed with suspicion . This to me is the saddest possible result . I would hope the intelligence community , law enforcement , Congress and the Obama administration are also concerned . I hope my kids will not have to worry about their e-mails being monitored for exercising their religious freedom to be involved with organizations that support their faith , like millions of other Americans .	Faisal Gill : Documents released by Snowden show he was under surveillance Gill was in the Navy , was senior policy adviser in Homeland Security under Bush Gill believes the only reason he came under suspicion was that he is Muslim Gill says Muslims must be free to join religious organizations without being spied upon
CNN  -- First the good news . Significant progress has been made over the past 13 years in meeting the targets the international community set for social and economic development by 2015 . Thanks to the collaborative efforts of government planning agencies , U.N. entities , global aid organizations , international foundations and civil society groups , half a billion fewer people now live in extreme poverty , four out of five children routinely get vaccinated for a variety of diseases , and deaths from malaria have fallen by one quarter . Family planning programs have helped slow population growth , contributing , in particular , to a significant reduction in fertility in the developing world . Maternal death has been reduced , and we are now saving the lives of about 3 million children every year who previously would have died from childhood illnesses . We are also providing primary education for a record number of boys and girls in the developing world . Read this : Men , step up on family planning However , it 's clear that come 2015 , the world 's report card on the Millennium Development Goals  MDGs  will be scored "  Incomplete . " And that 's not just because we are likely to fail to meet some of the targets we set for ourselves in the early days of the new century .  We have fallen short on our goals on maternal health and family planning , for example .  We will also get an "  Incomplete " because we are now facing challenges , like climate change , whose significance we failed to appreciate when the original goals were drafted . With that in mind , United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-Moon appointed a U.N. System Task Team on the Post-2015 U.N. Development Agenda to facilitate consultation with stakeholders ranging from member states to civil society , academia and individual citizens . As part of their work , the Task Team produced discussion documents proposing basic principles for a new development framework . The Secretary-General also appointed a High-Level Panel of Eminent Persons to outline a new set of goals designed to complete the work of the original MDGs and address the new challenges of the century ahead . The Secretary-General 's vision for the new development framework centers on ending poverty through sustainable development , dealing with the problem of global climate change , and reducing inequality -- between men and women , and between rich and poor . The authors of this article , one of us the president of a developing nation and the other the head of the U.N. Population Fund , believe that Africa will be the test case for the world 's resolve and success , or failure , to achieve these goals . This is n't a case of parochialism , though we both happen to be African . It is , instead , our shared judgment that Africa is likely to become the litmus test for whether the global community will have the resolve to work cooperatively to tackle the big issues that will affect us all on our increasingly interconnected and interdependent planet . Consider this . The world has added approximately a billion people since the United Nations drafted the Millennium Development Goals , and is expected to add approximately 3.7 billion more by 2100 . Significantly , U.N. experts predict that almost all of that future growth will take place in developing nations , and that a disproportionate share of it will take place in sub-Saharan Africa . With this population growth will come increased demand for food , energy and water ; increased pressure on the natural environment ; increased demand for medical care ; and an increased need for education and jobs . In addition , the effects of climate change are expected to hit sub-Saharan Africa particularly hard , exacerbating all of the challenges above . But the flipside of challenge is opportunity , and the opportunities in Africa are abundant . The 54 countries of Africa comprise , collectively , about 1 billion consumers with an average age of just under 20 . This will represent an enormous market for the world 's goods and services in the decades ahead . Ozwald Boateng : New wind of change is blowing through Africa By mid-century , Africans will also represent one quarter of the global labor force , and by the end of the century , Africa will have the world 's highest ratio of working age population to dependents . This is a giant potential "  demographic dividend " that Africa can build upon . With far-sightedness , African countries can also tap the enormous potential of African women and girls . Educating women , providing age-appropriate sex education and access to family planning methods , will free and empower women and girls to make even more significant contributions to Africa 's economic development . In many ways , the "  face " of Africa 's future is the face of a teenage girl . Africa 's economy will also continue to benefit from the continent 's enormous mineral wealth , which , if managed sustainably and equitably , should fuel accelerated economic growth in the decades ahead . The continent 's potential for growth is also underscored by the fact that Africa has the world 's largest share of underutilized arable land and water . The opportunities are extraordinary , the challenges many . As the United Nations drafts a new set of goals to follow the MDGs , Africa will be the ultimate testing ground for new strategies to end poverty , mitigate the impact of climate change and reduce inequality in the 21st century . However , if Africa gets it "  right , " the continent will also be the new century 's greatest success story . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf and Dr. Babatunde Osotimehin .	Liberian President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf and UNFPA chief write on development goals International community made progress on MDGs , but still has a way to go , they say Extreme poverty and vaccinations for children have seen an improvement Africa will be testing ground for new strategies to reduce inequality
CNN  -- The San Diego City Council voted Tuesday to deny Mayor Bob Filner 's request for taxpayers to pay his legal fees associated with a sexual harassment lawsuit against him , a spokesman said . The vote was 9-0 , according to Matt Awbrey , spokesman for City Council member Kevin Faulconer . The city is named as a co-defendant in the lawsuit against Filner . His former spokeswoman filed the suit alleging both were responsible for the mayor 's sexual harassment . San Diego says it should n't be part of the lawsuit in the first place because it had no role in the mayor 's behavior and because it has a zero-tolerance policy against sexual harassment . The city "  believes that it neither caused nor contributed to the damages alleged by " Filner 's former spokeswoman , Irene Jackson . Amid calls for resignation , embattled mayor to enter clinic It 's a complicated situation . Jackson and seven other women say they were subjected to "  crude and disgusting " comments and inappropriate touching -- including groping and kissing -- by Filner , and she resigned as his spokeswoman in June . Eight days ago , Jackson filed suit against both Filner and the city , alleging both were responsible . Filner , 70 , then sent a letter to the city , saying it should mount his defense and pay his legal bills . Opinion : No room for lecherous mayors The San Diego City Council met earlier Tuesday and unanimously decided to file suit against Filner , saying it is the mayor who should pay the city 's legal bills in defending the case . And if Jackson wins her case , the city 's lawsuit seeks indemnity from paying any damages . "  Bob Filner ca n't pay back San Diegans for the damage he 's done to our city 's reputation , but he can and should repay the city if there are any taxpayer costs as a result of this lawsuit , " Faulconer said in a statement . San Diego mayor sued , called unfit for office Filner says he will enter a behavior counseling clinic next month for two weeks of "  intensive therapy , " but he has repeatedly said he wo n't step down . His decision is unlikely to quell the mounting calls for his resignation . Many of the accusations allegedly took place during Filner 's five terms in Congress , before he was elected mayor last year . In response , Filner 's chief of staff resigned , the Democratic Party of San Diego voted to call for his resignation -- even his fiancee left his side . A group began an official recall effort , but political observers have expressed doubt that the group can logistically pull off collecting the more than 100,000 signatures needed . Secrets that women of San Diego no longer keep about its mayor CNN 's Tony Dunnan contributed to this report .	The city sues Filner for its legal costs and possible damages The city says it had no role in the mayor 's behavior Filner wants the city to pay for his own defense and legal bills Filner 's former spokeswoman is suing him for sexual harassment
CNN  -- Colombian rebels released a top military general and two other hostages Sunday in a move that could allow stalled peace talks to resume . Brig. Gen. Rubn Daro Alzate , who commands a 2,500-soldier counterinsurgency group and previously headed the Colombian army 's anti-kidnapping unit , was among the hostages handed over to mediators in a rural area in western Colombia , the International Committee of the Red Cross said . The released hostages are "  in perfect condition , " Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos said in a Twitter post Sunday . Colombia 's Defense Ministry said they were being transported to the country 's capital Sunday evening to reunite with their families and undergo medical checkups after 14 days in captivity . Local media reported that Alzate was the highest-ranking officer to be taken prisoner by guerrillas from the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia during the country 's bloody , five-decades-old civil war . The high-profile capture two weeks ago sent the peace talks in Havana between the government and the rebels , who are known as the FARC , screeching to a halt . Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos suspended the peace talks , demanded Alzate 's release and called on the country 's military to investigate why the general had apparently broken protocol by venturing into rebel territory . Alzate was traveling by a boat along a river in an area known to be a hub for drug smugglers and rebels when he , an Army lawyer and a corporal were captured , Colombian government officials said . A second soldier traveling with the group managed to escape and told officials that Alzate and his companions had been in the area to inspect an energy project . But FARC leaders told reporters in Havana earlier this month that no such project exists in that area and that they were baffled by Alzate 's presence there . Rebels released Alzate , the corporal and the army lawyer Sunday to representatives of the Cuban and Norwegian governments and the Red Cross . They were transported via helicopter to Medellin , where they were handed over to the Colombian army , the Red Cross said . On Twitter , Colombia 's Defense Ministry posted a photo of the three freed hostages meeting with the defense minister and other military leaders . The U.S. government has provided Colombia 's military with billions of dollars in training and aid to battle FARC guerrillas , who authorities accuse of massive-scale drug trafficking to finance their insurgency . At the beginning of the peace talks in 2012 , FARC leaders said they had released all their prisoners and hostages as a sign of good faith . But President Santos has resisted their offers of a ceasefire , saying a previous armistice allowed rebels to seize large swathes of territory . Santos said in a statement that he would be meeting with his government 's negotiators to discuss the terms of their return to Havana . The release of the hostages Sunday , he said , "  contributed to restoring a climate conducive to continuing the talks , demonstrates the maturity of the process and permits us to unite our voice to those of millions of Colombians who express their solidarity with those freed . " The rebels renewed their calls for a ceasefire in a written statement released Sunday , saying the guerrilla group must now "  redesign the rules of the game . " "  It is time for a bilateral ceasefire , an armistice , so that no bellicose event on the battlefield can be used to justify the interruption of such beautiful and historic work as it is to agree on peace for a nation that longs for this destiny , " the FARC said . After the hostages ' release , a Red Cross official said he hoped the peace talks would start up again . "  We hope that the peace talks between the Colombian government and the FARC-EP will resume soon , " Christoph Harnisch , who heads the Red Cross delegation in Colombia , said in a statement . "  We continue to support this process , with a view to alleviating the suffering of all the victims of this long conflict . " Freed Colombian hostages carry pets tamed in the jungle CNN 's Edwin Mesa and Nelson Quiones contributed to this report .	NEW : Colombia 's Defense Ministry says freed hostages are heading to Bogota The guerillas released Brig. Gen. Rubn Daro Alzate , their hostage for two weeks Colombia 's President says he 'll talk with negotiators about resuming peace talks FARC rebels renew their calls for a ceasefire on both sides
EW.com  -- Is it too soon to make a horror film inspired by the 1986 Chernobyl disaster , in which a vast area of the world was radioactively contaminated following the catastrophic meltdown of a Ukrainian nuclear power plant ? No , according to Oren Peli . The "  Paranormal Activity " writer-director both co-wrote and co-produced this tale of six vacationing twentysomethings who make the egregious error of signing up for an " extreme tourism " outing to the Chernobyl-adjacent and long abandoned town of Pripyat .  Newcomer Bradley Parker directs . Before you can say " What , was the ballet all sold out ? " our hero-victims are being menaced , and rapidly thinned out , in an array of ways it does not behoove us to disclose here . If nowhere near as scary as the original "  Paranormal , " the result is superior to many of the low-budget terror flicks that have arrived since  yes , "  The Devil Inside , " we 're talking about you  and benefits hugely from Dimitri Diatchenko 's performance as moviedom 's Worst . Tour . Guide . Ever . B -- See the full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Chernobyl Diaries " follows six twentysomethings who visit the long abandoned town of Pripyat Our hero-victims are being menaced , and rapidly thinned out The result is superior to many of the low-budget terror flicks
CNN  -- NASA 's Kepler space telescope has already made a discovery , and its science operations are n't even officially under way yet . The planet used in the test is a giant gas planet about the size of Jupiter that orbits a star called HAT P-7 . NASA scientists who put the telescope through a 10-day test after its March 6 launch said this week that Kepler is working well . Its ability to detect minute changes in light has enabled scientists to determine that a planet orbiting a distant star has an atmosphere , shows only one side to its sun and is so hot it glows . Kepler 's ability to take measurements that precise at such a great distance "  proves we can find Earth-size planets , " William Borucki , Kepler 's principal science investigator told reporters at a recent briefing . The powerful scope is looking at thousands of stars in its vision field in the Milky Way on a 3 1/2 - year mission to find planets the size of Earth and to determine how common these planets are . The planet used in the test , a giant gas planet about the size of Jupiter , orbits a star called HAT P-7 in just 2.2 days and is 26 times closer than Earth is to the sun , according to NASA . It is called an exoplanet because it orbits a star outside the solar system . Kepler detected the planet 's atmosphere , demonstrating the telescope 's capabilities and giving astronomers what NASA says is "  only a taste of things to come . " "  It learned that this planet is like 4,000 degrees Fahrenheit . That is so hot . And it 's 4,000 degrees Fahrenheit just on one side only . The other side would be closer to 1,000 degrees Fahrenheit , " said Sara Seager , a professor at Massachusetts Institute of Technology and a Kepler science team member . "  This particular planet showed an unusual change in brightness , " she said . "  As the planet is orbiting the star , it goes through phases just as the moon goes through phases as seen from Earth . " "  Kepler learned something new about an old planet , " she said . "  The new discovery was that planet is extremely hot , very , very hot . And it 's very , very hot on one side , compared to the other . " Borucki compared it to "  an element in your toaster or stove . "	Kepler orbiting observatory beginning mission to find planets the size of Earth It has found that a planet orbiting a distant star shows only one side to the star "  Kepler learned something new about an old planet , " says team member
CNN  -- It might seem a bit strange that actress Jodie Foster chose an event watched by millions to make the case for the need for privacy . Well , this is Hollywood , after all . The celebrated actress took the occasion of receiving the Cecil B. DeMille Award at Sunday 's Golden Globes ceremony to make several personal statements -- including a few that were n't exactly clear . But one thing Foster was definitive about was how much she values her privacy . In a speech that many found to be touching and which appeared to address gossip about her sexual orientation , the 50-year-old Foster reflected on being in show business since she was 3 years old . "  If you had been a public figure from the time that you were a toddler , if you 'd had to fight for a life that felt real and honest and normal against all odds , then maybe you , too , might value privacy above all else , " she said , to cheers from the Golden Globes crowd . 5 memorable moments from the Globes But how realistic is the expectation of privacy in an age where many celebrities depend on their social media connection to fans more than they do traditional marketing machines and every moment of their lives is reported in the media ? Long gone are the days when a studio would work with journalists to bury negative press about stars or protect their personal lives , said Robert J. Thompson , founding director of the Bleier Center for Television and Popular Culture at Syracuse University . "  Everybody who is carrying around a cell phone has the ability to take a picture of you behaving badly , getting in trouble , " Thompson said . "  People have been hounding celebrities for as long as their have been celebrities , but now there are just so many more venues to where the results of that hounding can go . " And in some cases the celebrities are feeding into those venues . Twitter , Facebook and Instagram accounts are almost mandatory for the 21st-century star who can choose to reveal themselves to millions of fans without having to hold a press conference or even leaving their homes . Take Rihanna and Chris Brown , whose reignited connection has been thoroughly documented by the pair via their social media accounts -- and just as thoroughly criticized by music fans and the news media . Yet these same celebrities will sometimes insist that they hope the media will "  respect their privacy . " While a writer for Newsweek , journalist Steve Tuttle tackled the issue in a piece titled "  Pay Attention and Leave Me Alone " in which he noted that "  How I Met Your Mother " star Neil Patrick Harris announced on Twitter that he and his partner David were expecting twins while "  Hoping the press can respect our privacy . " "  Seriously ? Why did you tweet this personal information if you wanted privacy ? " Tuttle wrote . "  I think Harris is an extremely gifted and funny guy , but this is yet another in a long line of celebrities asking us to respect their privacy while at the same time broadcasting news about their family or career -- and I 'm only talking about the last week or so . " Not that Foster has ever been the type to share even the most benign parts of her personal life , yet alone on social media . Which may be why some viewers waited with bated breath when she announced at the Globes that she had "  a sudden urge to say something that I 've never really been able to air in public . " "  I am single , " Foster said after a bit of a buildup . The audience laughed . "  Seriously , I hope that you 're not disappointed that there wo n't be a big coming-out speech tonight because I already did my coming out about a thousand years ago back in the Stone Age , very quaint days when a fragile young girl would open up to trusted friends and family , co-workers and then gradually , proudly to everyone who knew her , to everyone she actually met , " she continued . "  But now apparently , I 'm told that every celebrity is expected to honor the details of their private life with a press conference , a fragrance , and a prime-time reality show , " Foster said . "  And you guys might be surprised , but I am not Honey Boo Boo Child . No . I 'm sorry . That 's just not me . " While many cheered Foster 's remarks , some were less than enthused . Wall Street Journal writer Eric Sasson wrote , "  It seems a bit less than gracious , and something of a stretch , for Foster to conflate the public 's desire to know about her orientation with a fragrance-toting , prime-time-reality-show mugging celebrity culture . " "  Was Martina Navratilova acting like Honey Boo Boo Child when she came out , " Sasson said . "  How about Barney Frank , or Elton John , or Ellen ? Foster seems to be suggesting that it 's the absurd degree to which the media and the world no longer value privacy that has forced her to hold on to her own so tightly . But Jodie Foster is 50 years old , and Honey Boo Boo Child has n't been around for more than a year . " Fellow former child actor Seth Green discussed the issue of privacy in a recent "  WTF with Marc Maron " podcast and said he traces the interest to the rise in the tabloid culture over the past few years that has people enthralled with the lives of celebrities . Cristiano Ronaldo and Daniel Craig : A right to privacy ? "  All of a sudden  celebs  are being put out as the most important kings and queens of our community , " Green said . In general , Green said , the public "  are becoming increasingly fascinated with pop culture and shiny things and squashed and stretched animated versions of our superheroes . We are becoming less and less concerned about privacy , security . " Syracuse professor Thompson said that with the 24-hour news cycle and so many publications trying to outdo each other in terms of exclusives , celebrity "  images and barging in on their privacy is a cottage industry for a lot of people . " Should celebrities feel entitled to privacy ? "  Maybe , " he said . "  But should you expect that you are going to get it ? " "  Probably not . "	Actress Jodie Foster discussed privacy during her speech at the Golden Globes Professor says there are a multitude of outlets for stars personal drama to be shared Writer took exception to some of Foster 's comments
Washington  CNN  -- In what now seems like a fairy tale scenario , Friday was supposed to conclude the 112th Congress , with members heading home for holiday cheer with their loved ones . Many were leaving town , including House Speaker John Boehner , but they 'll be back next week as the year-end deadline looms for the automatic tax hikes and spending cuts of the fiscal cliff that economists fear could bring a recession . Boehner , the lead Republican negotiator on a possible agreement , met Thursday afternoon with President Barack Obama at the White House in their second face-to-face talks of the week . The 50-minute meeting that both sides described as "  frank " produced no breakthrough on the core issue of whether tax rates will rise on the wealthiest Americans . Boehner planned to return to his home state of Ohio for the weekend , but will be available by phone if needed , according to one of his aides . He and the rest of the legislators will return Monday to work the congressional equivalent of overtime on reaching an agreement to reduce the nation 's chronic federal deficits and debt by the end of the year -- less than three weeks away . House Majority Leader Eric Cantor , R-Virginia , is advising members the session could run up to Christmas , then break for the holiday and resume again before the new year . The 113th Congress is scheduled to convene on January 3 . Fiscal cliff : It should n't be this hard The inability to reach a deal so far reflects the ideological divide between Democrats and Republicans over the size and role of government . Fears that the negotiations could end without a comprehensive agreement , such as the deficit reduction talks between Obama and Boehner in 2011 , is causing jitters among consumers and investors . Stock prices fell for a second straight day Friday as it became clear neither side appeared willing to budge . Obama insists on raising additional revenue through tax reform and higher rates on top income brackets as part of a package that would include spending cuts and cost savings from entitlement programs . His plan is to extend most of Bush-era tax cuts set to expire as part of the fiscal cliff , but letting rates on income over $ 200,000 for individuals and $ 250,000 for families return to higher rates of the 1990s . "  That 's the best thing for the economy , the best thing for American families , " Obama told CNN California affiliate KCRA on Thursday . "  That will take the edge off things . We 'll still have to deal with some deficits and debt problems , but it means 98 % of Americans , 97 % of small businesses will not see their taxes go up . " One simple , controversial fiscal cliff fix Boehner and Republicans have reluctantly agreed to some new revenue , but they reject raising anyone 's tax rates and instead propose eliminating deductions and loopholes . Before meeting Obama on Thursday , Boehner told reporters the president has yet to offer a plan that "  is truly balanced and begins to solve our spending problem . " Republicans note that 71 % of every tax dollar now goes to support Social Security , Medicare and Medicaid , as well as paying interest on the national debt , and they say the cost of those items would equal all federal tax revenue in 2026 unless changes are made . "  The president wants to pretend spending is n't the problem , " Boehner said . "  That 's why we do n't have an agreement . " Minutes before he spoke , House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi argued Obama and Congress already cut spending in budget battles of the past two years . Simply cutting more , she said , could hurt the economy . Daschle and Lott : Here 's how to make a deal "  You 're not going to reduce the deficit by ... only cutting your way to it because you will cut the prospects for job creation , which produce revenue , " Pelosi said . At the White House , spokesman Jay Carney complained Republicans have n't offered details on which deductions or loopholes they would eliminate to raise revenue . Regardless , he reiterated Obama will agree to a deal only if it involves tax rates going up for the top 2 % of Americans and extending tax cuts for all others -- a proposal some Republicans have said they can accept as a first step to move beyond the deal-breaking dispute . Obama and Democrats want Boehner to hold a vote on the president 's tax plan , which the Senate has passed . Boehner avoided a direct answer when asked Thursday about a possible vote . Even Asia worried about the ` cliff ' Republican reluctance to raise tax rates stems from the conservative quest to shrink government and the percentage of federal spending as part of the overall economy . Traditionally , raising taxes to fund increased spending is much easier than lowering rates to reduce the money feeding the federal belly . Democrats argue that Republican efforts to reduce federal deficits through cost-cutting alone would worsen an already difficult situation for middle-class Americans facing stagnant wages , rising costs and reduced opportunity . In particular , Democrats consider entitlement programs to be the foundation of the social contract with Americans and therefore question pushes to cut them . Instead , they insist the programs can be strengthened through improved efficiency and other reforms , such as the $ 700 billion in Medicare savings under Obama 's 2010 health care reform law . Polls consistently show the public favors Obama 's position of raising taxes on wealthy Americans in order to minimize cuts . By the numbers : Fiscal cliff Nearly half of Americans -- 49 % -- approve the president 's handling of the talks , compared with 25 % who say Boehner is doing a good job , according to an ABC News/Washington Post poll released Wednesday . Meanwhile , a Bloomberg National Poll found nearly two-thirds of respondents , including nearly 50 % of Republicans , believe Obama 's re-election gave him a mandate to seek higher taxes on the wealthy . Regardless of which side of the debate citizens fall , experts agree almost everyone will be affected if a deal is n't struck . Two former Senate majority leaders said Thursday both sides must be ready to compromise . "  The simplest way to put it is that we 're at 24 % spending , we 're at 16 % revenue , " said Tom Daschle , a former Democratic senator from South Dakota . "  We 've got to bring those two closer together , and that 's how you get a balanced budget , and ultimately that 's how you get fiscal responsibility . ... It can be done . " To Trent Lott , a former Republican senator from Mississippi , it comes down to the principal negotiators . "  There 'll come a moment when the speaker ... and the president will have to make a decision , " Lott said . "  But they need to do it in concert . "  It 's like directing the orchestra . You 've got to have the winds and the brass come together , and they 're not quite there . " How is the fiscal cliff affecting you ? CNN 's Dana Bash , Jessica Yellin and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	Legislators head home for the weekend , but they 'll be back Fiscal cliff negotiations will continue next week President Obama and Speaker Boehner had a "  frank " meeting Thursday Without a deal , Americans face higher taxes next year
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- It 's the middle of the night and Steven Ford is wide awake . Insomniac Steven Ford says he needs to find a better way to wind down after a long day on the job . "  I toss and turn and watch the clock , sometimes at 3 in the morning , 2 in the morning , " lamented Ford , 44 , a commercial sign installer in Atlanta , Georgia . Valerie McCloskey , a 42-year-old mother of two from Grand Rapids , Michigan , complained of a similar problem . "  My husband is sound asleep next to me and I 'm thinking about everything that I 'm worried about . " McCloskey and Ford are among a huge group of Americans who suffer from some type of insomnia . "  Sleep problems are very , very common , " explained Dr. David Schulman , director of the Sleep Laboratory at Emory University in Atlanta . "  They affect more than a third of Americans in a given year . " Health Minute : Watch more on sleep disorders " Sleep problems may be common , but Schulman stressed that insomnia is not normal if it lasts more than a month or two . He said most adults need about eight hours of sleep a night . In reality "  the average American sleeps just under seven hours , " he said . "  That 's a problem . " A persistent lack of sleep or poor quality sleep can leave you feeling exhausted when you wake up . "  These folks are walking zombies , " Schulman said . "  They are out there with four or five hours of sleep a night . " Long-term sleep problems also may exacerbate other chronic medical conditions such as diabetes or hypertension , experts say . Before you can treat the problem , you probably need to figure out what kind of insomnia you 're dealing with . The condition is classified as primary or secondary . The latter means that a patient may be having trouble sleeping because of a health condition or medication . Primary insomnia is not related to any side effects . It is considered its own disorder that can be broken down into two groups : sleep-onset insomnia and sleep-maintenance insomnia . Like its name , the sleep-onset version occurs in the beginning of the night when someone tries to fall asleep and ca n't . "  Sleep-maintenance insomnia is much less common , " Schulman said . "  It occurs when somebody can go to sleep , but wakes up once or several times throughout the night and has difficulty resuming sleep . " Stress , anxiety and depression may be some of the causes of chronic insomnia . Before he prescribes medications , Schulman typically suggests that his patients try a number of things to regain control of their sleep cycle . First , he said , do n't stay in bed for longer than 20 to 30 minutes if you ca n't fall asleep or fall back asleep . "  If you accustom your body to being in bed for hours at a time unable to fall asleep , that behavior to some degree becomes subconsciously ingrained , " he said . Avoid caffeine within 8-10 hours of bedtime . Studies show that "  if you take caffeine at noon it 's still in your system at 8 or 10 at night , " Schulman said . Do n't eat or exercise within three hours of bedtime . Schulman said both detract from sleep . He also suggested avoiding alcohol before bedtime because it might trigger a lighter sleep and make it more likely you 'll wake up in the middle of the night . Finally , he recommended finding light , relaxing activities that will induce sleep , such as reading or listening to soft music . He cautioned insomniacs to avoid bright light before bedtime . He also warned against watching television and using video games and computers before turning out the lights . Cooling off might help . "  One of the ways you can fool your body into thinking it is cooling off is to heat it up just before bedtime , " Schulman said . "  Take a warm bath or shower 30 to 45 minutes before going to sleep . As your body cools off afterwards , it is very sleep-inducing . " Steven Ford admitted he needs to find a better way to wind down after a long day on the job . He does n't consider his problem to be serious enough yet to see a doctor , adding "  I 'm too manly to try to look for help . I just deal with it , go to work and wait for the weekend . "	Sleep problems affect more than a third of Americans in a given year , expert says If you drink caffeine at noon , it 's still in your system at 8 or 10 p.m. , studies say Avoid eating and exercising three hours before bed if you have sleep problems Long-term sleep problems may exacerbate other chronic medical conditions
Washington  CNN  -- Crowds filled the Smithsonian National Air and Space Museum in Washington on Friday , as they regularly do during the summer months . This Friday , however , was different , as people lined up outside the building , waiting for the last launch in the shuttle program 's 30-year history . Among them was Reagan Diesing , born in 2002 , 21 years after the first shuttle launched from Cape Canaveral , Florida . The 9-year old Virginian , along with sister Ashlyn and mother Vicki , joined about 275 others who watched the last shuttle launch at the museum . "  It 's sad , " Reagan said . " ... I remember in school learning that everybody wanted to get to space and it was their dream and I am upset that they are just giving it up . " Standing outside the museum , C.C. Chapman of Boston also expressed regret . "  It is the end of an era. , " he said . "  I remember the first shuttle and it is going away , unfortunately . " The crowd filled the Moving Beyond Earth room 30 minutes before the shuttle was scheduled to launch . Even nine minutes out , there was a buzz in the room as the countdown clock ticked closer to zero . Surrounded by models of the different shuttles and the International Space Station , people exchanged stories about shuttle launches , including some about seeing one at the Kennedy Space Center . "  I remember being a toddler and watching some of the first launches at home in my living room with my family , " said Jamie Mitchell from Washington . "  And I finally did have a chance to go witness a launch in February of this year , saw the last launch of Discovery , and there is nothing like that . " With a reported 70 percent chance the shuttle would not launch on Friday , people were happy that the countdown passed the five-minute mark . Then the four , the three the two and the one . All was going according to plan when , at 31 seconds , the countdown stopped . Air was sucked from the room , people fretted that they might not witness the historic moment Friday . "  I was a little scared when the countdown stopped , " Reagan said . But it was n't long before the clock was running again . As the timer hit 10 , people began to count along with the NASA announcer . Six , five , four . People began to cheer . Three , two , one . The room burst into applause , the engines kicked in and people began to celebrate . The museum curators looked in awe . Children 's mouths gaped at the sight . Their parents smiled , perhaps reminiscing about the time they were young and as amazed by a shuttle launch . "  It was bittersweet , " said Vicki Diesing , "  I was worried that it would n't go off because of the weather , but when they stopped the countdown at 30 seconds , you are kind of holding your breath to see if it would really go off . It was good to be able to see that last one , but sad at the same time . "	Crowds lines up to see the shuttle launch in the museum "  It 's sad , " says Reagan Diesing , 9 , who fears a dream is being abandoned "  It was good to be able to see that last one , but sad at the same time , " his mother says
CNN  -- One hundred , eighty-three chicken wings . In 12 minutes . That 's what it took for Sonya Thomas of Virginia to beat her opponents -- including Joey Chestnut  currently ranked No. 1 by the International Federation of Competitive Eating  -- to win the United States Chicken Wing Eating Championship . Thomas ' victory Sunday broke her previous record of 181 wings and took top honors at the 10th annual Buffalo Chicken Wing Festival in Buffalo , New York . "  This is the Super Bowl for the chicken-wing industry , " said Drew Cerza , self proclaimed "  Wing King " and festival founder . The event this year drew 85,000 visitors from every state in the nation and over 39 different countries , a feat that 's hard for Cerza to believe , considering the festival 's meager beginning 10 years ago . Despite the Buffalo wing 's invention in Buffalo at the city 's Anchor Bar in 1964 -- "  with , " according to Cerza , "  a sauce of Frank 's hot sauce and butter " -- Buffalo was without a wing festival for decades . "  Then this movie -- ` Osmosis Jones ' -- comes out , " Cerza said . The Farrelly Brothers ' 2001 movie was about a junk-food-loving dad , played by Bill Murray , who was trying to get to a national wing festival in Buffalo . Only there was no such festival , much to Buffalo writer Donn Esmonde 's dismay . In one of his columns , he called for someone to start one . Cerza did n't see the column until he was outside cleaning his garage and was moving a stack of newspapers . But once he read it , the former food promoter , began to put the wheels in motion . "  I had no money . But I bought all of these turkey fryers , I had to fly restaurateurs in and put them up in hotels , " Cerza remembers . "  I would 've lost my house if it rained . " Luckily , it did n't rain , and the festival has continued to grow over the years . So big , in fact , that one year it ran out of wings altogether . "  We went around to the different restaurants in town and bought all of their chicken wings . " Cerza 's decision to start the festival and his commitment to it earned him a spot in the festival 's "  Hall of Flame , " along with the actor that inspired it all , Bill Murray . Murray could n't make it to the induction ceremony , which was a part of the weekend 's festivities , along with a music performance by Sand Ox with Duff Goldman of Food Network 's "  Ace of Cakes . " There was also plenty of competition -- a Miss Buffalo Wing pageant , a sauce-off contest , and a "  bobbing for chicken wings " contest . The bobbing-contest winner , Angel Daniels of Brooklyn , pulled 15 chicken wings from a kiddie pool filled with blue cheese dressing in three minutes . But wings obviously were the main attraction -- more than 50 tons of wings , prepared at least 100 ways , brought out the crowds . "  The chicken gods were looking down , " Cerza said .	"  The chicken gods were looking down , " says the festival 's founder The 10th Buffalo Chicken Wing Festival drew visitors from all 50 states , over 39 countries More than 50 tons of wings prepared at least 100 ways fed the 85,000 wing fans
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Five American service members were killed in southern Afghanistan when a coalition jet , called in to help ward off a Taliban attack , mistakenly bombed them , an Afghan official said Tuesday . The five were killed Monday night along with an Afghan soldier in Zabul province , said Ghulam Sakhi Roghliwanai , the province 's police chief . According to NATO , the troops were conducting a security operation . Such operations have been stepped up ahead of Afghanistan 's presidential runoff election , which will take place Saturday . The service members ' unit came in contact with enemy forces . That 's when the casualties occurred , a U.S. military official told CNN . "  There is the possibility that fratricide may have been involved , " he said . The incident is under investigation . Pentagon spokesman Rear Adm. John Kirby acknowledged the deaths appear to be the result of friendly fire . "  I 'm not going to get into too much detail about qualifying who they were or the specifics of the mission , " Kirby said . "  We do have reason to suspect that friendly fire was the cause here , specifically friendly fire from the air , but the issue is under investigation . " A NATO statement provided a few details . Roghliwanai said the troops had completed their joint military sweep at about 9 p.m. Monday  12:30 p.m. ET  when they came under rocket fire from Taliban militants . The service members called in air support . "  But the airstrike mistakenly bombed their own friends too , " he said . "  The Department of Defense is looking into what happened , " U.S. National Security Council spokeswoman Caitlin Hayden said . "  Our hearts are heavy over this loss , and our thoughts and prayers are with the families of the fallen . " Friendly fire incidents Since the Afghan war began in October 2001 , 2,323 Americans have died there . Once the United States confirms these latest deaths , the number will rise to 2,328 . There have also been numerous fatalities resulting from friendly fire . Among the more publicized ones was the 2004 death of Pat Tillman . Tillman , who became a national hero after he gave up a lucrative contract with the NFL 's Arizona Cardinals to join the Army 's elite Rangers force , was awarded the Silver Star , the military 's third-highest combat decoration , after the Army said he was killed leading a counterattack . Only later did the Army admit he had been shot accidentally by his comrades . Here are some of the others :  In April 2002 , four Canadian service members were killed and eight others seriously wounded when a U.S. Air National Guard pilot dropped a 500-pound bomb on a group of Canadian troops conducting a nighttime training exercise in southern Afghanistan .  In August 2007 , three British soldiers were killed when a U.S. Air Force F-15 Eagle mistakenly struck their position with a 500-pound bomb during a firefight with Taliban fighters in northern Helmand province .  In July 2008 , nine British soldiers were wounded when a UK Apache attack helicopter mistakenly fired on them during a firefight with Taliban fighters in central Afghanistan .  In November 2011 , NATO helicopters attacked a military checkpoint in northwest Pakistan , killing 24 Pakistani soldiers . The attack wounded 13 others in the volatile region bordering Afghanistan . The incident greatly strained relations between the nations . Other developments The Taliban abducted a busload of students and lecturers from Kandahar University as they traveled to the capital , Kabul , on Tuesday , said Mohammad Ali Ahmadi , the deputy governor of Ghazni province . The exact number of passengers on the bus was not immediately known . Negotiations were under way to find the passengers and free them , Ahmadi said . Could lasers solve the military 's friendly-fire problem ? CNN 's Masoud Popalzai reported from Kabul ; Ed Payne reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Ric Ward , Gabe LaMonica and Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	NEW : "  Friendly fire from the air " is suspected cause of deaths , Pentagon says The incident also killed an Afghan soldier More than 2,300 U.S. troops have died in Afghanistan Since the Afghan war began in 2001 , there have been numerous "  friendly fire " fatalities
CNN  -- Nigeria 's long wait for a major soccer title ended on Sunday as the "  Super Eagles " beat Burkina Faso 1-0 in the final of the Africa Cup of Nations . Sunday Mba scored his second goal of the two-week tournament -- both coincidentally coming on the day that bears his name -- as Nigeria became just the fourth team to win the continental crown three times or more . "  I 'm so happy it is a dream come true . I do n't know what to say , " Mba said after the final whistle . "  We really worked hard and we were looking forward to this day and I 'm so happy for this . " Stephen Keshi became only the second man to win the title as both coach and player , having been captain at the 1994 tournament when Nigeria won for the second time -- though he did not play in that final . Burkina Faso , playing in the final for the first time , missed out on the $ 1.5 million first prize and the chance to represent Africa at this year 's Confederations Cup in Brazil . Mba also scored in the quarterfinal win over tournament favorites Ivory Coast , being one of five home-based players brought into the squad by Keshi . Keshi made big changes after Nigeria failed to qualify for last year 's event in Equatorial Guinea and Gabon -- a turbulent period for the national team , which was suspended from international football by President Goodluck Jonathan before world ruling body FIFA threatened to intervene . However , the president was delighted with Sunday 's result . "  President Jonathan thanks coach Stephen Keshi and all members of the team who have worked very hard to make Nigeria the proud champions of Africa once again after 19 years of setbacks in the competition , " his office said in a statement . "  The President also believes that having conquered Africa , the new Super Eagles can go on to achieve even greater glory at the World Cup in Brazil next year . " Back in 1994 , Nigeria was ranked fifth in the world -- the highest by any African nation . The Super Eagles won gold at the 1996 Olympics , but have since slipped to 52nd in the rankings . Mba 's 40th-minute strike came after a moment of opportunistic skill as the 24-year-old flicked a loose ball into the penalty area and then poked a volley past the Stallions ' goalkeeper Daouda Diakite . "  It will go a long way towards my career , " said Mba , who made his first appearance at the tournament after winning a late call-up from Keshi . "  This is my first time and I 'm very happy . We gave all that we had . "	Sunday Mba scores the only goal of the Africa Cup of Nations final in South Africa He gives Nigeria victory over first-time finalists Burkina Faso in Soweto "  Super Eagles " become fourth team to win the title on three or more occasions Coach Stephen Keshi was also involved as a player in the team 's last win in 1994
CNN  -- BP moved closer on Monday to sealing , once and for all , its ruptured well in the Gulf of Mexico , though government and company officials said their struggle against the spill 's extensive environmental and economic damage is far from over . A relief well is expected to start the final shutdown within the week , said retired Coast Guard Adm. Thad Allen , the government 's point man in the region . Allen said the closer of two relief wells alongside the capped , formerly gushing BP well in the Gulf is 17,909 feet deep and less than 100 feet from intercepting the main well . During the previous 72 to 96 hours , he said , crews had twice drilled for 30 feet at a time , then backed out and put wire down the pipe to gauge the exact location relative to the main well . Allen said drillers would make "  one more run , " and hoped to intercept , then pump cement into , the main well as early as the end of the week , permanently sealing the crippled well . Crews will have to keep a close watch on inclement weather while drilling . Strong thunderstorms and gusty winds are possible over the main well starting on Wednesday , said CNN meteorologist Sean Morris . The National Hurricane Center said a broad area of low pressure over southern Florida is forecast to move slowly northwestward into the Gulf and toward the north-central Gulf Coast this week . The system has roughly a 30 percent chance of developing into a tropical cyclone in the next 48 hours , the center said . Also on Monday , BP , the oil company that operated the sunken well , released an updated tally on expenses associated with cleanup and containment , which now stands at about $ 6.1 billion . BP said it has established a trust and made an initial $ 3 billion deposit of the previously announced $ 20 billion escrow account to pay "  legitimate " claims arising from the April 20 Deepwater Horizon incident and the resulting oil and gas spill . The oil giant named two trustees who will administer the account : John S. Martin , a former federal judge for the Southern District of New York , and Kent Syverud , dean of the Washington University School of Law . Citigroup will serve as corporate trustee and paying agent for the account , BP said . Responding to the company 's $ 3 billion deposit , the Justice Department said Monday details of the account have been worked out . A top government attorney noted that BP is fulfilling its obligations . "  We are pleased that BP made an initial contribution and has taken an important step toward honoring its commitment to the president and the residents and business owners in the Gulf region , " Associate Attorney General Tom Perrelli said in a statement confirming BP 's $ 3 billion installment . Also on Monday , BP 's newly-appointed Chief Executive Bob Dudley met with high-level White House officials and Allen to talk about recovery efforts . Government officials stressed the importance of BP living up to its commitments , including the quick payment of claims made by state and local governments , according to a White House statement . President Barack Obama , who has been under pressure to show a strong response to the spill , said he was committed to standing by communities along the Gulf Coast well beyond when the well is closed . "  What is clear is that the battle to stop the oil flowing from into the Gulf is just about over . Our work goes on , though , " he said in Washington . The oil spill has n't just hurt BP 's bottom line -- it 's inflicted heavy blows on Gulf coast industries like tourism and fishing . A group of concerned St. Louis , Missouri , residents said they left on a caravan of support on Monday , spending money at small businesses along the Gulf Coast , using funds raised from around the country . The caravan is expected to travel through Mississippi , Alabama and the Florida panhandle , completing its trek on Friday . "  We 've learned of so many businesses in the Gulf region that are losing their customers , employees and dreams because of the impact on tourism , " organizer Dennis Gorg said in a statement . "  As a small business owner , I ca n't imagine how I 'd support the people who depend on me . We can do something . We can become tourists with a purpose . " The well erupted after an April 20 explosion aboard the drilling rig Deepwater Horizon that left 11 men dead . A temporary cap contained the spill on July 15 , and nearly 3,000 barrels of heavy drilling mud and cement drove the oil back into the ocean floor last week . The well gushed an estimated 53,000 barrels  2.3 million gallons  of oil per day before it was capped , with some of the oil ending up on beaches or in marshes . Fresh , green grass has begun growing again in some of the hardest-hit marshes of southern Louisiana , but oil continues to wash ashore in places . Allen said Monday responders will be "  redoubling " their efforts in the marshes . "  There 's a lot of clean-up working going on here , and that 's excellent , " Maura Wood of the National Wildlife Federation , told CNN last week . "  But the tide keeps coming and going each and every day . " CNN 's Terry Frieden , Eric Fiegel , Ed Lavandera and David Mattingly contributed to this report .	NEW : Obama says recovery work will continue beyond when the well is shut The Justice Department says it is "  pleased " with BP funding $ 3 billion in claims Adm. Allen says the relief well is nearing the main well for intercept and cementing Severe weather could hit the region this week
CNN  -- It 's been a very swift turn of events . Until a few days ago Bosco Ntaganda , wanted for war crimes and for crimes against humanity , was at large . Then , in a surprising move , the Congolese Army general and ex-rebel leader turned himself in at the U.S. Embassy in Rwanda after spending the past few months in hiding in North Kivu in the Democratic Republic of Congo  DRC  . For over six years , Ntaganda has been sought as a suspect for crimes under international law that include murder , rape and the use of child soldiers . On Tuesday he was in front of the judge at the International Criminal Court . Some of us at Amnesty International who work on the DRC were in The Hague to see the proceedings get under way . We arrived at the courtroom early . Ntaganda sat before the presiding judge of Pre-Trial Chamber II , accompanied by his defense counsel , which is being led by Hassane Bel-Lakhdar . ICC prosecutor Fatou Bensouda was across the courtroom . The public gallery 's 170 places were soon packed with members of the diplomatic corps , the press , representatives from several other NGOs , and various units of the court . We sat between representatives of the prosecution and the defense , following the trilingual hearing via simultaneous translation . Presiding Judge Ekaterina Trendafilova led the hearing in English , the defense counsel answered in French and Ntaganda replied in Kinyarwanda . The judge asked Ntaganda to confirm his identity , occupation and that he had been informed of the charges against him , as well as his rights as a defendant . "  Yes , I have been informed , " Ntaganda stated quietly . He affirmed he was born in Rwanda in 1973 and that he was a member of the military before his transfer to The Hague . From leader of an armed group to a general in the Congolese army , Ntaganda has appeared in eastern DRC in various incarnations over the years . He is famously known for wining and dining in restaurants frequented by United Nations staffers and international journalists . Despite an existing ICC arrest warrant , Ntaganda was promoted within the army in 2009 . Ntaganda was first named in an arrest warrant by the ICC more than six years ago . He faces charges for 10 counts of war crimes and crimes against humanity for crimes allegedly committed in DRC 's Ituri Province between 2002 and 2003 . But his decision to turn himself in on March 18 , and the exact reasons behind his "  self-referral , " remain unclear . Though neither the United States nor Rwanda are parties to the Rome Statute , which established the ICC , Amnesty International welcomes both states ' cooperation with the court in ensuring Ntaganda 's transfer to The Hague . In April 2012 , following mounting pressure from the Congolese authorities to arrest him , Ntaganda allegedly led a mutiny and created the M23 armed group . We have documented numerous human rights abuses by M23 fighters between March and September 2012 , including unlawful killings , forced recruitment of children and rape . This first court appearance of Ntaganda hopefully provides a glimmer of hope for victims who have long awaited an opportunity for justice for crimes committed in Ituri in 2002 and 2003 . In court , Ntaganda stated he did not believe the allegations against him . Before he could go any further , Judge Trendafilova politely interrupted him to state that this hearing was not meant to address questions of innocence or guilt , but was an initial appearance before the court . In his closing remarks , defence lawyer Bel-Lakhdar said he planned to request provisional release for his client , pending trial . Ntaganda will join Thomas Lubanga in prison , who was his former commander in the Patriotic Forces for the Liberation of Congo  FPLC  before Ntaganda went on to create M23 . Lubanga is currently serving a 14 year sentence after being convicted by the ICC last year . Ntaganda 's initial hearing marked the beginning of what may become a long process -- the next hearing is scheduled for September 23 , when it will be determined whether or not the case will proceed to trial . It is , however , just one step towards bringing justice to victims and building sustained security in eastern DRC . Ultimately , it remains the responsibility of the Congolese authorities to bring all suspected perpetrators of crimes against international human rights and humanitarian law to trial . The DRC government must fulfill the promise made by Congolese Minister of Information Lambert Mende to fully cooperate with the ICC during its investigations into crimes committed in North Kivu . They must also commit to apprehending Sylvestre Mudacumura , the military commander of the Democratic Forces for the Liberation of Rwanda  FDLR  , who has faced an ICC arrest warrant since July 2012 . However , the alleged crimes of these two individuals represent only a fraction of the human rights abuses committed in eastern DRC over the past two decades . It is up to the Congolese authorities to urgently rebuild the national justice system to ensure that justice and reparation are available for all victims , instead of relying solely on the ICC .	Congolese general Bosco Ntaganda appears at ICC for first hearing Ntaganda surprised world by turning himself in at U.S. Embassy in Rwanda on March 18 ICC issued an arrest warrant for Ntaganda in 2006 for his alleged role in crimes Congolese government called in April 2012 for Ntaganda 's arrest for war crimes
CNN  -- Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas said he will pursue a full United Nations membership bid during a speech Friday that was likely meant to both make the case for membership and manage domestic expectations . "  We are going to the United Nations to attain full membership " from the U.N. Security Council , Abbas told an audience in Ramallah , tempering his rhetoric by adding that "  we are not going to bring independence . Let 's not exaggerate . "  We will continue to negotiate , " he said . Abbas says he wants the Palestinian territories "  to be represented in its natural borders , " calling disputed territories inhabited by Israeli settlers "  illegal . " "  We want a seat at the United Nations , and we do n't want anything more , " Abbas said . He says Palestinian leadership does not seek to "  isolate the state of Israel , but rather isolate the policies of Israel , " saying he will head to the United Nations headquarters in New York "  carrying an olive branch with us . " Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , who is also expected to speak next Friday at the United Nations , has said the move could complicate the peace process and further destabilize the region . "  We have been calling all along for the Palestinians to return to negotiations , " said Israeli government spokesman Mark Regev . Regev called the issue of settlements "  a red herring " that he says Palestinian leaders have used to avoid talks with Israel , deciding to grandstand on the international stage instead of re-engaging in peace negotiations . Hamas , the Palestinian organization that holds sway in Gaza , also was critical of Abbas on Friday , saying he is showing a willingness to negotiate and acknowledgement of Israel , which would "  deprive the Palestinian people from their right to come back to their homeland . " "  We are warning him not to go , " said senior Hamas official Mahmoud al-Zahar . "  This is going to make more division inside the Palestinian people . " As regional pressure mounts over the prospective bid next week , U.S. diplomats have been scrambling to head off the burgeoning controversy , though some analysts suggest the decision to take the vote to the Security Council could reflect a political posturing by the Palestinian leader . Abbas concluded his speech Friday by acknowledging "  other options , " presumably referring to his government 's ability to weigh a host of decisions at the U.N. General Assembly next week , which may or may not include the full membership bid . "  As for the other options , we have not taken a decision , " he said . While the United States has vowed to veto a full membership application , should it actually come before the U.N. Security Council next Friday , the Palestinian government could also go to the General Assembly , where only a majority vote would be needed to gain a lesser status , that of a permanent observer state , similar to the position that the Vatican currently holds . A vote in its favor would be all but assured . The Palestinians currently hold the status of a permanent observer entity . As an observer , the delegation can speak in the General Assembly but not vote . A successful vote in either body will not lead to an established "  state " with defined borders , but would afford the Palestinian government an upgraded international status allowing them to pursue legal actions against Israel . Abbas is expected to personally submit the request for full membership . CNN 's Kevin Flower contributed to this report .	NEW : Hamas warns Abbas not to go to the United Nations Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is expected to speak at the U.N. Security Council Israel is calling on Palestinian leaders to return to peace talks , a spokesman says Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas presses for full U.N. membership
Washington  CNN  -- Just five days before the fifth anniversary of Hurricane Katrina 's devastating assault on the Gulf coast , millions of dollars are heading to public and private projects for Louisianans still trying to recover , two top Obama administration officials said at a news conference Tuesday . Department of Homeland Security  DHS  Secretary Janet Napolitano and Federal Emergency Management Agency Administrator Craig Fugate detailed how , courtesy of the federal disaster recovery fund established under the Stafford Act , seven projects in Louisiana will receive more than $ 26.8 million to contribute to the rebuilding process . In a statement released later Tuesday by the DHS , a grant of more than $ 1.6 million to a Mississippi project was added to the list . The latest projects are in addition to about $ 2.5 billion in funds the Obama administration has given to the region for renewal since President Barack Obama took office in January 2009 , Napolitano said . "  Over the past 20 months , this administration has cut bureaucratic red tape that had slowed recovery and expedited assistance across the Gulf Coast , " Napolitano said in a statement . "  We will continue to work with our federal , state and local , private sector , faith-based and nonprofit partners , as well as Gulf Coast residents , to ensure local communities have the assistance they need to rebuild the region stronger than ever . " According to the statement , the new projects include : In Orleans Parish , Louisiana : -- more than $ 11 million to rebuild the Xavier University student center -- more than $ 2.7 million for the Archdiocese of New Orleans St. Martin Manor Yellow Masonry Assisted Living Complex -- more than $ 2.5 million to help the archdiocese fix damaged classrooms at the Our Lady of Lourdes School In St. Tammany Parish , Louisiana : -- more than $ 1.4 million to rebuild the Salmen High School athletic department facilities In St. Bernard Parish , Louisiana : -- more than $ 5.1 million for sewer repairs In Cameron Parish , Louisiana : -- $ 3 million for a recreational center and gymnasium In Jefferson Parish , Louisiana : -- roughly $ 1.1 million to reconstruct 12 properties so they meet building codes regarding base elevation and flood safety In Hancock County , Mississippi : -- More than $ 1.6 million to upgrade Hancock North Central Elementary Fugate said the Jefferson Parish funding was related to damage from Hurricane Rita , rather than Katrina . Hurricane Katrina made landfall on the Louisiana coast on August 29 , 2005 . It was the costliest and one of the five deadliest hurricanes to ever strike the United States , according to the National Hurricane Center . "  Considering the scope of its impacts , Katrina was one of the most devastating natural disasters in United States history , " the hurricane center says . Hurricane Rita made landfall less than a month later , on September 24 , in extreme southwestern Louisiana near the Texas border , producing significant storm surge that devastated coastal communities in southwestern Louisiana , according to the hurricane center .	NEW : The federal government is sending more than $ 26.8 million to Louisiana to help with rebuilding projects NEW : A $ 1.6 million-plus project in Mississippi is also in the works NEW : The eight funded projects will help both public and private entities The money comes from a federal disaster recovery fund established by the Stafford Act
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- The Pakistani intelligence service has arrested a senior al Qaeda leader who sought to attack targets in the United States , Europe and Australia , the Pakistani military said Monday . The intelligence service arrested Younis al-Mauretani and two al Qaeda associates in the suburbs of Quetta , Pakistan , the military said in a statement . Osama bin Laden had asked al-Mauretani "  to focus on hitting targets of economic importance in United States of America , Europe and Australia , " with U.S. targets including gas and oil pipelines , dams and oil tankers , the statement said . Al-Mauretani was also involved in planning multiple attacks on European countries similar to those in Mumbai , India , in 2008 , European intelligence officials told CNN last year . The man at the center of the alleged al Qaeda plot , Afghan German Ahmed Sidiqui , was detained in July 2010 and told interrogators that al-Mauretani helped with planning and coordination . White House spokesman Josh Earnest hailed the arrest . Arrest another big blow for al Qaeda "  This is an example of the longstanding partnership between the U.S. and Pakistan in fighting terrorism , which has taken many terrorists off the battlefield over the past decade , " Earnest said in a statement . A U.S. National Security Council spokesman , Tommy Vietor , said the arrest dealt another blow to al Qaeda and added : "  We applaud the actions of Pakistan 's intelligence and security services that led to the capture " of a senior operative involved in planning attacks . News of the arrest comes six days before the 10th anniversary of al Qaeda 's attack on the United States , which killed nearly 3,000 people . It also comes as the United States and its allies have made major strides in its fight against al Qaeda . A secret U.S. military operation killed bin Laden on May 2 . The following month , U.S. officials say , a drone attack in Pakistan killed Ilyas Kashmiri , a senior figure in al Qaeda described as the organization 's "  military brain . " Kashmiri operated his own terrorist group , Harakat-ul-Jihad-Islami , or Movement for an Islamic Holy War . In August , an apparent U.S. drone strike killed al Qaeda 's second-in-command , Atiya Abdul Rahman , officials said . He had been bin Laden 's operations chief and was in charge of running daily operations for al Qaeda . However , the issue of combating terrorism also has strained U.S.-Pakistani relations over questions of autonomy and cooperation . In Pakistan , there is a backlash against the U.S. use of unmanned drones in attacks that have killed civilians , while U.S. officials complain of a lack of full support from the Pakistani government , particularly the intelligence service . They note that bin Laden had been living in Pakistan for years , purportedly undetected , before the U.S. mission that killed him . At the same time , the secret U.S. military raid deep inside Pakistan angered and embarrassed the Pakistani government . A senior U.S. counterterrorism official described al-Mauretani as a significant figure in the terror organization . "  This is one of al Qaeda 's key operatives , and getting him off the streets has been a top priority , " the official said . The official could not immediately confirm the arrest but said al-Mauretani has "  been active in planning attacks , and threats associated with him were partially responsible for the Europe travel alert that was issued last year . His capture would deal a major blow to the terrorist group 's activities , and would be another in a string of recent wins against al Qaeda . " A senior Pakistani official said al-Mauretani "  did not have any particular position in the hierarchy of al Qaeda , but he was head of external operations and was planning attacks perhaps also in Germany . " U.S. intelligence agencies provided "  technical assistance " in planning and conducting the operation , the Pakistani military statement said . Pakistan 's Inter-Services Intelligence has a "  strong , historic intelligence relationship " with the U.S. agencies , it added , and the two nations continue to cooperate to enhance security . That cooperation has resulted in the prevention of a "  number of high-profile terrorist acts , " not only in Pakistan and the United States but elsewhere in the world , the military statement said . While the U.S. provided "  technical leads , " there were no American troops on the ground in the raid , which the Pakistani intelligence service conducted , the senior Pakistani official said . Al-Mauretani is in Pakistani custody , the official said , and may eventually be handed over to authorities in his native Mauritania . Defense Secretary Leon Panetta has said the United States "  is within reach of strategically defeating al Qaeda . " "  I think we have them on the run . I think now is the moment , now is the moment following what happened with bin Laden to put maximum pressure on them because I do believe that if we continue this effect that we really can cripple al Qaeda as a threat to this country , " Panetta said in July . CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh , Paul Cruickshank and Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	NEW : The White House and the National Security Council hail the arrest U.S. official : Al Qaeda arrest a major blow to the terrorist group 's activities Al Qaeda 's Younis al-Mauretani is seized in the suburbs of Quetta , Pakistan He took orders from Osama bin Laden personally , the Pakistanis say
CNN  -- Algeria 's government declared an end to a nearly two-decade state of emergency Tuesday , its state news agency announced , lifting restrictions on freedom of speech and assembly imposed to combat an Islamist insurgency . The country 's Council of Ministers approved the repeal Tuesday , the state-run Algeria Press Service reported . "  The draft ordinance will come into force upon its imminent publication in the Official Journal , " the council said in a statement carried by the agency . The move comes as Algeria , like other Arab nations , faces a wave of protest that has toppled regimes in Egypt and Tunisia and led to open revolt in against longtime strongman Moammar Gadhafi in neighboring Libya . Algerian President Abdelaziz Bouteflika announced this month that he would soon lift the emergency declaration , first imposed in 1992 and indefinitely renewed in 1993 . The emergency declaration was part of a clampdown on Islamist movements during a civil war that left more than 150,000 dead . But critics say the insurgency has long since diminished , and the law remained only to muzzle critics of the government . Bouteflika 's National Liberation Front has ruled the country since winning indepdendence from France in 1962 , and Bouteflika has been in office since 1999 . U.S. analysts say Algeria faces some of the same problems that fueled uprisings in Tunisia and Egypt -- high rates of unemployment and a stagnant economy in particular . Protests over food prices began in January but quickly led to calls for political reform . On Sunday , anti-government protesters chanted , "  The people demand the fall of the regime , " and clashed with police and pro-government demonstrators , opposition leaders said . The country 's long-running clampdown began in 1991 when an Islamist party led early balloting in Algeria 's first multiparty parliamentary elections . The military stepped in , canceled the second round of voting and launched a campaign against the Islamists that led to a full-scale insurgency , which effectively ended about a decade later . Human Rights Watch says Algeria 's government controls state broadcast outlets and sharply restricts private newspapers , with journalists facing prosecution for criticism of public officials . It says police also harass human rights activists who have campaigned for accountability for people killed or "  forcibly disappeared " during the insurgency . CNN 's Caroline Faraj contributed to this report .	The decree has limited Algerian freedoms for 19 years Algeria , like other countries in the region , faces a wave of unrest The government pledged to lift the emergency decree in early February
Hong Kong  CNN  Cathay Pacific was forced to cancel a scheduled flight from London to Hong Kong after one of the pilots was arrested after trying to board the airliner with knives in his luggage . The pilot , who has not been identified , was stopped during security checks as the flight prepared to depart on Saturday night , the Metropolitan Police said in a statement Monday . "  At around 21:10 hours police at Heathrow Airport were called to a staff search area . "  Officers attended and subsequently the member of flight crew , a man , was arrested on suspicion of possession of an offensive weapon in a public place and possession of a knife blade / sharp pointed article in a public place . " He was then taken into custody at a local police station where he was later bailed and ordered to return in May pending an investigation , the police statement added . Cathay Pacific , which is headquartered in Hong Kong , told CNN in an email that it would cooperate with authorities , but that it was unable to provide further details as the incident is being investigated by police . It apologized to the 262 people on board Flight CX254 , which eventually departed on Sunday , adding that it assisted passengers with overnight accommodation in London and alternative flight arrangements . Passengers were forced to wait in the seats on board the Boeing 777 for more than two hours before the service was canceled . "  They just told us there were crew issues . The captain said ` apologies for everything that has happened ' . He said they tried to get another pilot but they could n't get there on time , " one passenger on the flight told the Hong Kong-based South China Morning Post .	Pilot stopped during security checks as the flight prepared to depart on Saturday night Cathay Pacific runs regular flights between its Hong Kong hub and London The male pilot has been bailed pending an investigation
CNN  -- Filipino authorities sought to calm panic unleashed among some residents after a hoax text message warned that radiation from Japan may affect the Philippines . Concerns persist about nuclear reactors in Japan in the wake of a magnitude-9 .0 quake and subsequent tsunami that struck the nation Friday . But "  there is no immediate danger of nuclear radiation in the Philippines , " the nation 's Department of Science and Technology said in a statement Monday . The text message , which appeared to be a news flash from the BBC , spread like wildfire on Monday . It said that the Japanese government had confirmed a radiation leak at nuclear plants in Fukushima Prefecture and that "  Asian countries should take necessary precautions . " It went on to warn that radiation may begin hitting the Philippines by Monday afternoon and instructed people to stay indoors and apply Betadine , an over-the-counter topical iodine-based antiseptic , on their neck area where their thyroid gland is located . The message also warned against being in the rain , telling recipients to use an umbrella or raincoat "  even if it 's only a drizzle . " It was not immediately clear how many people received the message . Although some Filipinos dismissed it as a hoax immediately , others rushed to drugstores in search of Betadine . The message also spread to some Filipinos living abroad , who became concerned about their relatives back home . "  I contacted my family , telling them not to go out , not to go anywhere , " said Rowena Acquino , a Philippines expatriate in Jakarta , Indonesia . "  The one who spread that news should be punished . " In its advisory , the Department of Science and Technology warned against believing in "  hoax messages " and "  rumors . " "  The advice circulating that people should stay indoors and wear raincoats if they go outdoors has no basis and did not come from the DOST or the National Disaster Risk Reduction Management Center , " the statement said . It asked Filipinos to stop forwarding the message "  so as not to sow panic among our people . " "  It was an irresponsible thing to do , considering the anxiety and panic that it can cause the public , " said Lyndon Daz , a resident of the Philippine capital , Manila . But , like many , Daz said he is still concerned . "  We know the dangers that this can cause when the spread of it and containment is unabated , " he said . "  I am not quite certain that the Philippines is distantly safe from the radiation effects of the Fukushima power plant . " Hoax text messages , warning of impending disasters and often quoting reputable news organizations like the BBC or even CNN , are not uncommon in the Philippines or Indonesia . Some Indonesians also received the message on their mobile phones , on their BlackBerries and on social networking sites like Facebook , Indonesian executive Manda Azhairie said . "  It 's unfortunate that there are irresponsible people who take advantage of other people 's misfortunes , " she said .	Messages said radiation from Japanese plants may spread Recipients were warned to stay indoors , apply antiseptic to necks Authorities say there is no immediate radiation danger in the Philippines
CNN  -- Is there a worse city in the world to be marked out as a tourist ? Maybe , but we have n't been sneered at by a waiter there yet . But you do n't have to be the bumbling out of towner . Stick to a few rules  actually 11  and you 'll fit right in . 1 . Bone up on the latest films and exhibitions Dinner chat in Paris is dominated by culture and opinions , so read Le Monde or Libration for the latest . Le Monde comes out around 3 p.m. , so you can easily grab a copy and read the headlines en route to le diner -- nobody will pay that much attention to what you say , anyway , before interrupting . In October , you can join the strutting vernissage  opening night  of the FIAC , a contemporary art fair and annual glam gathering . In the celluloid division , be sure to mention seeing an obscure independent film at the slick MK2 Bibliothque  French site only  . 2 . Sort out the coffee minefield -- fast Always drink a Parisian espresso after lunch or dinner , never white coffee , ordering simply "  un caf " to designate the little black one . For breakfast , do n't ask for soupy caf au lait , but rather the stronger crme , petit or grand . A noisette  macchiato  is also standard . Unless you 're in or near one of the top patisseries , croissants in cafs are often tasteless sponges . But as a Parisian you should be whippet thin , anyway , and rarely in need of bread products . To really do the coffee thing right , sit for a few hours over a black coffee , moodily flicking through a paperback or Le Monde , though in reality people-watching from behind your Ray-Bans . 3 . Treat waiters as equals Parisian waiters are professionals , not students or unemployed actors , and they expect to be treated with respect . Bark your order , make a smart insider joke  reference latest political scandal  and drop a few coins before you sweep onward . 4 . Stand up to civil servants Develop a snippy attitude toward any fonctionnaire  civil servant  , who are notoriously tough , even obstructive , nuts in France . Do n't be cowed -- keep the upper hand by using an assertive , informed tone . The fonctionnaire revels in the power they wield from desks on which a bottle of mineral water is firmly planted -- they believe it makes them lose weight . Their jobs are for life , and resignation is unheard of . 5 . How to dress -- women Wear primarily black , keeping a casual , just out of the sheets look by day and a more primed , predatory look by night . Accessories are key so invest heavily in shoes and watches . Perfumes follow , preferably something ethereally obscure from Dipthyque or L'Artisan Parfumeur . Kit yourself out at Merci  111 boulevard Beaumarchais , +33 01 42 77 00 33  , the cult concept store near the Bastille , or at the style emporium Colette in the rue Saint Honor  No. 213 ; +33 1 55 35 33 90  . Adopt a younger lover for illicit coffees in the romantic backstreets of the Left Bank , and use a Vlib  hired bike  to get around , no helmet of course . 6 . How to dress -- men Like the iconic existentialist pinup , Albert Camus , turn up your  black  coat or jacket collar , stick a Gauloise in your mouth and puff away -- or pretend to . Smoking is still cool and even in deep midwinter pavement caf heaters cater to the inveterate nicotine fiend , environment be damned . Serge Gainsbourg is another defunct role model , a poetic , rock 'n' roll rou who managed to sing with a cigarette drooping from his lower lip and stiff drink in hand . The Parisian celeb not to model yourself on is Johnny Hallyday , a perma-tanned crooner of beyond pensionable age . 7 . Shun the suburbs Only stay intramuros No respectable Parisian lives outside the city , as the very word banlieue  suburb  brings shivers to their stylish souls . The faubourgs , once looked down upon as too prolo  proletarian  , are now considered ultra-hip , with more space at less cost . If you decide on an extended stay , first-floor apartments with high ceilings are tops , though a fifth floor walk-up is perfectly acceptable . Kitchens are n't important , as you always eat out . 8 . Learn to be a flneur , i.e. stroll aimlessly You need no specific goal to your day , just cruise the boulevards , bookshops and cafs or drape an arm around your girl/boyfriend on the banks of the Seine . In summer , stretch out on the sand of Paris Plages to show off your toned body and ogle others . Never stroll along the Champs Elyses , which is only for non-Parisians and people eyeing up big cars . Favored "  bo bo "  bourgeois bohemian  ambling areas are the Marais , Canal Saint Martin and Rpublique . The Left Bank 's Saint Michel is for students and tourists , while Saint Germain is for aging artists and moneyed "  intellos "  intellectuals  ,  la Bernard-Henri Lvy . 9 . Get something going on the side You may not be in town long enough to pull it off , but attitudes toward sex are liberal in the extreme , so you might follow the example of Parisians who commonly have lovers . Women generally cultivate younger or married men -- the expression "  de cinq  sept "  from 5 to 7 p.m.  refers to such after-work activities . President Francois Mitterrand had a mistress holed up with their love-child in an official apartment for years . Jacques Chirac was known for a string of affairs , while even bland Franois Hollande doubled up on the mother of his children . Nicolas Sarkozy was so smitten with Carla Bruni he may have been the only Parisian without a lover . 10 . Develop an utter disdain for money For Parisians money is n't a topic for discussion . Never compare salaries or even refer to the exorbitant cost of a restaurant . It 's bad form to check a bill -- although it 's sometimes rewarding . It 's worth cultivating the matre d'htel of a grand brasserie to be sycophantically swept to your favorite table on arrival . That 's when you know you 're a true Parisian . 11 . Learn French Nobody will really accept you , of course , unless you speak la langue de Molire . Once you have the basics , sprinkle them liberally with English words such as "  cool , " "  look "  as in a style  , "  weekend , " "  design " and "  trench "  not warfare , but a belted raincoat  . Remember that the innate sense of "  les Anglo-Saxons "  a catchphrase for the U.S. and UK  is negative , while "  perfide Albion "  treacherous England  crops up regularly . Parisians nonetheless show a grudging respect for American culture and history , particularly given that the Yankees broke away from perfide Albion . Now resident in London , freelance travel writer Fiona Dunlop spent 18 years living in Paris .	Writer who lived in French capital for almost 20 years reveals how to fit in Sort out the coffee minefield -- fast Learn to stroll aimlessly Never check a restaurant bill -- not when anyone 's looking , anyway
CNN  -- Under President Obama , the United States of America has deported about 400,000 undocumented immigrants each year . That 's an average of 1,100 people , including moms and dads and children , per day . These are people who are in the United States largely because our businesses lure -- and rely on -- many of them to do the unskilled jobs Americans do n't want to do . They are people who have come to the United States as generations came before , to feed their families and fulfill a dream . And we 're kicking them out . Every day , in busloads . This weekend , thousands of undocumented immigrants and their allies took to the streets of Washington and communities across the country to demand that President Obama put an end to reckless and rampant deportations in America . "  Not one more , " the marchers chanted . There are literally 11 million-plus reasons to stop deportations in the United States -- 11 million undocumented immigrants at risk of deportation every day . There is also the collateral damage done to their citizen families who do n't want their lives torn apart and to their co-workers , employers and community members . So what are the reasons not to stop our abysmal , extreme rate of deportations ? There are basically three . First , anti-immigrant activists insist that the people being deported are dangerous criminals -- and that they should be deported faster and at even higher rates . Yet Monday , The New York Times released an analysis of government records revealing that of the nearly 2 million people deported since President Obama took office , two-thirds had no criminal record whatsoever or had committed only minor infractions , such as traffic violations . Sure , on a technical level anyone in the United States without official permission has broken the law . But let 's not over-dramatize the reality . Technically , everyone who has ever driven above the speed limit or jaywalked has also broken the law . And many undocumented immigrants in the United States originally arrived with authorized work or travel visas and simply stayed in the country past the expiration date of their paperwork . This is the great "  crime " that anti-immigrant activists insist all undocumented immigrants have committed , asserting that folks should instead "  get in line . " But the line is broken . Decades ago , it simply was easier for aspiring Americans to get green cards or visas for family members : The United States let more people in and made it easier for immigrants already here to bring along their families . Today , those "  lines " are longer and harder to get into . And yet the economic need for immigrants , not to mention America 's cultural imperative for inclusion and diversity , is unyielding . Our policies have simply not kept up . The second argument against stopping deportations is a tactical one , made especially by the White House in arguing that it needs to show toughness in immigration enforcement to increase its hand in pushing for comprehensive reform . But the fact is that even though President Obama 's administration has deported more immigrants than any president before him , many Republicans still argue it is n't enough and backed off on their recent support of immigration reform , claiming they could n't trust President Obama to implement any law if passed . If a record rate of deportation against undocumented immigrants with only the most minor of offenses has been insufficient to bring Republicans to the bargaining table , perhaps now the White House will finally realize that its self-destructive capitulation wo n't yield rational behavior on the part of Republicans . Today 's Republicans seem perpetually willing to alienate increasingly vital Latino voters -- and even big business interests who favor immigration reform -- in favor of continuing to placate their loyal , but dying , old , white and socially narrow-minded voting base . The final argument against stopping deportations is that President Obama does n't have the legal authority to do so . He does . Everyone from top constitutional lawers to The New York Times editorial board agree the President is well within his authority to determine how immigration enforcement resources are prioritized and deployed . And President Obama has already used his executive authority to grant temporary deportation relief to undocumented immigrants brought to America by their parents when they were young , so-called DREAMers who grew up in the United States and yet legally ca n't find a place in the only nation they 've ever called home . What President Obama did for DREAMers is wonderful ; now many of these kids can get in-state tuition or federal loans for college and go on to get good jobs as teachers and engineers our nation needs . But to only use his authority to grant relief for these most-sympathetic of immigrants would reflect the sort of political risk aversion that has so often typified our 44th president . The White House indeed has said it is using its executive discretion to only deport those immigrants with dangerous criminal records . As The New York Times reported , this is simply not true . Of the nearly 2 million immigrants the Obama administration has deported -- a milestone we 're expected to hit any day -- at least 1.6 million of those deported were for minor offenses like traffic violations . In other words , overwhelmingly , we 're not kicking violent offenders out of the country but moms and dads and hardworking aspiring Americans who got parking tickets and now are being ripped away from their families . The White House could legitimately and wisely reprioritize those law enforcement resources to investigate unsolved murders or sexual assaults or prevent terrorism or mass shootings . The arguments against stopping deportations are weak at best and getting weaker every day . We need comprehensive immigration reform in the United States to finally fix our broken immigration system and create a path to citizenship for undocumented Americans . But until Republicans are willing to do the right thing by immigrants , our economy and our nation 's values , President Obama can and must stop the excessive deportations under his watch . Not one more .	Sally Kohn : Under Obama administration , some 400,000 immigrants a year deported She says majority deported had no criminal record , families torn by deportations She says GOP immigration reform efforts a ruse ; party obstructs fix to broken system Kohn : Obama must use executive discretion to halt rampant deportations
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Security camera video obtained by CNN shows the tension between Jackson family members amid a very public dispute over the whereabouts of Katherine Jackson . The 82-year-old matriarch of the Jackson music dynasty has not contacted Michael Jackson 's three children since she left the home she shares with them on July 15 , although a sheriff 's investigation concluded she is safe in Arizona . Siblings Janet , Jermaine and Randy Jackson attempted to convince Michael Jackson 's two oldest children to leave Katherine Jackson 's home with them Monday , but Paris and Prince resisted , three sources with knowledge of the incident said . The sources asked not to be identified because of the sensitivity of the matter . The Jackson strife : Family bickers over whereabouts of Michael 's mom The video shows Janet Jackson apparently trying to take a cell phone away from Paris Jackson at the Calabasas , California , home . She scolded her niece for using her phone to write about family issues on Twitter , according to the three sources . Paris , Michael Jackson 's 14-year-old daughter , posted a Twitter message at about the same time : "  got ta love fam . " Prince , 15 , is seen walking away from his Uncle Randy into the home 's security office . Paris soon followed . Randy and Janet Jackson appeared to be recording the incident with their cell phones . Sheriff deputies broke up a scuffle minutes later involving Randy and Jermaine Jackson and their cousin Trent Jackson , who works for their mother , according to several people who witnessed it . No one was arrested , although a battery report was taken and an investigation is ongoing , Los Angeles County sheriff 's spokesman Steve Whitmore said . The drama happened as Los Angeles County sheriff 's detectives closed a missing persons case opened for Katherine Jackson , who was found to be with her daughter Rebbie in Arizona . "  Katherine Jackson has been located and she is fine and with family , " Whitmore said . "  Our missing persons case is closed . " Deputies talked to two family members and were satisfied , he explained . A lawyer for Katherine Jackson , however , was not satisfied , saying the sheriff 's deputies who tried to talk to her in Arizona Monday were blocked from seeing her . Because she was taken across state lines , Katherine Jackson attorney Sandra Ribera said she hopes the FBI will investigate . Jermaine Jackson , in a statement posted on Twitter Sunday night , said his mother "  is safe and well in Arizona with her daughter and our sister , Rebbie , resting up on doctor 's advice . " But Michael Jackson 's three children still have not heard from their grandmother , eight days after she left them at home , Ribera said . "  8 days and counting . something is really off , this is n't like her at all . . i wan na talk directly to my grandmother !! < | 3 " Paris tweeted Monday . Jermaine Jackson 's statement insisted the children were not "  being ` blocked ' from speaking with Mother . " "  She is merely an 82-year-old woman following doctor 's orders to rest up and de-stress , away from phones and computers , " he tweeted . His statement did not explain why Paris was rebuffed during several attempts to reach her grandmother on the phone . It is the latest chapter in a messy dispute between several of Jackson 's children and her advisers . Whitmore confirmed that the sheriff 's department is investigating allegations that Jackson was being "  emotionally and financially mistreated by family members . " Katherine Jackson has custody of Michael Jackson 's children and a 20 % share in her son 's huge estate . Her husband , Joe Jackson , and her eight surviving children were completely left out of Michael Jackson 's will . Jackson died in 2009 . Michael Jackson 's siblings attack estate executors The abuse probe began when "  a business associate of the Jackson family " reported the allegation to a sheriff 's official in April , Whitmore said . "  Investigators contacted Katherine Jackson and she emphatically denied any and all of  the allegations  , " Whitmore said . When investigators met with Jackson , she was "  in good health and voiced no complaints , " he said . "  Out of an abundance of caution , we have continued to interview legal representatives of the family about the possibility of financial abuses , " he said . "  That investigation remains open . " Katherine Jackson 's lawyer and business manager declined to comment .	Janet , Jermaine and Randy Jackson attempted to convince Paris and Prince to leave with them , sources say Sheriff 's deputies broke up a fight involving Randy and Jermaine Jackson and their cousin Trent Jackson The video shows Janet Jackson trying to take a cell phone away from Paris Paris tweets "  got ta love fam "
Cairo  CNN  -- Egyptian police trying to clamp down on demonstrations against President Hosni Mubarak early this year were told to use tear gas , but not automatic weapons or live ammunition , a senior Egyptian police official testified Monday at Mubarak 's trial . General Hussein Saeed Mohamed Mursi was one of several senior police officials due to testify Monday . During his testimony , prosecutors attempted to cast doubt on Mursi 's credibility , as he was in charge of communication between police forces on the ground . According to testimony , police were ordered to use police vehicles to disperse protesters , Egyptian state television reported . The judge was forced to halt proceedings several times due to chaos in the courtroom , according to Egyptian state TV . Confrontations between Mubarak 's lawyers and the prosecution caused the chaos , victims ' lawyer Amir Salim said on television . The bickering started when Mubarak 's lawyers raised a picture of the deposed president , infuriating the victims ' lawyers , the station said . Mubarak is charged with ordering the killing of protesters to quash the uprising in February that brought about an end to his 30-year rule . He faces a possible death penalty if convicted . Outside the courtroom , clashes broke out between police and families of those killed in the uprising that led to Mubarak 's ouster . At least 22 people were arrested and 26 people were injured -- 14 police officers and 12 protesters -- according to the Interior Ministry and the Health Ministry . "  The policemen are beating us to please their commanding officers , " said Amal Eid , sister of a teenager allegedly killed by police on January 29 . "  They do n't care about us or why we are even here . Nothing has changed . " Another man , Mohamed Yaseen , tried unsuccessfully to push his way inside court . "  There is no real revolution without bearing arms , " he shouted . The clashes began when the families of those killed tried to push their way into Cairo 's police academy , the site of the trial . Police used batons to beat them back . The family members , in turn , threw rocks and guard railings at the officers . Police chased the protesters and family members , beating some and arresting others . After the melee , riot police circled the entrance of the court and cut off access . A similar scene played out in August during a court appearance by Mubarak . The trial resumed after a nearly three-week recess ordered by Judge Ahmed Refaat in part to give officials time to review evidence in the case . Mubarak was wheeled into court on a gurney , flanked by nurses . It was his third appearance before Refaat , who ordered the trial closed in August -- a ruling partially imposed to protect potential witnesses . Egyptians got a glimpse of an ailing Mubarak during pre-trial hearings in August when he was wheeled into court on a hospital gurney and put in an iron cage -- a standard procedure in Egyptian criminal trials . Former Interior Minister Habib El Adly , a member of Mubarak 's inner circle , is being tried alongside the former president on similar charges . Attorneys for El Adly petitioned the judge Monday to separate the cases . About 840 people died and more than 6,000 were wounded in the 18 days of uprising that toppled Mubarak , according to Amnesty International . In addition to accusations of ordering the killing of protesters , Mubarak faces corruption charges . He has pleaded not guilty to the charges . Also expected to appear Monday with Mubarak were his two sons , Alaa and Gamal . The two face corruption charges . They also have pleaded not guilty . The elder Mubarak is the first leader since this year 's Arab Spring revolts to face a judge . Tunisian President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali was tried in absentia after he was deposed in January and fled to Saudi Arabia . Meanwhile , Cairo 's district courts have indicated they are considering filing individual charges against Mubarak for every person killed by his forces in the uprising . CNN 's Salma Abdelaziz contributed to this report .	Official : Police were told to use tear gas , not live ammunition or automatic weapons The judge repeatedly clears the court due to bickering between lawyers , state TV says Major clashes break out between police and protesters Hosni Mubarak faces a possible death penalty if convicted
Tulsa , Oklahoma  CNN  -- Police are investigating whether the shootings of five African-Americans in Tulsa , Oklahoma , were a hate crime after the weekend arrests of two white suspects in the case , local authorities said Sunday . Jake England , 19 , and Alvin Watts , 32 , are scheduled to be arraigned Monday morning . Tulsa police arrested them early Sunday after a series of tips that led investigators to England 's burned pickup , a vehicle that matched a description reported at the crime scenes , according to their arrest reports . The shootings left three dead and two wounded . Both suspects are charged with three counts of murder and two counts of shooting with intent to kill , police said . "  We 're going to explore any possible motives , " Police Chief Chuck Jordan told reporters Sunday afternoon . But he said the investigation was still going on , and Jim Finch , the head of the FBI 's Oklahoma office , said Sunday that it was "  premature " to talk about hate crimes . "  We have yet to analyze all the information to understand the motivations of these subjects in this case , " Finch said . England had written a racial slur on his Facebook page in a post marking the anniversary of his father 's 2010 killing . But the entry also noted his girlfriend 's recent suicide , and a man at England 's home told CNN , "  You do n't know what this family 's been through . " The shootings began about 1 a.m. Friday in predominantly black neighborhoods in north Tulsa . The first victim , 49-year-old Dannaer Fields , died at a hospital . Two others were shot just three minutes later , but survived and were released from the hospital Sunday , Jordan said . Another person was shot and killed about 2 a.m. , while the third victim was found around 8 a.m. next to a funeral home . Jordan identified the other two victims as William Allen and Bobby Clark . Investigators have found a weapon they believe was involved the case , said Tulsa Police Maj. Walter Evans , who led the task force assembled to probe the shootings . But he said investigators did not yet know which of the suspects may have fired the fatal shots . Nor was the relationship between England and Watts clear Sunday . Evans said they were not related , describing them only as "  associates . " Police put out an appeal for tips over the weekend , and there was an "  outpouring " after a Saturday afternoon news conference , Evans said . Those tips led to England , with one reporting that he was planning to burn a white pickup truck that had been identified at the shooting scenes , according to the arrest reports . Police found the burned vehicle , registered to England , on Saturday evening , leading them to put him under surveillance and get warrants to arrest him and search his home . England and Watts were arrested a few blocks away from England 's residence shortly before 2 a.m. Sunday , according to the reports . "  In my 23 years of law enforcement , I do n't think I 've ever seen any crime as heinous as this , " Evans said . "  But at the same time , I do n't think I 've seen such an outpouring of support and cooperation from the community . " Police reports listed the same address for England and Watts , a home in a rural area on the northern outskirts of Tulsa . An arriving couple who identified themselves only as England 's relatives said England 's father had been shot to death in April 2010 , and England had been left to care for his 6-month-old child after his girlfriend shot and killed herself in front of him a few months ago . "  His mind could n't take it anymore , I guess , " the man who called himself England 's uncle told CNN , adding , "  I guess it just snapped his mind . " Earlier , others at the home hurled abuse at a CNN crew that approached the driveway . One of England 's neighbors , 83-year-old Synita Bowers , said England "  is a very nice young man , very well mannered . "  He would help me over here , " Bowers said . "  When his dogs turn over my trash cans , he comes and cleans it up -- very nice young man . " But on England 's Facebook page , a friend warned him not to "  do anything stupid " after a Friday night message that read "  It just mite be the time to call it quits . " "  I hate to say it like that but I 'm done if something does happen tonite be ready for another funeral later , " England wrote . And on Thursday afternoon , he noted that it was the second anniversary of his father 's death "  at the hands of a f *** ing nigger . " "  It 's hard not to go off between that and sheran I 'm gone in the head , " he wrote , referring to his girlfriend . The Facebook page was taken down Sunday afternoon . Authorities would not comment Sunday on any possible link between Friday 's shootings and the death of England 's father . "  When five black people appear to be shot by a white person , then the immediate reaction is there is a racial component , " Tulsa Mayor Dewey Bartlett told CNN . "  If that 's how the prosecution comes out , we certainly support and will help in any manner , shape or form to bring an end to that point of view . " About 30 representatives from four law enforcement agencies -- the Tulsa police , Tulsa County Sheriff 's Office , the U.S. Marshals Service and the FBI -- had been working around the clock looking for those responsible for the shootings . News of the arrests came as a relief to residents , many of whom had changed their daily habits since the shooting . "  A lot of people in my community were afraid that they could n't go outside . They did n't know if they could even go to church , did n't know if they could go to the grocery store , " City Councilman Jack Henderson said . Now , he said , Tulsans "  can feel they are safe " -- and he said he hoped the cooperation they gave police could encourage others to come forward with information on other still-unsolved killings . "  I get a feeling from my community that there 's going to be a better relationship with the Police Department , " he said . "  The Police Department has shown they can solve crimes , they can solve them fast . " CNN 's Ross Levitt , Randi Kaye , Maria P. White , Nick Valencia and Don Lemon contributed to this report .	"  We 're going to explore any possible motives , " police chief says A police appeal led to an "  outpouring " of tips from the public , detective says The two men arrested in the shootings face arraignment Monday morning "  It just mite be the time to call it quits , " one suspect posted to Facebook on Friday
CNN  -- I 'm starting to lose patience . It 's not like the guy does n't understand communication . Actor Ashton Kutcher has 11 million Twitter followers and nearly 13 million Facebook fans . Maybe he just forgot to put a stamp on the letter he should 've written to America , saying , "  I 'm sorry I painted myself up in brown-face and spoke in a mock Indian accent in order to sell potato chips . I understand the serious impact this has on society , and I 'm trying to undo the damage I 've caused . " It 's been nearly two months since Kutcher 's offensive commercial -- disguised as a dating video -- for popchips , a snack food company , appeared on YouTube , showing him as "  Raj , " a Bollywood producer .  In it , he also plays a hippie , a fashionista and a biker .  And while the ad has been removed , and popchips CEO Keith Belling has issued a predictable "  we did not intend to offend anyone " apology buried on the company 's blog , Kutcher has gotten away scot-free . As the Internet buzzed over the gaffe last month , Kutcher was posting links on how to "  pull out a tooth with a rocket " and "  80s Cartoon Beats by DJ Tee . " Today , Kutcher 's Twitter and Facebook accounts still link to the original popchips video , while the company 's website prominently features him as its "  president of pop . " I work at a civil rights organization located two blocks from popchips ' San Francisco headquarters . Walking to the office every morning on Montgomery Avenue , I am assaulted by Kutcher 's 15-foot tall ads for popchips . Seeing his relaxed , smiling , "  never baked but perfect if you are " face , I am reminded that the controversy has not scratched his reputation or earning power . Many of you may be thinking , get over it ! It was just a joke ! Why do you have to take this so seriously ? History can tell us why . In 1961 , actor Mickey Rooney taped his eyes , wore buckteeth and spoke in a mock Japanese accent in order to take on the role of a bumbling landlord , Mr. Yunioshi , in "  Breakfast at Tiffany 's . " Hilarious ? Well , this was just 15 years after the closure of the last of the Japanese American World War II internment camps , which incarcerated 120,000 innocent people of Japanese descent , two-thirds of whom were U.S. citizens . Up until the 1960s , white entertainers were still painting their faces black and their lips bright red in order to play the roles of hapless houseboys or eager-to-please mammies . These minstrel shows amused generations of audiences with their grotesque exaggerations of stereotypes and reinforcement of crippling Jim Crow laws , which upheld a separate and very unequal society in the South for nearly a century after the Civil War . Kutcher 's brown-face ad comes at a time when South Asian Americans , along with Arab , Middle Eastern and Muslim Americans , have been subjected to more than a decade of post-9 / 11 racial and religious bullying , profiling and hate crimes . Need I go on ? Unfortunately , there is no shortage of examples . But Mr. Kutcher , do n't feel helpless , because here 's what you can do : 1 . Apologize . Just do it . C'mon , you apologized  and took a Twitter leave of absence !  for lamenting the firing of Penn State coach Joe Paterno . For an example of a truly excellent I-take-responsibility-for-my-actions apology , look to actor Jason Alexander  George Costanza on "  Seinfeld "  , who apologized on June 3 for calling cricket a "  gay " sport two days earlier . 2 . Work with people who make you better . You are in the enviable position of being rich and famous , so you have more flexibility than others in choosing whose money you take . Do some research on the companies you work with before accepting their paychecks . Do they advocate the causes you claim to support ? 3 . Invest in solutions . We may never know the total cost of the damage your popchips ad inflicted on society . But there are ways to curb it . Invest your time and money into educating the public about Indian Americans , Asian Americans and other ethnic groups , and support solutions that promote the equality and dignity of all people . If you can do those three things , I promise you , it wo n't just be me smiling the next time I walk up Montgomery Street .	Kutcher played Indian movie producer in ad for popchips Kutcher 's Twitter and Facebook accounts still link to video He is popchips ' "  president of pop " Liu points to history of racist minstrel shows
CNN  -- It was a year ago that 13-year-old Jon Carmichael committed suicide , hanging himself in a barn near his home in Cleburne , Texas . Monday , on the anniversary of his death , his parents , Jon Timothy and Tami Carmichael , filed a $ 20 million federal lawsuit against several officials at the school Jon attended , alleging they deliberately turned a blind eye to the bullying of their son , prompting his death . In the lawsuit , documents state that staff and students at The Joshua Independent School District observed several explicit acts of bullying , including Jon being thrown into a trash can "  easily a few times a week , " but did nothing to stop it . "  He was placed upside down in a toilet bowl , and had his head flushed several times , at each occasion . These acts were observed by other students who failed to report the incident , " the documents said . "  Just prior to his death he was stripped nude , tied up and again placed into a trashcan . " The lawsuit states that event was taped and put on YouTube , but was taken down "  at the direction of an unknown staff member , who also failed to report the incident . " Carmichael family attorney Martin J. Cirkiel said the family 's goal in issuing the lawsuit is to educate . "  On the human level , the family wants what every family wants when they come to me in these kind of cases . They want to make sure it does n't happen to someone else . " Cirkiel said the family would like to see a program developed in their son 's name and to be able to open a trust fund for kids who need it who are being bullied . "  They want to increase planning and education , " he said . Joshua Independent School District Superintendent Ray Dane said he had n't seen the lawsuit and could not comment , but that the school has had teaching mechanisms on bullying in place for at least the duration of his 12-year tenure there . "  We do what we can to train and remind students and staff that bullying is something we always have to be aware of , " he said . "  We 've even got a student-led program where students lead other students about bullying and teaching them about our differences . " Additionally , the district has implemented a new anonymous reporting system called "  Talk About It " -- a way for secondary students to report bullying without feeling pressure to attach their names . The program began last year at the middle school and expanded to the high school this year , Dane said . The lawsuit acknowledges the school 's rules of conduct but says it failed . "  Even though the district ostensibly had a policy in place to deal with known incidents of bullying and harassment , school district personnel clearly had an actual practice and custom of looking the other way , " it states . Dane said the climate in the Joshua school halls is overall very positive and sensitive to bullying issues . "  I would say that we 've never had many reports of bullying in the school system . Are people more aware ? Yes , because we 're trying to make people more aware about the issue and being sensitive . Being kind to each other and doing things that one would expect them to . " Cirkiel said the Carmichaels had a memorial ceremony Monday for their son . "  They want their son 's life and death to have meaning , " Cirkiel said . CNN 's Aaron Cooper contributed to this report .	13-year-old Jon Carmichael committed suicide in Texas last year His parents say relentless bullying at school led teen to hang himself Their lawsuit blames school , says it turned a blind eye to many incidents School district has no comment on suit but says it works hard to prevent bullying
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- Just two days before the earthquake struck Haiti , 2007 CNN Hero Boby Duval was celebrating the completion of a wall he 'd built to surround -- and secure -- his youth program 's athletic center in Port-au-Prince . On January 12 , when the temblor hit , that wall -- 15 years in the making -- collapsed . "  To have this come to us , it 's really beyond imagination . Of all places , " Duval said of his homeland . Duval has been welcoming children from the slums of Haiti to his sports program , L'Athletique d'Haiti  Athletes of Haiti  , since 1996 . But today , the field where the kids play is serving as a refuge for Haitian families displaced by the devastating earthquake . Goalposts are being used to build makeshift shelters for some people , while others are sleeping in tents Duval has provided . "  We are saving the concrete blocks . We are trying to keep it secure , " Duval said . "  What we 're trying to do is keep it clean , set up some bathrooms , set up some water and give them care , understanding ... so they are safe here . " Haiti is the poorest country in the Western Hemisphere and has a history of political violence , extreme poverty and natural disasters , a history that Duval has witnessed firsthand . Duval , a Haitian who was educated in the United States and Canada , was a national soccer champion in college . When he returned to Haiti , however , he was imprisoned , starved and tortured under the rule of President Jean-Claude  "  Baby Doc "  Duvalier . Duval spent 17 months in jail and says he witnessed more than 180 deaths among fellow prisoners . On the brink of death himself and weighing just 90 pounds , Duval 's life was saved in 1977 , when then-President Carter 's administration intervened and demanded the release of all political prisoners in Haiti . Once released , Duval vowed to help make Haiti a better place . He started a support group for former political prisoners and worked as a human rights advocate . Along the way , he realized he wanted to pass on the values that were important to him to a new generation of Haitians . "  If you 're gon na change a society , I think you need to give some good foundations to people who are willing to receive those basic values , " he said . "  The youth are important , because the youth are the future . " In 1996 , Duval started L'Athletique d'Haiti , which gives kids from some of the poorest neighborhoods an opportunity to get off the streets , play a sport and receive a daily meal . "  The objective is for me to make a contribution to the Haitian society in terms of the physical , mental and psychological development of the Haitian kid , " he said . "  To me , the day that I can say that every kid in Haiti has the opportunity to come -- and peacefully and in the best conditions -- develop his mental and physical power , I feel that I can die in peace . " Duval 's program has grown to serve 1,500 kids ages 6 to 20 in five locations in Haiti . In addition to athletics , they build social skills and participate in educational and tutoring programs . Now , three weeks after the earthquake shattered Haiti 's already fragile infrastructure , the youth of L'Athletique continue to play on the fields of the main Drouillard compound in Port-au-Prince . But now , many live there as well . "  You 've got to serve , and you have to save , " Duval said . "  That 's what we 've got to do now . " Want to get involved ? Check out Boby Duval 's Web site and see how to help .	Youth program 's athletic field serves as refuge for families displaced by quake Boby Duval has welcomed children from Haiti 's slums to his program since 1996 2007 CNN Hero and Haitian native was imprisoned under Duvalier regime Freed in 1977 with help of President Carter , Duval has vowed to help improve Haiti
CNN  -- Redmond O'Neal , the son of Oscar-nominated actor Ryan O'Neal and actress Farrah Fawcett , was arrested Sunday morning on drug charges , authorities said . Redmond O'Neal was stopped at a jail security checkpoint , and volunteered he had drugs , police said . The younger O'Neal was stopped during a routine search at a jail security checkpoint and he volunteered that he had drugs in his possession , said Steve Whitmore , a spokesman for the Los Angeles County sheriff 's office . O'Neal was arrested on charges of bringing narcotics to a jail facility and possessing a controlled substance , Whitmore said . He would not disclose what drugs O'Neal had , but said he was taken to a jail facility about 40 miles north of Los Angeles . It was not clear whether O'Neal posted bail , which was set at $ 25,000 . -- CNN 's Ninette Sosa contributed to this report .	Redmond O'Neal arrested Sunday at jail security checkpoint O'Neal was arrested on charges of bringing narcotics to a jail facility It was not clear whether O'Neal posted bail , which was set at $ 25,000
CNN  -- Atlanta 's airport and airlines there continue to bear the brunt of this week 's snowfall that paralyzed parts of the South as their employees struggle to get to work Thursday at the world 's busiest airport . Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport had nearly 500 flight cancellations by noon ET , according to FlightAware.com . Flight operations are usually back to nearly normal volume one or two days after such a weather event , said FlightAware.com 's Mark Duell , barring any exceptional circumstances . "  The disruption to passengers is typically longer , but depends on the mix of passengers canceling their plans versus rebooking at a later date , " he said via e-mail . Cold temperatures and icy roads are preventing some airport and airline personnel from getting to the Atlanta airport . "  Some Delta employees and other people  responsible for aircraft security sweeps and cleaning aircraft  are having trouble getting to work on time , " said Delta Air Lines spokesman Morgan Durrant . Delta canceled some 440 flights before noon Thursday , on top of about 1,500 canceled flights Wednesday . As temperatures warm up Thursday afternoon in Atlanta and the snow and ice melt , Durrant said he expects cancellations to drop . Southwest Airlines , whose Southwest and AirTran airline brands have a large presence in Atlanta , pre-emptively canceled nearly 120 flights systemwide by midday Thursday . "  We are focused on resuming operations in Atlanta right now , " said Southwest spokesman Dan Landson via e-mail . "  Our operational planners are working with all  t  eams to ensure our operations can safely get underway . " Southwest and AirTran 's travel waivers for certain cities expire Thursday . Travelers facing delays and cancellations receive waivers so they can change tickets without extra fees or higher prices . Delta 's travel waiver will remain in effect through Friday , Durrant said . That 's because the airline still anticipates a small number of cancellations , mostly on Delta Connection regional flights , on Friday .	Airline , airport employees struggle to return to work in Atlanta Hundreds of Atlanta flights have been canceled Thursday Cancellations expected to drop as Atlanta temperatures rise
CNN  -- It has been nearly four weeks since Italians went to the polls and the country is still drifting rudderless without a functioning government . This week , political leaders are holding two days of crucial talks with Italy 's ceremonial president of the republic , Giorgio Napolitano . The talks began Wednesday morning and are expected to conclude at 6 p.m. Thursday in Rome . Italy 's February elections were inconclusive , and have created a political gridlock that is hobbling the country 's economy . The nation is currently in its longest recession in 20 years . It 's economy -- Europe 's third-largest with a government debt the Treasury Ministry puts at $ 2.6 trillion -- shrank by 0.9 percent in the fourth quarter of 2012 , Eurobarometer says . After the elections failed to produce a government , international ratings agency Fitch downgraded Italy 's credit rating from A - to BBB + and warned of further risks if political uncertainty continues and reforms and austerity measures are stalled by a lack of a functioning government . Italy 's hung parliament met for the first time on Friday , when ministers began the process of electing leaders of the lower house and the Senate . Laura Boldrini , 51 , a former journalist and spokeswoman for the U.N. Office of the High Commissioner for Refugees , won a strong majority as the speaker of the lower house . Piero Grasso , 68 , an anti-mafia magistrate from Sicily , became the speaker of the Senate . At a news conference Tuesday , Boldrini and Grasso pledged to push through legislation that would cut salaries and benefits for members of parliament by 30 % . Italian lawmakers are among the highest paid in all of Europe , according to a Eurobarometer poll in 2011 . "  We are asking for the same kinds of sacrifices to our pay that Italians are suffering through the recession , " Boldrini told CNN by telephone . But Italy is still lacking a functioning prime minister . None of the country 's top leading parties currently has enough support to lead the country single-handedly , and none of the leaders have so far showed a willingness to form a grand coalition or support each other 's candidates for the prime ministerial role . Napolitano said at a news conference Tuesday afternoon that during this week 's talks he will first attempt to persuade leaders to support Pierluigi Bersani of the center-left Partito Democratico as prime minister . Bersani fared the best in the February elections by leading a leftist coalition to a small majority in the lower house of parliament . But he was unable to win a majority in the Senate , where it counts . Instead , power in the Senate was divided between Bersani and former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi 's center-right coalition , anchored by his party , Popolo della Liberta , or People of Freedom . Bersani and Berlusconi are arch-rivals who have indicated they will not work together . Bersani 's platform included judicial reforms that reverse legislation passed when Berlusconi held office , including expanding statutes of limitations on financial crimes and stripping political leaders of immunity . Berlusconi is currently awaiting a verdict in a trial in which he stands accused of paying an underage prostitute for sex on more than 13 occasions and abusing his office to protect her in an unrelated crime . The verdict is expected to come in early April . Last year , Berlusconi was convicted of tax fraud . Last month , he was convicted of publishing illegally acquired wiretaps in his brother 's newspaper . He is appealing both convictions . Berlusconi has indicated that he does not agree with Bersani 's judicial and criminal reforms and that he would not work with the center-left as long as those items are on the agenda . The election deadlock has meant that Beppe Grillo , a former comedian and political revolutionary who led his grass-roots Five-Star Movement to third-place in the elections by promising to get rid of Italy 's tired politicians and traditional political parties , would be the key to power if he were to support one of the traditional parties . But since the elections , he has refused to work with either Bersani or Berlusconi , resulting in the political gridlock . He has said no to a political or technocratic government , leaving little room to negotiate . Grillo , continuing to rebuff Bersani 's attempts to work together to form a coalition , Friday called Bersani "  dead man talking . " But his own party is showing some fractures . A dozen of its members in parliament voted against the party 's candidates in the elections last weekend to choose the parliamentary leaders . Grillo , who is not a member of parliament and did not run for office , lambasted his unfaithful party members on his personal blog . Mario Monti , who led Italy in a technocratic role after Berlusconi resigned under pressure in November 2011 , did not win enough support in the February elections to bolster either side , and his austerity platform is not seen as a draw for support . He has been acting as prime minister since the election produced no winner , but he threatened to walk off the job last weekend during the debate over electing the parliamentary leaders . Saturday , Napolitano asked Monti to stay on in his caretaker role until a government can be formed . "  It is important for Europe , and to exercise whatever initiatives are possible and necessary , especially for the economy and jobs , the government remains under the authoritative leadership of Mario Monti until a new government is formed , " Napolitano said in a written statement . Napolitano 's intervention meetings on Wednesday and Thursday will either confirm Bersani as a prime minister or produce a technocratic leader who will guide the country forward to inevitable early elections , likely either in June or next autumn . To further complicate matters , Napolitano 's mandate as president ends on May 15 . In accordance with Italy 's electoral law , the president can not dissolve parliament or call new elections with less than six months left in office . That means that either with or without a prime minister , Italy 's hung parliament must begin the process of electing a new president to replace Napolitano . That process will start on April 15 with the nomination of candidates , a step subject to a fair amount of backroom horse-trading . Berlusconi recently said in an interview on his Mediaset television network that he would consider agreeing to Bersani as prime minister if his center-right ally , Gianni Letta , were elected president of the Republic . Other presidential candidate names mentioned by members of parliament in interviews with the Italian press include Monti and respected Radical Party leader and former European Union Member of Parliament Emma Bonino .	Talks led by President Giorgio Napolitano begin Wednesday in an effort to forge a government Napolitano said he will first try to get agreement on Pierluigi Bersani as prime minister Bersani 's party holds the lower house , but is vying in the Senate with Silvio Berlusconi 's party With no agreement , new parliamentary elections would be scheduled
CNN  -- England coach Fabio Capello has warned his players to behave or face the risk of missing out on a trip to the World Cup finals . John Terry has already been stripped of the captaincy following tabloid allegations of his marital infidelity with the former partner of ex-Chelsea teammate Wayne Bridge . And another Chelsea player , Ashley Cole , has been at the eye of a media storm which culminated in his pop star wife Cheryl announcing on Tuesday that she is separating from him . Capello , known as a strict disciplinarian , is expected to lay down the law to his squad ahead of next Wednesday 's friendly with Egypt in London as he bids to fortify team morale for football 's showpiece event in South Africa , which starts in June . "  The players have to understand what I want , if you want to stay with me , " the Italian told reporters on Tuesday . "  It will be very important because we need to create a group . The England shirt is very important . This will be one of the most important points we will speak about . "  The World Cup is really important for me , for England and for the players . We have to stay together and compact in every moment . I think this will be my most important job , to recreate this spirit . "  After four months , we will meet the players next week and it will be a very important game for many reasons . One is also this -LSB- situation -RSB- . "  We will talk about a lot of things because four months is a long time . If you can meet the players every month it is different . We will have two days to stay together , but they are very strong days . " Terry is expected to be named in the squad to face the Africa Cup of Nations champions at Wembley next week , but Cole is out with a broken ankle so Manchester City defender Bridge is poised to deputize at left-back . Capello expects Cole to be fit for the World Cup following talks with Chelsea boss Carlo Ancelotti and the English Premier League leaders ' medical staff . "  We hope he will be fit in two months more or less , and I think he will be ready for the World Cup , " the 63-year-old said . Meanwhile , Jose Mourinho has claimed that he turned down the chance to become England 's manager just before Capello was appointed in December 2007 . The Portuguese coach told reporters ahead of Inter Milan 's Champions League clash with his former club Chelsea on Wednesday night that the England role "  was not the job for me " when he was asked to replace the sacked Steve McClaren . "  I could have been England manager . I was , at that time , maybe the proudest manager in the world because , especially for a foreign coach , to have the possibility of leading a country like England , I was the proudest man in the world , " he said on Tuesday evening . "  I thought and thought and thought , and I was fighting with myself because one side wanted and the other side knew it was not the job for me , for my mentality , for my passion of football , for training every day . "  It was not the job for me and I decided it was not to be . It was a good decision , England chose a very good experienced manager who is doing a great job . "  And , because I love England , I hope he keeps doing very , very well and keeps having the dream and , why not , the reality of making something very , very important for your country . "	England coach Fabio Capello has warned his players to behave or miss the World Cup Capello has already stripped John Terry of captaincy over alleged marital infidelities Ashley Cole 's pop star wife has separated from him due to his alleged affairs Jose Mourinho claims he turned down the chance to coach England in 2007
Washington  CNN  A new entry and a waiting game on the Democratic side , a go-slow approach from a leading Republican , and the big stakes of 2016 filled our Sunday morning trip around the "  Inside Politics " table . 1 . Here 's ... Bernie ! Hillary Clinton is about to get her first official challenger . Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont could make an announcement within days , reports CNN 's Nia-Malika Henderson , adding a populist voice to a Democratic race that starts with Clinton as the overwhelming favorite . Sanders has been exploring a run for months , and was a hit this weekend at a big South Carolina Democratic event . "  I do n't think he can necessarily challenge Hillary Clinton in terms of donors and in terms of organization , " said Henderson . "  But in terms of bringing the heat , bringing the fire , bringing that populist rhetoric , he 'll be interesting to see , and how he moves Hillary Clinton 's own rhetoric as well . " 2 . For Biden , watch , wait and ... Few think Vice President Joe Biden is willing to risk a third losing bid for the Democratic presidential nomination . But his official word is that he is still looking at the race , and Julie Hirschfeld Davis of The New York Times reports that this "  wait and see " approach is likely to continue for a bit . "  There is a strain of thinking that if Hillary Clinton 's campaign is truly to implode at some point , that Democrats are going to need someone who can jump in quickly , raise a lot of money and have a lot of experience and launch a campaign , " said Davis . "  And Joe Biden would not mind being the person they talk about as that person . So , and as long as we are talking about that , we are still talking about Joe Biden , and that 's just the way he likes it . " 3 . Kasich also thinks waiting is best Ohio Gov. John Kasich is more visible of late , and makes no secret of the fact that he thinks he is the most qualified among the potential Republican 2016 presidential prospects . But he is n't in a rush to make a formal declaration of candidacy . Some see this as hesitation . But Robert Costa of The Washington Post detailed a conversation with the Ohio governor in which Kasich made the case that he need not rush . "  He 's not formally moving toward it right now , " said Costa . "  But I do n't think he feels a rush , because in this age of super PACs , it 's more about building donor relationships , building relationships in the early states , then maybe getting in when you have a little momentum . " 4 . Listen to the candidates -- and be reminded of the high stakes Personalities often trump policy in political coverage , especially in the early days of a campaign . But the old line "  elections have consequences " gets repeated a lot because it just happens to be true . NPR 's Steve Inskeep says the prospect of big changes was obvious as he did some recent homework about the 2016 race . "  Jeb Bush was asked this past week about President Obama'a executive actions on immigration , and he said on a conservative radio talk show , ` Yes , of course I would reverse them , ' " said Inskeep . "  So suddenly you are talking about millions of people who are on a path to be legalized for a while , now potentially on a path not to be legalized , depending on who wins an election . " "  Does n't mean they would go through with it . I think we all can recall President Obama 's promise to close Guantanamo right away if he could just replace President Bush . But it certainly would color the campaign and the tenor of the campaign -- the huge changes that could lie in store depending on who wins . " 5 . Remember Sharron Angle ? The GOP establishment sure does ! Goal No. 1 for Republicans in 2016 is taking back the White House . But preserving their new Senate majority runs a close second -- and that will be no easy task , because so many of the competitive races are in states that tend to lean blue in presidential years . So the GOP establishment is putting a priority on candidate recruitment and hoping to build on its 2014 successes , which you might recall included an aggressive effort to discourage or defeat tea party candidates viewed as too risky by the establishment . So in Nevada , where Democrat Harry Reid is retiring , there is an intensifying effort to get Republican Rep. Joe Heck to declare his Senate candidacy . And in Colorado , the establishment favorite is Rep. Mike Coffman , who opened a lot of eyes with his 2014 race in a competitive swing district against a top-tier Democratic opponent . Those two states -- and those two seats -- have special significance in the 2016 maneuvering : Reid and Colorado Democrat Michael Bennet won narrow 2010 victories in what was for the most part a big GOP year . Ask the establishment why , and you will get a ton of finger-pointing at the tea party candidates who emerged as the GOP nominees -- Sharron Angle in Nevada and Ken Buck in Colorado .	What to expect if Bernie Sanders takes the presidential plunge Biden 's and Kasich 's "  wait and see " 2016 strategies GOP recruiting Senate candidates for 2016 in Nevada and Colorado
EW.com  -- "  Jersey Shore 's " Vinny Guadagnino is getting his own MTV talk show . Considered the most sensitive of the "  Shore " boys , Vinny will star in a hybrid talk/reality series for the network titled "  The Show with Vinny . " The project will tweak the usual talk format by taking celebrities out of the studio and having Vinny interview them in his Staten Island home with his colorful Italian family . Celebrity guests will come over for a meal and candid conversation , with lots of commentary from his hostess mother Paula , his partying Uncle Nino and others . MTV : Why ` Jersey Shore ' is ending "  Vinny 's unique mix of humor , intelligence , curiosity and heart make him the perfect choice for this genre-busting take on the interview format , " said Chris Linn , MTV executive VP of Programming and head of production . "  As the lives of the ` Jersey Shore ' cast evolve , we are excited to explore new ground while still delivering the laughs and surprises that fans have come to expect from the franchise . " Vinny will also appear on the upcoming fundraising special "  Restore the Shore "  more details on that here  . The Nov.ember 15 special encourages viewers to contribute to the rebuilding of Seaside Heights , the main location of MTV 's hit "  Jersey Shore , " which will soon air its final episode . Former WB president taking over MTV programming "  The Show with Vinny " is executive-produced by "  Jersey Shore " producer SallyAnn Salsano , along with MTV 's Jacquelyn French , and will represent the third series spawned from party-hearty reality show . There 's also "  Snooki & JWoww , " which returns for its second season January 8 , and "  The Pauly D Project . " "  Shore " is MTV 's highest-rated series ever and continues to perform strong on Thursday nights , averaging 3.5 million viewers . See the full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Jersey Shore 's " Vinny will star in a hybrid talk/reality series The program , called "  The Show with Vinny , " will air on MTV "  The Show " will see Vinny interview celebrity guests from his Staten Island home
Saint-Marc , Haiti  CNN  -- Patients arrive at the front gates of St. Nicholas Hospital hunched over and groaning , only to be greeted by chaos and confusion . Getting inside is n't easy , but once in , aid organizations and local staff try to treat those most vulnerable to the ravages of cholera in an area of wooden benches grouped as a triage area . Many here are still lying in the open air and are sprawled out on concrete with anxious relatives holding re-hydration fluid , hoping it will treat the cholera now stalking this rural area about 60 miles northwest of the capital of Haiti , Port-au-Prince . Death toll passes 250 Those most at risk are the very old and the very young . Dozens of infants who lay crying and uncomfortable on their mothers ' laps , dehydrated and weak . Haiti 's health minister , Dr. Alex Larsen , told CNN in a telephone interview that he believes the cholera outbreak is stabilizing . Larsen added that reports of the outbreak spreading are so far unsubstantiated . BLOG : Cholera can be deadly within hours The United Nations confirmed to CNN on Saturday that there are five confirmed cases of cholera in the capital but those cases originated from the area in and around Saint-Marc . CNN toured St. Nicholas Hospital with a team from the U.S. Centers of Disease Control and Prevention . The team is here to support the government 's efforts and advise on how to best mitigate and contain the outbreak . "  It is encouraging that the mortality rate seems to be coming down . " says Dr. Eric Mintz , a scientist with the CDC who specializes in diarrheal diseases . Mintz adds that while the outbreak is likely to spread , the fatality rates should continue to drop , and the water , sanitization and hygiene infrastructure in the country can be strengthened in time to avoid a full-scale disaster .	St. Nicholas Hospital in Haiti is packed with cholera victims Aid organizations and local staff try to treat the most vulnerable A CDC doctor says mortality rates seem to be coming down Haiti 's health minister says he believes the cholera outbreak is stabilizing
CNN  -- A widespread outbreak of severe weather across the Deep South may be one for the record books , as the National Weather Service received reports of more than 150 tornadoes . "  This could be one of the most devastating tornado outbreaks in the nation 's history by the time it 's over , " CNN Meteorologist Sean Morris said . The unofficial number of twisters reported Wednesday by the Storm Prediction Center was 151 . The same system continued to spin off tornadoes early Thursday . The long-term average for confirmed tornadoes in April is 116 . "  It was certainly a rare day that there were so many tornadoes that caused so much damage in populated areas , " CNN Meteorologist Jacqui Jeras said . An official count is not immediately available , but Jeras said she expects that the numbers will reveal a historic April with a record number of twisters . Authorities were still assessing damage from the storms early Thursday , and it could be days before officials establish how many tornadoes hit . Several meteorological conditions combined Wednesday to create a particularly dangerous mix , Morris said . A storm system that brought severe weather to parts of the South Plains earlier this week headed east , a cold front was moving across the Deep South and upper levels of the atmosphere were conducive for severe storms . "  It is tornado season , but an intensive event like this only will occur maybe once or twice a year , " Morris said . "  It 's very rare to have all these ingredients come together . " The deadly phenomena can be spawned from rotating thunderstorms called supercells , which can stretch across areas as large as entire counties . A tornado can form when a mesocyclone -- a rotating column of air -- is created within a super cell storm and is stretched to create a funnel-like structure that can reach speeds of up to several hundred miles per hour . "  Almost like when you pull the drain in your tub , " said CNN Meteorologist Chad Myers . "  The entire storm spins and is focused and angled down . " "  When you have a storm all by itself like we saw yesterday , that 's when you get this structure , " he added . The worst tornado outbreak in U.S. history occurred in April 1974 , when 148 twisters touched down in 13 states over a 16-hour period , according to the National Weather Service . The agency said 330 people died and 5,484 were injured in a path of damage that covered more than 2,500 miles . That month saw a total of 267 tornadoes -- the largest number recorded since 1950 , according to the weather agency . By early Thursday , authorities said hundreds of people had been killed as storms swept through Georgia , Alabama , Mississippi , Tennessee and Arkansas . And dramatic images of massive funnel clouds and flattened buildings left little doubt about the storms ' strength . "  The storms are just amazingly explosive and they 're covering a very large area , " said Greg Carbin with the National Weather Service Storm Prediction Center in Norman , Oklahoma . With the latest outbreak , April may turn out to be a historic month for tornadoes , he said . "  We may finish out April with more than 300 tornadoes , " Carbin said . "  It looks like it will be a record-breaker as far as sheer numbers go . The numbers for April are definitely on a record pace . " CNN 's Ed Payne contributed to this report .	NEW : Tornadoes can be spawned from rotating thunderstorms called supercells Authorities are assessing damage from the storms CNN meteorologist : "  It is very rare to have all these ingredients come together " The worst tornado outbreak in U.S. history occurred in April 1974
CNN  -- Alan Kardec scored a spectacular second-half winner for Brazil against Costa Rica to set up a replay of the 1993 Under-20 World Cup final against Ghana in Egypt . Costa Rica midfielder David Guzman , left , battles for the ball with Brazil captain Giuliano . Four-time champions Brazil edged a 1-0 victory against underdogs Los Ticos in Cairo after the Black Satellites qualified for the final for the third time with a 3-2 victory against suspension-hit Hungary in the first semi . Striker Kardec 's 67th-minute goal , his fourth of the tournament , lit up an otherwise uninspiring match as he crashed home a superb volley from a tight angle after substitute Bertucci 's left-wing cross bounced to the far post . Costa Rica had lost their opening game of the tournament to Brazil by a morale-sapping 5-0 , but bounced back to reach the last four , beating hosts Egypt and the United Arab Emirates in the previous rounds . The Central Americans came closest to scoring in the first half as David Guzman 's 25-yard free-kick forced a fine save from Brazil goalkeeper Rafael . However , the South Americans ' dominance of possession -- they had an incredible 70 percent of the play -- finally told , with players lining up to take potshots at Costa Rica 's goal . But Los Ticos held on bravely , and even sent goalkeeper Esteban Alvarado to the other end of the pitch for three late corners , but the lack of quality in crucial areas was telling . Ghana will be seeking to win the tournament for the first time on Friday , having lost to Brazil in the 1993 final and to Argentina in 2001 . The Africans looked lethal in attack against a Hungary side missing three key players following the dramatic 3-2 victory over Italy in the quarterfinals , but suffered from defensive lapses . Dominic Adiyiah netted twice to give Ghana a 2-0 halftime lead before Marco Futacs pulled one back , but Abeiku Quansah crashed a spectacular late goal to make it 3-1 and substitute Adam Balajti set up a tense finish . Striker Adiyiah netted the opener from close range in the ninth minute after Andre Ayew pounced on Adam Presinger 's poor back-pass and rounded goalkeeper Peter Gulacsi . He then scored a tournament-leading eighth goal in the 31st minute with a powerful header from Samuel Inkoom 's cross . Balazs Megyeri hit the post for Hungary in the second half before fellow substitute Marko Futacs reduced the deficit in the 73rd minute after a pass into the penalty area from Andras Simon . Roland Varga and Janos Szabo both squandered golden chances to level , the latter from a simple header , and Ghana made the most of their escapes when Quansah crashed in a shot off the underside of the crossbar in the 81st minute . David Addy 's lapse allowed Balajti to comfortably sidefoot home just three minutes later , but it was Ghana who looked most likely to score again as Emmanuel Agyemang-Badu smashed a fierce long-range shot against the bar in time added on .	Brazil beat Costa Rica 1-0 to reach final of the Under-20 World Cup in Egypt Four-time champions face Ghana in a repeat of the tournament 's 1993 final Ghana qualified for the final for the third time with 3-2 win over Hungary in Cairo The Black Satellites led 2-0 at halftime through top scorer Dominic Adiyiah
LONDON , England  CNN  -- There are few things in the world shrouded with as much secrecy as the super-yacht industry . Maritime mysteries : the design and building processes for super-yachts are tightly guarded secrets . The boats are built and kept in exclusive locations , they 're owned by the notoriously inaccessible super-wealthy , and for most of us the closest we 'll get to them is in the pages of glossy magazines . In a bid to gain a stronger insight into the super-yacht world I 've organised an interview with Dr William Collier , the owner of Liverpool 's G.L. Watson & Co - the oldest yacht design company in the world . The company formed in 1873 and in its time has produced four America 's Cup yachts and more presidential and royal yachts than any other yacht designer . It seems the logical business to profile . But , there 's a catch . In this industry ` loose lips ' really do ` sink ships ' ... or at least destroy business , anyway . Collier ca n't tell me anything about the projects the company is working on , the people he 's working for , or how much these ocean-going beasts cost to produce . "  We enter into very strict confidentiality agreements with our clients . We find it frustrating at times because we would like to approach people about doing a project because we have done a similar project - but we ca n't mention it . "  These guys can get into the press whenever they want . Unfortunately in the United Kingdom due to the nature of the press they have nothing to gain from having their personal property displayed for all to see , " Collier told CNN . And when most of G.L. Watson & Co 's business comes from client referrals , the company is wise not to jeopardize confidentiality agreements . Collier confirmed the company would have less than 100 clients on its books and it tries to manage several projects on differing scales at the one time . He said a usual workload was to have one 200-feet plus project , one around 100-150 feet and a few smaller projects on the go simultaneously . The ` smaller ' vessels Collier refers to are often in the range of 60-80 feet long . Just tiny . Though Collier declines to comment on the net worth of his clients , I infer from the discussion that most of them are multi-millionaires , if not billionaires . This is certainly not a place for someone with shallow pockets . He said the current ` credit crunch ' hitting many consumers was unlikely to have too much impact on his business . "  They would be generally insulated from that . Budget is always an issue for people but that is more because people do n't like change . A lot of what we do is to protect the client 's interests - to make sure they do n't pay too much , " he said . Collier said the company had two major strands : design and owner representation . While the first aspect is self-explanatory , the second involves the full management of entire building or restoration projects from the owner 's point of view . The full process of building or restoring a boat usually took between three to five years and became quite an intimate affair , he said . "  We have a very close relationship with the clients . Inevitably because we are designing someone 's ideal home we are finding out a lot about them and what they like and do n't like . You get to know them very well . " However , it 's not all fairytales . The privileged position his job places him in also has its downfalls . "  Anyone who says these things go smoothly is lying , " he laughed . Collier said although he had not experienced any disappointed clients , he had heard of cases where multi-million dollar vessels had not been to the satisfaction of the buyer . After buying the company in 2001 at a time when he had been personally working towards restoring a G.L. Watson & Co original , Collier -- a passionate sailor himself , said the market was changing . The company worked on both sailing and motor-powered yachts , and he said it was going back to the future in some respects . "  The company originally came very much out of a racing sailing design . From the 1880s it became more involved in cruise yacht design . What we are doing now is getting back into that big yacht market . " He said there was a trend towards creating replicas or restorations with as many of the original materials as possible . "  People for many years have been restoring sailing yachts and in many instances they tend not to use original materials . But , people are becoming more educated in this market . "  Now , if people are going to do something in this market they want to do something special , something worthwhile , " he said . One of the projects which Collier does detail is the Nahlin , a 296-foot 1930s G.L. Watson & Co original , which is set for restoration . After being returned to British waters only in 1999 , Collier said the vessel would have a complete overhaul based on the company 's archives of the original design , and it would become the "  biggest restoration project ever " . Collier said the company also planned to expand the range of services it provides to clients . Although there 's plenty to look forward to at G.L. Watson & Co and business is flourishing -- Collier drops in a strong reminder that the job of pleasing wealthy clients does not open the door to excessive levels of wealth for himself . "  We are not yacht owners - we do n't own these . We are here to produce them for orders . " In fact , for one of the most glamorous industries in the world , Collier said there was plenty of hard graft done behind-the-scenes , and for him , a lot of travel to and from his Liverpool base . "  We do n't always need to be in the Mediterranean ! The lifestyle is n't always attractive . "	G.L. Watson & Co. is the oldest yacht design company in the world The company is bound to tight confidentiality agreements about its projects The restoration of 1930s vessel ` Nahlin ' will be the biggest of its kind Most yachts take three-to-five years to complete
CNN  -- It was a tough job , but someone had to do it . 34-year-old Briton Ben Southall , winner of Queensland Tourist Board 's "  Best Job in the World " competition has now completed his six-month stint looking after Hamilton Island on Australia 's Great Barrier Reef . Having to cope with turquoise waters , miles of white sandy beaches and more sunshine than most Brits see in a decade of summers must have given him sleepless nights ? Surprisingly , they did n't , but the job was more strenuous than at first it might appear . Southall points out that the competition advertised in the world 's press said the winner would have to "  feed the fish , clean the pool , deliver the mail and watch the whales . " But during the interview process he says it became clear to him and other applicants that it was going to be a full-on job with lots of interviews and writing . "  Every day I 've gone to a new island and explored what 's on offer there . Then I 've sat down in the evenings and usually worked quite late putting videos and photos together and writing blogs . That 's the key part of it , " Southall told CNN . And with 300 islands in his section of Great Barrier Reef he was clearly kept busy . But as he readily admits being paid nearly $ 140,000 to look after an island has been an amazing experience . "  I think I 've done more in these six months than I 've done in the previous 34 years of my life . To be able to do this sort of thing , in this location , and report on it ca n't really be classed as work , " he said . But there was one moment of trouble in paradise shortly before Christmas . After enjoying a jet ski ride Southall joyfully leapt off the back and into the water only to be stung by a deadly Irukandji jellyfish . A fever rapidly engulfed him before doctors were able to ease his symptoms . "  For six hours I was pretty bad , " he recalled . "  Next morning however , after I had my morphine , I came through the other side . " So now that his work is done on the island , where does he intend to go on holiday ? "  It 's a difficult one that , " he says , "  but the white Christmas that the UK enjoyed almost made me a bit jealous . " Despite the allure of distant snow Southall says he will probably take a holiday in the southern hemisphere . "  I 've discovered a few parts of Queensland and a few places dotted along there that I would go back and relax on . " He says the hardest part of leaving the island has been moving out of his $ 4 million villa . "  I lived on top of a Land Rover as I drove round Africa on a charity expedition in 2008 . So I went from living in a tent to living in this amazing house . Closing the door on the Blue Pearl -LSB- the villa -RSB- was probably the toughest bit . "	Ben Southall talks to CNN about his job as caretaker of Hamilton Island in Australia 's Great Barrier Reef . 34-year-old Briton visiting neighboring islands daily and wrote daily blogs Not all plain sailing for Brit who was stung by deadly jellyfish before Christmas
2014 has been a big year for towering new skyscrapers -- literally . One World Trade Center became the biggest skyscraper in the United States when construction was completed in early November while ground was broken on the Kingdom Tower in Jeddah , Saudi Arabia , which will rise one kilometer skywards to become the world 's tallest building when completed in five year 's time . But what does 2015 have in store ? We 've compiled a list of the ten tallest buildings set for completion in 2015 using data held by the Skyscraper Center , the global tall building database . Unsurprisingly , some of the world 's fastest developing cities are at the forefront of plans that will come to fruition in 2015 . Find out where by flicking through the gallery atop the page . The top 100 tallest buildings under construction	2014 has been a major year for new skyscrapers , but what is in the pipeline for 2015 ? Major new projects will be completed in China , the UAE , Russia and the U.S. Fast developing cities are at the forefront of some of the most ambitious architectural projects
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Featuring everything from hand-painted heels to a live  and semi-naked  woman , Hong Kong 's latest art fair wrapped Sunday with sales topping HK$ 39 million  $ 5 million  -- up 50 % on last year 's inaugural event . A record 29,000 visitors came to check out the three-day exhibition -- the most in the fair 's 15-year global history . But the art on sale here is not intended to break the bank . Affordable Art Hong Kong , a spinoff of the original event launched in London in 1999 , attracts art enthusiasts from all walks -- and wallets -- of life , with original works on sale from unknowns and well-knowns at the more than 120 galleries represented from around the world . Amid the watercolors , oil on canvas and prints , eye-catching installations included bronze skulls and a live exhibit of a nearly nude woman being painted to blend into wallpaper . Organizers say it 's up to the artists and galleries to set a price for each artwork , as long as it does not exceed HK$ 100,000  roughly $ 13,000  . Visitors could also satisfy their creative urges by trying their hand at Chinese painting and collage . A section on Hong Kong 's young artists appealed to local tastes , while an "  Under HK$ 10,000 Wall " catered to the art collector on a tighter budget . "  This is an area where people can come and find works that are about HK$ 1,000 to HK$ 10,000  US$ 130 - $ 1,300  , " said Camilla Hewitson , fair director . "  If there 's something that really inspires , then you can find the gallery and have a discussion about that particular artwork . " ` The purpose is to democratize art ' So is affordable art really that affordable ? For many Hong Kong residents , the answer is no . The median monthly income for people living here is HK$ 14,100  $ 1,800  , according to the latest report from Hong Kong 's Census and Statistics Department . On that salary , buying the most expensive piece at the fair would cost seven month 's wages , excluding daily living expenses like food , transportation and rent . But of course , it 's all relative . Compared to Zeng Fanzhi 's "  The Last Supper , " which auctioned at Sotheby 's 40th Anniversary Sale in Hong Kong last October for a record HK$ 180.4 million  $ 23.3 million  , everything under HK$ 100,000 seems like a steal . Organizers of Affordable Art Fair say price is just a small part of their mission . "  The purpose is to democratize art -- to open it up to a much wider audience who would n't normally have the opportunity to see fantastic works on display , " says Paul Matthews , director of development and global partnerships for the fair . "  People are very intimidated by the idea of going to galleries and each city we go to we help to break down those perceived barriers and get people understanding that there 's art out there that they can afford -- and that art can be for everyone , " he adds . Based on the fair 's success in Asia so far , organizers say they are now looking to expand into South Korea , Japan and Taiwan in coming years . If you missed the show in Hong Kong , you can always hit the Affordable Art Fair at one of its upcoming global tour stops . It 's heading to Maastricht , Netherlands next -- followed by New York , Toronto and Singapore . Click here for the full worldwide schedule . Hong Kong art galleries In Hong Kong this weekend for the Sevens and want to mix a bit of culture in with your rugby ? Here are a few galleries to get you started : Avenue des Arts : Unit 06 , 12/F Hollywood Centre , 233 Hollywood Road , Sheung Wan ; +85227446699 EC Gallery : G/F , 72a Hollywood Road , Central ; +85228037960 Galerie Koo : 7/F , Vogue Building , 67 Wyndham Street , Central ; +85225250331 Karin Weber Gallery : G/F , 20 Aberdeen Street , Central ; +85225445004 Odd One Out : G/F 34 Sau Wa Fong , Wan Chai ; +85225293955	Hong Kong 's Affordable Art Fair attracted 29,000 visitors and topped $ 5 million in sales For many Hong Kong residents , "  affordable art " is still out of their budgets Next stop on the Affordable Art Fair tour is Maastricht , Netherlands , followed by New York , Toronto and Singapore
CNN  -- Smart travelers know that there 's no time like the present to visit brag-worthy beaches and celebrated cities -- for a fraction of what the crowds will be paying in summer . From the shores of the Atlantic to party towns like Vegas and NOLA , we 've got stylish steals that 'll make your spring getaway great . Great Smoky Mountains National Park , Tennessee/North Carolina Tour an American paradise before the summer crowds pour in . America 's most popular national park , a major theme park and miles of trails and streams for under $ 100 per night ? Yup . 26 Vacations of a Lifetime Head to the Great Smoky Mountains National Park for fishing , hiking and scenic drives like the six-mile Roaring Fork Motor Nature Trail , and do n't forget to spend at least one day at 150-acre Dollywood for authentic Tennessee music , food and , of course , thrill rides such as the Wild Eagle and Mystery Mine . The Park Vista-a DoubleTree by Hilton-Gatlinburg features two restaurants , an indoor pool and mountain views . doubletree3.hilton.com . Myrtle Beach , South Carolina Why wait till summer for a warm beach getaway ? If you want a dreamy beach vacation , it 's already warming up down in Myrtle Beach . Its miles of sand , charter fishing expeditions and Ripley 's Aquarium  where you can get nose-to-nose with sharks  will keep you busy while the sun shines , and its world-class eateries roll out a southern-style welcome with local micro-brews , seafood buffets and oceanfront tables . 10 Best Budget Destinations for 2014 The Myrtle Beach Oceanfront Boardwalk and Promenade , which opened just five years ago , feels as if it 's been here forever . Welcoming crowds by the million , the boardwalk features the Family Kingdom amusement park that includes the massive Skywheel and Slingshot and the just-opened Twist 'n Shout steel roller coaster  visitmyrtlebeach.com  . Westgate Myrtle Beach Oceanfront Resort provides beach access and ocean views , a heated outdoor pool , heated "  lazy river , " kids ' water play area and a "  kids eat free " policy . wgmyrtlebeach.com . Point Pleasant , New Jersey Psst ! The boardwalk of your dreams opens in spring , but do n't tell or everyone will want to go . Point Pleasant is , well , pleasant enough in summer if you enjoy being part of a major scene , rubbing elbows with in-the-know New Yorkers , Philadelphians and Jersey girls and boys who love Jenkinson 's Boardwalk and the lovely stretch of beach here .  Point Pleasant is about 70 miles south of New York City and about 75 miles northeast of Philadelphia . 33 Most Beautiful Places In America But the place starts hopping on weekends in April , the rides are open , the cotton candy is just as sweet , but rates for hotel rooms just a block from the beach can be literally a third of the summer price . Grab dinner on the boardwalk , or hit Woodchucks BBQ  woodchucksbbq.com ; half-slab of baby back ribs with cornbread and two sides $ 14  . The White Sands is a reliable , friendly hotel right on the beach . thewhitesands.com . Dominican Republic Affordable all-inclusive resorts put this island paradise within reach . The DR offers everything you might want on a Caribbean break , without the sticker shock you might expect . One of the reasons is incredible all-inclusive resorts like the Majestic Colonial Beach Resort in Punta Cana  a steal at $ 212 per night for two people  . Las Terrenas , a lesser-known but no less appealing former fishing village in the Saman province , has amazing beaches and wallet-friendly prices . 12 Phrases That Mean Big Travel Savings Explore Los Haitises National Park , a protected forest , in a kayak with a guide who will take you through lagoons and mangrove canals amid pelicans and leatherback turtles . Another affordable lodging option is Eva Luna , in Las Terrenas , which has five Mexican-style villas , each with a kitchen . villa-evaluna . com . New Orleans , Louisiana The Big Easy is easier than ever once Mardi Gras crowds have headed home . Cobblestone streets ! Hot jazz ! Unforgettable cuisine ! New Orleans 's French Quarter is just the beginning of a great getaway that combines warm spring weather with elbow room now that Mardi Gras has turned into Lent . Trendy nightclubs , ivy-covered townhouses and Creole cottages make for a backdrop like no other . 5 endangered sites worth saving Do n't miss the annual French Quarter Festival in April , load up on beignets at Caf Du Monde , and explore the city 's unique music scene with a free self-guided audio tour courtesy of the New Orleans Jazz Historical Park . Stay at the Westin New Orleans Canal Place . westin.com . Washington , D.C. Celebrate your freedom in our nation 's capital -- where it seems every attraction is FREE . From tours of the Capitol building to the endless galleries and exhibits of the Smithsonian Institution , from the National Archives  you may have heard of some of its contents -- the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution ?  to the Library of Congress , this town offers more in the way of freebies than anywhere else . CNN 's travel photo of the day When you 're ready to step outside and enjoy the spring air and cherry blossoms , pay a visit to the Lincoln Memorial , Jefferson Memorial , and the new Martin Luther King Jr. . Memorial . It may be surprising to you , but it 's not to locals and other insiders , that one of the best restaurants in town is the Mitsitam Native Foods Caf at the National Museum of the American Indian -- you can try buffalo and fry bread , among other delights . The Normandy Hotel is a comfortable lodging a short walk or Metro ride to the Mall , with great access to the lively Dupont Circle neighborhood and its international cuisine and smart bookstores . thenormandydc.com . Las Vegas , Nevada It 's always open , it 's always jumping , and it 's surprisingly affordable even for "  low-rollers . " If you have n't found yourself on the Strip yet -- it 's one of the most popular destinations for girl getaways , bachelor parties and of course impromptu weddings -- you should put it on your list . 50 spots , 50 states for 2014 In addition to the grand dcor  including faux European landmarks like the Eiffel Tower and Venetian canals  and the obvious strike-it-rich lure of slots , cards and dice , Las Vegas offers a $ 2 billion airport , the Mob Museum , and kitschy retro finds like Champagnes Caf , which does its best to bring '50s chic back to life . The Orleans Hotel & Casino is an absolute steal , a short shuttle ride from the action-packed Strip . orleanscasino.com . Montreal , Quebec , Canada An old-world city in the heart of North America . Just strolling the streets of this friendly , moderately priced Canadian city feels like you 've crossed the Atlantic and entered a whole new world . Once the thrill of hearing French -- and tasting continental treats like fresh croissants -- has worn off a bit , hit the Montreal Biodme , which re-creates four ecosystems , including more than 200 species of animals . Do n't miss the landmark Notre-Dame Basilica , the Vieux-Port de Montreal park and the Muse des Beaux Arts de Montreal . Stay at Le Square Phillips Hotel & Suites . squarephillips.com . Cape Ann , Massachusetts For authentic New England without the throngs , Gloucester , MA , a tight-knit fishing community on Cape Ann , just 45 minutes north of Boston , is a good place to start . Expansive beaches , frothy seas , wonderfully old-fashioned Main Streets , historic lighthouses , and some of the freshest locally sourced meals around make this "  other cape " a reason to bypass the better known-and infinitely pricier-beach destinations along the Massachusetts coast . Hit Gloucester 's Good Harbor Beach , a wide stretch of fine , white sand edged by dunes and a gurgling creek leading into a refreshingly chilly pocket of the Atlantic , and Rocky Neck artists ' colony , where you can soak up some of the sumptuous light that has drawn artists including Milton Avery , Edward Hopper and Winslow Homer . Blue Shutters Beachside Inn has comfortable rooms with beach views and a welcoming living room with a fireplace that 's surprisingly welcome even on summer evenings . blueshuttersbeachside.com . Sanibel Island , Florida Your own private island ? Well , it 's about as close as you 'll find ... Sure , there 's a long list of things you can do on Sanibel Island . But maybe the most appealing of all is ... nothing . If your idea of a spring vacation involves warm sand , subtropical breezes and the luxury of staring , snoring , or reading , this island has your name on it . Check into the Tropical Winds Beachfront Motel and Cottages and you 'll enjoy a private beach and outdoor pool  sanibeltropicalwinds.com  . Feeling a bit adventurous ? Sanibel is a mecca for outdoors enthusiasts and you can take your pick of cycling the island 's miles of trails ; kayaking or canoeing its waterways ; water-skiing ; and fishing . Or hit the golf course or tennis courts . Grab a bowl of fish stew at Sweet Melissa 's Cafe . Get the best travel deals and tips emailed to you FREE - CLICK HERE ! Copyright  2011 Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. , all rights reserved .	There 's no reason to wait until summer to head to the beach Spring hotel prices in Point Pleasant , New Jersey , can be a lot lower than summer rates Florida 's Sanibel Island is almost like having your own private isle
CNN  -- Referee Mark Clattenburg has no case to answer in relation to a complaint from Chelsea that he used racist language towards one of their players during a Premier League game . The English Football Association  FA  announced Thursday that their probe into the incident found Clattenburg did not say "  shut up you monkey " to midfielder Jon Obi Mikel , as had been claimed by another of their players , Ramires . And while the official has been completely exonerated , the FA insisted that Chelsea and Ramires , who is the only player to have heard the alleged comment , were right to report the matter . The FA also confirmed Mikel has been charged for his conduct after the game against Manchester United on October 28 when he went into the officials ' changing room to confront Clattenburg . The referee , who has not taken charge of a game since the incident , said in a statement he hoped "  no referee has to go through this in the future . " A statement on the FA 's website read : "  Having considered all of the available evidence it was the opinion of David Waters QC , independent counsel , that the evidence of Ramires was not supported by any other evidence . "  Moreover it was contradicted by other witnesses and does not cross the evidential threshold required to bring a charge against Mark Clattenburg . "  Having considered Counsel 's opinion , and in view of all the circumstances of the case , the FA does not believe that there is a case for Mr Clattenburg to answer . "  Equally the FA is satisfied that the allegation against Mark Clattenburg by Ramires was made in good faith . It is entirely possible for a witness to be genuinely mistaken and convincing in his belief . " The head of the Professional Game Match Officials , who organize England 's referees , said they would be recording all communication between the referee and players in future . Clattenburg added in a statement : "  To know you were innocent of something but that there was the opportunity for it to wreck your career was truly frightening . "  Racism has no place in football and this experience should not discourage those to speak out if they genuinely believe they are a victim of abuse . "  However , there are processes that should be adhered in order that any investigation can be carried out in a manner that is fair for all parties involved . "  I know first-hand the ramifications of allegations of this nature being placed into the public domain ahead of a formal process and investigation . " Chelsea defended their position in a statement released on their official website . "  With regards to the Mark Clattenburg decision , the club accepts the case is now concluded and notes the FA states the allegation was made in good faith , " it read . "  Chelsea FC has a duty of care , as do all employers , to act responsibly when such allegations are reported by employees . "  We did not take the decision to lodge a formal complaint with the FA lightly and followed the correct procedures and protocols throughout . " Chelsea confirmed that Mikel would accept the charge against him , but would request a personal hearing . The Clattenburg decision came as interim manager Rafael Benitez took charge of Chelsea training for the first time after the sacking Wednesday of Roberto Di Matteo . The 3-2 defeat to Manchester United , which saw Fernando Torres controversially sent off by Clattenburg , was the start of a poor run which ultimately cost Di Matteo his job with the European champions .	Referee Mark Clattenburg to face no action from FA after complaint of racism by Chelsea English club reported Clattenburg after exchange with Jon Obi Mikel during Man Utd match FA say Ramires reported he had heard Clattenburg say "  shut up you monkey " to Mikel FA find there 's no case to answer but also say Ramires made allegation in good faith
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Smog in Beijing is now so bad and such a regular occurrence that the country 's civil aviation authority will require the pilots of even small commercial airlines to be able to perform "  blind landings . " The move is aimed at easing delays at Beijing Capital International Airport , which has had the worst flight delays out of 35 international airports . According to China 's state-run China Daily , the Civil Aviation Administration of China  CAAC  will from January 1 require pilots flying from China 's 10 busiest airports to Beijing to be able to use instrument-landing system on hazy days with a visibility of 400 meters . "  It is part of a series of measures the administration took recently to raise flights ' on-time performance , " a CAAC source told the China Daily . Large passenger aircraft from international airlines require their pilots to have a "  blind landing category 2 " certification allowing them to land in poor visibility . This was one of the reasons , the source pointed out , that international airlines suffered fewer delays . The latest bout of smog in Beijing and Shanghai has led to the cancellation or delay of hundreds of flights , stranding passengers and creating chaos at airports . Chinese media reports said that while 80 % of the pilots at Spring Airlines , half of China Eastern and most of Juneyao Airlines pilots had received training , only larger airports such as those in Shanghai , Guangzhou and Xian were equipped with ground systems that allowed for blind landings . A pilot with Cathay Pacific , who did not want to be named because he was not authorized to speak , said that modern jetliners can be brought to land in zero visibility . "  The greatest limitation is really being able to taxi off the runway , " he told CNN , adding that modern aircraft had three systems on-board that could auto-land a plane . He said training in these systems involved identifying deficiencies or failures in any of the systems and establishing at what point the pilots would have to abort a landing . He added that the problems that smog and pollution created for aviation was not just isolated to China and that other countries had also struggled with the problem . "  The whole concept of auto-land was developed in England in the 1960s for the fog that London gets and on top of that all the pollution that they got at the time , " he said . "  This is just the same technology moving into the industrial revolution that 's happening in China at the moment . "	Chinese pilots for even small airlines will be required to get ` blind landing ' training due to smog Aviation authority says smog is now so bad that it is causing delays in flight scheduling International airlines have on board systems that allow them to land with next to no visibility The latest bout of smog in Beijing and Shanghai has led to the cancellation or delay of hundreds of flights
Chances are , someone you know takes a sleeping pill . One in four Americans takes a sleep aid every year , according to the National Sleep Foundation , and the numbers are even higher for women -- one in three uses some sort of sleep medication a few times a week . Many sleeping pills stop working after a few hours , and most should not be combined with other medications . Why do women have such trouble sleeping ? The reasons are as numerous as the passel of pills on the market : anxiety , depression , chronic illness , restless legs syndrome , sleep apnea , everyday exhaustion ... the list goes on and on . No wonder so many sleep aids are available . But sleeping pills , while often quite helpful , are largely misunderstood . Many stop working after a few hours , for instance , and most should never be mixed with other meds . So if you take one of these drugs now -- or plan to in the future -- there are important questions you need to ask . Here , the answers . Q : How do I know if I need a sleeping pill ? A : More than a third of Americans experience occasional insomnia , which is defined as a few nights of restlessness , poor sleep , or trouble falling asleep . The general rule of thumb : If insomnia lasts a month and does n't get better , talk to your doctor , says Frisca L. Yan-Go , M.D. , director of the Sleep Disorders Center at Santa Monica-University of California , Los Angeles , Medical Center and Orthopaedic Hospital . She may recommend a pill for a short period , but do n't be surprised if she suggests some tests or other non drug treatment options first . Health.com : How much sleep do you need ? For starters , your doc may have you visit a sleep specialist to rule out sleep apnea , a common breathing disorder that wakes sufferers several times a night , sometimes without them even knowing it . If you have apnea , you may need a sleeping device that gently forces air into your windpipe . If you do n't have apnea , some docs recommend cognitive behavioral therapy : You work with a trained therapist to change how you think about sleep and learn sleep-inducing techniques  like how to set up your sleep space and what to do before bedtime  . Some studies say CBT is as effective as pills -- if not more -- and has no side effects . Health.com : Health risks of snoring and sleep apnea "  Often people attribute everything bad that happens to them , including being angry and crabby , to lack of sleep , " says Donna Arand , Ph.D. , clinical director of the Kettering Sleep Disorders Center in Kettering , Ohio . "  It puts such a burden on sleep that not sleeping gets blown out of proportion . " CBT changes that kind of distorted thinking and in some cases is prescribed along with a pill . Q : Should I try over-the-counter drugs before a prescription pill ? A : Many sleep experts are n't fans of OTC sleep aids because the meds do n't usually help people with significant insomnia . And many -- like Nytol , Simply Sleep , Sominex , and Unisom -- contain antihistamines  similar to the allergy medicine Benadryl  that can have side effects like dry mouth and eyes and next-day grogginess , Arand says . OTC sleep aids are best for people who have occasional sleep problems . Note : Women who breast-feed should avoid them , as should the elderly , who sometimes are more sensitive to the effects of antihistamines . Q : If I take a prescription pill and still ca n't fall asleep , can I take another ? A : If you 're taking a short-acting drug , such as Sonata , Rozerem , or Ambien -- and it 's still early in the evening -- you can take another pill . Short-acting medications kick in and then fade out , which is why they are prescribed for people who have trouble falling asleep . Health.com : Is stress causing your insomnia ? "  They last about three or four hours , so you could take another pill up until about 3 a.m. because it would metabolize before you wake up , " says Ana Krieger , M.D. , a sleep specialist at New York University .  The timing depends on your sleep schedule , of course , and it 's always wise to check with your doctor , she adds .  Longer-acting drugs like the time-released Ambien CR or Lunesta -- for people who have trouble falling and staying asleep -- should n't be taken more than once a night . Q : Is it safe for me to take a sleeping pill at 11 p.m. if I had a glass of wine or a cocktail around 6 p.m. ? A : It 's probably OK , doctors say , but the sleeping pill wo n't work as well as it should . Here 's why : "  Alcohol becomes a stimulant about three to four hours after you drink it , so you 're actually working against your sleep medication , " Arand says . "  It 's a terrible combination . " Never drink and then immediately take a sleep aid . Why ? Alcohol acts like a sedative at first , so you 'd essentially be getting a double dose of sedatives . This can dangerously slow your heart rate and lead to dizziness , fainting , and shallow breathing , which can deprive your body of oxygen and damage brain cells . Worst case : You may even stop breathing altogether . Health.com : 11 kinds of insomnia Because everyone metabolizes food and alcohol at different rates , there are no safety absolutes when it comes to the minimum number of hours you should wait between consuming alcohol and taking a sleeping pill , experts say . "  But if you 're at a dinner party and really want a drink , have the alcohol early , " Krieger says . "  Then eat dessert without any alcohol and wait as long as possible before taking your sleeping pill . " Q : Can sleeping pills give me nightmares ? A : Not usually , Arand says , "  but some sleep meds can suppress dream recall . " When you stop taking them , the dreams  and possibly nightmares  may return . The mechanism is n't fully understood , but once there 's a withdrawal -- even just when the dosage wears off during the night -- vivid dreams can occur . Q : Can I safely take sleeping pills for several months ? A : There are no known long-term health risks with most sleep aids , but some are more addictive than others . "  The newer medications like Ambien C.R. , Sonata , Rozerem , and Lunesta have been approved by the Food and Drug Administration without a limit on how long they can be prescribed , " Arand says . "  They have a small addiction potential , and some have been shown to be effective up to one year . " The older sleeping pills with secobarbital  Seconal  and pentobarbital  Nembutal  pose a much higher risk of addiction . Tolerance is a common problem with all sleeping pills : After taking them for a while , you need more than the usual dose to help you sleep , which may lead you to think you 're addicted . If the drug does n't seem to be working as well as it used to or if you 're taking more than your prescribed dosage , tell your doctor ; she can change or adjust your medication . Q : I 've been taking sleeping pills for several months . What 's the best way to wean myself off ? A : With your doctor 's help , gradually step down your meds . Generally , you want to reduce drugs by one clinical dose per week : If you 're taking 10 milligrams of traditional Ambien a night , start taking 5 mg a night for a week , Arand recommends . Next , cut that pill in half and take that amount for a week . Then , stop taking the drug altogether . Medications in pill  not capsule  form that are n't time-release versions are OK to split .  You can split Ambien , for instance , but not Ambien CR . Q : I 've heard of rebound insomnia . Is it really harder to fall asleep and stay asleep without pills if I 've taken them a few times ? A : You might have some trouble , Krieger says , though it 's less likely with the newer pills -- these include Rozerem , Sonata , and Lunesta . "  Give it a few days to adjust after you stop taking the medication , " Arand explains . If you still ca n't sleep , talk to your physician . Rebound insomnia is one of the reasons some experts recommend CBT over sleep medications . Q : If I do n't want to use sleeping pills , are natural remedies worth trying ? A : Yes , but do n't expect miracles . Melatonin , a sleep hormone your body makes naturally , and the herb valerian may be helpful  both are available at drugstores  , but some experts feel there 's a lack of research to back up the effectiveness of these supplements . Plus , they 're not regulated like drugs , so you do n't always know what you 're getting . That said , if you want to try melatonin , take 0.2 to 1 mg about four hours before bedtime : "  It 's safe to take every day , " Krieger says . "  As we age , our bodies secrete less of it , so taking a supplement can be helpful . " Melatonin may be particularly beneficial when you travel several time zones to the east  like Europe  and have trouble falling asleep . As for valerian , there 's no recommended dosage , and it 's not clear how the herb works . Before using any supplement , check with your doctor ; combining them with other medications -- sleeping pills or otherwise -- can be risky . Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright Health Magazine 2009	One in four Americans takes a sleep aid every year , organization says Some studies say cognitive behavioral therapy works as well as pills Expert : OTC sleep aids are best for people with occasional sleep problems . Never drink alcohol and then immediately take a sleep aid
CNN  -- At this year 's International Consumer Electronics Show , the televisions will be bigger , the watches smarter and more attractive , and the homes and cars more connected . CES , which kicks off next week in Las Vegas , is a giant technology trade show that mixes dozens of major tech companies with hundreds of scrappy startups . The big names show off their most recent lines of gadgets alongside eye-catching prototypes of future devices that may or may not ever make it into stores . Smaller companies fill booths with oddball gadgets and robots , plus more mundane fillers like phone accessories . Here 's a peek at what to expect from 2014 's first big technology conference . A gadget for every limb There are devices to go on wrists , faces , waistbands and necks . Wearable-technology makers will push even harder to make these small gadgets go mainstream after a year of mostly awkward and misguided offerings . The main focus has been on smartwatches , but so far products like Samsung 's Galaxy Gear have combined only half-baked hardware and clunky designs . Google Glass is not yet available outside a select group of beta testers , but it already has something of a reputation problem . One area that has managed to find a profitable niche is fitness tech . Wearable devices like the FitBit keep it simple by tracking steps , calories and other workout stats , and by synching collected data to smartphones . Fitness wearables overlap with health tech , with devices that track vital signs and help doctors monitor patients from far away . But it 's still unclear if companies will be able to transition sporty and geeky wearables into legitimately fashionable designs that will appeal to mainstream consumers . Major tech companies at CES can be particularly tone-deaf when it comes to appealing to women .  An area of the show floor dubbed "  Mommy Tech " is an ominous sign . The intelligent house It 's not enough for phones and wristwatches to be smart . Some of the same technology that goes into wearable devices  tiny sensors and low-power wireless connections  is being used to make homes more connected as well . The promise of a smart home that saves energy and can be controlled from a phone has been around for several years , but the industry was still figuring out how to best make the various devices speak to each other . This year there will be even more vendors shilling home gadgets , but outside of home security systems -- a smart thermometer like Nest or a code lock -- it 's not clear whether regular consumers are itching to wire up their entire homes so that they can dim the lights from halfway around the world . The home-automation industry still has some issues to untangle before it connects with mainstream homeowners . Conflicting communications standards , like ZigBee and Z-Wave , are fighting for supremacy . A handful of major companies want to own the entire connected-home ecosystem , such as Lowe 's with its Iris system . Other smaller companies such as SmartThings see a future where various bits and pieces of a home from different vendors can work together . TVs are still a thing Televisions continue to be a dominant product at CES , with major companies like Sony , Samsung , LG and Sharp trying to make screens bigger , higher-resolution and splashier than ever before . There will be gimmicky and extremely costly features , like curved screens , and other new form factors that will appeal only to the most well-funded audio/visual fanatic . Last year , 4K was the new ultra high-resolution buzzword , but the volume of 4K content continues to be minimal .  Expect to see some new 4K compatible cameras and camcorders .  Google gave the format a boost this year when it announced it is working on a way for the new devices to stream 4K content from services like YouTube without gobbling up all the bandwidth . The new streaming format , called VP9 , will be demonstrated by major TV manufacturers at CES . Other TV trends will include OLED screens , Internet compatibility in the form of improved TV operating systems , and gesture controls . Many TV companies have eased off of 3-D televisions , which still have n't caught on despite years of hype . Cars connect with smartphones Driving and smartphones may not mix now , but car companies are still looking into ways to safely combine the two . Detroit 's annual auto show does n't take place until later in January , but the tech developments inside the cars will make an early appearance at CES . It takes much longer to design and produce a new car than it does a smartphone , tablet or computer . That means such in-car technology as dashboard computers often feel out of date as soon as they 're released . Some car manufacturers are working around this issue by adding compatibility for iOS and Android devices and including safe new ways to interact with the systems while keeping eyes on the road . Cars are new territory for the smartphone operating-system battle , with Apple and Google each angling for prime placement inside of popular car brands . For example , Audi is expected to announce next week a partnership with Google to bring Android systems to its cars . In-car information and entertainment systems are a minor feature when compared to what 's going on inside some vehicles . Major car companies , universities and tech companies like Google are all working on automated-driving features . Fully self-driving cars are still a ways off , but early features that will let vehicles communicate with other cars , gather data about your driving patterns and take over in stop-and-go traffic are beginning to appear . The games people play CES is not the biggest show for video-gaming news . The major console releases came out just ahead of the holiday rush , and game shows E3 and GDC do n't take place until later in the year . But some smaller gaming products will bring a bit of fun to CES this year . Mobile gaming is a huge market , so look for smartphone - and tablet-compatible accessories and controls , motion sensors and fun add-ons that communicate with your devices over Bluetooth . Valve 's SteamOS gaming platform is expected to have a big presence at CES , while cult darling Oculus Rift -- a virtual reality headset -- also will be on the floor . Some tech that started with game systems , such as motion-controlled interfaces , will branch out into other devices .	The International Consumer Electronics show starts Monday in Las Vegas TVs will get bigger  and curved  , and will add more "  smart " features Tiny sensors will lead to a boom in home and wearable gadgets
World outrage grew Saturday as details emerged about an attack in the Syrian village of Houla , which left more than 90 people dead , including nearly three dozen children , according to the United Nations . U.N. observers went to Houla and viewed the bodies , a day after opposition activists reported a massacre there at the hands of the Syrian regime . The activists said entire families were killed . "  Whoever started , whoever responded and whoever took part in this deplorable act of violence should be held responsible , " Maj. Gen. Robert Mood , the head of the U.N. Supervision Mission in Syria , said in a statement . Thirty-two children under the age of 10 and more than 60 adults were killed Friday , the statement read . Circumstances that led to the deaths are unclear , he said . Later , Mood told CNN that observers counted 85 bodies and that 34 of the dead were children under the age of 10 . The discrepancy with the earlier number could not immediately be explained . Observers confirmed the use of artillery and tank shells , Mood said . "  This indiscriminate and disproportionate use of force is unacceptable and unforgivable . The killing of innocent children and civilians needs to stop , " said the major general . He stressed that unarmed U.N. observers are just "  one small ingredient " in the effort to end the ongoing violence in Syria . "  At some point , obviously , there will be a discussion about other alternatives and other ways forward , but that is a discussion that has to be within the context of the U.N. Security Council and the key stakeholders to all of this , " Mood told CNN . Syrian state media reported the observers ' visits Saturday to several towns and cities and blamed al Qaeda-linked groups for the deaths in Houla . State TV broadcast Houla images filmed by opposition activists and reported that "  more than 50 children were killed ... by criminals and killers who aim to hurt Syria . " The government has consistently blamed "  armed terrorists " for violence in Syria . Rebels leaders interpreted the latest massacre as evidence that a United Nations cease-fire and peace plan are n't working and called for retaliatory attacks . "  We call on our fighters , the soldiers and the revolutionaries , to conduct organized and planned military strikes against Assad battalions and regime members , " Brig. Gen. Mustafa Al-Sheikh , a top leader in the rebel group , said in a video statement posted on YouTube . A network of Syrian opposition activists , the Local Coordination Committees of Syria , blamed "  forces and armed militias " of the Syrian government for "  a new massacre " in Houla . "  This barbaric act was preceded by the regime 's mortar shelling in the town , " the LCC said in a statement . "  The campaign ended when the armed militias slaughtered entire families in cold blood . " Graphic video posted on YouTube purportedly shows the lifeless bodies of small children killed in Houla . They are spread on the floor amid blankets , caked in blood . One child is turned to reveal a head wound . CNN could not independently confirm the authenticity of the video , nor can it confirm reports from within the country because the government strictly limits access by foreign journalists . In a joint statement with U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon , joint special envoy to Syria Kofi Annan said he is contacting Syrian authorities "  to convey in the clearest terms the expectations of the international community . " "  This appalling and brutal crime involving indiscriminate and disproportionate use of force is a flagrant violation of international law and of the commitments of the Syrian government to cease the use of heavy weapons in population centers and violence in all its forms , " the joint statement said . "  Those responsible for perpetrating this crime must be held to account . " U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton condemned the Houla killings . "  Those who perpetrated this atrocity must be identified and held to account , " Clinton said in a statement . "  And the United States will work with the international community to intensify our pressure on  Syrian President Bashar al-Assad  and his cronies , whose rule by murder and fear must come to an end . " Turkey 's President on Egypt , Syria and Israel Lt. Bassim al-Khaled , a spokesman of the rebel Free Syrian Movement , said more bloodshed is forthcoming . The al-Assad government is using the cease-fire and peace plan "  to kill more people and is trying to crush the uprising , " al-Khaled said . "  So the only language this regime is going to understand is the language of the gun . Wait and see , we will make them pay for each drop of blood which was shed , " al-Khaled said . Britain also condemned the massacre , calling Saturday for an urgent session of the U.N. Security Council and a full account of the "  appalling crime . " More regime attacks Saturday killed 60 people across the country , including 25 in Homs , just south of Houla , according to the Local Coordination Committees . The Local Coordination Committees earlier Saturday decried the world 's "  apparent blindness " to the violence in Syria . Months of U.N. Security Council attempts to resolve the crisis have failed to have any effect . Ban said Friday the full cadre of 300 U.N. observers authorized by the Council will be in Syria in the coming days . Ban issued a sobering report Friday on the Syrian crisis , detailing "  continuing reports of a stepped-up security crackdown by the authorities that has led to massive violations of humans rights ... including arbitrary arrests , torture , enforced disappearance and summary execution of activists , opponents and defectors . " In a letter to the head of the U.N. Security Council , obtained by CNN , Ban said he is deeply concerned that the Syrian violence has not stopped despite the presence of the monitors and the agreement by both sides to a peace plan . U.N. officials say more than 9,000 people , mostly civilians , have died and tens of thousands have been uprooted since the uprising began in March 2011 . Opposition groups report a death toll of more than 11,000 people . Since al-Assad 's government and opposition forces accepted Annan 's peace plan in March , at least 1,635 people have been killed , the LCC said Saturday . Following the reported massacre in Houla on Friday , the rebel Free Syrian Army implored members of the international "  Friends of Syria " group to form a military coalition to launch airstrikes against al-Assad forces . Meanwhile , the state-run Syrian Arab News Agency  SANA  said that "  al-Qaeda-linked terrorist groups " massacred a couple and their six sons and a father and son in the rural village of al-Shumariyeh village in the Homs province . The agency also said similar terrorist groups massacred a family of seven , including three children , in the same province 's rural town of Taldo . The groups also burned houses and crops and blamed the army for bombarding the area , SANA reported . The terror group also sabotaged the National Hospital in the area and attacked a law enforcement headquarters , SANA said .	Leader of the Free Syrian Army calls for retaliatory attacks against the government Syrian state media says al Qaeda-linked groups are responsible for the violence U.N. observers see the bodies of close to three dozen children Major general : "  Whoever took part in this deplorable act ... should be held responsible "
CNN  -- The case against Joran Van der Sloot , who is suspected of killing a woman in a Peruvian hotel , was headed to the prosecutor 's office on Wednesday . Van der Sloot and his new private defense attorney were in court on Tuesday for a preliminary hearing . The hearing was held behind closed doors at the Castro Castro prison outside of Lima . No cameras were allowed . The hearing was postponed last week because Van der Sloot did not have legal representation . Van der Sloot was once the prime suspect in the disappearance in Aruba of American teenager Natalee Holloway , who vanished at age 18 while on a graduation trip . He was arrested twice but never charged in connection with her disappearance . He was arrested in May 2010 following the death of Stephany Flores . Formal charges could take up to two months to be filed , depending on the backlog . Once charges are filed against him , a three-judge panel will set the date for a trial to begin . "  For the Van der Sloot case , we may be looking at five to seven sessions for the oral proceedings , one session per week approximately , " said Giovanna Gismondi , an expert on the Peruvian criminal legal system now teaching international relations at the University of Oklahoma . Last week , Ricardo Flores described the first time he saw the alleged killer of his daughter face to face . "  It was a very tough moment , " he told CNN June 8 shortly after leaving a courtroom inside the prison , noting that it seemed Van der Sloot was enjoying many privileges . "  I thought I 'd see someone skinny ... but no , he was fatter than when he first went to prison . " His daughter was found dead in a Lima hotel room registered to Van der Sloot in May 2010 . Police say Van der Sloot took money and bank cards from her wallet and fled to Chile , where he was arrested a few days later . Earlier this month , Van der Sloot 's defense attorney , Maximo Altez , resigned , citing differences in strategy . In Session 's Mayra Cuevas and CNN en Espanol 's Patricia Janiot contributed to this report .	NEW : The prosecutor has the case ; it could be two months before formal charges are filed Van der Sloot is suspected of killing Stephany Flores in a Peruvian hotel Ricardo Flores says the last hearing was the first time he saw Van der Sloot face-to-face Van der Sloot was once the main suspect in the Natalee Holloway disappearance
Wired  -- Facebook 's iPad app could be a lot closer to launch than we thought . A full-sized , fully-functional version of the iPad app is hidden inside the current iPhone app . That means that , if you are running the iPhone app you already have the iPad executable on your phone . Discovered by M.G Siegler , Apple writer for AOL 's Tech Crunch , the iPad app is a lot more modern-looking than the tired old iPhone version , and looks a lot like Twitter 's official iPad app . On the left is a source list to navigate between your Wall , info , photos and friends sections . Up top , below the status bar , you 'll find more icons to take you to different sections  places and chat , amongst others  , and if you flip to horizontal orientation you get a combination of both these navigation "  aids , " and the top-bar nav icons remain . In short , Facebook has managed to fully port the signature confusion of its website to a tablet app , a not insignificant achievement . Siegler , who found the app after reading about it on Twitter , calls the app "  spectacular . " The discovery was made by a an engineering student named Marvin Bernal , who also gives instructions on how to get it running on your own iPad . If you are smart enough to know what that means , and yet you still use Facebook , then go ahead and hack away . The rest of us can either wait for the official launch , or wait for Google to release Google Plus for the iPad . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Facebook 's iPad app appears to be more modern-looking than the old iPhone version Below the status bar are icons that lead to different sections like places and chat The official launch of the long-awaited Facebook iPad app has yet to occur
CNN  -- Hundreds of thousands lost power due to a potent storm system that extended eastward from the Plains toward the Northeast on Thursday , bringing with it high winds and destructive lightning . Severe thunderstorm watches were in effect at one point Thursday evening for a continuous stretch from Oklahoma through New Jersey . The danger could lurk for several hours longer , with the National Weather Service issuing such warnings in Delaware , Maryland , New Jersey , Kentucky , Virginia , Arkansas and other points in between . Well before then , the system had already packed a punch . In Pennsylvania , a tree crushed a woman in her car as she sought shelter at a campsite , killing her , said Glenn Dunn , the emergency management coordinator for Potter County . A 61-year-old man in Brooklyn , New York , died after lightning struck a church sending a scaffold crashing down on him , authorities said . Share your images of the storm with iReport . Witnesses reported trees in the region buckling under the impact . "  The trees were bending sideways ,  and  the sky just went really dark and green , " said Mark Ventrini , a photographer , of the scene around 7:30 p.m. as he headed toward Belmar , New Jersey . "  Some of the storms were pretty intense . " The weather service had received reports of possible tornadoes touching down in Elmira , New York , and Brookville , Pennsylvania . Emergency managers in Broome County , New York , reported people trapped inside a home because of downed trees in the town of Vestal . Strong storms also caused damage in Binghamton , New York , but the weather service said no injuries or fatalities have been reported . Stunning pictures arise from New York storm The residual and more widespread damage came in the form of extensive power outages . More than 100,000 First Energy customers in Pennsylvania , for instance , did n't have electricity as of 10 p.m. ET , with other utilities like PECO and PPL reporting tens of thousands of others similarly in the dark . An hour earlier , New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo issued a press release stating there were nearly 95,000 customers without power in that state , mostly NYSEG and Central Hudson customers . Cuomo also declared a state of emergency for hard-hit Chemung County in the southwestern part of the state . Many more people took in the impressive lightning storms , with daunting bolts preceding booming claps of thunder in small towns and big cities . "  The brunt of the storm itself was intense but short -- there was very strong rain and wind for about 15 minutes , at which point the rain cleared and the lightning show began , " said Matthew Burke , a CNN iReporter who photographed lightning sprawling across the New York City skyline . Several states away , tens of thousands also were in the dark , though power was being restored at a fairly fast rate . AEP Ohio , for instance , reported just over 51,000 customers lacking electricity at 6:15 p.m. , yet more than 20,000 of those had the lights back on by 10 p.m. CNN 's Greg Botelho , Lila King , Julie Cannold and Dominique Dodley contributed to this report .	NEW : Storms kill one in New York and one in Pennsylvania More than 200,000 in Ohio , New Jersey and other states lose power "  Trees were bending sideways , " a man in New Jersey says National Weather Service reports possible tornado touchdowns in the Northeast
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- Supporters and members of the gay and lesbian community in Kenya blasted the country 's prime minister Monday after he said anyone engaging in homosexual activity should be arrested . "  The gay community is very scared as the Prime Minister 's statement will incite more violence against visible gays , " David Kuria , a spokesperson for the Gay and Lesbian Coalition of Kenya told CNN . Prime Minister Raila Odinga made the comments Sunday while attending a rally in the Kibera neighborhood of Nairobi . "  The constitution is very clear on this issue and men or women found engaging in homosexuality will not be spared , " Odinga said during the rally . "  If we find a man engaging in homosexuality or a woman in lesbianism , we 'll arrest them and put them in jail , " Odinga said . Homosexuality is a crime in Kenya and has a jail term of up to 14 years . The country 's new constitution disallows same-sex unions . Gay rights have been a source of contention in Kenya in the past . In February an armed group raided a government health center that provides HIV/AIDS services to the community . The group insisted they were trying to "  flush out the gays , " according to a Human Rights Watch report . A spokesperson of the prime minister 's office , Dennis Onyango told CNN that the comments made by Odinga were off the cuff and were not a directive to arrest anyone . Kuria said the comments triggered state-sponsored homophobia . "  All the years of hard work we 've done to curtail intimidation , violence and blackmail towards homosexuals has now been adversely reversed , " said Kuria . Lawrence Mute of the Kenya National Human Rights Commission says that the prime minister 's comments unwisely encourage hate crimes based on assumed sexuality . "  Under the bill of rights , people should be treated equally regardless of their sexual orientation , " Mute said . Lillian Leposo contributed to this report .	Prime minister says gays , lesbians to be arrested Activist : "  Gay community is very scared " Odinga made remarks at Nairobi rally Homosexuality is a crime in Kenya carrying a 14-year jail term
CNN  -- Technology has been changing the way we access , enjoy and discuss our entertainment . From smartphones and tablets with streaming movies to video game consoles offering TV shows alongside game play , consumers have increasingly become accustomed to their entertainment colliding and intertwining in new and interesting ways . In an effort to expand that world , the creators of "  Defiance " are banking on the combined power of an online third-person shooter video game and a weekly science fiction television series to keep fans hooked and actively involved in the franchise . Trion Games and SyFy Network joined forces five years ago to create "  a truly unique entertainment experience , " according to Nathan Richardsson , VP of development for Trion and executive producer of "  Defiance . " The "  Defiance " world is set in the year 2046 on a transformed Earth ravaged by conflict and alien attacks . Mutants , evil alien races and robots terrorize what 's left of civilization and those who have the wealth and power have fled to Antarctica -- the last refuge for those who want to live comfortably . The game takes place in the San Francisco area while the TV series is set in St. Louis , or what used to be St. Louis before alien terraforming technology destroyed most of the city . The town is now called Defiance , with a population of about 6,000 people of different races . Creators say the geographic split of the story was necessary so each property could stand on its own . Mark Stern , president of original content at SyFy , said a gaming world where hundreds of players are completing missions would n't be a good environment for TV storytelling . "  We really did need to keep them distinct and not worry about what we could and could n't do , " Stern said . "  We did n't want lots of people running up and down our streets  in St. Louis  shooting everything . It was going to be very , very hard to keep those things separate in that very specific way . " That 's not to say the show and the game are completely separate . Events that happen in the game will refer to , and possibly affect , things in the TV series and vice versa . Rob Hill , senior producer at Trion , points out the two main characters from the show , Joshua Nolan and Irisa , actually appear in the game before they show up in the series and go on missions with the player . "  Those two characters leave the game , " Hill said . "  They drive away from the player having gotten an object the player helped them get and then drive into the television show .  They  end up using that object , which really helps the solution to the pilot  episode  . " The game , which is available on the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 consoles as well as Windows-based computers , launched two weeks before the SyFy series premier to give fans of the "  Defiance " universe a taste of what was to come in the show . However , you do n't have to watch the show to understand the game -- and vice versa . Hill said the game and the show can stand alone , but the idea of expanding the world through different outlets at the same time was something they felt would enhance the viewer 's , or player 's , enjoyment of the franchise . "  You 'll be missing a lot of background of what maybe happens from either the show or the game , he said . "  It wo n't be something you are confused by . It wo n't be ` Why did that just happen ? '  But  if you play the game and are watching the show , you might have an inner knowledge that other people wo n't have about the show . " While both teams were telling a story in the same universe , Stern said the creative process was like digging a tunnel through opposite sides of a mountain to meet in the center . "  They 're  Trion  building this deep , rich world and we were trying to create interesting character drama , " Stern said . "  That was a great benefit to us to have a company working 24 hours a day building out this detail , like a 300-page world Bible , that we could tap when it did become time for us to worry about  questions like  ` What color are the trees ? ' ` What do the buildings exactly look like ? ' " Hill agreed , saying Trion pushed SyFy to think about larger details earlier when the show producers wanted to work in character details . "  We need to define a universe early because our entire game is computer-generated graphics and they take a long time to build . They usually think about what the universe looks like , what it sounds like , and they usually figure that out after they 've got an initial script written , " he said . While some of the discussion about story development , environments and the overall reach of "  Defiance " got heated , the idea of making something brand new kept both sides focused . Stern said there was genuine enthusiasm on both sides to make it work , but the pressure was intense . "  There 's so much scrutiny because of what it is , " he said . "  There 's also this real responsibility feel that , if this does n't work , you 've condemned the idea in general , which is not necessarily fair . " Are science fiction and gaming fans ready for this type of multilayered entertainment ? The crossover audience between those two genres seems to be a natural and large one . "  The SyFy show  is only on for an hour a week and 13 episodes a season , and then people have to wait for the next season , " Hill points out . "  The fan base really gets into the universe behind these television shows and they do n't get to live in it outside of those 13 episodes . We give them the opportunity to come into the game and live in the universe 24/7 if they want to . " "  Defiance "  the game  is available now for the PlayStation 3 , Xbox 360 and Windows PC . It is an online game so it does require an Internet connection to play at all times . It is rated M for Mature due to blood , drug references , sexual themes , strong language , and violence . "  Defiance "  the show  premiered April 15 on the SyFy channel and will run weekly until July 8 .	"  Defiance " launched as both a video game and TV show Creators neither depends on the other , but that they accent each other Characters from a mission in the game later appear on the show The game is set in futuristic San Franisco , while the show 's in St. Louis
CNN  -- There will be no more "  Achy Breaky Heart " for Billy Ray Cyrus . The singer/actor and his wife , Tish , have called off their divorce , according to a statement from the couple . "  We both woke up and realized we love each other and decided we want to stay together , " the statement said . "  We both went into couples therapy , something we have n't done in 22 years of being together , and it 's brought us closer together and really opened up our communication in amazing ways . " The pair announced in June that they had split . They have five children together , including actress Miley Cyrus . In announcing their reconciliation , Tish Cyrus pointed to the pressures of being married while in the public eye . "  We 've had rough times but we both realized we did n't want to be another statistic and wanted to make it work , " she added in the statement .	Cyrus and his wife announced their break up in June The couple have decided to give it another go Tish Cyrus says they "  wanted to make it work "
Lawmakers from both parties defended the Obama administration 's attempt to rescue American journalist Luke Somers early Sunday morning , even though the dangerous mission did not result in saving Somer 's life . "  It was an unfortunate outcome , " House Intelligence Committee Chairman Mike Rogers , a Republican , told Candy Crowley on CNN 's "  State of the Union . " "  But I do believe you have to make these kinds of decisions . " Rep. Adam Schiff , D-California , who also serves on committee , said on "  CNN Newsroom " on Sunday , "  Obviously we would have loved to be able to rescue these hostages and preserve their lives . " "  But I think it was the right decision to make ... The President made the call , the tough call that it was worth the risk . And I think he was exactly right , " he said . American photojournalist Luke Somers and South African Pierre Korkie , a teacher who was reportedly set to be released on Sunday , were fatally shot in the compound by terrorists as the secret mission unfolded , a U.S. official said Sunday . Some critics have argued , in light of recent hostage killings , the administration should reconsidered its policy not to negotiate ransoms with terrorist organizations . But in a visit to Afghanistan Sunday , Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel defended the administration 's policy , while also acknowledging that the Pentagon needs to be careful in how it conducts raids . "  There 's an immense amount of focus and time and review that goes into these operations , " Hagel told reporters , according to a pool report . "  So , I do n't think it 's a matter of going back and having a review of our process . Our process is about as thorough as there can be . " "  Is it imperfect ? Yes . Is there risk ? Yes . But we start with the fact that we have an American that 's being held hostage , and that American 's life is in danger . That 's where we start , and then we proceed from there , " said the outgoing secretary . Both Rogers and Schiff also defended the administration 's hostage policy -- and like Hagel -- they acknowledged that improvements need to be made to U.S. rescue operations . "  When you pay ransom , you get more kidnappings . That 's certainly what we saw across Africa . We 're certainly seeing it in Yemen as well , " Rogers said . "  If we 're going to be extorted into paying ransom to al Qaeda so that they can rape women and blow up buildings and kill civilians , men , women and children , that 's a pretty bad plan to start with . I agreed with the President 's decision . " Schiff reinforced Roger 's position that paying ransoms only fuels more violence . "  I think you end up funding other hostage taking and the cycle just perpetuates itself , so I think our decision is the right one , " he said . "  Rather , try to rescue our hostages than pay ransoms , and , of course , prospectively trying to keep our people out of harm 's way . I think that is really the right policy , as painful as it is , and as enormously agonizing as it is for the families of these hostages . "	Lawmakers on both sides of the aisle defended the Obama administration 's Yemeni rescue attempt A failed effort led to the deaths of hostages Luke Somers , an American journalist , and Pierre Korkie , a South African teacher The U.S. should n't pay ransoms to terrorists , the lawmakers said
Washington  CNN  -- U.S. authorities were keeping a close watch on Libya 's rapidly unfolding political crisis Monday , in part to see what possibilities might exist for meaningful reform , a senior Obama administration official said . Among other things , Washington was taking a close look at a speech delivered Sunday by Saif al-Islam Gadhafi -- Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi 's son -- which included warnings of a civil war if demonstrations in the North African country do n't stop . In the same speech , Saif Gadhafi also acknowledged changing times regionally and proposed "  radical " reforms -- like bolstering local governments , relaxing restrictive laws , raising salaries , extending loans , and drafting a constitution , which does n't now exist . Obama officials continued to discuss with their Libyan counterparts the need to avoid violence against peaceful protesters , the official added . President Barack Obama was briefed on the situation in Libya by his national security adviser , Tom Donilon , on Sunday night , the official also said . Despite the warning from Gadhafi 's son , Libya 's protesters are showing no sign of an intention to back down . After Gadhafi 's government apparently lost control of the city of Benghazi , some angry protesters in Tripoli said they hoped for a similar turn of events in the nation 's capital . Tripoli residents said state-run al-Shababiya TV was attacked Sunday evening by anti-government protesters . CNN , however , could not immediately confirm reports . The Libyan government maintains tight control on communications and has not responded to repeated requests from CNN for access to the country . CNN has interviewed numerous witnesses by phone . The current unrest , spurred largely by demands for freedom and angst over high unemployment , has left at least 233 people dead in Libya , according to Human Rights Watch , citing information from hospital sources . CNN 's Alan Silverleib and Jill Dougherty contributed to this report	American officials are exploring possibilities for reform in Libya The Obama administration is stressing the need to avoid violence against protesters Gadhafi 's son has warned of a possible civil war if protesters do not back down
New York  CNN  -- The big news in the Big Apple this week may be what did n't happen . There was not a single reported slaying , stabbing , shooting or knifing in any of the five boroughs on Monday , according to the New York Police Department . "  It is unusual in a city of 8 million people , but we never read that much into one day , " said Deputy Police Commissioner Paul Browne , who said it was the "  first time in memory " that the city had had such a lull in violent crime . The violence-free stretch spanned 36 hours , starting Sunday evening when a man was shot in the head and lasted until Tuesday morning with another shooting , police said . For a city that once suffered from high crime rates , Monday 's feat fits into a broader trend of dropping homicide rates , police say . "  The city hopes to finish out the year with the lowest homicide rate sine 1960 , " said Browne . In 1990 , police say the city tallied just under 2,300 homicides . By 2002 , that number had dropped below 600 . So far in 2012 , police say that number is 366 . "  If you think back to how bad things were in the 1970s and '80s , you were lucky if you had a few hours go by where you did n't have a violent crime , nevermind a whole day , " said NYPD historian Michael Cronin . Nationwide , there were 14,612 murders in 2011 , on average one every 36 minutes , the FBI reported . That 's a small decline from 14,722 in 2010 . In October , the FBI said violent crime across the nation fell for the fifth consecutive year in 2011 with murder , rape and robbery all declining , but it noted that violent crime remains a serious problem in many urban areas . The FBI crime statistics differed from a telephone crime survey released in October by the Justice Department . That report showed crime increasing last year but attributed the change to a jump in simple assaults . James Alan Fox , a criminologist at Northeastern University in Boston , said many of those assaults described to interviewers were pushing-and-shoving incidents with no injuries and were not reported to any law enforcement agencies . New York nanny pleads not guilty in child deaths	No slayings , stabbings , shootings or knifings reported in any of the five boroughs The violence-free stretch is part of a downward trend in crime in the city , police say FBI says violent crime is decreasing nationwide but remains problem in urban areas
CNN Student News  -- May 28 , 2014 Think fast : Who made the first solo flight around the world ? In today 's show , you 'll hear the answer , and you 'll also hear about who 's vying for the record of youngest pilot in the category ! We also cover news concerning U.S. troop levels in Afghanistan , a debate surrounding school lunches , and the use of airplanes in tracking crime suspects . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : What points do you think should be addressed when producing a story about a debate over a controversial law ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . combat mission 2 . surveillance 3 . visually impaired Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . About how many U.S. troops are currently deployed in Afghanistan ? About how many did President Obama say will be there next year ? How will the role of the remaining troops change ? What condition has to be met in order for some U.S. troops to stay in the country ? How did some Republicans respond regarding the president 's announcement about U.S. troops in Afghanistan ? 2 . What was the goal of the child nutrition law that was passed in 2010 ? What did the law require schools and students to do ? According to the video : Who is a major supporter of this law ? Why do some people want the law changed ? 3 . According to the video : How does the company in the video use planes to help law enforcement ? What does the Dayton , Ohio police chief say about this technology ? Why are some critical of it ? How does the company respond ? 4 . Who is Matt Guthmiller ? If he meets his goal , what distinction will he add to this accomplishment ? How long does he think this flight will take ? How does he plan to keep in touch with people along the way ? What does he hope his trip will do for other young people ? 5 . What is beep kickball ? For whom was the game created ? What equipment is part of this game ? Why do its players wear blindfolds ? What do students , parents and teachers in the video have to say about the game ? Discussion Questions : 1 . What is your opinion of President Obama 's military strategy in Afghanistan ? Do you agree or disagree with the decision to keep about 10,000 U.S. troops there to help train the country 's security forces ? State your rationale . 2 . Do you think that federal laws are effective in encouraging students to eat healthier meals ? Why or why not ? Who do you think is ultimately responsible for the food choices that students should make : the government , the school , parents or the students themselves ? 3 . Do you think that what Matt Guthmiller is attempting to do is inspirational ? Why or why not ? Have you ever been inspired by the achievement of another young person ? Explain . How did that achievement impact what you thought about your own potential ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- The death toll from the magnitude-7 .1 earthquake in the central Philippines rose to 144 on Wednesday , authorities said . The quake , which struck Tuesday , injured 291 people and rattled many celebrating a religious holiday . The bulk of the casualties were in Bohol province . More than 20 people are missing , and authorities are checking into reports of people trapped in collapsed buildings , the Philippines News Agency reported . The quake was centered about 620 kilometers  385 miles  south-southeast of Manila , near Catigbian , and its depth was 20 kilometers  12 miles  , according to the U.S. Geological Survey . The Philippines disaster council gave the temblor a slightly higher rating : 7.2 magnitude . iReport : ` Our building is not safe ' Tuesday was a national holiday , the beginning of the Muslim festival of Eid al-Adha . There was no widespread threat of a tsunami , the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center said . It warned that earthquakes this large can sometimes cause tsunamis within 100 kilometers of the epicenter . Tourist Robert Michael Poole said he was riding a bike in Bohol when the earthquake struck and cracked the road in front of him . "  It was very strong , " Poole said . "  I live in Tokyo . I am used to earthquakes . But this one was very strong . It shocked a lot of people here . " He said he was able to move around and document some of the destruction , including a giant church that was decimated . "  Lucky thing is that it is a holiday here today and it happened at a time when nobody was in the church , " Poole said . New earthquake strikes hard-hit Pakistan Measuring the magnitude of earthquakes CNN 's Joseph Netto and Tim Schwarz contributed to this report .	NEW : Death toll rises to 144 ; almost 300 people injured More than 20 people are missing The quake was centered near a town in Bohol province It hit on a national holiday in the Philippines
CNN  -- The concepts of emotional intelligence  EI  , self-worth , authenticity and employee meditation rooms might conjure up thoughts of new age healing centers . But the benefits of tapping employees ' emotional happiness mean the ideas are now being picked up by mainstream corporations . Brochner Hotels , one of Copenhagen ' s oldest and most successful boutique hotel chains , is one business discovering the benefits of EI . Karim Nielsen , the chain 's CEO , says he introduced the strategy to shift the company 's culture . Nielsen points to a reluctance , at times , of staff members to engage with customers , to sell its products and promote the brand . "  The front desk is like a stop sign they do n't go beyond , " he says . Now , Nielsen is sending all hotel employees through EI training to help them become more open and confident , understand their own limitations and fears , and to boost their self-worth and comfort in dealing with other people . Attendees get a full EI profile of themselves , which helps break down how they relate to others , their level of empathy , authenticity , and leadership abilities . This information is used to improve their communication with others . The classes also , typically , include meditation or visualization practices . Nielsen uses it to "  empower -LSB- employees -RSB- and make them more of the great people they already are . " He adds , "  it gives us a very open , expressive work environment , where people are not afraid to speak up and where everyone -LSB- is -RSB- bringing solutions to the table . " Dan Iversen , managing director of Behavior Change Specialist , which has trained around 7,000 business leaders across Europe , helped customize the Brochner hotels training programs . "  We teach people how to actively and intelligently use their feelings in the development of individuals and teams , " Iversen says . But do feelings really have a place in business ? Yes , Iversen says . "  From kids we 're taught to disregard our feelings , to stop crying when we fall , and to sit still and be quiet . But feelings exist . We accept that and we work with that . It sounds simple but for most people this takes training . " He adds , "  what often limit us are our own attitudes and beliefs , and that 's where EI can be really powerful . You ca n't be a good salesperson if you 're convinced you 're not . " At Denmark 's division of Saint-Gobain , a Fortune 500 company and worldwide leader in construction markets , BCS was asked to help improve cooperation and team work . "  It was a bit like a schoolyard sometimes , ' says procurement director Jan Warrer . "  People would have disagreements , not take responsibility and not know how to resolve things . But , we now have a far better atmosphere , we communicate openly , we deal with problems as they come up , and we move forward . " He adds , "  if someone feels bad about a decision I make , I stop and think about that . You ca n't argue with somebody 's feelings . In business we talk so much about key numbers and economic models , but the best solutions are often made when we reflect and cooperate . " Sven Kristensen , CEO of Wuerth Denmark , a multi-national wholesale organization says EI is so important that they 've built the BCS training into their leadership programme . "  Just think about the last big decision you made . How much of it was based in emotion and how much was based in intellect ? Most all big decisions are based in both . " The research into EI was pioneered by John Mayer , professor of psychology at the University of New Hampshire , together with Dr. Peter Salovey . He defines it as "  the capacity to reason about emotional information and the capacity of emotional information to enhance thinking . " Historically , placing weight on emotions has been dismissed . "  What 's remarkable is that for so many years , people did n't see emotions as conveying important messages , " he says . "  For much of the 19th and 20th century there was a constant emphasis on the cognitive . Emotions were seen as irrational and as interfering with the logical . But EI is key to relationships and provides an adaptive advantage and smooth social abilities , " he adds . Iversen says it can be implemented in the workforce by using feelings actively in personal and team development , strengthening the self worth in individuals and teams by acknowledging what people do , and to constructing a "  no bull-shit " culture for dealing with conflict . At Brochner Hotels , Nielsen says that 's exactly what they do . "  It 's okay to tell someone you 're having a bad day , or an issue with something they did . And , as a leader , it 's important to show people who you really are , to be yourself . You get a whole different kind of leader that way . All those things that are typically taboo , they are not taboo here . " And as EI gains ground , those taboos may begin to drop elsewhere too . Mayer has noticed a sea change in acceptance of EI in recent years . "  When I was a kid people talked a lot about your intelligence as something cognitive , but I think that in the future EI will become a second measure of intelligence . " Still , he says , EI is no substitute for standard intelligence . "  I usually make the case that as long as my engineers can build a bridge that wo n't fall down , I do n't care if they 're emotionally intelligent . "	Emotional intelligence  EI  training is being picked up by mainstream corporations EI training can help employees understand their own limitations and to boost their self-worth John Mayer : EI is key to relationships and provides an adaptive advantage and smooth social abilities
CNN  -- He 's not a household name , but Rogerio Ceni is a footballer without equal . While superstars like Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi compete for major accolades , those two superstars are lagging behind the 41-year-old Brazilian goalkeeper in one football history record . Ceni has been turning out for his beloved Sao Paulo for 22 years and , at the grand old age of 41 , a 3-0 Brazilian league win over Goais on Monday secured his 590th win -- the most any player has ever registered with a single club . In doing so the former Brazil international surpassed the mark previously set by Manchester United 's Ryan Giggs , who racked up 589 victories with the 20-time English champions between 1990 and 2014 . Giggs needed 963 appearances to reach his total , while Ceni managed the feat in 1173 games -- 868 of which were as captain . Ceni , who plans to retire from playing in December , has enjoyed a glittering career . A member of the Brazil squad which won the 2002 World Cup in Japan and South Korea , Ceni has also been the unlikely scorer of an incredible 123 goals thanks to his ability to take free-kicks and penalties . He has helped Sao Paulo win the Copa Libertadores , South America 's most prestigious club competition , on two occasions , while also playing a key role as the team were crowned FIFA World Club Cup winners in 2005 .	Rogerio Ceni records most ever victories with a single club Monday The 41-year-old claims his 590th win after Sao Paulo beat Goias Ryan Giggs ' record of 589 victories with Manchester United is beaten
Jerusalem  CNN  -- British journalist Paul Martin was released without charge Thursday , a month after Hamas officials arrested him in Gaza , his lawyer and the British Foreign Office said . Martin was at the British consulate in Jerusalem , the Foreign Office said . His family said they expect him to fly home to London over the weekend . Ahmed Yousef , an adviser to Hamas Prime Minister Ismail Haniyeh , said the decision to release Martin was made as a "  good will gesture " and was in response to the many calls they had received to let him go . Yousef said many lawmakers , press organizations , and even South African Archbishop Desmond Tutu had been communicating with Hamas about his release . Martin is a documentary maker who has worked for the BBC , ITN , and other broadcasters , and reported for the British newspaper The Times . He was arrested February 14 by Hamas on suspicions he was involved with Israeli espionage activity . Hamas initially detained Martin for two weeks , but extended his detention for 15 more days . Officials from Hamas , the Islamic militant group that rules Gaza , suggested at the time of Martin 's arrest that he had been communicating with a Palestinian affiliated with the rival Fatah movement and whom Hamas had accused of collaboration with Israel . Yousef said in the end , Hamas did not have enough evidence to push the case further . He said Martin , who also holds a South African passport , had been declared persona non grata in Gaza and that it would be "  dangerous for him to come back . " Martin 's wife , Anne , said the family was "  extremely relieved " at her husband 's release . "  Paul is an experienced and highly regarded foreign correspondent with 30 years ' experience , " she wrote in a statement . "  He is an innocent man who went into Gaza to testify in the trial of a Palestinian whom he had interviewed for a documentary . Paul has maintained his innocence throughout this ordeal . " As Martin was leaving Gaza , a reporter asked him about the Hamas allegations . Martin replied , "  Ridiculous , ridiculous , " before closing the door of the car and driving away . British consular officials had been allowed to visit Martin while he was jailed and the British Foreign office had publicly called for his release . The Tel Aviv Foreign Press Association had also called on Hamas to release Martin , asking the group "  to respect the rights of every journalist on assignment , to work without fear of being arrested . " Before Hamas took over Gaza in 2007 , the kidnapping and abduction of foreign journalists was a frequent occurrence as part of the factional warfare in the territory . Since that time , no foreign journalists have been abducted . BBC journalist Alan Johnston was being held by another group in 2007 , and was released shortly after Hamas took power . Palestinian journalists are subject to various forms of restriction and intimidation by authorities in Gaza , but Martin 's case was the first time Hamas had arrested a foreign journalist .	British journalist Paul Martin freed without charge by Hamas after month-long detention Martin was arrested in February on suspicion of espionage Adviser to Hamas PM said decision to release Martin was "  good will gesture " Hamas spokesman said group did not have enough evidence to push case further
As "  Real Housewives of New Jersey " star Teresa Giudice faces a 15-month prison term that 's set to start in January , it 's no surprise she 's also been dealing with "  sleepless nights . " The reality star and her husband , Joe Giudice , were sentenced Thursday to serve time after pleading guilty in March to numerous federal fraud charges . Teresa Giudice will serve a 15-month sentence . Joe received a 41-month sentence and also faces the possibility of deportation since he 's not a U.S. citizen . ` Real Housewives of New Jersey ' stars Teresa and Joe Giudice sentenced On Monday night , both Giudices sat down with Bravo 's Andy Cohen for the first part of an interview featured on Cohen 's "  Watch What Happens Live . " When Teresa Giudice was asked about her reaction to the October 2 sentencing , she could hardly find the words to express how it has affected her , and how she fears it will affect her family . "  I was so nervous . ... At one point , I could n't even move my fingers , " Giudice recalled . "  My nerves were shot . I 've had sleepless nights . I was shocked . It was very unexpected . I do n't even know what to say . " In March , the reality housewife and her husband pleaded guilty to hiding assets from bankruptcy court and conspiring to commit mail and wire fraud , among other charges . In hindsight , Teresa Giudice says , she 's learned a lesson . "  I do need to read things before I sign them . I do need to understand things before I sign them , " she told Cohen . "  I 'm a trustworthy person , and sometimes I take what other people say and I just believe them and I trust them . I ca n't do that anymore ; I 've got to make sure I fully understand something . " Giudice is expected to begin her sentence on January 5 ; once she 's served her time , her husband is expected to begin his own stretch . The sentences were staggered to ensure the couple 's four daughters have a caretaker . Being away from her kids , Giudice told Cohen , is what scares her most about prison -- more than the lockup itself . "  I just think about my daughters , " the 42-year-old said . "  That 's all I think about . I just want to make sure that my daughters are OK . " According to Giudice , their eldest , Gia , 13 , has become her support system . "  She was being strong for me , I could tell , " Giudice said . "  She was like ` Mommy , do n't worry , I 'll be there . I 'll help Daddy with the girls ; that 'll prepare me for when I 'm a mom . ' That broke my heart when she said that . " She said she has only one request of Joe : "  All I said to my husband was , ` All you have to do is take care of our daughters , ' " she said . " ` That 's all I ask . You 've got to do what I do . ' "	Teresa and Joe Giudice spoke about their recent sentencing with Bravo 's Andy Cohen Teresa Giudice said she was shocked by the court 's decision She did share the support she 's received from daughter Gia
CNN  -- Rapper Lil Wayne was detained by U.S. Border Patrol agents in Texas on Friday after authorities found marijuana on two of his tour buses . The marijuana on the buses was detected by a drug dog , said Agent Joe Trevino . The rapper , whose real name is DeWayne Michael Carter , Jr. , was among a dozen being detained from his group . They were later released . Trevino said the buses were en route to Laredo , Texas , from a concert stop in Hidalgo . The case has been referred to the Brooks County Sheriff 's Office . Calls to Carter 's representatives were not immediately returned Friday . The Louisiana native was the 2008 best-selling artist , with 2.8 million records sold , and is signed to Cash Money Records . The rapper is scheduled to begin a prison sentence in February stemming from gun charges in New York .	Rapper Lil Wayne was detained by U.S. Border Patrol agents in Texas on Friday A drug dog detected marijuana on two of his tour buses , an agent says Police : Buses were en route to Laredo after a concert stop in Hidalgo , Texas Prison sentence stemming from gun charges awaits rapper in New York
CNN  -- Paul McCartney has never dwelled in yesterday , even if he remembers it quite well . At 71 , he 's just released his 24th post-Beatles album , "  New , " and is generating music at a pace that puts artists a quarter of his age to shame . And in a remarkably candid cover story by Rolling Stone contributing editor Jonah Weiner  on newsstands Friday October 25  McCartney discusses the drive that keeps him creating fresh music -- as well as the memories of his Beatles bandmates that continue to shape his life today . Look back at Paul McCartney 's remarkable career in photos Perhaps most shockingly , McCartney reveals that although he 's always teaming up with fresh talent -- "  New " features production by Adele collaborator Paul Epworth , Amy Winehouse producer Mark Ronson , Giles Martin  son of legendary Beatles producer George  and frequent Kings of Leon partner Ethan Johns -- he also consulted with another source , someone who knows his music intimately : John Lennon . "  If I 'm at a point where I go , ` I 'm not sure about this , ' I 'll throw it across the room to John , " McCartney tells RS . "  He 'll say , ` You ca n't go there , man . ' And I 'll say , ` You 're quite right . How about this ? ' ` Yeah , that 's better . ' We 'll have a conversation . I do n't want to lose that . " See where your favorite tracks rank on Rolling Stone 's 100 Greatest Beatles Songs McCartney also reveals that his long-bitter relationship with Lennon 's widow Yoko Ono has turned a corner . Describing Ono as a "  badass , " he says he 's moved on . "  I thought , ` If John loved her , there 's got to be something . He 's not stupid , ' " McCartney says . "  It 's like , what are you going to do ? Are you going to hold a grudge you never really had ? " In fact , another voice from the past -- that of George Harrison -- had encouraged him to forgive and forget . "  George would say to me , ` You do n't want stuff like that hanging around in your life . ' " But despite his spirit of reconciliation , McCartney maintains there 's one person he will never forgive : John Lennon 's murderer , Mark David Chapman . "  I think I could pretty much forgive anyone else , " he explains . "  But I do n't see why I 'd want to forgive him . This is a guy who did something so crazy and terminal . Why should I bless him with forgiveness ? " Paul McCartney : The 1974 Rolling Stone interview Though he 's willing to reflect on the past , McCartney remains firmly focused on the future . Part of his motivation to continue recording and playing marathon live shows comes from a fear of becoming complacent . "  I 've always got the critic in my mind , " he tells Rolling Stone . "  He keeps me on my toes -- ` Do n't get too blas about it . ' I do n't want to become too smug , to think I 'm great . " Look for the issue on stands and in the iTunes App Store this Friday , October 25th . See the original story at RollingStone.com Copyright  2011 Rolling Stone .	Paul McCartney released his 24th post-Beatles album , "  New " In a new interview , he reveals how John Lennon still influences his music writing McCartney explains his reconciliation with Yoko Ono
CNN  -- Americans have become used to the fact that most of the jobs created by Apple are in China . We know that Steve Jobs told President Barack Obama that "  those jobs are n't coming back . " Recently , an executive at Apple said that the company has no obligation to solve America 's problems by moving some of those jobs back to the United States . As a business , Apple has a right to fear that moving the assembly work from China to the United States will entail raising labor costs so high as to make the company less competitive and profitable . But for it to say that it has no obligation to help solve America 's problems is completely unacceptable . Virtually every piece of technology in any Apple product had its origin or was partially developed on the basis of a U.S. government-funded program . In a global world where piracy of products is commonplace , Apple , like other multinationals , has continuously pressed the U.S. government to enforce copyright and patent laws to protect its intellectual property from international theft . Does Apple owe anything to Uncle Sugar ? You betchum . Big time . Skeptics are right to point out that moving the factory assembly operations to the United States is a nonstarter as long as we continue to have free trade with China . These kinds of jobs are labor-intensive , and the differential in the cost of labor between America and China is just too large . But this is not where the real value or the good jobs we want for Americans lies . The assembly value in an iPhone is only about $ 7 . The real treasure-trove is in the parts . For example , the displays , the processors , memory chips and other key electronic components comprise nearly half of the value of the iPhone . These components require intensive capital and technology investments , but they do not require a great amount of labor . In other words , they can all be produced in America . Indeed , according to a recent study by Booz and Co. , to supply the U.S. market , the most competitive location in which to produce these components is the United States . At the moment , however , Apple is not procuring most of these parts in America . With a few exceptions , the company is getting them from South Korea , Japan , Taiwan , China or Germany . Let 's take Gorilla Glass , a product made by Corning Inc. of Corning , New York , that is used as the display for the iPhone and iPad as well as many other smartphones and tablets . Corning can and does make that glass in America . But to gain access to China 's market , Corning is pressured by the Chinese government to make Gorilla Glass in China so that it can be used in any Chinese factory that makes a product that needs the glass . Basically , Corning must invest and produce in China , even though , in my estimates , it might be less expensive to make Gorilla Glass in America and export it to China . The same is true for other assembly line parts . So what should Apple do ? We know that Samsung , a South Korean supplier , had started to produce a key processor for Apple in Austin , Texas . That 's a good first step . Apple should go further by telling other suppliers that it wants more components to be made in America . One advantage for this move is that it can create an environment in which more research and development is possible , which in turn can strengthen overall innovation for Apple . Apple should also move some of its assembly operations to Mexico . Mexican labor is n't as cheap as Chinese labor , but after one adjusts for the differences in the cost of shipping , establishing assembly-line factories in Mexico should be quite acceptable from a financial and quality perspective . By moving more production of advanced components to America and the human labor to Mexico , more jobs will be added to North America and help reduce the U.S.-Mexican trade deficit , which is about $ 55 billion annually . And by having the assembly work just over the border , Apple can ensure that costs can be kept under control . As Apple is trying to get out of the recent controversy surrounding its suppliers ' labor practices in China , where workers put in more than 60 hours a week , the world 's most highly valued company would do well to consider how best to spend and invest its $ 100 billion cash pile . It needs to realize that what is good for Apple can also be good for the American economy . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Clyde Prestowitz .	Apple says the company has no obligation to help solve America 's problems Does Apple owe anything to Uncle Sugar ? Clyde Prestowitz says yes Prestowitz : Apple should tell suppliers it wants more components made in the U.S. Apple can also move some of its assembly operations to Mexico , Prestowitz says
CNN  -- Tension loomed in the Democratic Republic of the Congo city of Goma on Monday night as rebel commanders refused to leave the city ahead of a midnight deadline imposed by regional leaders and the African Union . African leaders convened in neighboring Uganda over the weekend and released a statement demanding that the M23 group withdraw at least 20 kilometers  12 miles  north of Goma as a condition of initiating negotiations . The leaders called on the rebels to "  stop all war activities , " and "  stop talk of overthrowing an elected government . " But M23 leaders said Monday that they will leave the conflict-scarred city only if talks are successful . Both rebel and government troops were massing west of Goma , potentially leading to further clashes as the deadline passed . At the United Nations , a spokesman for Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon urged the rebels "  to immediately lay down their arms in accordance with the agreements reached in Kampala and comply with the immediate withdrawal of their forces from Goma . " The spokesman , Eduardo del Buey , said Ban urged the parties to continue talks "  to address the fundamental causes of the conflict . " He said Ban will also make sure that the U.N. peacekeeping mission MONUSCO is able "  to respond to he evolving challenges . " But he added , "  The mandate of MONUSCO is to protect civilians . It is not to fight the M23 on its own . That is he responsibility of the Congolese armed forces , and the maintaining of security is the primary responsibility of the Congolese police . " The M23 group was named for a peace deal reached on March 23 , 2009 , which it accuses the government of violating . Rene Abandi , a spokesman for the M23 group , told reporters on the sidelines of the conference Saturday that the rebels ' main aim was to force Congolese President Joseph Kabila to agree to talks . "  We want talks over human rights and insecurity  involving  issues contained in the 2009 truce , which he , Kabila , has refused to implement , " Abandi said . The outstanding issues include positions in the national army , an equitable distribution of resources and infrastructure development in eastern Congo , Abandi said . Kabila was one of the African leaders who devised a new game plan at the Great Lakes region summit in Kampala over the weekend . But the consortium did n't just call for concessions from the rebels : The group 's statement also called on the Congolese government to listen to and resolve the grievances of the rebels , who took control of Goma on Tuesday after days of fighting with government forces . In Goma itself , citizens are getting frustrated with M23 , because many shops and all banks have n't opened , and only a few students have trickled back to school . International organizations such as Oxfam and World Vision and the United Nations have been forced to abandon operations in eastern Congo . Now , aid groups are warning of escalating risks of disease and abductions facing victims fleeing the violence and uncertainty . CNN 's David McKenzie and Joseph Netto contributed to this report	NEW : The United Nations calls on rebels to stop fighting M23 rebels occupying the city of Goma , Democratic Republic of Congo , refuse to leave African leaders gave the rebel group until midnight Tuesday to withdraw The rebels want to talk with Congolese president about breaches of a 2009 peace treaty
Atlanta  CNN  -- An Idaho man accused of slapping a crying 19-month-old boy on a Delta flight pleaded not guilty in federal court Wednesday in Atlanta . Joe Rickey Hundley is charged with assaulting a minor in connection with the incident last month . Accompanied by his attorney outside the courthouse , Hundley appeared solemn and looked toward the ground . Before Hundley 's court appearance , his attorney , Marcia Shein , said that he would be entering a plea of not guilty . Man accused of slapping crying boy on Delta flight is out of a job After the hearing , Shein issued a statement on Hundley 's behalf , saying that the day before the flight on February 8 , her client had learned that his son had overdosed on insulin and was in a coma on life support . "  Mr. Hundley had been up for 24 hours over this tragic news and was heading to Atlanta to decide , with his son 's mother , if they should take him off life support as he had no brain activity . On the flight he was in distress , upset and grieving , " Shein said . His son died the next day , she said . According to court documents , the boy 's mother , Jessica Bennett , and her son were seated in Row 28 , Seat B on Delta Flight 721 , which originated in Minneapolis . She spent part of the flight in the rear of the plane to get away from Hundley , who she said smelled like alcohol and was slurring his speech , according to John Thompson , attorney for the child 's family . In her statement Wednesday , Shein did not address whether Hundley was drunk . As the plane began its descent into Atlanta , the boy began to cry because of the altitude change , and his mother tried to soothe him . Hundley , who was seated next to the mother and son , allegedly told her to "  shut that  N-word  baby up . " Hundley then turned around and slapped the child in the face with an open hand , which caused him to scream even louder , an FBI affidavit said . The boy suffered a scratch below his right eye . In her statement Wednesday , Shein acknowledged that Hundley "  said something none should say even in their darkest moments " when the boy began crying and that he "  deeply regrets saying those words . " But she said that Hundley did not "  strike the child and believes what happened to Mrs. Bennett 's child was an accident . " Hundley "  had paid a terrible price for his hurtful words but asks only that people understand that he was not doing well that night and spoke hurtful words he would have not otherwise have said , " Shein said . Will the slap heard ` round the country have lasting effects ?	NEW : Joe Rickey Hundley was distraught over his gravely ill son during the flight , his attorney says NEW : Attorney acknowledges that her client used an epithet but denies he hit the child He entered a plea of not guilty to a charge of assaulting a minor Hundley is accused of slapping a crying 19-month-old on a Delta flight in February
