CNN  -- Panicking passengers turned to prayer as a Cathay Pacific flight with one engine ablaze made an emergency landing in Singapore on Monday , witnesses said . "  We heard a series of loud bangs , then smelled fire , and the aircraft started shaking uncontrollably , " a CNN.com online commenter under the name of Augustus2002 said . "  The noise on board was incredible , we could not hear any of the announcements of the crew , " he added . CNN has not been able to confirm his account , but it matches a description from a Reuters photographer who was on the plane with his family . The photographer , Beawiharta , who uses only one name , told the news agency that his 15-year-old son spotted flames out the window of the twin-engine Airbus A330 , which was on the way to Jakarta , Indonesia , but turned back after the engine problems began . "  Panicked , he then asked : ` Will we die ? Will we die ? ' " the photographer recalled . The atmosphere among the plane 's 136 passengers quickly changed to a "  surprising calm , " Augustus2002 wrote , as people began to pray . "  God , save our flight , " they said , according to Beawiharta 's account . "  Give us your protection . " Flight CX715 landed safely , the airline said in a statement "  following a stall warning " on one engine . No passengers were injured . The flight landed at Singapore Changi Airport , where it had originated . "  Fire services met the aircraft on arrival , " Cathay Pacific 's statement said . "  The aircraft stopped on the taxiway and sparks from the No. 2 engine were reported . They were doused by fire extinguishers . " Cathay Pacific and Rolls Royce , the maker of the engine , have launched an investigation into the incident , which has been reported to the Hong Kong Civil Aviation Department , the airline said . "  We are aware of the incident and working closely with our customers to provide support and technical assitance , " Rolls Royce said in a statement . It was the second time one of the Hong Kong-based airline 's Airbus A330 planes has made an emergency landing . Eight passengers aboard a Cathay Pacific plane were injured last year after an Airbus A330 with engine problems made an emergency landing in Hong Kong . Several tires deflated as the aircraft landed at high speed with severe braking , the company 's CEO said at that time . Less than a month later , an Airbus A330 plane operated by Afriquayah Airways crashed just before landing in Tripoli , Libya , killing all but one of the 104 passengers on board . Shortly afterward , investigators said low visibility caused by mist and sand created poor flying conditions for the plane 's pilot . CNN 's Ayesha Durgahee and Andrew Henstock contributed to this report .	NEW : Rolls Royce says it is aware of the incident and providing technical assistance Witnesses say they heard loud bangs , and passengers prayed The flight returned to Singapore after engine trouble en route to Jakarta , Indonesia Sparks were reported from the No. 2 engine and were doused after the plane landed
CNN  -- World No. 2 Li Na has pulled out of next month 's U.S. Open with a knee injury . Li , the reigning Australian Open champion and a semifinalist at Flushing Meadows last year , posted a message on her Facebook page saying she expects to return to action after the tennis season 's fourth and final grand slam event . "  I wanted to let all of my great fans know that unfortunately I am going to have to withdraw from the upcoming WTA events in Montreal and Cincinnati , as well as the U.S. Open , " Li 's statement read . "  Since March , I have been struggling with my knee and it is just not where I need it to be in order to play at the highest level . "  My medical team has advised me that I need to take some time off to rest my knee so it heels . I look forward to getting back on the court this fall in Wuhan and Beijing . " After the two Chinese tournaments in late September , there is just one premier-level WTA Tour event before the season-ending championships in Singapore starting October 20 . Li is third in the standings for the eight-woman showpiece . Injury to her right knee forced Li to withdraw from April 's Stuttgart Open , and the 32-year-old has struggled with her form since . A first-round exit at Roland Garros in May was followed by a third-round defeat at Wimbledon the following month , which is her last tournament appearance . Li became China 's first grand slam singles champion when she won the French Open in 2011 and clinched a second major title at Melbourne Park in January , when she beat Slovakia 's Dominika Cibulkova in straight sets . Thursday 's announcement came 24 hours after Rafael Nadal revealed he is suffering from a wrist injury and may not be fit for the New York slam . Nadal clinched his second U.S. Open title against Novak Djokovic last September but his title defense could be in peril after he was told by doctors that he needs at least two to three weeks off from competitive action . The injury , sustained during practice , has denied the second-ranked Spaniard the chance to defend his titles at next week 's Rogers Cup in Toronto and the Cincinnati Masters , which starts on August 10 . Read more : Nadal in doubt for U.S. Open	Li Na announces she wo n't be competing at Flushing Meadows Chinese star 's medical team says 32-year-old needs time to rest her knee Li was a semifinalist at U.S. Open in 2013 and is Australian Open champion Injured men 's No. 2 Rafael Nadal may miss his title defense in New York
CNN  -- Ireland has expelled an Israeli diplomat over the use of forged passports in the assassination of a Hamas arms dealer in Dubai , allegedly by Israeli agents , the Irish foreign minister announced Tuesday . Ireland is following in the footsteps of the United Kingdom and Australia , which each kicked out Israeli diplomats after concluding Israel had probably forged their countrys ' passports as part of a Mossad operation against Mahmoud al-Mabhouh , a founding member of Hamas ' military wing . Ireland had not been able to link Israel conclusively to the forgery , Foreign Minister Micheal Martin said Tuesday . But "  the fact that the forged Irish passports were used by members of the same group who carried the forged British and Australian passports , leads us to the inescapable conclusion that an Israeli government agency was responsible for the misuse and , most likely , the manufacture of the forged Irish passports associated with the murder of Mr. Mabhouh , " he said . Israel 's Foreign Ministry said it "  regrets the decision of the Irish government , which is not in line with the importance of our relationship . " Israel maintains there is no proof linking it to the doctored passports or the killing of Al-Mabhouh . Al-Mabhouh was found dead in his hotel room in Dubai in January . Police believe he was killed the night before and suspect the Mossad , the secretive Israeli foreign intelligence unit , was behind his killing . Israel has a stated policy on security matters of neither confirming nor denying involvement .	Dublin suspects Israel forged Irish passports Doctored passports allegedly used by team that killed Hamas co-founder Australia and U.K. also expelled diplomats Israel says no evidence links it to killing
CNN  -- Blood from Michael Brown that was found on the uniform and in the police car of Officer Darren Wilson appears to back the officer 's version of events , but still leaves questions unanswered , law enforcement sources told CNN . Those sources corroborated to CNN details first reported by The New York Times about the officer 's version of events in Wilson 's shooting of the unarmed teen on August 9 in Ferguson , Missouri . Brown 's blood was found on Wilson 's gun , on the squad car 's interior and on the officer 's uniform , according to a U.S. law enforcement official and a second source with knowledge of the forensics presented to the grand jury . The source corroborated what the Times reported . At least one of the wounds Brown suffered is consistent with a struggle and appeared to be fired at close range , according to a different source with first-hand knowledge of the investigation . This finding could lend credibility to Wilson 's account that he was fearful for his life after a struggle with Brown in the police car . However , it is not necessarily a "  Eureka moment , " the U.S. law enforcement official told CNN , adding it is just one data point in a larger investigation . The revelations do not answer the question of whether the officer intended to deprive Brown of his civil rights when he stepped out of the car and fired the fatal shot , the first law enforcement official said . According to the Times , the officer told authorities that Brown hit him and scratched him repeatedly , leaving bruises on his face and neck . FBI forensic tests showed the gun was fired twice in the car , with one bullet hitting Brown 's arm while the second one missed , the newspaper said . The attorney for the family of the slain teen called again Monday for an indictment of Wilson . Attorney Daryl Parks said the new details should n't preclude Wilson 's prosecution for the teen 's death . "  If nothing else , you have two competing stories here , " he said in an appearance on CNN 's "  New Day . " He said leaks about the case are making people "  weary about the process " and that only an open trial where all the facts are presented will help resolve lingering tensions over the shooting . Brown 's death is the subject of two inquires : one by a St. Louis County grand jury considering whether the 28-year-old officer should be charged , and the other by federal investigators looking into whether any civil rights violations occurred . ` Helpful testimony ' CNN legal analyst Paul Callan said the new account appears to be "  strong evidence " favoring the officer , but "  the real focus on the case will shift to what happened outside of the car when Michael Brown ran away , according to many witnesses , " Callan said . "  I think the focus will shift on the officer , " Callan said . "  He is not out of the woods yet , even though this is helpful testimony for him . " Complete coverage of the Ferguson shooting and protests But one critic of the government 's response to Brown 's shooting reacted angrily to the report . Angela Whitman , a Ferguson resident who was among activists meeting with U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder in August , found the newspaper account of Wilson 's testimony "  so hard to believe . " She said the report addressed only the initial encounter and not the subsequent fatal shooting , when some witnesses said Brown was surrendering with his hands up . But police said Wilson shot Brown after the teen attacked him and tried to take his gun . "  If  Michael Brown  struggled with this officer , this still does not justify why this child is not alive , " Whitman said . "  If this young man did this , and struggled , that means he got free . And then witnesses said he turned around with his hands up . This kid should still be alive . " In an interview with CNN on Monday , Holder sought to manage expectations of activists in Ferguson , acknowledging the high standard investigators must meet , and the possibility there may not be any charges against Wilson . No particular outcome was promised , aside from a fair investigation and reform of the local police department , Holder noted . His promise to the people of Ferguson , Holder said , is to carry out an independent investigation , and a closer look at the police department itself . "  We have a ` pattern of practice ' investigation going into the police department . So I think that we 're doing all that we can with regard to the promises that I 've made , " Holder said . Witnesses ' version a stark contrast Most of the accounts of Brown 's shooting have focused on what happened outside the car -- on the street -- with conflicting narratives . Dorian Johnson , 22 , who was walking with Brown on the street when the shooting occurred , told CNN that the officer pulled up and told them to get on a sidewalk . They told him they were almost home and would be off the street shortly . The officer drove forward , but stopped and backed up , almost hitting the pair , Johnson said . "  We were so close , almost inches away , that when he tried to open his door aggressively , the door ricocheted both off me and Big Mike 's body and closed back on the officer , " he said . Still in his car , the officer grabbed Brown by his neck , but he tried to pull away as the officer pulled him toward him , Johnson said . The officer drew his weapon and fired , hitting Brown , Johnson said . A bloodied Brown took off running , but the officer followed him and fired , according to Johnson . Brown turned around with his hands up and told the officer he was unarmed , but the officer fired and the teen hit the ground , Johnson said . Another witness , Tiffany Mitchell , has said she saw Wilson and Brown "  tussling through the window " of the police cruiser . CNN 's Evan Perez , Pamela Brown , MaryLynn Ryan and Nick Valencia contributed to this report .	Nothing in a New York Times report would block prosecution , a Brown family attorney says It 's important to have a public airing of all facts at trial , Daryl Parks says Investigators found Brown 's blood on the officer 's gun , uniform and cruiser , sources say An inquiry has found no civil rights violations , according to The New York Times
CNN  -- Mixed martial arts fighter Jonathan Koppenhaver , who is accused of beating up his ex-girlfriend , tried to kill himself in a Las Vegas jail , authorities said . Koppenhaver , 32 , is known as War Machine on the MMA circuit . He allegedly beat adult film actress Christy Mack and a male friend on August 8 -- then went on the run . Police captured him a week later in his hometown of Simi Valley , California . He 's been held at the Clark County Detention Center since then . A corrections officer conducting checks at the detention center found him unresponsive in his cell on Tuesday , according to CNN affiliate KSNV . Suicide note He was found seated on the floor with a torn piece of linen around his neck , which was attached to his bunk , Officer Jose Hernandez told the affiliate . Koppenhaver , who was unresponsive and struggling to breathe , had left behind a suicide note . Hernandez cut the linen and called medical personnel , who later cleared the fighter and put him on suicide watch at a medical isolation unit . Details of his suicide note were not released . The incident occurred on the same day he was supposed to appear in court to discuss a plea deal , according to the affiliate . ` I 'm so cursed ' Koppenhaver has said that he 'd gone to surprise his ex-girlfriend with a ring when he found her with another man . "  I only wish that man had n't been there and that Christy & I would be happily engaged , " he posted on Twitter in August . "  I do n't know y I 'm so cursed . One day truth will come out . " He is facing various charges , including domestic battery and attempted murder . CNN 's Greg Morrison contributed to this report	Jonathan Koppenhaver leaves behind a suicide note His ex-girlfriend says he assaulted her in August "  I 'm so cursed , " he says after the alleged assault
CNN  -- It rarely makes sense to draw big conclusions or make public policy on the basis of anecdotes . But the plural of "  anecdote " is data , and sometimes one-off events are useful in crystallizing lessons to guide policymakers and inform the public . So it was with the Pittsburgh-area rampage this week in which a teenager bearing two kitchen knives is accused of injuring 21 high school classmates and a security guard -- but none of them were killed . It 's hard to imagine an anecdote that better illustrates what decades of data show : that for purposes of life and death , the weapon matters . It 's called "  the instrumentality effect , " and we owe the original scholarly findings  more than four decades old at this point  to the eminent University of California criminologist Franklin Zimring . Others , including one of us  Cook  , have validated and built upon his insights . The idea that the weapon matters emerges in studies of robberies and assaults . When committed with a gun , these crimes are far more likely to result in the victim 's death than are similar violent crimes committed without a gun . For example , the likelihood that a victim will die when robbed by a firearm-wielding attacker is three times as high as when the victim faces an attacker bearing a knife and 10 times as high as when the attacker has another type of weapon . For victims injured in an assault , the likelihood of death is also greater when a gun is involved , especially in cases of domestic violence . Of course , the choice of weapon could be simply a product of the perpetrator 's focus on killing ; perhaps it 's this intensity , not the choice of weapon , that is really to blame . In light of Wednesday 's knife attacks in Pennsylvania , Zimring 's findings are particularly telling . To separate the effects of the weapon vs. the intent of the perpetrator , he looked at fatality rates for different calibers of guns . If perpetrator intent were really to blame , zeroing in on attacks with guns would "  control " for that effect . Zimring found , as the instrumentality perspective would predict , that people shot by larger caliber guns -- which carry bigger and more destructive bullets -- were more likely to die than those shot by smaller caliber guns . Adding more evidence to the case that the weapon matters , Zimring and Gordon Hawkins later demonstrated that overall crime rates are n't that much higher in American cities than in comparable cities in other developed countries . We just have higher rates of homicide , and that is because our criminals are more likely to be armed with guns and thus their attacks are more likely to end in the victim 's death . The most important and interesting implication of the instrumentality effect is that if public policy could reduce gun use in crime , the murder rate would go down -- even if the overall crime rate did not . As it turns out , about half of American states have enacted policies that add prison time to felons who use a gun when committing their crimes . These so-called sentencing enhancements , most of which were adopted in the 1970s and 1980s , were intended to reduce the use of guns in violent acts . Scholarly evaluations based on data , not anecdotes , offer some evidence that these policy innovations have been effective . This week 's tragedy ca n't help but invoke memories of the mass shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School some 16 months ago . The difference today is that , because the Murrysville , Pennsylvania , perpetrator chose to use knives , victims ' families can look forward to a future with their loved ones -- instead of planning their funerals .	Authors : Injury , not death , came from school stabbings in Pennsylvania They say research has long found for purposes of life and death , the weapon matters Writers : Deaths from gun attacks higher than those from knives , other weapons If public policy led to reduction in gun use in crimes , murder rate would go down , they say
In Subject Matters , we reveal the struggles faced by educators who teach subjects like science , math , English and history , and the solutions they 've found . Teachers , share more ideas in our weekly Teachers ' Lounge . As science teachers try to educate the next generation of scientists in the United States , they worry about everything from a shortage of supplies for classroom experiments to their subject 's nerdy image . Here are some of the challenges they face in their classrooms . Pencils , paper ... and Alka-Seltzer ? Eighth-graders love rockets . Science teacher Jennifer Judkins of Wilmington , Massachusetts , makes sure that her students build and launch small rockets as part of her curriculum . "  It 's a great activity for our laws-of-motion study , " the Wilmington Middle School teacher said . "  Just hearing the students talk among themselves about which rocket will go higher , seeing that learning happening right in front of you , is impactful . " This activity has a cost for Judkins -- $ 30 to be exact . That 's how much she recently spent on Alka-Seltzer tablets and film canisters to make 100 rockets . "  Sure , I could read in a book and say , ` If you launch a rocket , this will happen , ' but they are n't going to take that with them , " she said . For science teachers , piquing students ' curiosity starts with experiments . But those experiments require raw materials , and many public schools have cut budgets for frogs and owl pellets . Holly Gildig , who teaches sixth-grade science in rural Livingston , Louisiana , said she has difficulty acquiring materials needed to do experiments with her class . She also uses her own money to purchase materials needed for her classroom , or she sends a note home to parents to see if they can help . But even that wo n't help her greatest need : A place to do experiments , or at least a sink in the classroom . "  I do n't have a lab that I can take my students to , " Gildig said . "  I really do n't have the equipment to teach science . " When she ca n't come up with the raw materials she needs , she goes online . "  Sometimes , I just have to go with technology and find something online and present it to the kids that way , " she said . Science is n't just for geeks Before Teresa Marshall became a high school science teacher , she worked as a chemist . Her students are every bit as intelligent as the scientists that she worked with , she said , but the kids will never believe it . "  A lot of kids come to chemistry class believing that they are n't good at science , " said Marshall , who teaches in Wilmington , Massachusetts . "  They label themselves as being not good at science . " Adrianna Dupre , a chemistry teacher at Terrebonne High School in Houma , Louisiana , said most of her students say they do n't like science at the start of the school year . "  They think we are just teaching them stuff to make their lives miserable , " Dupre said . But as the year progresses , she connects her lessons to real life , like relating combustion to starting a car . Soon enough , the students ' arguments become less pronounced . Students who believe they ca n't do well in science may never have had a teacher that engaged them on the topic , said Janice Earle of the National Science Foundation . "  There is often a problem in the parents ' perceptions , since their experience back in school days may have been with science classes that they experienced as being boring or focused on memorization , rather than active learning , " Earle said . "  They may pass on to their kids the sense that science is a boring pastime for nerds , rather than an interesting , collaborative enterprise that 's all about observing and understanding the world around you . " All science is not equal Kids in elementary school are focusing on English and math to keep in line with standards set by No Child Left Behind . Their teachers are likely to have studied elementary education , but few will have a background in science . That means kids may not be getting the early background in science that they need . "  The elementary teacher in general does not have deep background in science , " said Francis Eberle , executive director of the National Science Teachers Association . "  Their understanding and their ability to help students learn science is more challenged because they do n't really know science themselves . " There has been a decline in the time that elementary teachers spend on science over the past six years under the No Child Left Behind law , Eberle said . "  It 's hard when an elementary schedule is math - and reading-based , with little time devoted to science , " said Jay Farnsworth , a sixth-grade teacher in Waunakee , Wisconsin . By the time students get to middle and high school , they 're more likely to be taught by a teacher with a degree in science . But the teachers ' degree may not be in the discipline they are teaching . Long before Judkins was teaching classes to build rockets , she was a biologist for NASA . Earth science was part of her curriculum , but she had no experience on the topic . Her solution ? She took a workshop and did her own research about the best ways to teach the topic . All of it was at her own expense .	Science teachers struggle with a lack of materials for experiments Some students have a hard time believing they 'll be good at science Administrators often ask teachers to work with subject matter they 're not familiar with Math and English education are emphasized , while science is left behind , teachers say
Midland City , Alabama  CNN  -- Kelly Miller heard the gunshots , then the screams from the school bus . She could hear her children screaming : "  He 's got a gun . He took a kid . " Outside , a gunman had just boarded a school bus , killed the driver and grabbed two children , according to authorities . One of the children escaped . The other , a 5-year-old boy , was not so lucky . The suspect then disappeared with the boy into a nearby well-stocked , underground bunker . Shaken community By now , everybody in the small southeastern Alabama town of Midland City knows what happened . The story has been recounted at the grocery store and at the gas stations , where people trade the latest details about the hostage standoff that entered its fourth day Friday . It has thrust this town of about 2,300 into the national spotlight , with nightly reports recounting the hostage drama that has shaken this community known for its close vicinity to the "  Peanut Capital of the World . " On Tuesday afternoon , bus driver Charles Poland Jr. was shuttling children from school to their homes when he dropped Miller 's two boys off and a man boarded the bus . He demanded that Poland , 66 , hand over a child . Poland refused , blocking access to the bus 's narrow aisle as at least 21 children escaped out of the back emergency door , according to police . It 's unclear whether the suspected gunman was after a specific child on the bus . Police have said there is no connection between the suspect and the abducted boy , whose identity is being withheld . Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley told CNN affiliate WMPI that he spoke with the child 's mother shortly after the abduction and "  she was very distraught . " Police are tight-lipped about a possible motive , and have refused to divulge what , if any , demands the suspect has made to hostage negotiators . The suspect is holed up in a bunker 4 feet underground and built at least partially out of PVC pipe , authorities have said . An FBI hostage negotiator was communicating with the alleged gunman through a plastic ventilation pipe in an effort to end the standoff . "  They 're taking time and trying to wear him out , " said Police Chief James Arrington of Pinckard , who is familiar with details of the case . Bentley , the governor , said Friday that "  the right people  were  in place to work through this problem . " "  Patience should be a virtue ... we do n't want to make any mistakes , " Bentley told WPMI . On Friday , authorities confirmed what neighbors have been talking about and news outlets around Midland City have reported -- the suspected gunman 's identity . He is Jimmy Lee Dykes , 65 , a Vietnam veteran and retired truck driver who moved to the area about five years ago . Local authorities releasted a photo of Dykes -- a gray-bearded unsmiling image -- along with his home address and a brief physical description -- white male , 6 feet tall , weighing 170 pounds with brown eyes and gray hair -- but provided no new details about any developments in the case . ` Take this ' By all accounts , Poland knew the alleged gunman , at least in passing . On Monday , the day before the shooting and abduction , Dykes flagged down Poland while he was driving the bus to talk to him , according to Miller , who lives near the suspected gunman . While Miller did not know the nature of the conversation between the two men , she told CNN affiliate WSFA-TV that Tuesday morning , Poland offered the suspect a gift of eggs and marmalade as a thank you for clearing his driveway so the bus could turn around easier . Hours later , Dykes handed over the eggs and marmalade to Miller 's father . "  He said , ` Take this , I do n't want it , ' " she said . So when Dykes got on the bus Tuesday afternoon , it did n't seem unusual to her sons , Jesse and Jackson , she said . Neighbors have described Dykes as "  anti-government " and abusive , with several describing run-ins , including one where they claimed he pulled a gun . Tim Byrd , chief investigator with the Dale County Sheriff 's Office , told the Southern Poverty Law Center 's Hatewatch that Dykes was a "  survivalist type " with "  anti-America " views . "  His friends and his neighbors stated that he did not trust the government , that he was a Vietnam vet , and that he had PTSD , " Byrd told the civil rights group . "  He was standoffish , did n't socialize or have any contact with anybody . " Still , Miller said she ca n't reconcile the man she knows as her neighbor with the one accused of killing a bus driver and abducting a boy . "  I really in my heart do n't believe that he intends to hurt that little boy , " she said . "  I think that he may have something to say and he wants people to hear him . I 'm not sure what that is . But I do n't think he intends to hurt that little boy . " ` That 's a hero ' Even as authorities search for answers behind the killing and kidnapping , there is no question to Midland City residents that the bus driver was a hero . Poland was a gentle Bible-reading man who could not stand to discipline the children on his bus because it hurt his heart , the Dothan Eagle newspaper reported . He had worked as a full-time bus driver for four years , shuttling children between their homes and schools . "  There was a laughter and a love that he had for the kids , " his brother-in-law Melven Skipper told CNN affiliate WDHM , reflecting on the regular conversations he 'd have about "  my youngins ' . " "  They were his youngins ' , when he had them on the bus . " The state 's governor echoed that sentiment : "  He did his job -- he protected those children , " Bentley said . "  He stood in that place , and when that man came to take two children , he said no . And he lost his life because of that ... he did his job , and I 'm proud of him as the governor but I 'm just proud of him as a human being . " Poland will be memorialized Saturday night at a visitation service , followed by his funeral Sunday afternoon at the Ozark Civic Center . "  You could n't give nothing greater than your life for a kid or anyone else , " Skipper said . "  That 's a hero . " CNN 's George Howell reported from Midland City and Chelsea J. Carter wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Joe Sutton , Greg Botelho and Tristan Smith contributed to this report .	NEW : Governor urges patience : "  a virtue ... in dealing with this situation " Authorities confirm the identity of the suspect -- 65-year-old Jimmy Lee Dykes The suspected gunman and the bus driver knew each other , a neighbor says The alleged gunman is holed up in an underground bunker with a 5-year-old
CNN  -- Yemen says al Qaeda was behind a suicide bombing Sunday that killed four South Korean tourists , according to the Daily Yemen Post . The city of Shibam is a UNESCO World Heritage Site . The explosion Sunday evening in the city of Shibam also wounded three other tourists , said Hakim Almasmari , editor-in-chief of the English-language newspaper . Almasmari told CNN Monday that Yemen 's Interior Ministry is blaming al Qaeda . CNN could not immediately reach the Yemeni government for confirmation . The bomb was very strong and could be heard some 4 kilometers  2.5 miles  away from the site , in the Al-Qubah district of Shibam , which is in Hadramot province , Almasmari said . The nationalities of the three injured people were not immediately known . The tourists were taking pictures of Shibam at sunset , Almasmari said . The old walled city is a United Nations Educational , Scientific and Cultural Organization  UNESCO  World Heritage Site ; sunset is the best time to take pictures of it , he said . CNN 's Caroline Faraj contributed to this report .	Yemen says al Qaeda behind bombing that killed 4 tourists , according to local press Four fatalities were South Korean citizens ; nationalities of injured unknown Suicide blast occurred Sunday in city of Shibam , a UNESCO World Heritage Site
CNN  -- Most issues in Hoboken , New Jersey , ultimately boil down to real estate . So it 's no surprise to the residents of the small city that the dustup between their mayor and Gov. Chris Christie 's administration centers around three square blocks in the north end of Hoboken . With multimillion-dollar high-rise views of the New York City skyline , beautifully restored 19th century townhouses on quiet side streets , and trendy restaurants , bars and boutiques along the main drag , real estate is a prime commodity in the city that gave us Frank Sinatra and the reality television show "  Cake Boss . " Hoboken mayor : ` It 's true ' Christie administration withheld Sandy funds The Rockefeller Group , a major real estate holding company in the United States , wants to add to that landscape with a mixed-use development . Among the proposed apartment buildings and commercial spaces is a 40-story tower . It would be the city 's tallest structure . The company best known for building Rockefeller Center in New York has been in talks with city officials since 2008 to develop the three blocks it owns in a mostly industrial section of Hoboken , but the economic recession slowed the project . Then , flooding from Superstorm Sandy left 80 % of Hoboken under water . The approval process for the project slowed even more as city leaders explored ways to mitigate flooding in the future . Mayor Dawn Zimmer favors a plan that would divert water from the Hudson River into a new green belt around the city . The plans for that green belt skirt the Rockefeller Group 's coveted development site . Zimmer said she is n't opposed to developing those three blocks . But she has concerns about congestion and a strain on public services in the fourth most densely packed city in the United States . "  My No. 1 priority is to do what 's right for Hoboken , " Zimmer said CNN 's State of the Union with Candy Crowley . "  We have severe needs and we have to look at this comprehensively . " At the center of the controversy is Zimmer 's claim that two members of Christie 's administration made it clear to her that Sandy recovery funds distributed by his office would be contingent on her approval of the Rockefeller Group 's development project . Christie 's office , Lt. Gov. Kim Guadagno and New Jersey Commissioner of Community Affairs Richard Constable have said that the allegations are categorically false . They called them a total fabrication . The real estate company denied any knowledge of a quid pro quo relating to its project . A statement from the Rockefeller Group said : "  We have no knowledge of any information pertaining to this allegation . If it turns out to be true , it would be deplorable . " Officials challenge mayor 's account of Christie 's administration tactics	Real estate in densely populated Hoboken , New Jersey , is big business A development is at the center of dispute between mayor , Gov. Chris Christie 's office Mayor Dawn Zimmer says the administration tied Sandy relief money to land deal Members of Christie 's administration categorically deny Zimmer 's accusation
Beijing  CNN  -- A historic drought in southern China has caused billions of dollars in losses to agriculture and left millions of people and animals short of drinking water , government officials said Tuesday . And with no significant rain forecast for the next 10 days , there 's no relief in sight , according to the National Meteorological Center . The impact of the drought , which began in June , is being felt across four provinces , affecting more than 44 million people , Ministry of Civil Affairs said . The direct economic loss is estimated at RMB 28.6 billion , or US $ 4.5 billion . In Guizhou province , it 's the worst drought in 60 years , affecting 21.5 million people , the ministry said . More than 7 million people and 3 million cattle are short of drinking water . The drought has damaged 1.8 million hectares  4.4 million acres  of farmland , according to the ministry . The Chinese government is ramping up aid for farmers impacted by the drought , the Ministry of Agriculture said . The Ministry of Finance will distribute relief funds . Agriculture experts will be sent to the rain-starved areas to help farmers combat the shortfall of precipitation and see to the allocation of relief materials like seeds and fertilizers .	Guizhou province is suffering its worst drought since 1951 Millions of people are short of drinking water The drought has had a large impact on agriculture The economic loss is estimated at $ 4.5 billion
Los Angeles  CNN  -- In the final two hours of a dramatic standoff with rogue ex-Los Angeles police officer Christopher Dorner , San Bernardino County sheriff 's deputies did not fire a single gunshot during their raid of a compound where he barricaded himself after killing one deputy and seriously wounding another , according to dispatch logs . When the SWAT team arrived on February 12 , a robot-controlled tractor tore down blood-spattered walls of the vacated home near Big Bear , offering tactical teams a clean view inside the cabin , logs show . The redacted transcripts detail the chase that began after a 911 call from a Big Bear couple whom Dorner had held hostage at gunpoint and hogtied before fleeing their condo that Tuesday afternoon . The manhunt ended in Dorner 's death from a suspected self-inflicted gunshot wound . The printed text of dispatch logs began at 12:23 p.m. PT with a frantic cell-phone call to authorities from Karen Reynolds and her husband , Jim , who reported being "  tied up by Chris Dorner , " who had fled in their vehicle 15 to 30 minutes earlier . According to the logs , about one hour later , the first exchange of gunfire with Dorner occurred when he was spotted by California Fish and Wildlife officers as he attempted to flee the mountain in another stolen vehicle . Women wounded in manhunt to get $ 4.2 million When officers identified Dorner 's abandoned vehicle and traced him to a vacation cabin , a barrage of gunfire erupted , and hundreds of rounds were exchanged , authorities said . As the gun battle intensified , officers requested an armored vehicle and air support to protect and rescue two officers wounded in the shootout , logs showed . The wounded officers , sheriff 's Detective Jeremiah MacKay and Deputy Alex Collins , were loaded into the flatbed of a pickup truck and later airlifted to area hospitals , where MacKay was pronounced dead . Collins was seriously wounded . At 4:05 p.m. PT , police reported green smoke inside the cabin , allegedly set off by Dorner . Five minutes later , a sheriff 's tactical unit fired gas canisters into the cabin after Dorner refused to respond to commands to surrender , logs showed . At 4:20 p.m. PT , police dispatch logs reported the sound of a single gunshot from inside the residence . Authorities later said that shot sounded different from the many others than had come from inside the house . Couple recounts being under protection during Dorner killing spree Moments later , the entire cabin was engulfed in flames , setting off hundreds of rounds of live ammunition purportedly left behind by Dorner . It would take several hours for authorities to safely enter the compound , where they found Dorner 's body in the basement . A preliminary examination concluded that his death was the result of a suspected self-inflicted gunshot wound . In the days after the incident , authorities defended their tactical strategy of firing gas "  burners " into the cabin , stating that SWAT team officers had issued several unanswered commands for Dorner to surrender . The dispatch logs were released in response to a request from media organizations , including CNN . During the unprecedented manhunt that went as far as Tijuana , Mexico , the search for Dorner turned to Big Bear after his burning truck was found deserted on a local forest road . In his manifesto posted on Facebook , Dorner allegedly threatened "  unconventional and asymmetrical warfare " against police . The manifesto was discovered three days after the slaying of an Irvine couple , Monica Quan and her fiancÃ © , Keith Lawrence . Quan was the daughter of a retired Los Angeles police captain whom Dorner allegedly blamed in part for his firing in 2009 . While attempting to elude authorities , Dorner killed Riverside police Officer Michael Crain during an ambush and wounded three others . At the height of the search for Dorner , more than 200 officers scoured Big Bear Mountain , cabin by cabin .	San Bernardino County deputies did n't fire guns in last 2 hours of Dorner manhunt Rogue ex-Los Angeles police officer refused to surrender , police logs show Green smoke , allegedly set off by Dorner , was seen inside the Big Bear cabin , logs show
For 17-year-old Madeleine , sunset brings fear . "  People prowl around the camp at night , " she says , sitting on her straw bed in the makeshift camp she is forced to call "  home . " Refugees have been fleeing fighting between renegade militia groups in eastern Democratic Republic of Congo . "  When I 'm alone in my shelter at night , people come by and pull up the blanket over the door . They look at me , and wo n't answer when I ask who they are . I 'm completely scared . " Just four weeks ago , Madeleine was forced to flee her village in the east of the Democratic Republic of Congo , walking 24 hours to get to Bulengo camp , on the outskirts of Goma town . She had been raped by two rebel militia men who attacked her while she was working in the fields . "  Each one took me , " she says . "  I stayed for one week at home , bleeding . I could n't walk . Then my father threw me out because he thought I was pregnant and carrying an enemy child . " Madeleine 's story is run of the mill here . The pain she feels does not mark her . For the past two months a steady stream of adults and children has been arriving here , trying to escape the vicious fighting between renegade militia groups that seems , once again , to be engulfing parts of eastern Democratic Republic of Congo . Around 40,000 are now crowded into Bulengo . Another 136,000 have fled to other camps around Goma and into Uganda , and the numbers are continuing to rise . The all-too-familiar cycles of destruction , rape and violence that have plagued this vast country for the past ten years , leaving more than four million dead , seem to have returned . In September last year , to much fanfare , the country held its first democratic elections . Observers hoped that for the first time , Congo 's history of bad government and rebellious factions could be put to rest . But for those living in the still-lawless east , there has been no such relief . "  Many of us have never re-found life , " says Benjamin Mafuluko Mugaliya , the secretary of Mugunga 2 camp , five minutes drive from Bulengo . "  People are suffering terribly . The soldiers come and burn our houses , separate families and kill . It is getting worse and it is very frightening " He stands behind a battered table - there are no chairs - in a small hut he uses as the camp 's headquarters . "  It 's not safe for us here . We 've had cases of cholera , dysentery , and there 's no medical centre . The facilities here are terrible . This camp has been here for five months and it was only last week that we got a water pump . " Even basic shelter is still a problem for the 16,000 living here . "  Two-thirds of the families still do n't have plastic sheeting to protect them from the cold and the rain , " says Mugaliya . "  And there are n't enough clothes . We try to protect the children , but it 's difficult , especially when they 're going out into the village to try to earn money . They are being exploited inside and outside the camp . It 's very frustrating not to be able to act . " A straw pole among the kids at the water pump affirms Mugaliya worries . "  Look at me , I 'm dirty , " confides eight-year old Vivian , a square-shouldered little boy wearing a filthy grey t-shirt . "  We get wet when it rains , " adds 12-year-old Chantale , who lives , as do most in the camp , under a cramped shelter made of branches and banana leaves . "  And we 're just hungry . We have to start our life every day without eating or drinking . " The biggest complaint , however , is boredom . "  We do n't do anything , " says nine-year-old Paul , chewing a piece of plastic . "  We want to go to school , we want school desks and books and uniforms . But there is nothing for us . " Angelique Myirasafari is a social worker with aid organisation Save the Children , which is working with children in the camps around Goma . "  We help look after children who have been separated from their families , listening to their stories , helping them to get medical care , trying to trace their parents , " she says . "  Sometimes you ca n't believe the stories you are hearing . These children have gone through so much . Many of the children we are working with have been forced to fight as soldiers , both boys and girls . They are captured in their villages by militia , tied up and sent to kill on the front line . " She breaks off to talk to a teenage boy who has arrived at the tent door , clearly ill , his face running with sweat . When she returns , she continues . "  After more than ten years of fighting it feels like the country is on the brink again , and it ca n't be allowed to happen . The international community has a responsibility here , to make sure all the military leaders come together to find a peaceable solution . " She waves her arm towards the door . "  These kids are desperate to be at home with their families , going to school , and to be responsible for their own lives . They tell me they want to be pilots , doctors , even drivers with big cars . If steps are n't taken now to calm this conflict , they 're going to be the biggest victims . " All the names of the children in this article have been changed to protect them from persecution . E-mail to a friend	Fighting continues between militia groups in eastern Democractic Republic of Congo Life in refugee camps in the east of the country is harsh and dangerous A generation of child soldiers is growing up among violence
Barack Obama became the first sitting U.S. president to visit Myanmar on Monday , praising the courage of fellow Nobel Peace Prize winner Aung San Suu Kyi while also providing a symbolic nod to initial reforms in a nation once notorious for political repression . Later , Obama traveled to Cambodia for a summit of regional leaders and held what an aide called a "  tense "  meeting with the host country 's prime minister that emphasized the need for improving human rights there . The president 's trip , his first overseas since winning re-election this month , foreshadowed the focus his administration will place on Asia in a second term as part of a strategy to blunt Chinese influence in the region . Cambodia is an ally of China . Monday 's highlight was the several hours Obama spent in Myanmar , the formerly secretive country also known as Burma . The president met with Suu Kyi at the lakeside villa where she spent years under house arrest for her pro-democracy activism . Obama called the meeting a new chapter between the two countries . "  Here , through so many difficult years , is where she has displayed such unbreakable courage and determination , " Obama told reporters , standing next to Suu Kyi . "  It is here where she showed that human freedom and human dignity can not be denied . " Myanmar was politically and economically isolated from the rest of the world for decades until it ended military rule last year . In a diplomatic show of support , Obama referred to the country by the government 's preferred name -- Myanmar -- rather than the colonial name of Burma used by Suu Kyi and democracy activists . Suu Kyi warned that Myanmar 's reform process would be difficult . "  The most difficult time in any transition is when we think success is in sight , then we have to be very careful that we are not lured by a mirage of success , and that we are working toward its genuine success for our people and friendship between our two countries , " she said . Opinion : Myanmar faces unfolding crisis Before meeting Suu Kyi , Obama spent an hour with Myanmar President Thein Sein , whose reform drive has seen the release of hundreds of political prisoners and steps to open the country 's economy . The democratic and economic reforms started by the president could lead to "  incredible development opportunities , " Obama said . Thein Sein , who wore a long purple sarong and white shirt , told Obama he was committed to strengthening bilateral relations . The name Myanmar was introduced by the former military regime 23 years ago and is preferred by the country 's current leaders . Until Monday , the Obama administration had largely stuck to the British colonial name of Burma . Deputy National Security Adviser Ben Rhodes told reporters that Obama exercised "  diplomatic courtesy " in referencing Myanmar instead of Burma when meeting with Thein Sein . The official U.S. position continued to be that the country 's name is Burma , Rhodes said . As well as meeting Thein Sein and Suu Kyi , Obama delivered a speech at the University of Yangon in which he urged the country to continue its "  remarkable journey . " "  The flickers of progress that we have seen must not be extinguished , " Obama said . "  Reforms launched from the top of society must meet the aspirations of citizens who form its foundation . " After leaving Myanmar , Obama traveled to Cambodia for a summit of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations that began with a first round of talks Monday followed by an evening dinner . The president also discussed human rights issues in the host country with Prime Minister Hun Sen , highlighting the case of a Cambodian radio broadcaster sentenced to prison for something he said on air about land seizures , according to Rhodes . He described the meeting as "  tense , " in keeping with past U.S. efforts to raise human rights issues with Cambodia . Hun Sen offered no promises , but expressed a desire for closer economic ties with the United States , Rhodes said . In essence , Rhodes said , Obama was delivering a similar message in both Cambodia and Myanmar . At the dinner Monday night , Obama and the other regional leaders wore shirts of batik , the colorful cloth that express Southeast Asia 's tropical culture . The president sat between Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard and Hun Sen. The visit to Myanmar created "  Obama fever " in Yangon , with crowds waving U.S. flags lining the street from the airport to greet the U.S. president . His meeting with Thein Sein took place in the nation 's largest city , rather than the isolated capital . Obama 's image also featured on T-shirts and mugs for sale in city stores . Before his trip , Obama insisted the visit was "  not an endorsement of the Burmese government . " "  This is an acknowledgment that there is a process under way inside that country that even a year and a half , two years ago , nobody foresaw , " Obama told reporters in Thailand on Sunday , the first stop on his Asia trip . He added that the country was moving "  in a better direction . " Western governments have responded to Myanmar 's progressive efforts by easing sanctions that targeted the military regime . On Friday , the U.S. eased restrictions on imports of most goods from Burma . But the country has also witnessed bouts of turmoil in recent months . Violence between Rohingya Muslims and local Buddhists broke out in the western state of Rakhine . What 's behind sectarian violence in Myanmar ? During the latest eruption of tensions , the United Nations said at least 89 people were killed over two weeks of violence and 110,000 were displaced . Obama urged Myanmar to use its "  diversity as a strength , not a weakness . " "  I believe deeply that this country can transcend its differences , and that every human being within these borders is a part of your nation 's story . " He met briefly with representatives of civil society organizations , including an advocate for Burma 's Rohingya population . However , some aid organizations questioned whether now is the right time for Obama to add legitimacy to Thein Sein 's government . Burmese exile leaders and human rights advocates have expressed concerns that the visit is too soon , and may not yield the additional reforms that a presidential visit can deliver if it happens at the right time .	President Obama has a "  tense " meeting with Cambodia 's leader The president is in Cambodia for a summit of Southeast Asian nations Obama meets with pro-democracy icon Aung San Suu Kyi and Myanmar 's president Obama is the first sitting U.S. president to visit Myanmar , also known as Burma
CNN  Nigerians go to the polls on March 28 in a tight contest , which is getting extra attention after the original date was rescheduled at the last minute . Many voters will be holding their registration card in one hand , and their mobile in the other -- making democratic history with the help of tech . In Africa 's largest mobile phone market , programs to encourage citizens to get involved in the election have been gaining traction . "  Nigerians are looking for information , " says Femi Longe , co-founder of Co-Creation Hub which meshes tech and social issues . "  Technology is helping people get involved in the conversation around democracy and elections , which is very important , as the general interest in the air has waned since the voting date was changed . " As incumbent Goodluck Jonathan prepares to face-off against former military ruler Muhammadu Buhari , Longe and his team have developed TechSQUAD -- a gang of geeks who work on web-projects that help citizens vote . Pre-Vote Prep One such project is Govote.ng , a popular website that is focused on the registration process -- that 's crucial as in Africa 's most populous country , with over 170 million citizens , the logistics can be staggering . "  Most Nigerians have no idea where they are registered , " explains Longe . "  We want to simplify the entire election process , -LSB- and -RSB- make it responsive to users . " People log on to the site to see whether they are registered with the Nigeria Independent National Electoral Commission  INEC  and , if not , they can find out how and where to register . TechSQUAD says approximately 10,000 people visit the site each day . Finger 's Influence Other squads concentrate on the next step . Youth charity YIAGA has set up ThumbPower which gets Nigerians to "  use your thumb wisely . " Sections like "  Who can vote " and "  Where and When " set out the process in language anyone can understand . Interactive maps connect users to local activists and the countdown clock is a reminder that the new elections date is approaching fast . "  The rescheduling of the election ... did affect the level of voter enthusiasm , " explains YIAGA Program Manager , Cynthia Mbamalu . "  While there are certain concerns about security and the guarantee of free , fair and credible elections , the interest in this election is founded on the belief that this time votes will count . " Personality Problem This election will be the first since Nigeria re-calculated it 's GDP and pulled ahead of South Africa to become the continent 's biggest economy . With a nominal GDP of $ 510 billion , and an oil sector that makes up 96 % of total export earnings , the outcome of the vote will be closely watched by policy makers and businesses all over the world . Politicians , however , stand accused of relying on personalities rather than policies when it comes to winning votes . "  The strength of a leader 's personality and his key personal networks are playing a very strong role , " says Jasper Veen , Nigeria Director at National Democratic Institute . "  Both flag-bearers occasionally attempt to articulate policy positions -- it is still a far cry from policy-based politics . " And this is set to be a particular issue in this poll , as some seek a strongman who can defeat Boko Haram militants in the North-East -- the main justification authorities used when explaining the decision to delay the vote by six weeks . To fight this popularity contest , TechSQUAD collaborated with The Centre for Democracy and Development  CDD  to produce ngmanifesto.org , which explains what the parties plan to do to improve education , the economy and infrastructure . And once a government is elected , the site will track whether election pledges become reality . ` Quick Count ' Technology will also play a big role on voting day . A representative volunteer network of 4,000 observers trained by Transition Monitoring Group  TMG  will corroborate official election results using a system of text messages . The SMSs are coded so they can not be intercepted , and also to ensure the data can be organized and communicated quickly . The process aims to bring transparency to the elections , and will be assisted by Niger 's Former Prime Minister , Mahamadou Danda , who is part of a smaller team of international observers organized by the National Democratic Institute . Such independent observation is likely to speak to the thousands of citizens concerned with governance in the country . A recent Afrobarometer poll found that 68 % of respondents are "  not very " or "  not at all " satisfied with the way democracy is working in Nigeria . Another approach to inspire citizens to get involved in the election is the Nigerian Constitution App which has been downloaded almost 1 million times according to The Indigo Trust . By making the constitution available on mobile phones , the app aims to teach citizens about national laws and inspire them to vote . And there 's also BudgIT -- a site that publishes state and federal budgets for all to see . The list of election-based websites and apps goes on -- too many to mention here . But , while the election outcome is yet to be seen , it seems that the tech involved could bring a formidable force to the ballot box . More from Marketplace Africa Read this : Cooking up a recipe for tasty profits in UAE Watch this : Banana fiber transforms lives in Uganda	Nigeria 's postponed Presidential election is slated to be held on March 28 Incumbent Goodluck Jonathan will face-off against former military ruler Muhammadu Buhari Technologists and NGOs are working together to help voters prepare for the election
New York  CNN  -- Spider-Man 's alter ego can not escape the harsh realities of the current economic times and will lose his job in an issue of the Amazing Spider-Man hitting stores this week . Peter Parker , official photographer of the mayor by day and New York City crime fighter by night , is going to face new challenges , including unemployment . "  He 's going to struggle with unemployment and trying to save the city while he can barely afford to keep a roof over his head , " said Steve Wacker , Marvel Comics senior editor . Parker has always been a grounded character with real-world problems , Wacker said . His aunt is frequently sick , he has girlfriend troubles , and he sometimes struggles to find work . In addition , Spider-Man story lines are often set against a backdrop of current events . In the near future , Parker will have to juggle paying bills and buying "  web-fluid " and other materials to fix his superhero costume in addition to keeping his dual identities under wraps . Parker 's work history includes photographer , assistant high school coach , science teacher and scientific researcher , according to his biography on the Marvel Web site . His education includes a college degree in biophysics and some postgraduate work in biochemistry . It was at a science exhibit he attended as a teenager that he was bitten by a radioactive spider and acquired the creature 's strength , agility and weaving ability , says Marvel Comics . And although Parker has skills few other others can claim , he probably wo n't list these on his resume : superhuman strength , ability to cling to most surfaces , fast traveling ability aided by web-slinging and spider-sense danger avoidance system . The Amazing Spider-Man comic was first published in 1963 .	Spider-Man 's alter ego , Peter Parker , will lose his job this week Parker 's going to struggle with unemployment , try to save city , pay his bills Marvel comics tries to have story lines set against backdrop of current events
CNN  -- Perfumes are typically named for flowers , jewels , seasons or feelings -- not long-range missiles . But residents of Gaza can now buy a fragrance inspired by the rockets used in Hamas ' recent conflict with Israel . Gaza company Stay Stylish is behind the perfume , called M75 . "  We have a marketing slogan which is ` Whoever loves victory , happiness and dignity , loves the M75 perfume , ' " the company 's marketing director , who wished to be identified only as Shadi , told CNN at the Stay Stylish store in Gaza City 's Rimal neighborhood . "  M75 in Gaza means a period of happiness , or the feeling of victory , and the use of the perfume is an expression of happiness as well . " The M75 was one of the long-range missiles militants in Gaza fired at Tel Aviv and Jerusalem during the conflict last month , which ended after eight days with a cease-fire on November 21 . Although the conflict resulted in the deaths of many more Palestinians than Israelis , Hamas ' leader Khaled Meshaal claimed victory for his organization , saying Hamas had forced Israel to accept their terms . Many Gazans took to the streets to celebrate what they saw as a victory over the Israeli military . Shadi told CNN the "  victory " provided an ideal marketing opportunity . He said the rocket was a local symbol of pride , used in much the same way a Parisian company might use an image of the Eiffel Tower to market their perfume . "  In our case , it was the victory of the Palestinians that will make a profit for our company , " he said . Charles Lister , an analyst at IHS Jane 's Terrorism and Insurgency Center , told CNN the M75 was named for one of Hamas ' founders , Ibrahim Al-Maqadma , and its designed range of 75 kilometers . Although the rocket was essentially a reproduction of Iranian technology , Hamas had branded the rocket a Palestinian achievement to project an image of self-dependence and military strength . "  By claiming to have produced the M75 itself , Hamas is arguably trying to present itself as a force capable of producing its own weapons and not relying only on foreign powers as suppliers , " he said . The commander of Iran 's elite Revolutionary Guards has publicly acknowledged supplying Hamas with the knowledge to develop the M75 , a version of Iran 's Fajr missiles . Shadi said the perfume came in male and female versions , with the male scent containing notes of citrus , vanilla and sandalwood , and the women 's version smelling of rose , basil and jasmine . Both were selling well , he said . "  Thank God the Palestinian people are proud of the number 75 . " M75 is not the first fragrance to have been inspired by a conflict with Israel . Following the 2006 Israel-Lebanon conflict , Lebanon 's Daily Star reported bottles of a scent called "  Resistance " were being sold in southern Beirut , packaged with an image of Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah and a representation of a damaged Israeli warship .	A Gaza company has launched a perfume named after Hamas ' M75 rockets Its slogan is ` Whoever loves victory , happiness and dignity , loves the M75 perfume ' The rocket , built with Iranian advice , is a symbol of pride for many in Gaza
Washington  CNN  -- The split screen told the story -- when Mitt Romney was speaking , President Barack Obama was looking down ; when Obama was speaking , Romney was looking at the president . "  It has killed jobs , " Romney said during Wednesday 's debate about the politically charged health care law pushed by Obama . "  Obamacare , the Congressional Budget Office has said , will cost $ 2,500 a year more than traditional insurance . " Romney looked at the crowd , moderator Jim Lehrer and even Obama during the exchange . Obama , on the other hand , looked down , shook his head and sporadically looked at his Republican adversary . Fact Check : Job creation versus unemployment The directness in that one exchange -- which was one of many during the debate -- showed Romney was not afraid to go toe-to-toe with Obama . The former Massachusetts governor came across as direct and combative . Obama seemed removed and did n't return fire as Romney pulled no punches . Read the transcript of the debate Facebook users , who rated the performance using the CNN grading application , described Obama as "  meek " and "  unprepared . " A number of users who graded the president poorly mentioned that he was regularly looking down . "  I think they had the wrong strategy , " former Obama adviser Van Jones said of his boss ' campaign . "  I think he thought that he was going to go and have a conversation with the American people . I think he took Romney too lightly . I think he did not expect Romney to be able to throw that kind of heat . " "  Romney was able to out Obama Obama on the connection piece , on the authenticity piece , on being able to tell the story , " said Jones . Analysis : Romney seizes the story During the 2008 presidential debates against Sen. John McCain  R-Ariz .  , Obama regularly looked into the camera when he spoke and countered the attacks of his Republican challenger . That debate style directly contrasted the way Obama appeared on Wednesday in Denver . At one point , Romney directly told viewers that "  virtually everything he -LSB- President Obama -RSB- just said about my tax plan is inaccurate . " "  So if the tax plan he described were a tax plan I was asked to support , I 'd say absolutely not , " Romney said . "  I 'm not looking for a $ 5 trillion tax cut . What I 've said is , I wo n't put in place a tax cut that adds to the deficit . " Again , as Romney was answering , Obama seemed to be taking notes . Following Romney 's statement , Obama shot back , accusing Romney of tossing out his plan before the debate . Five things we learned from the debate "  Well , for 18 months he 's been running on this tax plan . And now , five weeks before the election , he 's saying that his big , bold idea is ` Nevermind . ' Critics sometimes accuse the president of being too professorial and possibly too cool . Following the debate , even supporters issued that critique . "  I just got the sense that the president would have preferred to be somewhere else , " said James Carville , a CNN contributor and former adviser to President Bill Clinton . "  President Obama came there , he wanted to have a conversation . Takes two people to have a conversation . Mitt Romney came there with a chainsaw . " At crossroads of economic crisis , debate disappoints Carville continued with some of the same directness exhibited by Romney on Wednesday : "  The president did n't bring his ` A ' game tonight . " And viewers agreed . Sixty-seven percent of registered voters who watched the debate said Romney won , while 25 % said Obama came out on top , according to a CNN/ORC International Poll . "  The president just did n't seem like he wanted to debate Romney , " said CNN 's Chief National Correspondent John King . "  If he came in there thinking , ' I am ahead therefore I am going to stay above the fray , ' that is a strategic mistake because he is not that far ahead . " CNN fact checks the candidates on key issues	Democrat Van Jones : "  I think -LSB- Barack Obama -RSB- did not expect -LSB- Mitt -RSB- Romney to be able to throw that kind of heat . " Democrat James Carville : "  I just got the sense that the president would have preferred to be somewhere else . " CNN Poll : 67 % of registered voters who watched the debate said Romney won . In the same poll , 25 % said President Obama came out on top .
CNET  -- Google Wave and Google Buzz may have had troubles attracting usage , but the new ability to place calls from Gmail appears to have caught on quickly . "  Over 1,000,000 calls placed from Gmail in just 24 hours ! " Google tweeted Thursday , evidently pleased with the number . For comparison , there are somewhat more than 300 million people in the United States . If the average person makes 10 calls per day -- research in 2008 put the number at 208 calls per month -- that means about one out of every 3,000 calls in the U.S. went through the service on its first day . The service lets Gmail users make free calls to U.S. and Canada and inexpensive calls to phones in other countries . It uses Gmail as an interface and optionally can integrate with Google Voice to receive calls as well . To be sure , a lot of calls are placed daily in the United States , where the new Gmail feature was activated initially . But the figure indicates that a sizable number of the millions of Gmail users at least gave it a whirl even if they did n't decide it was time to stop paying for their other phones . I had two successes with the service the day it launched , both unplanned . First , somebody called my mobile phone and my computer "  rang " as well . I had the pleasure of conducting an interview via headphones and my computer 's microphone rather than trying to squeeze my mobile phone between my shoulder and ear for an hour . I 've done plenty of interviews over Skype , but this time the call came in from the phone system without my having to get somebody to sign up for Skype or for me to pay for a SkypeIn phone number . Second , I came back to my desk to see a missed call announced on my Gmail screen . I clicked the phone number to call back and had a quick chat through my computer . Nothing fancy , but no mobile phone minutes were consumed in this process , and I did n't have to tell anybody anything except my Google Voice phone number . Given the vast number of phone calls made daily , I 'm reluctant to draw any grand conclusions . But the fact is that I used the service twice yesterday without actively seeking to do so  granted , I already signed up for Google Voice and installed the required chat plug-in  . That indicates to me that it 's a matter those in the voice over Internet Protocol  VoIP  realm or more traditional telephony will need to take seriously . © 2010 CBS Interactive Inc. . All rights reserved . CNET , CNET.com and the CNET logo are registered trademarks of CBS Interactive Inc. . Used by permission .	New service lets Gmail users make free calls to U.S. and Canada and cheap calls overseas "  Over 1,000,000 calls placed from Gmail in just 24 hours ! " Google tweeted Thursday Author had two successes with the service the day it launched , both unplanned
CNN  -- The first couple weeks of each new year start with grandiose visions . This year , you will exercise like a maniac , eat well , start a rewarding relationship , advance your career and take amazing and exotic vacations . Now that we 're halfway through January , some of that get-up-and-go has dissipated a wee bit , no ? Do n't abandon your entire ambitious agenda . At the very least , enrich yourself with a travel adventure . Hopefully , good fortune has shined upon your bank account in the form of a holiday bonus or an upcoming tax refund . Here are 12 ideas to get you started : January : Scenic snowshoeing Yes , January is slipping away fast , so this first option is an easy one for anyone who lives within striking distance of a heap of snow . Snowshoeing is pretty straightforward ; it 's bundled up hiking with special shoes . In some cases , it 's also free . At Oregon 's spectacular Crater Lake National Park , rangers lead free snowshoeing hikes  shoes included  each Saturday and Sunday  there 's also one on MLK Jr. . Day  . Conservation organization Oregon Wild and outdoor clubs in snowy states like Vermont also arrange snowshoeing expeditions . You can rent shoes from outdoor outfitters for $ 10 to $ 20 per day . Plus , there 's a romance factor . Oregon Wild wilderness coordinator Erik Fernandez proposed marriage on a full-moon snowshoeing outing . "  If you 're looking for a romantic date , taking somebody on a full-moon snowshoe trip is going to score you some serious points , " he said . Rewarding relationship , wintry adventure -- check , check . Blood falls and other natural oddities February : Skiing inn-to-inn in Norway Renew your fitness vows by cross-country skiing along the well-groomed Peer Gynt Trail in Gudbrandsdalen in south-central Norway . A seven-day self-guided trip organized by Norske Bygdeopplevelser has skiiers covering up to 16 miles a day . Your luggage is transferred from inn to inn as you ski alongside inspiring views of the Jotunheimen and Rondane mountains and Lake Gala . See ? Outdoor exercise is a lovely pursuit . $ 1,550 per person for double occupancy , including lodging , train transfers to and from Oslo , luggage transport and most meals . Ski equipment is not included . Inside the beluga of the skies March : Big game fishing in Panama Panama 's got world-class fishing , plus bragging rights if you hook something huge . Panama Big Game Fishing Club on Isla Boca Brava off the Pacific Coast offers four to seven-night fishing packages , starting at about $ 3,000 per person for four nights , including lodging , airport transfers and domestic flights , fishing expeditions and all meals and drinks . The waters near the lodge are home to a large population of billfish , including black marlin and Pacific sailfish as well as a host of other impressive swimmers . 8 elegant U.S. mansion hotels April : A tall ship ocean crossing Royal Clipper 's 21-night Barbados to Rome trans-Atlantic crossing is for the truly committed sailor and ship enthusiast . "  They take the trip because they want to experience an uninterrupted stretch of sailing in open water , as there are 10 consecutive days at sea on this cruise . They also tend to be readers , " said Buck Banks , a spokesman for Star Clippers . The ship stops in Portugal 's Azores , Malaga , Mallorca and Menorca , Spain before reaching Rome . Weather permitting , passengers may have the opportunity to swim in the middle of the Atlantic . Brrrrr . The 42-sail , five-masted full-rigged Royal Clipper was inspired by the historic tall ship Preussen . Rates start at $ 5,878 per person for double occupancy . May : Tuscany biking You 'll want to stretch your legs now that you 're back on dry land . Pedal through Tuscany with a six-night bike tour from Backroads . The verdant landscape , Medieval hilltop towns and Chianti wine tastings will take the edge off the rolling hills , and daily route options from "  easygoing " to "  avid " give you some wiggle room on your energy investment .  And there 's shuttle support  . Rates start at $ 4,398 per person for double occupancy . June : Spotting the Komodo dragon To see a Komodo dragon in the wild , you have to go to Indonesia . Komodo National Park , a UNESCO World Heritage site located in the center of the Indonesian archipelago , is home to more than 5,000 of the world 's largest living lizards , the Varanus komodoensis . The park is made up of three main islands , Komodo , Rinca and Padar . Many outfitters run single and multi-day trips from Labuan Bajo on Flores . Guides are necessary as the dragons are dangerous . The area around the islands also boasts spectacular scuba diving . July : Swiss hut hiking Hiking from one Alpine hut to another to see the famed Matterhorn is many a European 's idea of a good time . For those not familiar with the tradition , why not explore the Haute Route taken by British climbers for the first time more than a century ago ? Only experienced trekkers need apply , even on an organized tour , because the route can include daily altitude gains of more than 3,000 feet . U Track 's Haute Route tour through Switzerland starts in Le Chable  near Verbier  and concludes in Zermatt , including views of the Matterhorn , Dent Blanche , Zinalrothorn and Weisshorn during the trip . Rates start at $ 1190 . August : Burning Man Festival Design your own desert sculpture . Turn your bicycle into a moving Oreo . Or create a mock Wall Street and burn it down , as artist Otto Von Danger did in 2012 . The huge totem that 's set ablaze in the Nevada desert , giving Burning Man its name , is just the tip of the iceberg that attracts free thinkers , radical artists and others wishing to break free of society 's constraints . Purists complain that mainstream tourists changed the event with their RVs and plasma televisions -- hardly evidence of the self-reliance the organizers extoll . But as you watch "  the Burn " when Burning Man gets torched , you may be transformed . Pre-sale tickets cost $ 650 plus fees . Need-based discounts are available . September : Coastal Portugal hiking While Portugal is well known for its port wine tourism , many travelers are just starting to realize how much more Portugal 's rugged Atlantic coast offers the adventurer . A new REI Adventures trip from Lisbon to the Algarve hits villages , beaches and castles , ending up on the windswept , far-western Sagres promontory , on the edge of the Old World . Enjoy the food and drink in lovely cafes and plazas as you rest each night . Rates start at $ 2,499 for REI members and $ 2,899 for nonmembers .  REI charges a one-time fee of $ 20 to become a member . October : Climb to Mount Everest 's base camp Climbing Mount Everest is not for the faint of heart or body . Even the most experienced climbers have perished on the unforgiving mountainside . A trip to Everest 's base camp , still only for the most physically fit , may be the way to start exploring this Nepalese wonder . National Geographic Expedition 's 19-day Himalayan trek to Everest 's Southern Face Base Camp combines days of hiking with exploration of ancient Thami and Tengboche monasteries as well as Sherpa villages . Prices start at $ 4,995 . November : Search for South Africa 's animals There 's never been a better time to explore all that South Africa has to offer . Go on safari , of course , but also explore this magnificent country while hiking , biking and kayaking . Spend three days on safari with REI Adventures at Sabi Sand Reserve , explore the Cape Winelands via bicycle , kayak to an African Penguin colony , hike Cape Town 's Table Mountain and hike in the Drakensburg Mountains . Prices for REI members start at $ 6,999 and nonmember prices start at $ 7,700 . December : Christmas kayaking in Costa Rica If you 've had enough of artificial Christmas trees and shopping mall-dictated presents , leave it all behind and head to Costa Rica for a nature adventure . Nestled between the Caribbean Sea and the Pacific Ocean , this small Central American country has some of the most diverse animal life and lush landscape in the world . Not sure where to start ? G Adventures ' Costa Rica kayaking trip includes kayaking and standup paddling in Lake Arenal , kayaking through the canals around Tortuguero , a boat trip of Tortuguero National Park and a guided hike through the jungle . Prices start at $ 799 .	Vow to do something truly memorable on vacation this year See Komodo dragons in Indonesia or try sportfishing in Panama Go to Burning Man or bicycle through Tuscany
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- The Pakistani Supreme Court is investigating allegations that a tribal council in a restive province ordered that about a dozen girls aged between 4 and 16 be handed over from one tribe to another to settle a feud , a provincial official said Tuesday . The girls are at risk because under "  vani , " the tradition invoked by the council to resolve the dispute , they will be forced to marry members of the tribe to which they are given . Vani is illegal under Pakistani law . Following local news reports on the tribal council 's decision , the Supreme Court has requested that the provincial authorities present the 13 girls and their parents Wednesday at its building in Quetta , the capital of Balochistan , said Babar Yaqoub , the chief secretary of the province . More on Pakistan : Taliban shoots teen activist blogger Balochistan is the western Pakistani province where the meeting of tribal elders , known as a jirga , is reported to have been held recently . It was unclear Tuesday whether the girls had been handed over yet . The Supreme Court judges have also requested the attendance Wednesday of a provincial lawmaker accused of presiding over the tribal meeting in the district of Dera Bugti . The lawmaker , Tariq Masoori Bugti , has denied he was present at the jirga . The tribal council decided that one tribe should give the other the 13 girls and the sum of about $ 32,000 as restitution for the killing of a member of the second tribe about five months ago , according to two local government officials . The officials said they were not present at the tribal meeting but had been briefed on its proceedings by representatives of the village where it is alleged to have taken place . The two local officials declined to be identified , saying they feared they could lose their jobs if the influential tribal elders knew they were speaking to the news media about the matter . More on Pakistan : Case continues for teen accused of blasphemy Syed Faisal Shah , the top government official of Dera Bugti , confirmed that the jirga had taken place but declined to comment further , saying he could n't afford conflict with the jirga members . Iftikhar Muhammad Chaudhry , the popular chief justice of the Supreme Court , has decided to investigate by issuing a "  suo moto " notice , which allows him to initiate any case of alleged human rights violation even if the victim has n't filed a petition . Chaudhry is in Quetta at the moment to hear other cases and held a hearing on the "  suo moto " notice Tuesday . Tariq , the provincial lawmaker who the court has requested to appear before it Wednesday , denied he had presided over the tribal meeting . "  I played no role in the jirga , " he said by phone Tuesday . Tariq said that he had not yet been notified of the court request but that he would attend the hearing if he received orders to do so .	A tribal council is alleged to have used girls and money to settle a dispute Under the tradition , the girls must marry members of the tribe they are handed to The Supreme Court has ordered authorities to present the 13 girls on Wednesday A provincial lawmaker denies accusations he presided over the tribal council
EW.com  -- This "  Super Fun Night " casting is , frankly , super fun . EW has learned exclusively that "  Saturday Night Live " alum Fred Armisen has signed up to guest star in an upcoming episode of Rebel Wilson sitcom Super Fun Night . The "  Portlandia " star will reportedly play a character named Brian Headfoot , the exasperated head of HR at the law firm where Wilson 's Kimmie works . In the episode , his character is called in to broker a truce between feuding Kimmie and Kendall  Kate Jenkinson  . The episode is set to air early 2014 on ABC . Armisen is not the first "  SNL " alum to guest on the Wednesday night comedy . Just this week , Molly Shannon appeared on the show as a relationship guru nicknamed "  The Love Lioness . " See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Armisen will appear on an upcoming episode He is set to play the head of HR at a law firm He is not the first "  SNL " alum to guest on the show
CNN  -- David Wiles ca n't remember the first time he ever climbed a tree , but he does recall the first time he fell from one . "  I was about nine years old at a friend 's party , " says South African-born Wiles , 25 . "  I was told , ` do not climb that tree , ' and as a child you always know better , " he smirks . That fall , however , was never enough to uproot Wiles ' childhood fascination with hauling himself up tree trunks and clambering up branches . Nor did it prevent him from becoming a professional tree climber -- and embarking on a mission to reach the leafy summits of some of Africa 's tallest specimens . Last January , Wiles , along with fellow tree climber Drew Bristow , launched an expedition of tree enthusiasts aiming to explore and officially document for the first time some of South Africa 's greatest trees . "  I wanted to show Africa 's beautiful trees to the world , bringing more awareness -- therefore protection -- to people who may not necessarily be interested in trees normally , " says Wiles , co-founder of the "  Explore : The Ancient Trees of Africa " project . "  It 's all about celebrating trees , educating people and preserving for generations to come . " Record-breaking Over 30 days , the team journeyed through the entire East coast and northern swathe of the country , covering more than 4,000 kilometers . Swinging like marionettes , the climbing troupe used tree-friendly ropes and motorized ascenders to scale some 20 magnificent trees , such as ancient baobabs , majestic yellowwoods and giant Saligna gum trees . Highlights of the expedition included ascending the world 's biggest baobab -- a giant indigenous tree in the Limpopo province , boasting a 40-meter stem circumference at its peak  its size varies according to weather conditions , explains Wiles  . "  Just watching the sun going down from the top of that tree was amazing , " remembers Wiles . "  You are in the middle of nowhere and the only thing that you can hear around you is birds , " he adds . "  It makes you feel so small and insignificant . It also humbles you as these trees have stood for hundreds of years , thousands in some cases . Your mind wonders what they have been silent witnesses to over the centuries . " Read this : Saving the majestic baobab tree Wiles and his climbing partners also made history on January 26 when they scaled new heights by ascending for the first time what was measured to be the world 's tallest planted tree : a giant eucalyptus in Limpopo which , at 81.5 meters , would tower above a 25-story building . But the vista from the lofty canopy , says Wiles , served as a "  very stark wake-up call " to the extent of the human destruction of even the most pristine habitats . "  You look in one direction and you 've got a beautiful forest and some of Africa 's tallest trees , " says Wiles . "  And then you turn 180 degrees and face backwards and there 's nothing , " he adds . "  It 's a complete contrast ;  the area has  been cleared out , they 've cut literally all of the trees down -- that was quite sad . " Outstanding trees South Africa has an exceptional heritage of spectacular trees , boasting a large diversity of more than 1,300 tree and shrub species , as well as more than 1,000 introduced species , according to Izak van der Merwe , a forestry scientist at the country 's Department of Agriculture , Forestry and Fisheries . Yet illegal forestry , bushfires and industrial activities have had a big impact on some of South Africa 's forests , threatening the country 's rich biodiversity . In order to identify and safeguard its magnificent trees , the government launched in 2004 a project that gives special protected status to outstanding trees , based on their size and age as well as their historic , cultural and landscape value . So far , more than 70 trees and groups have been declared "  Champion Trees , " a title that means they may not be cut , disturbed or damaged without prior license . Wiles , who was born in South Africa and grew up in Zimbabwe before moving to the UK as a teenager , approached the "  Champion Trees " project before embarking on his expedition . The authorities asked him if he could help in officially recording the height of specific trees and Wiles proudly says that his project has added up to four trees to the Champion Tree list . Along the way , the team used mechanical ascenders to take non-climbers safely to the top of the amazing trees and experience the breathtaking vistas -- everyone from school children to national park rangers . "  This all goes to discovering and showcasing these amazing trees for people who will never see them themselves , as well as inspire some to go out and see them , " says Wiles . What 's next ? In August , the team also helped to install treetop nest boxes for the endangered Cape Parrot , an endemic species of which less than 1,000 are thought to remain . "  Our skills as climbers allow us to see things no one has even seen before , and therefore offer vast research possibilities , " explains Wiles , adding that the team is hoping to return to Limpopo as soon as possible to install further nests . "  We hope to gain more scientific backing into the Cape Parrots -- we are climbing arborists after all , not scientists -- and develop more knowledge and hopefully breeding pairs using the nest boxes successfully . " When asked if there is one specific tree that 's on his bucket list , Wiles pauses for a moment , before declaring : "  The one we have n't found ! " He adds : "  I would n't say there is one particular tree because at the moment we 've climbed the biggest and the most beautiful , but there is so much more ; there is going to be something else out there that is going to blow me away , it 's just a case of finding it -- there 's always a search for the next big one . "	A group of professional tree climbers are on a mission to scale Africa 's tallest trees They want to raise awareness about their protection by showcasing them to the world ` It 's all about celebrating trees , educating people , ' says co-founder David Wiles The group has also helped install nest boxes for the endangered cape parrot
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Bush and his top aides publicly made 935 false statements about the security risk posed by Iraq in the two years following September 11 , 2001 , according to a study released Tuesday by two nonprofit journalism groups . President Bush addresses the nation as the Iraq war begins in March 2003 . "  In short , the Bush administration led the nation to war on the basis of erroneous information that it methodically propagated and that culminated in military action against Iraq on March 19 , 2003 , " reads an overview of the examination , conducted by the Center for Public Integrity and its affiliated group , the Fund for Independence in Journalism . According to the study , Bush and seven top officials -- including Vice President Dick Cheney , former Secretary of State Colin Powell and then-National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice -- made 935 false statements about Iraq during those two years . The study was based on a searchable database compiled of primary sources , such as official government transcripts and speeches , and secondary sources -- mainly quotes from major media organizations . See CNN viewers ' reactions to the study " The study says Bush made 232 false statements about Iraq and former leader Saddam Hussein 's possessing weapons of mass destruction , and 28 false statements about Iraq 's links to al Qaeda . Bush has consistently asserted that at the time he and other officials made the statements , the intelligence community of the U.S. and several other nations , including Britain , believed Hussein had weapons of mass destruction . Responding to the study Wednesday , White House spokesman Scott Stanzel did not speak directly to the "  false claims " characterization . But he said the United States was part of a broad coalition of nations that took part in the Iraq invasion and that the invasion was based on intelligence from multiple countries . He called Hussein a threat to international security and a sponsor of terrorism , and said the world is better off without him . White House press secretary Dana Perino called the study "  flawed . " "  They only looked at members of the administration , rather than looking at members of Congress or people around the world , " she said . "  Because as you 'll remember , we were part of a broad coalition of countries that deposed a dictator based on a collective understanding of the intelligence . " "  And the other thing that that study fails to do is to say that after realizing that there was no WMD , as we thought as a collective body that there was , that this White House , the President set about to make reforms in the intelligence community to make sure that it does n't happen again . " Bush has repeatedly said that despite the intelligence flaws , removing Hussein from power was the right thing to do . The study , released Tuesday , says Powell had the second-highest number of false statements , with 244 about weapons and 10 about Iraq and al Qaeda . Former Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld and Press Secretary Ari Fleischer each made 109 false statements , it says . Deputy Defense Secretary Paul Wolfowitz made 85 , Rice made 56 , Cheney made 48 and Scott McLellan , also a press secretary , made 14 , the study says . "  It is now beyond dispute that Iraq did not possess any weapons of mass destruction or have meaningful ties to al Qaeda , " the report reads , citing multiple government reports , including those by the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence , the 9/11 Commission and the multinational Iraq Survey Group , which reported that Hussein had suspended Iraq 's nuclear program in 1991 and made little effort to revive it . The overview of the study also calls the media to task , saying most media outlets did n't do enough to investigate the claims . "  Some journalists -- indeed , even some entire news organizations -- have since acknowledged that their coverage during those prewar months was far too deferential and uncritical , " the report reads . "  These mea culpas notwithstanding , much of the wall-to-wall media coverage provided additional , ` independent ' validation of the Bush administration 's false statements about Iraq . " The quotes in the study include an August 26 , 2002 , statement by Cheney to the national convention of the Veterans of Foreign Wars . "  Simply stated , there is no doubt that Saddam Hussein now has weapons of mass destruction , " Cheney said . "  There is no doubt he is amassing them to use against our friends , against our allies , and against us . " E-mail to a friend	Study searched database for statements by Bush , aides , in 2001-2003 Bush made 260 false statements about Iraqi weapons , al Qaeda , study says Study accuses former Secretary of State Colin Powell of 244 false statements Also on the list : Cheney , Rumsfeld , Rice , former White House spokesmen
Three British men have been accused of plotting to decapitate a member of the public in the street , a court in London heard Thursday . British prosecutors said the men were inspired by a speech from the terror group ISIS , which called for attacks on "  disbelievers . " Nadir Sayed , 21 ; Yousaf Syed , 19 , and Haseeb Hamayoon , 27 , were charged Thursday with preparing acts of terrorism , according to London 's Metropolitan Police . Prosecutor Rebecca Munday claimed the men planned to behead a member of the public with knives . "  These are serious charges , the evidence of which has been set out in a lengthy case summary , " Munday told the court . "  In relation to that this appears to be an incident where there was an attack planned in the United Kingdom which seemed imminent . " The suspects were arrested in and around London on November 6 in the run-up to Remembrance Sunday -- when Britain marks the end of World War I -- along with a fourth man who was later released without charge . Armed police -- who are rarely deployed in the United Kingdom -- took part in three of the four arrests , though no shots were fired , police said at the time . The accused had been held in custody for two weeks -- the maximum time allowed under UK anti-terror laws before suspects must be charged . There 's been a marked increase in the number of people taken into custody recently under Britain 's Terrorism Act 2000 . Assistant Commissioner Mark Rowley said last month that counter-terrorism officers were "  running exceptionally high numbers of counter-terrorism investigations , the likes of which we have not seen for several years . " In the year up to October 17 , there had been 218 terror-related arrests , he said , adding that officers are disrupting "  several attack plots a year . " Many of the most recent terrorism-related arrests have been in London , the nation 's capital and the site of deadly coordinated 2005 suicide attacks , as well as the 2013 public slaying of British soldier Lee Rigby -- who was hit with a car and then attacked with knives by two men who were later found guilty of his murder and imprisoned for life . The UK government raised its terror threat level from "  substantial " to "  severe " -- the fourth-highest of five levels -- in late August in response to ISIS militants ' surge in Iraq and Syria and their threats against the West . At the time , UK Home Secretary Theresa May said "  that means that a terrorist attack is highly likely , but there is no intelligence to suggest that an attack is imminent . " None of the men in court Thursday entered a plea . They are next due to appear at London 's Central Criminal Court on December 4 .	Three British men were charged Thursday with preparing acts of terrorism Prosecutors tell London court the men were inspired by ISIS to behead member of public The three were arrested in and around London on November 6
CNN  -- "  A calculated , cold-blooded predator . " That was how Connecticut Judge James Bentivegna described a then 22-year-old Joshua Komisarjevsky on December 20 , 2002 , when the defendant was sentenced after being convicted on 12 counts of burglary . Today , Komisarjevsky -- now 31 -- sits in a Connecticut courtroom , where a jury will weigh his guilt on murder charges , and potentially pave the way for a death sentence . Prosecutors say that on July 23 , 2007 , Komisarjevsky and an accomplice , Steven Hayes , invaded the home of Dr. William Petit , raped and strangled his wife , Jennifer Hawke-Petit , molested one of their daughters , and set the house on fire before attempting to flee . Hawke-Petit and her daughters -- 17-year-old Hayley Petit and 11-year-old Michaela Petit -- died in the invasion of their Cheshire , Connecticut , home . Dr. William Petit , although severely beaten , managed to escape and crawl to a neighbor 's residence . Hayes was sentenced to death in December , after being convicted of 16 out of the 17 charges related to the three deaths . Both suspects had lengthy criminal records when they were arrested for the Petit invasion . Komisarjevsky 's long rap sheet , in particular , suggest that he was a troubled young man with a penchant for nighttime burglary and crystal meth . Officials with the Connecticut Board of Pardons and Paroles declined to speak with CNN , citing a gag order in the case . But over 200 pages of Komisarjevsky 's parole records have been released , which -- along with previous court testimony -- help paint a picture of the accused . One of his former attorneys , William Gerace , said that Komisarjevsky came from a close , religious family . But at the age of 14 , he began using drugs -- the same year , he claims , that he found out that he was adopted . By 18 , Komisarjevsky had found his drugs of choice : crystal meth and cocaine . He told the parole board that he stole money and electronics from upscale homes to feed his drug habit . Yet a transcript from his 2002 sentencing paints Komisarjevsky as more than just the average thief . According to a police statement read aloud in court that day , Komisarjevsky admitted that he broke into his first house when he was 14 years old . "  I always wore gloves , with the exception of one incident when I was 14 . I always acted alone . Approximately a year and a half ago , I acquired night vision goggles ... I used the night-vision equipment during the burglaries  over  the past year , " he said , according to the transcript . Gerace , who was Komisarjevsky 's defense attorney at the time , stressed that a need for money , to pay for drugs , drove his client . But he admitted that the way he went about it was unusual . "  Ninety-nine percent of burglaries are  committed by  junkies -- there 's nothing romantic about what they do , " said Gerace . "  That was the first time I 'd seen something as exotic as that . " Komisarjevsky confessed that he only broke into homes at night and never during the day -- a point stressed by prosecutors in the 2002 trial . They said his affinity for breaking into people 's homes at night showed that he wanted a confrontation , since that was the time when the residents were the most likely to be at home . Speaking during his December 2002 sentencing , Komisarjevsky appeared repentant . He addressed the court saying , "  I 've turned my back on my faith in God and my family . And in doing so , I fell flat on my face and deep into hard drugs ... the crimes I committed was weighing so heavily on my shoulders . " But the judge was not moved by Komisarjevsky 's show of remorse , sentencing him to nine years in prison plus six years of special parole , which has greater restrictions than typical probation . In April 2007 , he was paroled . And three months later , Komisarjevsky was arrested for the Petit home invasion and murders . What happened then , and what may have driven Komisarjevsky , remains a mystery to Gerace , his former attorney . "  He was a very complex young man . I do n't think I 've met anyone quite that complex , and I sensed there was an abundance of issues that had to be dealt with , " Gerace said . "  I wish him well , and I hope the jury makes the right decision . "	Joshua Komisarjevsky was convicted in 2002 on 12 counts of burglary Five years later , after being released on parole , he was accused of murder Prosecutors say he killed a Connecticut woman and set a fire that killed her daughters
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- A 20-inch machete from Costa Rica . New power drills with the tags still hanging . A pile of brass knuckles and nunchucks . Tubs of golf clubs , baseball bats and 10-pound exercise weights . An Atlanta TSA officer holds up some prohibited knives surrendered by passengers over the last month . These objects -- collected at Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport security checkpoints -- are among millions of items confiscated by the Transportation Security Administration from travelers ' carry-on bags each year . After the U.S. government expanded the list of items prohibited on airplanes in response to the attacks of September 11 , 2001 , air travelers have few options but to surrender their Swiss army knives , cake cutters or whatever banned loot lies in their carry-on bags . Between 2005 and 2006 , TSA confiscated 13 million prohibited items , according to a TSA spokesman . On an average month , Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport , the busiest airport in the world , takes 1,000 pounds of items from passengers . Ever wonder where all the junk goes ? Guns and firearms -- which are permitted in a traveler 's checked luggage but banned from carry-on bags -- are turned over to local law enforcement . The journey for shampoo and other liquids in containers larger than 3 ounces , which were banned on board in 2006 when terrorists attempted to use liquid explosives , is a short one . They are usually immediately disposed of through private waste contractors . See what Atlanta 's airport has collected in the last month " But the remaining items that possess some value -- knives , corkscrews , electric saws , meat cleavers and wrenches -- are donated to state surplus agencies . They go up for sale at warehouse auctions , retail stores and online Web sites such as eBay , and states keep the profits . Thrifty citizens can expect to buy the goods for cheap -- often just a fraction of the retail price . "  It 's not slowing down , " said Gary Thornton , program coordinator for the Division of Surplus Property in Kentucky . "  We figured the program would last for a few years and property would stop coming in because people should know better , but it has n't . " Thornton 's agency collects leftover contraband items from various airports in Florida , Ohio and Kentucky . State agencies and youth organizations such as the Boy Scouts of America get dibs , for just a few dollars per item , on the 10,000 pounds of airport contents brought to the state each month . The unsold items go on to eBay , where the public can pick up knives and Leatherman multitools , usually for 50 percent off the retail price . For several months , Thornton recalls receiving hundreds of miniature baseball bats from Louisville International Airport in Kentucky . They found a nice home for the bats at the Louisville Slugger Museum and Factory . TSA reports that bats , clubs , knives and blades remain the most popular contraband items passengers try to take onto airplanes without realizing they are illegal . Prior to 2007 , cigarette lighters were illegal . Security officers were gathering 22,000 lighters each day before TSA decided to lift the ban so officers could focus on finding more dangerous items . TSA does n't profit from any of the collected items , officials said . Travelers have the option to save their prohibited items by transferring the object to their checked luggage or placing it in their car . Passengers can mail the objects back to themselves if there is a post office nearby . But 90 percent of passengers , who are in a rush to catch a flight or do n't want the hassle of leaving the security line , just give the items up , says Shekia Gay , a TSA security officer in Atlanta . He said most passengers he encounters are very understanding about leaving behind their belongings , because they know the rules are meant to keep the public safe . But sometimes surrendering items can result in tears . Gay said once a female passenger came through with a set of expensive kitchen knives that was a wedding present . "  She was very upset and distressed , " he said . "  Her husband had to calm her down , and we kept telling her this is what we have to do . " Eight years after September 11 , travelers continue to bring banned items through the airport security checkpoints , despite continuous efforts by the TSA and airports to publicize what items are n't allowed . With more than 2 million passengers screened by TSA on any given day , officers say they are bound to collect prohibited possessions , said Jon Allen , a TSA spokesman . "  A lot of the things prohibited at checkpoints are allowed to go into checked bags , " he said . "  If there are items people really need , like a baseball bat or power tools , they can put it in their suitcase and it will still make the trip . " Even items that seem obvious to avoid are brought into security checkpoints . A few years ago , Allen said , a traveler tried to bring two gallons of gasoline because he was concerned his car would run out of gas en route from his home airport . Six months ago , a kitchen sink was found in one man 's bag in a Washington airport . The gasoline was disposed of . The kitchen sink was put up for sale . Shane Bailey , director of the Surplus Property Division in Alabama , says he has seen some unusual items -- most notably , a samurai sword -- in the six years his agency has been taking TSA 's airport junk . The division picks up leftover booty from Orlando International Airport in Florida . Disney World 's home airport yields plenty of fake pirate swords , and the TSA does not allow replica weapons , or even decorative belt buckles shaped like guns or plastic toys , to go aboard . Bailey said the swords are donated to nonprofits working with underprivileged children . On occasion , Alabama airport junk sifters will find family heirlooms or valuable memorabilia . The Alabama surplus staff once discovered a knife engraved with the New York Fire Department logo and a serial number . They tracked down the rightful owner and shipped it back to New York , free of charge . "  If there is a way to get the special items back to someone , we 'll go that extra mile , " he said . But some travel critics and passengers say taking their stuff is obnoxious and does little to deter terrorist threats . Eric Weiner , a columnist for WorldHum.com , a Web site about the travel experience , says he thinks collecting junk from passengers just provides an illusion of security . "  TSA knows collecting peanut butter and nail clippers is not really going to prevent a terrorist attack , " Weiner said . "  It might catch some very stupid terrorist , but not the smart ones . "	Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport collects 1,000 pounds of junk a month Knives , corkscrews and bats are among common items surrendered by travelers Kitchen sinks , machetes and chain saws have been confiscated by TSA TSA screens about 2 million passengers on any given day
CNN  -- Some of the world 's top tennis stars will have the honor of carrying their countries ' flags at Friday 's opening ceremony for the London 2012 Olympics , but one of the sport 's biggest names is taking a back seat . Not due to injury , like Beijing 2008 singles champion Rafael Nadal -- who has had to relinquish his role as Spain 's flag bearer -- but because one of the game 's renowned gentlemen thinks it 's time to share the prestigious job . While former world No. 1s Novak Djokovic and Maria Sharapova will lead the way for Serbia and Russia , Switzerland 's team will be led into the Olympic stadium by a gold medalist , and one of the European nation 's finest tennis players -- though he 's not the one that you 'd expect to see in the limelight . Stanislas Wawrinka has spent his career in the shadow of Roger Federer , but on Friday the eyes of the world will be on the man known as "  Stan " -- and not his great friend . Russian Olympic first for Sharapova World No. 1 Federer , the most successful men 's tennis player of any era , declined the chance to carry the Swiss flag for the third time . "  I just felt it was important to give someone else a chance . In Switzerland we believe that , " the 30-year-old said . "  I told the Swiss Olympic Committee that they should choose someone else and they chose my partner , Stan Wawrinka . It 's a great , great honor for him . I could n't have won the gold without him , everybody knows that . I think they chose the right guy . " A tale of two careers Wawrinka has won three tournament titles to Federer 's 75 , and $ 5.5 million in prize money to the 16-time grand slam champion 's $ 73 million , but they have one thing in common : an Olympic gold medal . Four years ago in Beijing , seeded only fourth , the Swiss duo overcame the odds to win the men 's doubles competition -- cementing a partnership that began when they started practicing together in the late 1990s . Wawrinka , nearly four years Federer 's junior , was just 16 at the time . "  He was already number six in the world -- after 10 minutes I was completely red ! " Wawrinka told CNN 's Open Court of his first session with Federer . "  I was dead tired , and so nervous to play with him . "  He 's the best , it 's good for any player . We 'll be practicing one week and then playing each other the next , but it 's not the fact that we share nationalities that makes playing him hard , it 's that he 's the best in the world . " American idol Wawrinka , like Federer , idolized seven-time Wimbledon winner Pete Sampras when he was growing up . "  I was n't good until I was 17 -- I never even won the Swiss Championship , " the 2003 French Open boys ' champion said . "  Sampras was a great athlete and I was a big fan . That 's why I focus on being an allrounder . " Federer matched Sampras ' record tally at the All England Club when he beat Andy Murray in this month 's final , and Wawrinka will face Britain 's world No. 4 in the opening round of the Olympic singles competition . Despite slipping down the world rankings from a career high of ninth in 2009 to 25th ahead of London 2012 , Wawrinka still holds hopes of success . "  I feel I 'm playing the best tennis of my career right now -- the top 40 is just so strong , the strongest it 's ever been , maybe . With this top 40 you have to fight for every match . To break back into it is more mental than physical , for sure . It 's about confidence , " he said "  Sometimes I put too much pressure on myself . It 's not good . I 'm too tight , because I want to win . That 's why I need to focus on what 's going on on the court , not off of it . " Family ties His drop in form coincided with the birth of his first child , daughter Alexia , in 2010 , while last year he separated from his wife Ilham Vuilloud . "  Having a daughter and being a tennis pro changes everything . It 's hard to train so much , but it 's great to see she 's interested in what I 'm doing -- if I 'm playing tennis , she wants to play tennis , " he said . Wawrinka fondly recalls Beijing , where he and Federer beat top-ranked doubles duo Mike and Bob Bryan in the semifinals before winning gold . "  We played our best tennis against the Bryan brothers -- it was the toughest and most important win . Whilst we talked strategy for the finals afterwards , it was made easier knowing we were playing great tennis , " he said . "  In the first game I was n't playing well , but Roger really helped me to be comfortable . We 've known each other for so long , but even we were surprised at how easy we found it on the court . It was so natural , and talking helped a lot -- we 're very honest around the court . " Their close relationship translated well off the court too , particularly in the Olympic Village . "  At night all of the Swiss athletes would play cards . We played a lot against the soccer team -- we were the best though , you can ask them ! " Togther for life If Federer 's inclusion for China was a foregone conclusion , Wawrinka 's presence was anything but guaranteed . "  Roger had a lot of great players to choose from  as a partner  . It was a tough choice but in the end he chose me . We were having a great time and I think that 's part of the reason we won -- I was happy for him and he was happy for me , " he said . "  I was almost crying at the medal ceremony . We had to joke around to stop the tears and start laughing instead . We used our friendship to stop from crying in front of everybody ! "  It was the best moment of my career because it was n't just about tennis . It was about sport , it was about Switzerland , it 's a dream for everyone and to share it with someone added to the enjoyment . " Federer will go into London 2012 seeking the one major title that eludes him -- Olympic gold in the singles . He begins his campaign against Colombia 's Alejandro Falla , the man who took him to five sets at Wimbledon in 2010 . Federer reached the semifinals as a teenager at Sydney 2000 but lost in the playoff for the bronze , then crashed out in the second round in Athens and the last eight in Beijing . "  The day before the  doubles  quarterfinals Roger lost to James Blake in the singles and I had to prove to him that he could trust me , " Wawrinka said . "  Once we started playing well I could tell he got over the loss and said to himself , ` Okay , let 's do something in the doubles now . ' That was the moment , and now we have a gold medal -- together , for life . "	Stanislas Wawrinka will carry Switzerland 's Olympic flag for London 2012 Fellow gold medalist Roger Federer declined role for opening ceremony They won gold together as a doubles pairing at Beijing Games in 2008 Wawrinka has spent most of his tennis career in shadow of his friend Federer
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- A sealed envelope awaits in Rissi Palmer 's Bible . Country singer Rissi Palmer performs for students in an after-school program at Atlanta 's Parkside Elementary . It 's her Grammy acceptance speech , the one she wrote as a 12-year-old . She vowed not to open it until she could read it from the stage accepting her award . Sixteen years later , the time may be nearer when Palmer can open the envelope . The road has been a long one , starting with her standing on a milk crate as a child so she could sing solos in the church choir . But these days , she is an up-and-comer in country music -- and a rare African-American performer in the genre . Palmer acknowledged this week to students in Atlanta that some people had told her she could n't sing country because she was African-American . But she said , "  When you tell me I ca n't do something , it just makes me want to do it more . " Palmer told CNN that no one in the music industry had discouraged her based on race but that people who loved her were concerned country stardom might be a tough goal . She said she does n't believe her story is different from any other musician 's : "  The music industry is just hard . " Palmer told students at Parkside Elementary School that she grew up listening to all kinds of music , including country . "  My mother was a big country music fan , " she recalled . The family also listened to R&B and classic soul , such as Sam Cooke , she said . "  I loved the way the country artists wrote songs , " Palmer told about 50 students , most of them minorities , in an after-school program at Parkside . She liked the way that country songs told stories : "  I always liked telling stories . " "  Country Girl , " the first single off Palmer 's self-titled 2007 debut album , made her the first African-American female in 20 years to hit Billboard 's country chart , according to Country Music Television . Country music is home to a smattering of well-known African-American artists . Charley Pride is by far the most visible , but other artists have dabbled in country as well -- the Supremes , for instance , and Ray Charles . More recently , Darius Rucker , longtime lead singer for Hootie and the Blowfish , hit the top of the country charts as well . African-Americans always have been in the country music industry , said John Rumble , senior historian for the Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum in Nashville , Tennessee . However , it 's rare for an artist -- of any race -- to reach the level of stardom attained by Pride , who had 67 records on the country chart between 1966 and 1990 , more than 20 of them in the Top 10 . "  Some people at the time , and since , called him the Jackie Robinson of country music , but nobody who followed him has yet reached that level , " Rumble said . " ... He 's almost an impossible standard to match . " However , given Rucker 's recent success , he is showing "  superstar potential " in the country industry , Rumble added . Palmer lost her mother at an early age but has said her parent 's love for country music stayed with her . Still , she said she doubted she could break into the genre . "  When you 're a child , you react to something that 's familiar and looks like you , " she told CMT in 2007 . "  And there was nobody -LSB- in country music -RSB- who looked like me . Just being a kid , you do n't see black country singers . So you do n't think that 's a possibility for you . You see black pop singers . You see black R&B singers . You see black rockers . So you say , ` If I 'm black and I want to sing , then I probably have to sing R&B . ' " Rumble echoed Palmer 's comments about the music industry being tough on new artists . More than ever , "  it takes a lot of money to put an artist out there on promotional tours , " creating videos and the like , he said . Rumble said many African-American artists probably gravitate to other genres . And , for artists of any race , "  once you 're in the door ... it 's still a matter of catching on . " "  There are a certain number of people who are just not used to seeing a black person on CMT or GAC -LSB- Great American Country -RSB- , " he said . "  It just does n't compute , for whatever reason . " Palmer 's family moved to St. Louis , Missouri , when she was 13 , according to her Web site . She took part in talent pageants there and joined an entertainment troupe . "  That is where a lot of my country influences started to come out , " she said in the online biography . "  At the audition we were instructed to pick an artist that we admired and perform some of their songs . I chose LeAnn Rimes and Shania Twain . I was not the one they expected to walk out and sing ` Any Man of Mine ' at those state fair shows , but they always liked it . " She participated on the CBS show "  Star Search , " reaching the finals , and credits judge Naomi Judd 's manager with introducing her to the creators of "  Waiting in the Wings , " a CMT documentary about African-Americans in country music , according to her Web site . She was also featured on CMT 's "  Most Wanted Live . " Her music reached Terry Johnson , president and CEO of 1720 Entertainment , who offered her a record deal . "  You guys are at an age where all the possibilities are open to you , " she told the Atlanta students this week . "  Anything you want to do , you can do it . " However , she cautioned them that being a singer is not always fun , even though she loves it . "  The best advice I can give you is that this is a job that I do , " she said . " ... You have to take it very seriously . " She fielded questions with a sense of humor , telling them some of her favorite songs  one is Bonnie Raitt 's "  Nick of Time "  and her favorite instrument -- a guitar  "  Have you ever tried to push a piano around with you ? " she asked  . She told the children that once they start dating , they will find plenty of material -- good and bad -- to write songs about . She said afterward she enjoyed talking with children and likely would have been a teacher if she had not pursued a music career . Palmer appeared as part of the Arts in Schools program at the Atlanta-based Threshing Floor Academy of Arts and Sciences Inc. . The organization was founded in 2008 by Meisha Card , a former special education teacher . For her part , Palmer has said she hopes that one day , the discussion centers on her music rather than her ethnicity . "  I 'm looking forward to the day when the only thing that 's being discussed is the album -- the actual music -- as opposed to my race , " she told CMT . "  I understand it is something rare , and it is something different , and it is something that 's not happening every day . I get that . But if my career 's as successful as I hope it will be , we 're going to reach a lot more firsts . "	Singer Rissi Palmer has had a Grammy acceptance speech ready since she was 12 Song off debut album made her the first black female to hit country charts in 20 years Palmer says her mother always loved country music and she likes telling stories Performer tells Atlanta students : "  Anything you want to do , you can do it "
Hartford , Connecticut  CNN  -- If the World Cup were contested among continents instead of countries , the tournament would have had only two winners in its 80-year history : South America and Europe . And now that the Netherlands beat Uruguay , the only South American team left standing in the final four , Europe has emerged victorious . This year , all the signs in the host country said "  SOUTH AFRICA 2010 . " But for most of June , some graffiti artist painted an ME over the F on each of those banners , for what we were witnessing at the beginning was , in essence , SOUTH AMERICA 2010 . South America dominated from the opening kickoff concert , headlined by Shakira , the pop star from Colombia . Even before that , staring vacantly from the covers of countless previews , was the World 's Best Player , Lionel Messi of Argentina . And even before that , five-time champion Brazil was expected to do what the Brazilians always do . Like Lance Armstrong , they wear yellow shirts and crush Europeans . For three weeks , Argentina 's manager-mascot , Diego Maradona -- rosary wrapped around his fist , like brass knuckles -- strode the touchline like a sub-compact colossus . Refulgent in his shiny suit and diamond earrings , his black-and-white beard ablaze , Maradona carried off soccer balls and very nearly the entire show before his team came up against Germany in the quarterfinals . Steve McManaman , the former Liverpool and Real Madrid midfielder turned ESPN analyst , spoke for many viewers when he said before that match : "  I want to see the little lunatic , Maradona , running up and down the touchline , so I 've got him to beat the German team on his own . " As recently as those quarterfinals , there was the real possibility that all four teams in the semis would be from South America , winners of nine World Cups . Europe , winners of the other nine , might be shut out of this rubber match . Past champions France , Italy and England had crashed out early to varying degrees of domestic condemnation : Calamité  the French  , cataclisma  the Italians  , catastrophe  the English  . But a funny thing happened on the way to the semis : Netherlands came from behind in the second half to beat Brazil . Then the rest of Europe did the same , coming from behind in the second half of the World Cup to assert its dominance over South America , most emphatically when Argentina lost 4-0 to the free-scoring Germans , who suddenly seem to be the new Brazil , soccer 's latest thing , its -- how 's this for etymological irony ? -- bossa nova . And Spain beat Paraguay . As a result , the only South American team in the final four was two-time champion Uruguay . And even then , the most effective Uruguayan at the tournament was a referee . England 's Frank Lampard scored an obvious goal against Germany , but play was waved on by Uruguayan ref Jorge Larrionda . In missing the goal , Larrionda almost certainly ushered in a long-overdue era of instant replay or other goal-line technology to assist officials . As for the Uruguay team , it needed a miracle to beat Ghana in one of the most improbable finishes to a sporting event we will see in this century . Asamoah Gyan 's penalty kick on the final play of the game rocketed off the crossbar to spare South America one spot in the semifinals among three elite European teams : Germany , Spain and the Netherlands . But Tuesday , time was up for Uruguay . It lost to the Dutch 3-2 , helping the Netherlands make its first World Cup title match since 1978 . No matter . South America has already secured a World Cup trophy in 2010 . The other day at the airport in Bogota , Colombia officials seized a gold-painted replica of the famous Jules Rimet trophy . It was made entirely of cocaine . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Steve Rushin .	Steve Rushin : Cup winners for 80 years have come from South America or Europe This year South America seemed strong , he says ; Brazil and Argentina powerhouses But Dutch beat Brazil ; Germany beat Argentina ; Spain in final 4 Tuesday , Dutch beat Uruguay , the only South American team left standing
CNN  About to have a baby ? Congratulations ! Now , please keep your feet on the ground . A passenger on a US Airways flight from Philadelphia to Charlotte , North Carolina , had to make a stop in Greensboro when she went into labor on Tuesday , according to CNN affiliate WXII . Thankfully , the baby , named Nylah , waited until her mother had landed to arrive on airport property . Mother and child were later transported to Women 's Hospital in Greensboro , where the hospital said both were doing well . The flight took off for Charlotte after the woman left the aircraft . There have been a couple of airline-related births recently . A child was born on Southwest Airlines Flight 623 shortly after takeoff on December 9 . The aircraft departed from San Francisco bound for Phoenix but diverted to Los Angeles International Airport . A nurse and doctor on board assisted with the delivery . On December 31 , Delta Air Lines Flight 2566 from San Francisco to Minneapolis was diverted to Salt Lake City when a passenger went into labor during the flight . The woman was taken by the local fire department to the University of Utah Hospital , where she gave birth to a boy . US Airways requires passengers with a due date within seven days of flight to provide a doctor 's certificate , dated within 72 hours of departure , "  stating that he or she has examined you and determined that you are fit to fly . " If the mother on Tuesday 's flight had been flying American Airlines , which owns US Airways , she might not have been able to travel . American has n't created a single policy for both brands , and its policy is more restrictive . A medical certificate is required for travelers wishing to fly within four weeks of their delivery dates "  in a normal , uncomplicated pregnancy , " according to the airline 's website . She could n't travel on domestic American flights of less than five hours within seven days before and after a the delivery date without a medical certificate and permission from the airline . Delta Air Lines does n't restrict pregnant women from flying , but the airline does n't waive ticket change fees and penalties for pregnancy . It recommends that pregnant travelers check with their doctors after the eighth month of pregnancy . Southwest Airlines recommends that female travelers consult with their doctors before traveling at any stage of pregnancy and warns specifically against air travel beginning at the 38th week of pregnancy . Southwest goes into even more detail . "  While air travel does not usually cause problems during pregnancy unless delivery is expected within 14 days or less , in some cases , traveling by air has been known to cause complications or premature labor . "  Depending on their physical condition , strength , and agility , pregnant women may , in some cases , be asked not to sit in the emergency exit row . "	A US Airways flight diverts to Greensboro for a passenger in labor The flight was originally from Philadelphia to Charlotte , North Carolina Mother and daughter are doing well in a Greensboro hospital
After days of relentlessly questioning Merrill about his role in the Korean War , the North Korean "  investigator " suddenly switched subjects . "  They started in on why I came , " Newman recalled . "  I said it was because I wanted to find out what was really going on in North Korea . Then they began to focus on my asking our guides to help me locate old soldiers or their relations or descendants if we got to Kuwol Mountain . "  They tried to make it into the main reason for my visit . I tried to get across that the business of me contacting people was just an aside . It was just incidental . It was n't the main thing . " The investigator erupted . "  You 're lying ! You 're guilty of espionage . You 've got to be honest with us . " "  I apologized for trying to reconnect . I continued to maintain that the purpose was just to get a better understanding of North Korea . But that was the ` crime ' in their eyes -- illegally using the tour as a cover . " Wartime contacts The North Koreans were particularly interested in an email that Newman had sent before his trip to his elderly wartime contacts in Seoul . The "  investigator " asked about the "  Kuwol comrades . " Did they have an office ? How big was it ? How much time had Merrill spent with them ? "  I was not completely forthcoming , " Newman said . He sought to downplay the group and his connection to it , describing the Seoul office as small and nondescript , and lying about how much time he 'd spent with the former guerrillas . He was worried that his interrogators would realize that he was n't telling the whole truth , but they never did . The "  investigator " also accused Merrill of "  criticizing " the DPRK , referring specifically to his conversation with fellow tourist Bob Hamdrla in which he noted the resources North Korea 's government wasted on monuments in such an impoverished country . Clearly , their guide Hyon-yi , who always seemed to be listening in to their conversations from her seat in the back of their minivan , had reported that comment to security officials . ` Major crimes ' In mid-November , Merrill was told again that he committed "  major crimes " and that he was to prepare for a meeting with a "  senior official " where he would make a formal "  confession . " "  They said : ` This is the guy who will decide whether you stay or go home . ' " In the days before the meeting , the investigator and the interpreter made Merrill write out what he would say . "  The statement used words they dictated , " Merrill said . "  I did not try to tidy the language . I wanted it clearly understood -LSB- by those outside North Korea -RSB- that these were not my words , though in my handwriting . " The meeting took place on November 9 , 2013 , in a large room on the ground floor of the Yanggakdo Hotel , where Newman was being held . Merrill was wearing a short-sleeved shirt , but the interpreter told him that was not formal enough , so he changed to a long-sleeved one . Merrill was instructed to be very respectful , to stand up when the official entered the room , and then to read the statement . The official appeared to be in his 50s , wearing a well-tailored uniform , with a serious , formal demeanor . With video cameras rolling and his hands shaking , Merrill began . Confession ? "  During the Korean War , I have been guilty of a long list of indelible crimes ... as I killed so many civilians and KPA -LSB- Korean People 's Army -RSB- soldiers and destroyed strategic objects in the DPRK during the Korean War , I committed indelible offensive acts against the DPRK government and Korean people . "  Although 60 years have gone by , I came to DPRK on the excuse of the tour ... Shamelessly , I had a plan to meet any surviving soldiers ... I also brought the e-book criticizing the Socialist DPRK and criticizing DPRK . "  I realize that I can not be forgiven for any offensives but I beg for pardon on my knees ... Please forgive me . " At the end of the statement , Newman bowed to the camera . He then signed it , and stamped the paper with his thumbprint . "  You make a confession because you do n't have any choice , " he said . "  They have the key . And there is n't any duplicate . " But having now done so , he thought the North Koreans would move to release him . "  I had a calendar on the wall , and I counted those days , and I got closer and closer , I was figuring there is no way I am still going to be here for Thanksgiving . " But nothing happened . Merrill remained confined in his hotel room . In moments of depression , Merrill began to wonder if he would ever be released .	Former CNN correspondent looks at the case of Merrill Newman , arrested in North Korea in 2013 Newman , who advised South Korean troops in the Korean war , was detained for months in the reclusive state Accused of espionage , the octogenarian had no way of knowing when -- or even if -- he would be released Chinoy retells Merrill 's striking story in an essay , "  The Last POW , " with an excerpt published exclusively on CNN
CNN  -- Things are n't looking good for people with allergies in Tennessee . Not only is the pollen apocalypse on its way , three of the state 's major cities made the Asthma and Allergy Foundation 's annual list of the 10 worst places for spring allergy sufferers . These so-called allergy capitals are ranked based on pollen levels , use of allergy medications and the number of board-certified allergists in the areas , according to a foundation statement . Everyone in the United States can expect their allergies to be worse this year , thanks to an unusually wet winter , the foundation says . "  Severe weather patterns can bring higher temperatures , higher pollen levels and increased exposure to mold , resulting in spring allergies that can peak stronger and last longer , " Dr. Bill Berger , a California allergist , said in the statement . Here are the top 10 worst allergy cities for 2013 : 1 . Jackson , Mississippi 2 . Knoxville , Tennessee 3 . Chattanooga , Tennessee 4 . McAllen , Texas 5 . Louisville , Kentucky 6 . Wichita , Kansas 7 . Dayton , Ohio 8 . Memphis , Tennessee 9 . Oklahoma City , Oklahoma 10 . Baton Rouge , Louisiana Residents in Springfield , Massachusetts ; Buffalo , New York ; and Grand Rapids , Michigan , may face more severe cases than they have in years past . These cities all jumped at least 10 spots up on the list from the spring of 2012 . The Asthma and Allergy Foundation also releases a list every year of the worst cities for fall allergy sufferers . The spring allergy capitals are based on tree pollen counts , while the fall cities are ranked on ragweed pollen counts from September through November of the previous years . Many of the cities on the fall list are on the spring list , but there are a few differences . 1 . Louisville , Kentucky 2 . Wichita , Kansas 3 . Knoxville , Tennessee 4 . Jackson , Mississippi 5 . McAllen , Texas 6 . Dayton , Ohio 7 . Oklahoma City , Oklahoma 8 . Memphis , Tennessee 9 . Madison , Wisconsin 10 . Baton Rouge , Louisiana	Jackson , Mississippi , tops the list of the worst cities for allergy sufferers Tennessee has three major cities in the list 's top 10 Extreme weather conditions may make allergies worse this season
CNN  -- Inter Milan moved closer to a Champions League place after crushing Parma 5-0 on Saturday following fourth-placed Lazio 's shock 4-0 defeat by Siena . Claudio Ranieri 's team closed to within a point of the Rome side after 17 games as Italy 's Serie A program resumed following a winter break . The win left Inter five points behind defending champions AC Milan and second-placed Juventus , who travel to mid-table Atalanta and bottom side Lecce respectively on Sunday . Inter have been linked with a move for Carlos Tevez , who is widely expected to join local rivals Milan , but it was the Manchester City striker 's fellow Argentine Diego Milito who hit the headlines with a first-half double at the San Siro . Who will be January 's top transfer targets ? Milito has failed to maintain the heights that saw him score both goals in the final of Europe 's premier club competition in 2010 , but the 32-year-old highlighted his value with a 13th-minute opener from compatriot Ricardo Alvarez 's cross . Midfielder Thiago Motta made it 2-0 with a low shot from distance five minutes later , and Milito headed his seventh goal in all competitions this season from Maicon 's cross just before halftime . Milito set up strike partner Giampaolo Pazzini in the 56th minute , and the South American 's 76th-minute replacement Marcoo Faraoni sealed Inter 's biggest win this season with his first touch of the ball , as the 20-year-old fired in a volley off the crossbar for his first goal in Serie A . It is the first time Inter have won five league matches in a row since Jose Mourinho departed in May 2010 , and continues the club 's resurgent form after a poor start to this season . The defeat left Parma in 13th , and followed 4-1 defeats by Juve and Milan earlier this season . Title hopefuls Lazio could have moved up to third place above Udinese , but went 3-0 down by halftime against Siena after goalkeeper Albano Bizzarri was sent off . Young striker Mattia Destro gave the Tuscany side the lead after only 11 minutes , and Emanuele Calaio doubled the lead on 35 with his first penalty after Franco Brienza went down in the box . Destro put the ball in the net just before the break , but the referee had already awarded a penalty after Bizzarri made contact with the 20-year-old -- and substitute keeper Juan Pablo Carrizo 's first job was to retrieve Calaio 's spot-kick from the back of the net . Destro , on loan from Genoa , sealed victory with nine minutes to play , heading in Cristiano Del Grosso 's cross for his fifth Serie A goal this season as Siena moved up to 14th -- six points above the bottom three .	Diego Milito scores twice as Inter Milan beat Parma 5-0 at the San Siro on Saturday Win puts Inter within a point of fourth-placed Lazio , who crashed 4-0 at Siena Inter won for the fifth successive match in Serie A to keep European hopes alive Title hopefuls Lazio face the prospect of dropping eight points off the lead
Were the missiles that shot down two Ukrainian military planes on Wednesday fired from the Russian side of the border ? That 's a possibility that U.S. intelligence analysts are investigating , U.S. officials told CNN on Wednesday . Pro-Russian rebels quickly claimed credit for downing the military planes . And Ukrainian officials claimed the missiles that hit them might have been fired from inside Russia . One thing is clear : Tensions in volatile eastern Ukraine seem to be ratcheting up , less than a week after a missile brought down Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 there . Some of the 12,000-15 ,000 Russian troops near the eastern Ukraine border have broken up into smaller groups and moved within five miles or less of the border , and some are even positioned right at the border , according to two U.S. officials . The movement gives the Russian troops the ability to fire surface-to-air missiles , rockets and artillery from inside Russia at Ukrainian positions without having to acknowledge their own presence , the U.S. officials said . At the same time , the Russians are continuing to reinforce and ship additional weapons into Ukraine "  while the world 's attention is on MH17 , " one U.S. official told CNN . There is also intelligence indicating some rebels have left Ukraine and gone across the border into hiding inside Russia . But the officials said it 's not known if any of those people were associated with the shoot-down of MH17 . "  What we know is that , incredibly , even after the shootdown of the Malaysia Airlines flight , Russia has persisted in a pattern of destabilization against Ukraine . It 's continued to send fighters and heavy weapons , tanks and missile launchers across the Ukrainian border , " said Geoffrey Pyatt , the U.S. ambassador to Ukraine . If it 's confirmed that the missiles that brought down the Ukrainian military planes came from the Russian side of the border , Pyatt told CNN , it would be an "  outrageous , continued escalation of the crisis by Russia even after the SA-11  Russian-made missile system  brought down an airplane , leading to the death of nearly 300 innocent people . " In response to reports that Russia continues to arm rebels in Ukraine , the White House is now looking at expanding sanctions on Moscow . Just last week , President Obama announced the U.S. would impose new sanctions on specific targets in Russia 's critical energy , banking , and defense industries . But Deputy National Security Adviser Ben Rhodes told reporters gathered at the White House that the United States might go even further . "  We 're continuing to develop our own set of options . The fact is that Russia continues to arm separatists . And so we think there needs to be continuing ratcheting up , " Rhodes told reporters . Putin under pressure It 's unclear whether Wednesday 's shootdown was the work of pro-Russian rebels inside Ukraine , or Russian forces themselves -- and whether Russian President Vladimir Putin knew about or approved the operation . For months , Putin has accused NATO of building its forces in the region to threaten Russia . "  The scale of the training and preparedness is also increasing , " Putin said recently . "  It is important to prepare our defenses on schedule . " As calls mount from the United States and other Western countries for more stringent sanctions against Russia , Putin took a more conciliatory tone in his most recent public statement . "  There are calls for us to influence the militants , " he said earlier this week . "  We will do everything in our power . " Jill Dougherty , a Russia expert and CNN 's former Moscow bureau chief , said Putin is facing enormous pressure both from the international community and domestically . Business elites are pushing to avoid more sanctions , and Russian nationalists want the country to be tougher on Ukraine . "  You can almost see it , his balancing , he does this when he talks , " Dougherty said . "  He is a judo expert . And he is prepared , he 's ready to parry , thrust and protect Russia from what he expects are going to be the threats . " Ukraine : Pilots ejected after planes were hit An air defense system shot down the Ukrainian jets Wednesday after the pilots completed a task in Dmytrivka , a village in Ukraine 's Donetsk region near the border with Russia , the Ukrainian military 's press office said . The jets ' pilots ejected from the planes after they were hit , the military said . Information on their condition was n't immediately available . Sergei Kavtaradze , an aide to rebel leader Alexander Borodai , the Prime Minister of the self-declared Donetsk People 's Republic , told CNN that the two jets had been shot down by rebel fighters using a shoulder-fired missile system . But Col. Andriy Lysenko , a spokesman for the Ukrainian National Security and Defense Council , said preliminary information suggested the missiles might have been launched from inside Russia . The planes were flying at an altitude of 5,200 meters  17,000 feet  when they were hit , he said . News of the jets ' downing Wednesday comes six days after the deadly crash of the civilian passenger plane Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 in eastern Ukraine . Ukrainian officials have previously accused pro-Russian rebels of shooting down several military aircraft . In the week leading up to the July 17 crash of MH17 , Ukrainian officials said an Antonov An-26 transport plane and a Sukhoi Su-25 fighter jet had been brought down . The Ukrainian military said the missile that struck the Su-25 had been fired from Russian territory . The latest reported shootdown highlights the ongoing conflict in eastern Ukraine 's Donetsk and Luhansk regions between the rebels and Ukrainian security forces . A CNN team on the ground in Donetsk was turned away by rebel fighters at the entrance to the town of Snizhne , near Dmytrivka . The militants said they had orders not to allow people to travel farther because of fighting . A jet could be heard passing periodically very high overhead , while on the ground , ambulances rushed past , as did a convoy of rebel fighters in civilian vans and cars . Claim and counterclaim The first caskets carrying remains of the crash victims arrived in the Netherlands on Wednesday , where they were met by family members , Dutch King Willem-Alexander and Queen Maxima and other dignitaries . About two-thirds of the 298 victims were Dutch . As the solemn tribute continued , accusations did not stop . Meanwhile , the finger-pointing continues over who was responsible for bringing down Flight MH17 , a Boeing 777 . U.S. officials say pro-Russian rebels were responsible for shooting down that plane , but they say they now believe it 's likely the rebels did n't know it was a commercial airliner , U.S. intelligence officials said Tuesday . However , Vitaly Nayda , Ukraine 's director of informational security , told CNN 's Kyung Lah that the person who shot down the flight was "  absolutely " a Russian . "  A Russian-trained , well-equipped , well-educated officer ... pushed that button deliberately , " he said . Moscow has denied claims that it pulled the trigger . And Russian Army Lt. Gen. Andrei Kartapolov suggested a Ukrainian jet fighter may have shot the plane down . Ukraine 's government rejects that claim .	Observers say Putin is under pressure at home and abroad U.S. officials : Russian troops moving closer to Ukrainian border Ukrainian security council spokesman says missiles may have been fired from Russia The shootdown comes six days after Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 was brought down
CNN  -- Pope Benedict XVI on Monday said he plans on resigning the papal office on February 28 . The following is the full text of Benedict 's declaration : Dear Brothers , I have convoked you to this Consistory , not only for the three canonizations , but also to communicate to you a decision of great importance for the life of the Church . After having repeatedly examined my conscience before God , I have come to the certainty that my strengths , due to an advanced age , are no longer suited to an adequate exercise of the Petrine ministry . I am well aware that this ministry , due to its essential spiritual nature , must be carried out not only with words and deeds , but no less with prayer and suffering . Papal resignation : What happens next ? However , in today 's world , subject to so many rapid changes and shaken by questions of deep relevance for the life of faith , in order to govern the bark of Saint Peter and proclaim the Gospel , both strength of mind and body are necessary , strength which in the last few months , has deteriorated in me to the extent that I have had to recognize my incapacity to adequately fulfill the ministry entrusted to me . For this reason , and well aware of the seriousness of this act , with full freedom I declare that I renounce the ministry of Bishop of Rome , Successor of Saint Peter , entrusted to me by the Cardinals on 19 April 2005 , in such a way , that as from 28 February 2013 , at 20:00 hours , the See of Rome , the See of Saint Peter , will be vacant and a Conclave to elect the new Supreme Pontiff will have to be convoked by those whose competence it is . Sorrow and surprise as Pope steps down Dear Brothers , I thank you most sincerely for all the love and work with which you have supported me in my ministry and I ask pardon for all my defects . And now , let us entrust the Holy Church to the care of Our Supreme Pastor , Our Lord Jesus Christ , and implore his holy Mother Mary , so that she may assist the Cardinal Fathers with her maternal solicitude , in electing a new Supreme Pontiff . With regard to myself , I wish to also devotedly serve the Holy Church of God in the future through a life dedicated to prayer . From the Vatican , 10 February 2013 BENEDICTUS PP XVI	Pope Benedict XVI said he plans on resigning the papal office on February 28 He said he is no longer suited to an adequate exercise of the Petrine ministry ' I have had to recognize my incapacity to adequately fulfill the ministry entrusted to me '
London  CNN  -- One Direction , Ed Sheeran and a host of other stars are raising money to fight Ebola with a 30th anniversary version of the Band Aid charity single first recorded in aid of famine relief in Ethiopia . Bob Geldof , one of the original Band Aid organizers , presented the song , "  Do They Know It 's Christmas ? " for the first time on a TV talent show on Sunday . Geldof urged people to download the song after its release on Monday . "  We go to war . We 're going to stop this thing . Buy this song , " Geldof said . "  This is n't about me , it 's not about you , it 's not about them , it 's about us , " he said . "  The reason they did this is that this thing could arrive here on a plane at any time . " At a news conference last week , Geldof reflected on the cruelty of Ebola , which is killed more than 5,000 around the world , and is spread by contact with the bodily fluids of a person infected with the virus . "  Mothers ca n't cradle their children ; lovers ca n't comfort each other ; wives ca n't hold their husbands ' hands while they die . That 's not right . It can be stopped , " Geldof said . He also praised the "  immensity of bravery " of those caring for Ebola patients in West Africa , where the worst affected nations are Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone , including British healthcare workers and military . Geldof : Intervene immediately on Ebola The lineup for the 30th anniversary single combines some of those involved in the original recording in 1984 as well as fresh talent . Besides pop superstars One Direction , the artists signed up to take part include U2 frontman Bono , Coldplay 's Chris Martin and Ellie Goulding . The new version of the track was recorded this weekend at the same London studios where the original was created . Some of the lyrics are updated to reflect the different circumstances of this crisis , 30 years on . The lyric "  where a kiss of love can kill you , and there 's death in every tear " replaces the former line "  where the only water flowing is the bitter sting of tears . " The much-criticized line , "  there wo n't be snow in Africa " line , is changed to "  no peace and joy this Christmas in West Africa -- the only hope they 'll have is being alive . " And the lyric that even Bono admitted he "  really , really loathed " is replaced by new words . "  Well tonight thank God it 's them instead of you " becomes instead "  well tonight we 're reaching out and touching you . "	Bob Geldof launches new version of charity single "  Do They Know It 's Christmas ? " Those taking part include One Direction , Bono , Coldplay 's Chris Martin and Ed Sheeran This time , funds raised by the sale of the single will help to fight Ebola The original single was recorded to raise money for famine relief in Ethiopia
CNN  -- The Tea Party has rekindled excitement in the potential of the internet to nurture mass political movements by using the Web to raise money and mobilize manpower . Activists have used many aspects of cyberspace : Facebook pages , Twitter feeds , iPod apps and more to rally their supporters . According to Investors.com , "  Democrats and their allies dominated cyberspace for years . Now the political right , with the Tea Party explosion , at the very least is matching the left . " The stories about the Tea Party movement resemble the narrative about Barack Obama 's campaign . In 2008 , Democrats used cyberspace to the same effect . Relying on what I called "  Facebook politics , " the Democrats took Republicans by surprise by demonstrating how powerful a vehicle the internet could be in promoting a candidacy , bringing like-minded citizens together and offering an organizational infrastructure for movement politics . Yet will this form of organizing work over the long term ? Can it sustain a movement after the drama of an election is over ? The verdict is still out . Since 2008 , President Obama and Democrats have discovered that the kind of movement created by the internet can be extraordinarily fragile and fleeting . When Obama recently spoke to students at the University of Wisconsin , he implored them not to be apathetic and urged them to return to the world of campaigns . In doing so , he was acknowledging that the movement created by the campaign had disintegrated since the inauguration . The movement has been largely absent from the policy battles that have shaped his administration , and it lags in the months leading into 2010 . Obama 's team may still have all the cell numbers that they collected before announcing their vice presidential pick , but few people are answering or texting . What makes Facebook politics vulnerable is that it lacks the local element that has always been so crucial to politics . The most durable forms of political organization have usually depended on local organizing . During the 19th century , political parties were dependent on a dense bottom-up structure rooted in the strength of local political machines . After Election Day , party operatives continued to remain in close contact with voters . They worked hard -- sometimes through illegal means but very often through policy and straightforward patronage -- to retain their loyalty and make sure voters were kept abreast of why their party mattered . The social movements of 20th-century America depended on local organization as well . Malcolm Gladwell recently recounted in The New Yorker that the civil rights movement of the 1960s depended on local activists such as the four African-American students who sat in an all-white Woolworth 's lunch counter in Greensboro , North Carolina , and demanded service . Their personal ties and friendship , as well as their shared experiences , inspired them to work together and risk their lives for this bigger cause . The movement spread as students throughout the state and in other regions joined the cause . Over the next few years , activists from the North would travel into Southern states and join the civil rights cause . It was the experience of directly participating in the struggles and witnessing the kind of racism that existed that forged their connection to the movement . Conservatism in the 1970s was forged through similar dynamics . Ronald Reagan did not make modern conservatism . Rather , thousands of local activists around the country who interacted through church groups , civic organizations and even reading clubs gave rise to the modern right . It was their face-to-face encounters in places such as Orange County , California , and the shared memory of influencing political leaders and public policy that made these Americans so loyal and willing to continue participating in these struggles over time . Facebook politics seems different . The cost of participating is much less . National conversations are as powerful , if not more powerful , than local networks . The experience of being in such a movement is often virtual , requiring nothing but a few clicks on a keyboard . Some of the potential weaknesses of Facebook politics can be seen with the new darling of the Tea Party movement , Delaware Senate candidate Christine O'Donnell . Although O'Donnell has been omnipresent in the national media , she has been notably absent where it matters most , Delaware . Matt Bai recently wrote in The New York Times that O'Donnell reflects the modern political strategy in that her campaign barely exists at the state level . Conservatives from all over the country helped boost her image and reputation online and through television and radio , but she has barely had any public events in the state . Republican leaders in Wilmington did n't know where she was campaigning . Despite her surprise win , she is way behind the Democrat in the polls . Without question , Facebook politics has reshaped the political landscape . Local candidates can rake in millions of dollars within days , and they can spread their name without anyone going door-to-door or holding fundraisers in the local Holiday Inn . But Obama has already learned that this kind of organization can leave successful candidates without their base of support once the excitement of Election Day is over . It is far too easy for the most fervent supporter of a candidate or cause to simply defriend the movement and move on to something else . Rather than strong , shared memories of participating in something bigger than themselves , the experience might just leave behind the address of a Web page in the auto-fill mechanism of their browser or an occasional text alert to remind them of their political past . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Julian Zelizer : Tea Party adept at "  Facebook politics , " rallying supporters via cyberspace Obama , Democrats had same success , but since election , Web support is down , he writes He says Twitter , Facebook ca n't sustain a movement when election drama is over Facebook politics lacks local element and commitment crucial to politics , Zelizer says
CNN  -- With a rev of his Harley-Davidson 's engine and a smile , Dierks Bentley plays leader of the pack once a year on his annual fund-raiser , Miles and Music for Kids . On a Sunday afternoon each fall for the last eight years , Bentley has been at the head of the line as motorcycle enthusiasts follow him on an hour-long ride from the Harley dealership in Columbia , Tennessee , to downtown Nashville 's Riverfront Park . The day ends with a star-studded concert , with some of the biggest names in country music joining Bentley on his mission . Over the last eight years Bentley , his famous friends and their fans have raised over $ 2 million for the Monroe Carell Jr. . Children 's Hospital at Vanderbilt . "  The idea for this started , I guess , not long after I went out on the road . We were just trying to figure out a way to give back to the Nashville community , do something here .  We  get so many offers to do different types of events to give back , we kind of wanted to make our own so we could really focus on one particular thing , " Bentley said . "  We wanted to do something here in Nashville , so we chose the Vanderbilt children 's hospital and Children 's Miracle Network and kind of focused our efforts towards that . It 's been great . From the very beginning we 've made money , and I 've been able to bring a big check over to the hospital every year . I felt really good about that . " Bentley also credits the advice of a music icon in helping him focus his charitable efforts . "  I sat next to Bono one time and heard about all his exploits and all the stuff he does with his organization ONE , " he said . Bentley said he was overwhelmed at how much Bono 's anti-poverty group was accomplishing , "  but something he said , and I tell other people too , is to just concentrate on what 's right in front of you . It could be a smallest thing in the world , just taking , helping out one person . You 're making a difference in changing somebody 's life , so just taking something you can tackle and get behind . " While his primary focus was to give back in his own backyard , Bentley took his show on the road and held rides in several other cities including Chicago , Atlanta , Seattle , and Phoenix to benefit the children 's hospitals in those towns . "  I really like the idea of that because so many towns and cities across this country have given me so much , have given me a life , it 's nice to be able to go in and give back , " Bentley said . Bentley brought the event back to Nashville a few years ago and said it 's been pretty easy to get his famous pals to contribute their time on a Sunday afternoon they 'd typically have off . Big stars like Luke Bryan , Jake Owen and Brett Eldredge bring the fans in , and as a result the fund-raising is more and more profitable every year . If you ask him about all the star-powered help he gets , Bentley just chalks it up to people helping each other out . But that 's not entirely it , according to the event 's emcee Storme Warren , host of Great American Country 's "  Headline Country . " "  I think it 's as simple as his energy and his genuineness . There 's just something about Dierks that you want to root for , and the whole town feels that . He 's loved by everybody , both as an artist and as a person . So it 's like he gets behind a cause , you want to help him out with it . And it 's his ability to step out on the edge and say , ` All right , nobody else is doing this ? Let 's do it . Let 's get it done ! ' and we all fall in line , " Warren said . This year Bentley led 2,000 riders down the back roads of middle Tennessee , including a few famous faces . Even the fictitious mayor of Music City -- at least , he plays the mayor on ABC 's "  Nashville " -- Eric Close was along for the ride . "  I 'm here to support the ride that 's supporting Children 's Hospital , " Close said . "  One of the things I love about the city of Nashville -- it 's an incredibly charitable place . There 's constantly events going on , people are very supportive . It 's constant that people are out there trying to make a difference , and this is one of those events where they 're making a difference in the lives of kids through the children 's hospital at Vanderbilt , " said Close . Bentley , who did n't have children when he started this fund-raiser , now is the father of three and is even more aware of the importance of his cause . "  You 're always just praying to have a healthy kid , that 's the most important thing , and knock on wood , we have . But you never know when you could be in someone else 's shoes and need the assistance of the great medical staff and team , like at Vanderbilt children 's hospital . So  the ride is  something I definitely look forward to every year and definitely feel really honored to just to kind of be the face of the whole deal , " Bentley said . Miles and Music for Kids this year raised over $ 300 thousand -- a new record .	Dierks Bentley hosts an annual fund-raiser for Vanderbilt children 's hospital Miles and Music for Kids combines Bentley 's love of music and motorcycles Bentley leads a pack of thousands on a motorcycle ride ending in a star-studded concert This year was the eighth annual Miles and Music for Kids
CNN  -- The United States is doing what it must to "  take the fight to terrorists , " leading a coalition of Arab nations in a series of airstrikes against the so-called Islamic State terror group in Syria , U.S. President Barack Obama said Tuesday . At the same time , the United States took action -- on its own -- against another terrorist organization , the Khorasan Group . Obama described its members as "  seasoned al Qaeda operatives in Syria . " U.S. officials said the group was plotting attacks against the United States and other Western targets . The plots against the United States were discovered by the intelligence community in the past week , an intelligence source with knowledge of the matter told CNN . The source did not say what the target may have been , but said the plot potentially involved a bomb made of a nonmetallic device like a toothpaste container or clothes dipped in explosive material . A plot involving concealed bombs on airplanes "  was just one option they were looking at , " a U.S. official said . "  Once again , it must be clear to anyone who would plot against America and try to do Americans harm that we will not tolerate safe havens for terrorists who threaten our people , " Obama said in televised remarks from the White House . Concern over a possible backlash by the terror groups has prompted the U.S. Department of Homeland Security to issue a bulletin warning law enforcement agencies to be on heightened alert for lone-wolf terror attacks on U.S. soil in wake of the airstrikes , a U.S. law enforcement official with knowledge of the warning told CNN . The bulletin calls for vigilance as well as scrutinizing social media for anyone encouraging violence in response to the strikes , according to a U.S. law enforcement official with knowledge of the warning 's contents . It points to the use of social media as a tactic by ISIS to spread its message and call for violence . It also advises agencies to look for changes in appearance or behavior in those they 're tracking , the official said . Terror group : ` Turk ' is dead The airstrikes , meanwhile , appear to have taken a toll on another terror group , killing the leader of the al Qaeda-linked al-Nusra Front , according to a statement released by the group . It identified the leader as Abu Yousef al-Turki , also known as "  The Turk . " The al-Nusra statement posted on Twitter was accompanied by a so-called proof-of-death -- a photograph -- of the former fighter . CNN can not independently verify al-Nusra 's claims , but the monitoring group the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reported the terror group was among those targeted during the airstrikes . The United States has not identified al-Nusra as a group targeted in the strikes . The airstrikes that began early Tuesday morning local time "  were only the beginning , " Pentagon spokesman , Navy Rear Adm. John Kirby , said . He declined to comment about future military operations . Bahrain , Saudi Arabia , the United Arab Emirates and Jordan took part in airstrikes on ISIS targets , the U.S. military said . Qatar played a supporting role , the U.S. military said . Saying he "  made clear that America would act as part of a broad coalition , " Obama said : "  That 's exactly what we 've done . " "  The strength of this coalition makes it clear to the world that this is not America 's fight alone , " the President said . Obama met hours later with officials from the five Arab nations who make up the coalition . There was an a strong agreement that "  the campaign against ISIS was a long-term one and they were all in it for the long haul , " a senior State Department official with knowledge of the meeting said . "  Everyone at the table agreed there are times in the world when you need to take a stand , " the official said on condition of anonymity . But Syria warned the United States not to repeat the "  American fiasco in Iraq by undertaking the same kind of blind military attacks , " Bashar Ja'afari , Syria 's ambassador to the United Nations , told CNN . What is the Khorasan Group ? Strikes came in three waves The airstrikes came in three waves , with coalition partners participating in the latter two , Army Lt. Gen. William Mayville Jr. said Tuesday . The first wave , which mostly targeted the Khorasan Group , started at 3:30 a.m.  8:30 p.m. ET Monday  and involved U.S. ships firing missiles into eastern and northern Syria . The second wave , 30 minutes later , involved planes striking northern Syria , with targets including ISIS headquarters , training camps and combat vehicles . The third wave , begun shortly after 7 a.m. , involved planes targeting ISIS training camps and combat vehicles in eastern Syria , Mayville said . It 's too early to say what effect the U.S. strikes had against the Khorasan Group , Mayville said . Maps : Arab nations join U.S. , expand fight against terror to Syria The airstrikes against ISIS focused primarily on the city of Raqqa , the declared capital of ISIS ' self-proclaimed Islamic State . The operation began with a flurry of Tomahawk missiles launched from the sea , followed by attacks from bomber and fighter aircraft , a senior U.S. military official told CNN . The goal : Taking out ISIS ' ability to command , train and resupply its militants . In all , 200 pieces of ordnance were dropped by coalition members , and four dozen aircraft were used , a U.S. official told CNN . About 150 weapons used were precision-guided munitions . The United States fired 47 Tomahawk missiles , eight of them against Khorasan targets . The strikes marked the first time the United States used F-22 Raptor stealth aircraft in a combat role . The military has previously run into problems with the aircraft . The number of casualties was not immediately clear . But U.S. Central Command said the strikes damaged or destroyed ISIS targets including fighters , training compounds , command-and-control facilities , a finance center and supply trucks . The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said at least 70 ISIS militants were killed and more than 300 were wounded . But CNN and other news outlets were unable to confirm the figures . Celebration amid fear For months , civilians in Raqqa have been living under the harsh rule of ISIS after militants took over their city , which had been one of Syria 's most liberal cities . The group now controls much of their lives , imposing a strict brand of Sharia law and doling out barbaric punishments , such as beheadings and crucifixions . Abo Ismail , an opposition activist inside Raqqa , said Tuesday that residents were elated to see the U.S. attacking ISIS targets there . But at the same time , he said , ISIS has increased security in the city . "  I would dance in the streets , but I am too afraid , " Ismail said . A U.S. intelligence official said that while law enforcement is aware the airstrikes against ISIS in Syria could incite a response , there is no evidence to suggest any terrorist strike is in the works against the United States . The inclusion of Sunni-majority countries fighting a radical Sunni militant group sends a strong message , former CIA counterterrorism official Philip Mudd said . "  Prominent religious leaders have said ISIS is not representative of Islam , and now you have countries that are coming to the fore to attack it , " he said . Iraq 's Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi welcomed news of the coalition airstrikes against ISIS in Syria , so long as they "  do it right this time . " While he told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour it was good some Arab nations joined the fight , he said he wished they had understood and acted on the danger posed by ISIS sooner . "  We have warned ... this is going to end in a bloodbath if nobody stops it , " he said . "  Nobody was listening . " Rouhani : No legal basis for airstrikes Iran lashed out at the air campaign . Meeting with journalists at the United Nations , where world leaders are gathering for the General Assembly this week , Iranian President Hassan Rouhani said there was no legal basis for the strikes without U.N. authorization or an invitation from the Syrian government . But U.S. Deputy National Security Adviser Tony Blinken told CNN that a number of countries , including Iran , were told the United States would be taking action . "  We obviously did n't say exactly when or where . We wanted to make sure that nobody got in our way , " he said . The United States defended its actions in a letter to the U.N. secretary-seneral , invoking Article 51 of the U.N. charter -- acting when a country is unwilling or unable to handle a threat itself . "  The Syrian regime has shown that it can not and will not confront these safe havens effectively itself , " Samantha Power , the U.S. ambassador to the U.N. , wrote in a letter obtained by CNN . "  Accordingly , the United States has initiated necessary and proportionate military actions in Syria . " Problem-plagued plane hits ISIS : F-22 goes into combat CNN 's Greg Botelho , Josh Levs . Raja Razek , Jake Tapper , Hamdi Alkhshali , Holly Yan , Gul Tuysuz , Steve Almasy , Jim Acosta , Barbara Starr , Arwa Damon , Mohammed Tawfeeq , Deb Feyerick and Pamela Brown contributed to this report .	NEW : Department of Homeland Security , citing ISIS , calls for scrutiny of social media Syria warns U.S. "  not to repeat the American fiasco in Iraq " Al Qaeda-linked al-Nusra Front says its leader was killed in airstrikes The U.S. also struck a new al Qaeda franchise in Syria called Khorasan Group
CNN  -- Euro 2012 is beginning to resemble the eurozone -- a case of sport imitating economics . It may be early days at the quadrennial football tournament that fixates tens of millions of Europeans from the Urals to the Atlantic , but there are worrying signs that some teams are mimicking national roles in the evolving Euro crisis . The evidence so far : Germany have been austere and unforgiving compared to their expansive play in the last World Cup . One can almost hear Chancellor Angel Merkel in the locker room wagging her finger and demanding : "  Do n't give anything away . " Against Portugal they did n't , eking out victory with a utilitarian efficiency that echoes German leadership on the European stage . Speaking of Portugal , they may yet wake up in time to reach the next stage of the tournament , but like the other European bail-out countries they looked uncertain and have a lot of work to do to stay in the eurozone Euro 2012 . Denmark stun Dutch as Germany beat Portugal Ireland , another country that had to seek help from the European Union and IMF , were humbled by Croatia in their first game . Perhaps Europe 's center of economic gravity is , as some have speculated , shifting eastward -- if not its sense of humor . Some Irish fans held aloft a banner proclaiming : "  Angela Merkel Thinks We 're Working . " There was a bad start for another of the bail-out nations . After games against Poland and the Czech Republic , Greece had amassed just one point  if only their interest rates were the same , rather than 29 % on the 10-year bond .  They had one player red-carded  an omen for a disorderly exit from the eurozone ?  And their defensive formation was less than convincing -- vulnerable to attacks from the left - and right-wings . Cue Sunday 's election . New Greek woes at Euro 2012 Spain and Italy -- the two countries that might be most affected by the contagion of a disorderly Greek exit  from the eurozone rather than from Euro 2012  -- played out a somewhat cautious 1-1 draw in their opening match . Maybe they were thinking that one day they might need each other in asking for help from Europe and in arguing for more growth-oriented policies . A cut-away in the TV coverage of the match of an Italian and Spanish fan kissing gave it all away . Cesc Fabregas rescues point for Spain Apparently some investment analysts have also sought light relief from their day jobs in predicting the winners and losers at Euro 2012 , using all those sophisticated computer models that have served us so well in the past few years . Researchers at Dutch bank ABN Amro justified time on the project by saying "  football is the most important of all unimportant things . " Which is plainly ridiculous , as most people know it 's not just a game but a way of life . Anyway , ABN Amro compared countries ' footballing pedigree with their credit-rating , and  surprise  concluded Germany would lift the trophy on July 1 . They also said that as the euro crisis is largely one of confidence , "  we believe it would be best if one of the eurozone countries won Euro 2012 . A victory for one of the opt-out countries  Denmark , England , Sweden  would not be welcome because it would only encourage the eurosceptics . " Who will win Euro 2012 ? This is just the sort of special pleading that has got Europe into its current state . And an immediate riposte came from the Danish team , who dispatched the much-favored Dutch 1-0 in their opening game . The Danes have got quite good at this . They won the European championships in 1992 , a month after voting against the Maastricht Treaty on European integration . After Denmark beat Germany in a memorable final , Foreign Minister Uffe Elleman-Jensen , surely one of the most affable European politicians ever , quipped ` If you ca n't join them , beat them . " The Danish approach this year was layers of disciplined defense . The English formation against France was similar -- a sort of bulldog defiance characteristic of a nation that 's never been quite sure of its European destiny . Stoic England hold French as Sweden lose At Italian bank UniCredit , the experts took a rigorously financial approach to football  though they might be better employed investigating the fragility of some Italian banks .  They calculated the worth of each team based on the transfer market value of their players and predicted this semi-final line-up : "  Portugal  338 million euros  against Spain  658 million euros  ; and Germany  459 million euros  against England  392 million euros  . Of course these values are declining every day as the euro sinks against the dollar and the pound . In what might be bad news for Germany 's chances , there could be an inverse relationship  economic jargon  between financial health and sporting prowess . Greece won Euro 2004 and Italy lifted the World Cup in 2006 ; Spain won both Euro 2008 and the World Cup in 2010 . Or it may be that these countries are in an economic mess precisely because their men-folk are outside playing football all the time . That football explains the world is well known . Franklin Foer , author of "  How Football Explains the World : An Unlikely Theory of Globalization , " wrote that "  wandering among lunatic fans , gangster owners and crazed Bulgarian strikers , I kept noticing the ways that globalization had failed to diminish the game 's local cultures , local blood feuds and even local corruption . " In other words , football is Exhibit A in the argument that national pride will never be subsumed by the worthy but essentially dull goal of European integration . One look at the Polish fans belting out their national anthem Tuesday before the game against Russia  surely no historic animosity there  would confirm that . Should players know their anthems ? In fact Europeans may become so consumed by the tournament that the markets will simply forget to mark down the euro or price Spanish debt at record highs . The Market Monetarist blog uncovered research by economists at the Dutch Central Bank from the last World Cup in 2010 . Using minute-by-minute trading data for fifteen stock exchanges , they found that when the national team was playing , the number of trades dropped by 45 % . The Spanish Prime Minister is doing his best to use Euro 2012 as a way of playing down his country 's debt crisis . Hours after his government was offered 100 billion euros to help its indebted banks , Rajoy jetted off to Poland to watch Spain 's first game . "  I am going because the Spanish team are world champions and I think it is good that the head of government be at this inaugural game , " he said . No hint of escapism . But now I feel bad . Many Europeans could n't wait for the Euro 2012 championships to begin just to escape the barrage of negative headlines about their continent 's future . The last thing they wanted was the competition becoming a metaphor  albeit a less than convincing one  for their problems . Sorry . * Tim Lister did not watch any of the games mentioned during working hours . Honestly .	Lister : Worrying signs that some teams are mimicking national roles in the evolving euro crisis European bail-out countries looking uncertain and have work to do to stay in the eurozone Euro 2012 Dutch bank ABN Amro has compared countries ' footballing pedigree with their credit-rating As euro crisis is largely one of confidence , ABN says it would be better if a eurozone nation won Euro 2012
CNN  The CIA 's harsh interrogations of terrorist detainees during the Bush era did n't work , were more brutal than previously revealed and delivered no "  ticking time bomb " information that prevented an attack , according to an explosive Senate report released Tuesday . The majority report issued by the Senate Intelligence Committee is a damning condemnation of the tactics -- branded by critics as torture -- the George W. Bush administration deployed in the fear-laden days after the September 11 , 2001 terrorist attacks . The techniques , according to the report , were "  deeply flawed , " poorly managed and often resulted in "  fabricated " information . The report is reigniting the partisan divide over combating terrorism that dominated Washington a decade ago . Democrats argue the tactics conflict with American values while leading members of the Bush administration insist they were vital to preventing another attack . The CIA immediately hit back at the report , saying in a statement that the program was "  effective " and substantially helped its understanding of al Qaeda 's tactical operations and goals . But President Barack Obama said the report reinforced his view that the harsh interrogation methods "  were not only inconsistent with our values as a nation , they did not serve our broader counterterrorism efforts or our national security interests . " In its most graphic details , an executive summary of the report finds that conditions for detainees at top secret overseas interrogation sites were much harsher than the CIA has previously admitted . It finds that high value detainees were subjected to methods like waterboarding and sleep deprivation "  in near nonstop fashion for days or weeks at a time . " "  In many cases , the most aggressive techniques were used immediately , in combination and nonstop , " the report says . "  Sleep deprivation involved keeping detainees awake for up to 180 hours , usually standing or in painful stress positions , at times with their hands shackled above their heads . " In one facility , a detainee was said to have died of hypothermia after being held "  partially nude " and chained to a concrete floor , while at other times , naked prisoners were hooded and dragged up and down corridors while being slapped and punched . Multiple CIA detainees subjected to the techniques suffered from hallucinations , paranoia , insomnia and tried to mutilate themselves , the report says . On one occasion , high-value al Qaeda suspect Abu Zubaydah became completely unresponsive after a period of intense waterboarding . He had "  bubbles rising through his open full mouth , " the report says . Meanwhile , the confessed mastermind of the September 11 attacks , Khalid Shaikh Mohammed , was subjected to a "  series of near drownings . " The report finds that at least 119 detainees went through the CIA detention program and at least 26 were held "  wrongfully , " partly because there was no information to justify their detention . Previously , the CIA had said only 100 prisoners had been processed through the program , Democratic Senate aides said . The report suggests that the controversial enhanced interrogation techniques did not produce information necessary to save lives that was not already available from other means . That is important because supporters of the program have always said that it was vital to obtaining actionable intelligence from detainees that could not be extracted through conventional interrogations . It also discounts CIA claims in 2011 that enhanced interrogation of al Qaeda operative Hassan Ghul produced information which led them to Osama bin Laden 's "  courier " Abu Ahmad al-Kuwaiti . The breakthrough , which eventually helped the agency track down the al Qaeda leader 's hideout in Abbottabad , Pakistan , was extracted before Ghul was subjected to harsh treatment , the report said , In its scathing response to the report -- released even before Senate Intelligence Committee chairwoman Dianne Feinstein rose on the Senate floor to unveil it -- the CIA said it was "  unknowable " whether it could have received the same information from terror suspects using alternative methods . It said the conclusions of the report contained "  too many flaws " for it to "  stand as official record of the program " and said many of the charges were "  based on authors ' flawed analysis of the value of the intelligence obtained from the detainees . " Obama outlawed enhanced interrogation techniques soon after becoming President in 2009 and admitted in August "  we tortured some folks . " As commander in chief , he faces many of the same dilemmas on how to fight terrorism as his predecessor . But the tone of his response to the report was nevertheless critical . He acknowledged in his statement that the Bush administration had faced "  agonizing choices about how to pursue al Qaeda and prevent additional terrorist attacks against our country . " "  Our nation did many things right in those difficult years . At the same time , some of the actions that were taken were contrary to our values . " Feinstein said that the CIA 's actions in the aftermath of 9/11 were a "  stain on our values and on our history . " "  The release of this 500-page summary can not remove that stain , but it can and does say to our people and the world that America is big enough to admit when it 's wrong and confident enough to learn from its mistakes , " she said . In April , three Republicans on the Intelligence Committee voted to declassify the report . But Georgia Sen. Saxby Chambliss , the committee 's top GOP member , also released a minority rebuttal to the document , taking issues with its methodology and findings . The rebuttal said the report created the "  false impression that the CIA was actively misleading policy makers and impeding the counterterrorism efforts of other federal government agencies during the Program 's operation . " Director of National Intelligence James Clapper said he did not believe that "  any other nation would go to the lengths the United States does to bare its soul , admit mistakes when they are made and learn from those mistakes . " Thousands of marines at U.S. diplomatic posts and military bases around the world are on alert amid fears the graphic details of how detainees were treated could spark a violent backlash . But there was little initial interest on Jihadi forums about the report , said Laith Alkhouri , a senior analyst at Flashpoint Partners , a U.S. organization that tracks Jihadi websites . Intelligence sources told CNN 's Pentagon Correspondent Barbara Starr , however , that the threat of retaliatory attacks could come in days rather than hours , as information filters across the world . Those sources added that currently , there is no specific threat . The full report is more than 6,000 pages long . But after a prolonged tussle between the CIA and the committee over how much of the material should be classified , the document being released Tuesday is 480 pages long . Senior members of the Bush administration have also voiced disquiet that the report is being released and defended their actions , those of administration lawyers and CIA agents charged with the interrogations . Former president George W. Bush told CNN 's Candy Crowley last week that the United States was "  fortunate to have men and women who work hard at the CIA serving on our behalf . These are patriots . " "  These are good people . Really good people . " Former Vice President Dick Cheney told the New York Times that claims that the CIA was out of bounds or that the interrogation program was a rogue operations were "  a bunch of hooey . " "  The program was authorized . The agency did not want to proceed without authorization , and it was also reviewed legally by the Justice Department before they undertook the program , " Cheney said . Countries that cooperated with the CIA , hosting black site prisons and assisting in transferring detainees , are identified only obliquely and not by name . CIA employees , referred to by pseudonyms in the report , are n't being identified . However , the agency pushed for the pseudonyms to be redacted because other information in the report could be used to determine who the employees are . For some Republicans and CIA supporters , there 's still a dispute about whether techniques such as waterboarding constitute torture . The Justice Department twice has investigated the conduct of CIA employees involved in the program and decided not to bring charges . CNN 's Ed Payne , Jake Tapper and Jim Acosta contributed to this report .	Senate Intelligence Committee releases summary of torture report Report : CIA techniques were ` deeply flawed ' Obama : Tactics are ` inconsistent with our values ' CIA defends practices
CNN  -- For years , prosecutors said , they padded their paychecks by virtue of their stature as leaders in Bell , California 's city government . On Wednesday , they paid for it . Oscar Hernandez was found guilty on five felony charges for the misappropriation of funds stemming from his years as Bell 's mayor , by the same jury that also convicted four former city council members on various counts . But it was n't a sweeping verdict . Nearly two months after the trial started in January , the jurors also found Hernandez not guilty on five other charges , as they did with others . More acquittals -- and convictions -- could be coming , as the jury continues to weigh several counts pending against each defendant . And one ex-council member , Luis Antonio Artiga , cried in court when he heard he 'd been found not guilty on all charges he had faced . "  You are free to go sir , " Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Kathleen Kennedy said afterward . "  Good luck to you . " The split verdicts for Hernandez , Teresa Jacobo , George Mirabal , George Cole and Victor Bello came two and a half years after the Los Angeles Times first reported salaries for them and others were well above the norm -- especially considering that Bell , situated about 10 miles southeast of downtown Los Angeles , is a relatively small city of 36,000 people . Their indictments left a cloud over the city , which was mired in a financial mess . "  This community is left with a burden , a huge burden . Not just economically , but a burden of trust , " current city council member Nestor Enrique Valencia told reporters following Wednesday 's verdict . "  The people are ashamed of them . " Prosecutors alleged that the six ex-council members , as well as the two other former city officials , turned the city treasury into "  their own piggy bank , which they looted at will . " Between 2006 and 2010 , they "  illegally gamed the system to receive ridiculous salaries for doing no work " and were paid nearly $ 8,000 a month for meetings on four boards that never took place or lasted just a few minutes , prosecutors have alleged . Those boards were the Solid Waste and Recycling Authority , Surplus Property Authority , Public Finance Authority and Community Housing Authority , authorities said . Except for Artiga , the jury found the defendants guilty of misappropriation of funds for "  payment of services as  members  of the Solid Waste and Recycling Authority . " They were found not guilty of misappropriating funds while members of the public financing authority . Verdicts have not yet been reached on charges tied to the former public officials ' work -- except for Artiga -- related to the two other committees . Hernandez 's lawyer , Stanley Friedman , told reporters after the verdicts Wednesday that his client did n't knowingly break the law . He just took the salary offered him and did his job . "  I suspect all of us , if we got a job and they said you 're getting paid $ 90,000 a year for a full-time job , we 'd be pleased and we would n't do analysis of how the employer broke down the salaries , " Friedman said . Friedman suggested that his client , at least , will fight the convictions thus far . "  These individuals did n't know that it was illegal , " the lawyer said . " ... And I think they have very significant appeal issues , all of them . " Even with the jury still weighing some charges and more fights ahead in court , some Bell residents nonetheless took satisfaction in Wednesday 's verdict . After believing her public officials had bilked her for years , Dennise Rodarte said she was happy that -- at least to some extent -- the jurors saw that too . And with that , she 's ready to end this chapter in the city 's history and move forward . "  It 's justice , " the clean government activist told CNN affiliate KTLA . "  At this point , ... we 're ready as a community and as a city to really move on . " 2010 : In California , 3 who drew high salaries resign from posts	NEW : A good-government activist says , "  We 're ready as a community ... to move on " NEW : Former Bell , California , Mayor Oscar Hernandez 's lawyer suggests an appeal He was convicted on five corruption charges and found not guilty on five others So , too , were several other former members of the L.A. suburb 's city council
CNN  -- Patriots tight end Aaron Hernandez is used to throngs of media clamoring to ask him questions , but the NFL star has never had to deal with them camping outside his home . But since reports that the player had been questioned in connection with a homicide less than a mile from his Massachusetts house , he has faced the gantlet for the past three days . A line of reporters waited on the road in front of his house Wednesday , along with neighbors eager for a word from the player . Nearby , police sifted through the woods for clues that could shed some light on what happened to Odin Lloyd , 27 , who was found dead less than a mile from Hernandez 's expansive home in North Attleborough . Three search warrants have been issued in the case , according to the North Attleboro criminal clerk magistrate Mark Sturdy . They have not been made public yet because the files have not been returned , and Sturdy would not comment on whether they involved Hernandez 's house or property . See also : NFL launches help line for current , former players Hernandez has yet to say anything publicly . Instead , a statement from his lawyer acknowledged there was an investigation , but did n't confirm media reports that authorities had questioned his client . "  It has been widely reported in the media that the state police have searched the home of our client , Aaron Hernandez , as part of an ongoing investigation , " attorney Michael Fee said . "  Out of respect for that process , neither we nor Aaron will have any comment about the substance of that investigation until it has come to a conclusion . " His agency , Athletes First , also had no comment Wednesday . Lloyd died of a gunshot wound , a law enforcement source with knowledge of the investigation said Thursday . Lloyd 's sister , Olivia Thibou , told CNN that Lloyd and Hernandez were friends who were at a Boston nightclub together Friday night . She said her brother was dating the sister of Hernandez 's fiance . She did not know when or how her brother and Hernandez met . Thibou said she did not know of any problems between Hernandez and Lloyd , who worked for a landscaping company . She ca n't imagine why anyone would want to kill her brother , whom she described as a friendly guy who was like a father to her 7-year-old daughter . "  My son is a wonderful child , " Lloyd 's mother , Ursula Ward , said . "  He 's a family guy . He has not done anything to hurt anyone . " Neighbors told CNN that Hernandez , 23 , has been a quiet , respectful neighbor . Hernandez , who is rehabbing a shoulder injury , returned to the house Wednesday afternoon wearing a gray Patriots sweatshirt and blue sweatpants . He did n't acknowledge the presence of the media and appeared to spend the rest of the day inside or on the back deck . On the street between the home and where Lloyd 's body was found , police searched through tall grass . Nearly a dozen Massachusetts state police officers entered Hernandez 's home Tuesday evening , CNN affiliate WCVB reported . Patriots spokesman Stacey James said Tuesday the team was aware of the reports but would n't comment during an ongoing police investigation . Hernandez has played three seasons for the Patriots , averaging 58 catches per year . He was selected for the Pro Bowl in his second season . ESPN reported he signed last year a contract extension that would pay him $ 40 million for the 2014-18 seasons . Forbes names Tiger Woods as highest-paid athlete North Attleborough is about 15 miles from Gillette Stadium , where the Patriots play their home games . As the mystery was unfolding in Massachusetts , Hernandez and his attorneys were dealing with a lawsuit in Miami in which a man claimed Hernandez shot him after they rode in a car after an argument at a strip club . According to a court document , Alexander Bradley contends he lost his right eye because of the February incident . The case was dismissed Monday over an error in the initial paperwork , and was refiled a few days later . Bleacher Report : Aaron Hernandez reportedly questioned by police in homicide investigation CNN 's Mary Snow , Lawrence Crook , and Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	NEW : Search warrants issued , but magistrate declines to say if related to Hernandez Authorities say Odin Lloyd was killed Monday near Aaron Hernandez 's home Police searched the area between Hernandez 's home and where the victim 's body was found The player signed a multimillion-dollar contract extension in 2012
CNN  -- The Egyptian uprising , launched by young liberals hoping to bring freedom , democracy and equality to their country , has finally produced a new president . Mohamed Morsi , long known as the hard-line enforcer of the Muslim Brotherhood , has promised to govern for all Egyptians , vowing to protect the rights of women , children , Christians and Muslims . He says he will preserve all international agreements , implying peace with Israel , and has made a commitment to democracy , saying "  there is no such thing " as "  Islamic democracy . " It all sounds good , and tens of millions of Egyptians , along with millions more around the world , hope he is sincere . And yet the Muslim Brotherhood has much to prove -- beginning with whether or not it can be trusted . For many years the Brotherhood was banned in Egypt , so it operated underground . Since the revolution , Egyptians have had a chance to see it in action . What they have seen so far is an organization impressively capable of modulating its message to suit specific audiences to achieve political gain . More importantly , the Brotherhood has revealed a troublesome habit of breaking its word . Morsi won the presidency , but not before his Freedom and Justice Party , the political arm of the Brotherhood , managed to lose half of its popular support in a matter of months . Millions of Egyptians soured on the Islamist group after seeing how it acted since coming out of the shadows . Its leaders knew their presence would trigger international concern and probably a harsh crackdown . When Hosni Mubarak fell , they pledged they would not try to control Egyptian politics . But they promptly changed their minds . The Muslim Brotherhood leaders promised to contest only a minority of seats in the legislature , rather than trying to win a majority . They broke that promise . They promised , through Morsi himself , "  We will not have a presidential candidate . ... We are not seeking power . " They broke that promise . They vowed to run a thoroughly inclusive process for developing a new Egyptian Constitution . They broke that promise , too . Clearly , the Brotherhood , and the soon-to-be Egyptian president , have developed something of a credibility problem . In parliamentary elections this year , Brotherhood candidates won 10 million votes , almost 40 % of the total . The more radical Islamist party , the Salafis , took 28 % . Altogether , Islamist parties took control of a stunning two-thirds of the seats in parliament . The courts recently disbanded that parliament , but not before Egyptian voters had a chance to see it in action . It was a sobering sight . Despite all the promises of supporting the ideals of the revolution and embracing equal rights for women , the parliament took on proposals that would have dramatically set back women 's rights . And when they put together a panel to write the constitution , it was so loaded with Islamists that a number of groups withdrew in protest and filed lawsuits . That panel , too , was disbanded by the courts . Support for the Brotherhood collapsed . Morsi won just 5 million votes in the first round of presidential elections , half as many as in the parliamentary election , one of every four votes , and just one in 10 eligible voters . He won the presidency only because many voters felt the runoff left two terrible choices : the Brotherhood or a return to the Mubarak era . Many opted to spoil their ballot rather than support either candidate . What became clear in parliament is that when the Brotherhood gained power , it legislated along much less moderate lines than when campaigning , giving speeches to mixed audiences , or speaking to the foreign press . In the past , Morsi has called for banning women and non-Muslims from running for president . His election rallies reportedly featured pledges to imposing Sharia , chants of "  Our capital shall not be Cairo . ... It shall be Jerusalem , " and other deeply disturbing slogans . Still , the Brotherhood is strategically oriented . It keeps its eye firmly on its long-term goals while displaying flexible short-term pragmatism . To win the presidency it negotiated with the strongest power in Egypt , the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces . Morsi will not have a free hand to govern , at least not in the short term . The constitution is not even a work-in-progress yet . It 's unclear what role the president will have . And there is currently no parliament . Egypt is in dire economic shape , and the need to continue the flow of aid from Washington may temper rash impulses for now , particularly regarding peace with Israel . Although less than 24 hours after his "  message of peace , " he already seems to be backtracking on that front . Morsi 's words must be followed closely , but they must be matched against his actions , especially in the longer term , when the cameras leave Tahrir Square , the place where Egypt 's revolution started with calls for real democracy and equality . His first speech as president-elect touched on the right themes . But the Muslim Brotherhood and Egypt 's soon-to-be president still need to show they are true to the ideals of the revolution , not just clever manipulators of a popular uprising . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frida Ghitis .	Frida Ghitis : Can Muslim Brotherhood 's Mohamed Morsi be trusted as Egypt 's president ? She says Brotherhood has broken promises , modulating message for political gain She says public comments are worrisome on women 's rights , Israeli relations , enacting Sharia Ghitis : Morsi , Brotherhood must show they 'll hew to revolution 's goals , not just grab power
CNN  -- This is the second-straight Republican National Convention disrupted by storms . Four years ago , Republicans gathering in Minneapolis delayed the political revelry to focus on disaster relief from Hurricane Gustav , which hit Louisiana . This year , the event was closer to the weather action also targeting Gulf Coast states . Tropical Storm Isaac skirted western Florida on Monday but was expected to strengthen into a hurricane . Headliners at the Tampa convention were pushed back a day to Tuesday with the nomination of Mitt Romney still on schedule for Thursday . Other facts about the Republican National Convention : 50,000 - Visitors expected in Tampa 2,783,243 - Population of Tampa-St . Petersburg-Clearwater metropolitan area 2,286 - Number of GOP delegates . There are also 2,125 alternates . Did the RNC jump the gun by delaying convention ? $ 73 million - Estimated Tampa convention budget , not including $ 50 million in federal funds for security . 2 - Speakers with both four-letter first and last names : Vice Presidential candidate Paul Ryan and Kentucky Senator Rand Paul . 12,000 pounds - Average weight of an African elephant . The elephant is the symbol of the GOP . 13,000 - 15,000 - Members of the media expected to attend the convention . 8 ways faith will matter at the Republican National Convention 64 - Years since a Republican presidential roll call at the convention has gone more than one round . In 1948 in Philadelphia , Thomas Dewey was nominated on the third ballot . President Harry Truman won the election . 120,000 - Red , white , and blue balloons inflated and ready to be dropped in the Tampa Bay Times Forum during the convention . 29 - Number of electoral votes up for grabs in Florida . 46 - Percent of the vote GOP candidate John McCain received in Florida in the 2008 election . 53 - Percent of the vote Barack Obama received in Florida in the 2008 election . Breaking rules : Obama , Romney try to rain on each other 's parade	2,286 - Number of GOP delegates and 2,125 alternates 13,000 - 15,000 - Members of the media expected to attend the convention 46 - Percent of the vote GOP candidate John McCain received in Florida in the 2008 election 53 - Percent of the vote Barack Obama received in Florida in the 2008 election
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Before Jada Pinkett Smith took the role of producer and star of TNT 's "  HawthoRNe , " she made sure her family was fine with her being away from her mother and wife duties during filming . Jada Pinkett Smith 's new TV show , "  HawthoRNe , " premieres Tuesday on TNT . Pinkett Smith plays a single mom and a hospital 's chief nurse on the medical show , which debuts Tuesday night on cable 's TNT Network , which is owned by the parent company of CNN . "  I sat down with kids and my husband and I really asked their permission , " she said . "  I said ` Listen , there was this show I 'd love to do and it will be three months that you might not see Mommy a lot . ' And they 're looking at me like ` Really ? What does that mean ? ' " It meant that on weekdays Will would get Willow , 8 , and Jaden , 11 , out of bed each morning , tuck them in at night and take care of them in-between . "  So they get to eat chocolate for breakfast and go to bed whenever they feel like it for those three months while I 'm working , " Pinkett Smith said . "  So , it works out , and they know that the rest of the year , I 'm off . " While the show is based on a Richmond , Virginia , hospital , it 's produced in a recently closed Inglewood , California , hospital just a few miles from the Smiths ' home . "  The great thing is that my kids do know I 'm in town , " she said . It 's close enough for Will to spend time on the set with Jada while still taking care of the kids . "  He 's an extra in one of the episodes , so just see if you can catch him , " she said . "  He 's walking by , doing a drive-by , and we could hardly afford that . It was a very costly walk-by . " Smith also works as a "  ghost producer " helping structure her episodes , she said . "  He 's quite a fantastic story structuralist , " she said . "  So right now , I 'm learning from him just how to structure a story in a way that speaks to the universal voice and to understand how to hit those human emotional cords that resonate universally , no matter what country you 're from , your economic status . " Will Smith was also on the set at Paramount Studios last month when daughter Willow taped her TV sitcom debut on Nickelodeon 's "  True Jackson , VP . " His role then was stage dad . Hollywood 's highest paid actor , as ranked by Forbes magazine , sat with the other parents through the day-long rehearsals and taping "  like a regular dad , " according to the parent of a cast member . By the way , Jada reports her daughter came home saying she wanted to do more television acting . When "  HawthoRNe " production ends later this summer , Jada may have to return the "  supportive spouse " favor to her husband when he travels to Beijing , China , to work on a "  Karate Kid " remake . Will Smith will produce , with son Jaden playing the lead role , opposite Jackie Chan . It 's not clear if Jada will seek work as a background extra .	Jada Pinkett Smith 's new TV show , "  HawthoRNe , " premieres Tuesday on TNT Jada 's actor-husband Will Smith will appear as extra in an episode Acting runs in family : Jada 's daughter will appear in TV sitcom , son will be in film
CNN  -- The future of Europe may rest on whether NATO can recover its roots . With Russian President Vladimir Putin "  land grabbing " and violating international law , the alliance is finding itself "  brought back to its core , " says Jaap de Hoop Scheffer , NATO 's former secretary general . But it is n't prepared . When NATO was founded in 1949 , its central task was to protect its members against military aggression and work to promote democracy -- which , in the years following , often meant standing against the Soviet empire . The alliance declares success in achieving that goal peacefully , saying on its website that "  throughout the entire period of the Cold War , NATO forces were not involved in a single military engagement . " But things changed after the Cold War . The focus was no longer on Russia . NATO says "  new threats " emerged . The alliance got involved militarily in Bosnia and Herzegovina in the 1990s , and later in Macedonia . It established a military force in Afghanistan , and has forces in Somalia and some other parts of Africa . Now , Russia is increasing its reach , and getting close to NATO terrain . It annexed Ukraine 's Crimean Peninsula in March and is accused of sending its troops into eastern Ukraine in support of pro-Russian rebels , a claim that Moscow denies . So , 55 years into its existence , NATO finds itself , as the Financial Times put it , going "  back to the future . " Just how to do that is a central question as the alliance convenes its summit in Wales . "  The problem NATO has is it 's not fully ready to be able to protect its own members , " Robin Niblett , director of the think tank Chatham House , told CNN . NATO 's military preparedness is "  paltry compared to the kinds of steps the Russians are taking . " NATO wants each of its 28 member nations to spend 2 % of their gross domestic product on defense . While the United States and Britain meet the target , 24 member nations do n't . There has been a "  sort of cozy mentality that the Cold War has gone and we can focus just on domestic investment , " Niblett says . Obama , Cameron : Spend more on military U.S. President Barack Obama and British Prime Minister David Cameron said they "  believe that NATO can adapt to meet the new challenges . " In a joint Op-Ed in the Times of London Thursday , the two men wrote , "  The changes we need are clear . With Russia trying to force a sovereign state to abandon its right to democracy at the barrel of a gun , we should support Ukraine 's right to determine its own democratic future and continue our efforts to enhance Ukrainian capabilities . " The military should "  ensure a persistent presence in eastern Europe , " they said . The two leaders also called for a "  multinational rapid response force , composed of land , air , maritime and special forces , that could deploy anywhere in the world at very short notice . " In addition , they urged all NATO nations to meet the 2 % target for defense spending . But some countries , including Germany , are resistant to do so -- "  not only because of the weak European economy but also not to aggravate the crisis with Russia over Ukraine any further , " the Soufan Group , which tracks security threats , said in a briefing Thursday . Still , Ukraine has sought NATO 's help in the crisis . And while the country is not a member of the alliance , "  its new leaders seek eventual membership " -- a move that angers Putin , the briefing noted . Analyst : It 's the West 's fault John Mearsheimer , political science professor with the University of Chicago , argues that it 's actually NATO 's expansion that set Russia off . "  The United States and its European allies share most of the responsibility for the crisis . The taproot of the trouble is NATO enlargement , the central element of a larger strategy to move Ukraine out of Russia 's orbit and integrate it into the West , " he wrote in Foreign Affairs . "  At the same time , the EU 's expansion eastward and the West 's backing of the pro-democracy movement in Ukraine ... were critical elements , too . " Obama and Cameron disagree . "  Russia has ripped up the rulebook with its illegal , self-declared annexation of Crimea and its troops on Ukrainian soil threatening a sovereign nation state , " they wrote in their Op-Ed . ` Pivotal moment ' As the summit convenes in Wales , "  the United States , NATO , and free nations around the world confront a pivotal moment of truth , " says Sen. Kelly Ayotte , R-New Hampshire . "  By now , it should be clear to all objective observers that Russian President Vladimir Putin is not impressed by starkly worded statements and declarations , and if that is the only outcome in Wales , it could represent a historic failure of the alliance at a time when NATO 's foundational purpose has renewed relevance , " Ayotte wrote in a column for CNN.com . The changes NATO needs to make are possible , says James Stavridis , a former Navy admiral who now serves as dean of The Fletcher School at Tufts University . "  The capacity is there . It 's a matter of re-gearing and doing ... rotational deployments into bases in the east . " "  We 'll have to exercise much more frequently , " the former NATO secretary general , Scheffer , says of the alliance 's troops . "  We 'll have to bring forces on the ground in Poland and in the Baltic region to show Vladimir Putin that NATO means serious business . " As NATO holds its summit in Wales , talk of an action plan is front and center . Part of that means a focus on money . "  More important than the amount spent is where it 's spent , " says Niblett . "  Not enough is being spent on new equipment , modernized capabilities -- new capability surveillance , precision munitions , aircraft defenses . " Still , even if NATO undergoes a makeover to confront Russia , experts agree : Wresting all of Ukraine back from Putin 's grip is a very long shot . Leaders hold pivotal NATO summit as threats of ISIS , Russian aggression loom NATO : What should we expect ?	After NATO 's founding , it stood against Russia Now , the money and military are n't ready to do so Obama , Cameron and others say NATO can do it Analyst blames NATO , not Russia , for the crisis
Zanzibar , Tanzania  CNN  -- A Catholic priest was attacked with acid on the east African island of Zanzibar in the third such unprovoked assault in two months , and remained hospitalized Saturday , the cleric told CNN . The Rev. Joseph Anselmo Mwagambwa said he was attacked Friday afternoon while coming out of an internet cafe in Mlandenge , a community in the city of Zanzibar . He was being treated in a hospital in the Tanzanian mainland city of Dar es Salaam . Police are still investigating , and no arrests have been made . Last month , two British women , both 18 , were walking unaccompanied on a street when acid was thrown on their faces , chests and hands by two men on a motorcycle in Zanzibar , officials said . Katie Gee and Kirstie Trup were attacked in Stone Town , the island 's historic center , and had been working as volunteer teachers on the island , according to the firm i-to-i Travel . Stone Town is a UNESCO World Heritage Site popular with tourists . The attack against the two women came as Islamist extremism is rising in the area . The government said it would consider regulating the purchase of acid and other related products , and warned that such attacks could seriously damage the island 's tourism industry . In another incident in July , a businessman of Arab origin who had built a mall close to the American Embassy in Dar es Salaam was also injured in an acid attack , Tanzanian media reported . Zanzibar is a semi-autonomous part of Tanzania . According to the CIA World Factbook , the population of Zanzibar is 99 % Muslim , while the residents of mainland Tanzania are split roughly evenly among Christian , Muslim and indigenous beliefs . India acid attack victim fights for justice CNN 's Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	Rev. Joseph Anselmo Mwagambwa tells CNN he was sprayed with acid He was coming out of an Internet cafe in city of Zanzibar Last month , acid was thrown on two U.K. women , both 18 , while visiting Stone Town An Arab businessman who built a mall near U.S. Embassy was hit with acid
New Delhi  CNN  -- At least 13 people were killed and 26 more were injured when a five-story residential building collapsed in the Indian financial hub of Mumbai early Friday , a hospital spokesman said . Dozens of people are feared to be trapped in the wreckage of the region 's latest building disaster . "  It 's a pancake collapse , " said Sachidanand Gawde , deputy commandant at the National Disaster Response Force  NDRF  . "  The exact number of those trapped under the debris is not known , " he said . Forty-four people had been pulled from the debris as of Friday , including the deceased , Gawde said . One of the survivors is an 11-year-old girl who was heard shouting from inside the rubble that she was alive . "  There is a lot of chaos here , but my boys are closely monitoring any noises or movement from under the debris that can lead us to people trapped inside , " Gawde said . "  We are using latest rescue techniques so that maximum number of lives could be saved . " Around 40 people are feared to be buried in the rubble , CNN 's sister network IBN reported , citing the disaster officials . The building , an old construction in southern Mumbai , gave way around 6 a.m. Friday . Fire engines and ambulances rushed to the scene to carry out rescue efforts , Gawde said . The first floor of the building was rented out to a decorating firm , but about 22 apartments were occupied on the upper four floors , said Sitaram Kunte , the commissioner of Brihanmumbai Municipal Council , which owns the building . A spokesman for the council said a notice was issued in April regarding major structural issues with the building . It underwent renovations at that time , and further repairs were scheduled , spokesman Vijay Khabale Patil said . The residents were made aware of the situation , but continued to live in the building , he said . Several buildings in the Mumbai area have crumbled this year , one of them with disastrous consequences . In April , scores of people were killed in the collapse of an illegal multistory building in Thane , a city in the Mumbai region . Deadly collapses have occurred in the city in past years , as well . Housing rights groups say many old buildings in the city are rundown and neglected , while newer ones are often built using substandard materials and have structural problems . People live in them because they do n't have a choice -- in Mumbai , demand for housing far exceeds supply . About 65 % of the population is estimated to live in slums , the groups say . CNN 's Lonzo Cook in New Delhi contributed to this report .	The death toll rises to 13 , a hospital spokesman says Dozens of people are feared to be trapped in the rubble The old residential building in southern Mumbai gave way early Friday Around 22 apartments were occupied on the building 's upper floors , the owner says
NEW YORK  CNN  -- TED started as an experiment in convergence and somehow , miraculously , has morphed into a source of fascination , inspiration and learning for millions of curious souls all over the world . I showed up at TED for the first time 11 years ago and was exhilarated to find myself among people turned on by cool ideas . Geeks , designers , entrepreneurs , scientists , global activists -- viewed one way , they could n't have been more different . But everyone was curious ; everyone wanted to dig below the surface and have a real conversation about stuff that mattered . I fell in love with the event so badly that within a year , I 'd set my heart on acquiring it . It was the kind of thing you could devote a life to . Through a complicated series of events , I was able to do this in 2001 and transfer it into a not-for-profit foundation with the mission "  ideas worth spreading . " That 's made it natural for TED to gradually transition from being an exclusive club to a global community that anyone can participate in . The key step was our decision three years ago to start posting the conference talks online for anyone to see for free . Far from robbing the conference of its crown jewels , the move has been transformative , both for TED and for some of the speakers who have achieved an unexpected new form of celebrity . With audiences in the millions , they are helping redefine what it is to be a great teacher . It is thrilling to imagine them delivering insight and inspiration to knowledge-seekers old and young , rich and poor , in every corner of the planet . TED was founded in 1984 by information architect Richard Saul Wurman and his partners . They saw that the industries of Technology , Entertainment and Design -- the T , E and D of TED -- were converging and that an event covering all three could be uniquely interesting . So it turned out . The first TED showcased the brand-new Apple Macintosh and strange round silver shiny discs , the first CDs . The program generated huge excitement , but it was a commercial failure , Five years later , Wurman tried again , and since then it 's been held annually in California , with a growing number of spin-off events in other locations . But a strange thing happened over the years . The content of the conference became ever broader , incorporating scientists , business leaders , novelists , social entrepreneurs and movers and shakers of all stripes . We now seek out literally anyone who is remarkable from any discipline , provided they can find a way of powerfully sharing their passion with a general audience . Here 's why this works . Our world has gotten more complicated than ever . And most issues simply can not be understood by looking at them through a single lens . In the world 's race to specialize , we forgot that actually all knowledge is connected . Take the current economic crisis . The bankers and economists and politicians are largely stumped . To fight our way through this may well require ideas from much wider sources -- perhaps from systems architects and evolutionary psychologists , or from researchers dreaming up new energy sources or philosophers or activists questioning our basic priorities . Policies and politicians come and go , but great ideas last forever . And we live in an age where they can spread faster than ever . But there 's something else strange about TED . It turns out that if you spend a few days opening yourself to brilliance from multiple sources , not just intellectual but also aesthetic , something remarkable happens . You end up getting seized by a sense of possibility , excitement -- inspiration , even . Since taking over at TED , I 've been trying to figure out what that means and what can be done with it . One of our attempted answers is the TED Prize . Each year , we grant this award to three individuals with world-changing potential . They get $ 100,000 ... but more important , they are granted a wish under the following terms : "  No restrictions . Think big . Be creative . " At TED , they reveal their wishes to an audience ready to be inspired . This has led to a series of thrilling collaborative projects  they 're documented at tedprize.org  . This year has seen another surprising development in which tens of thousands of people around the world have gathered in more than 300 self-organized TED-like events . We call this program TEDx  see ted.com/tedx  . TEDx events have been held in 50 countries , in schools , companies , campuses and theaters . They range in scale from 1,200 college kids in Los Angeles , California , to a tiny battered church in the middle of Africa 's largest slum . The passion being put into these events is astonishing and proves a global interest in this new way of sharing knowledge and reawakening wonder . How big could this get ? Well , it depends on how many people are out there with a passion to learn and a willingness to help shape a better future . Certainly , CNN 's partnership is a big step forward for us , giving TED exposure to a vast global audience hungry for knowledge that matters . TEDTalks are n't usually about the story of the day . But the ideas they communicate will help shape the stories of tomorrow . Welcome to TED . Watch with an open mind ... and let your curiosity take you on a thrilling journey of discovery ! The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Chris Anderson .	Curator says TED allows remarkable people to share ideas with global community Posting conference talks online has helped spread message , he says TED Prize gives three people $ 100,000 ; only requirement is to think big In new partnership , CNN.com will offer Ted Talk Tuesdays
CNN  -- Most of the big tech companies implicated in the ongoing controversy over secret government Web surveillance insist they turned over data about users to the National Security Agency only after being compelled by court orders . But a new report claims that Microsoft willingly collaborated with the NSA and even allowed federal agents to circumvent the company 's own encryption system to spy on users ' messages . The latest bombshell from the UK 's Guardian newspaper , which along with the Washington Post broke the NSA snooping story last month , says that Microsoft helped the NSA circumvent its encryption to intercept Web chats on its new Outlook.com portal . The Guardian , citing "  top-secret " documents , said the NSA already had access to pre-encrypted e-mail on Microsoft 's Outlook , including Hotmail . The NSA allegedly listened in on numerous video calls made via Skype , which Microsoft bought two years ago . And Microsoft also worked with the FBI this year to give the NSA easier access to its cloud storage service SkyDrive , which has more than 250 million users worldwide , according to the Guardian 's report , published Thursday . In a statement , Microsoft immediately denied many of the Guardian 's claims , saying the company turns over data on customers only in response to legal requests . "  First , we take our commitments to our customers and to compliance with applicable law very seriously , so we provide customer data only in response to legal processes . Second , our compliance team examines all demands very closely , and we reject them if we believe they are n't valid . "  Third , we only ever comply with orders about specific accounts or identifiers , and we would not respond to the kind of blanket orders discussed in the press over the past few weeks , as the volumes documented in our most recent disclosure clearly illustrate , " the company said . "  To be clear , Microsoft does not provide any government with blanket or direct access to SkyDrive , Outlook.com , Skype or any Microsoft product . " News reports , based in part on documents provided by former NSA contractor Edward Snowden , have described a classified U.S. intelligence system called Prism that examines e-mails , videos , online chats and other data that it collects via requests made under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act . The revelations about Prism have alarmed everyone from members of Congress and foreign leaders to privacy activists and citizens who organized anti-NSA protests across the United States on the Fourth of July . Like Apple , Facebook , Google , Yahoo and other tech titans linked by news reports to the Prism program , Microsoft has been working in recent weeks to convince customers that it values their privacy and safeguards their personal data against wanton snooping by a government trying to root out terrorists . In lobbying for greater transparency on national security-related requests , Microsoft revealed last month that it had received between 6,000 and 7,000 criminal and national security warrants , subpoenas and other orders in the last six months of 2012 . These requests affected between 31,000 and 32,000 consumer accounts -- a tiny fraction of the company 's hundreds of millions of users -- and came from local , state and federal agencies , Microsoft said . "  When we upgrade or update products legal obligations may in some circumstances require that we maintain the ability to provide information in response to a law enforcement or national security request , " Microsoft said in its statement Thursday . "  There are aspects of this debate that we wish we were able to discuss more freely . That 's why we 've argued for additional transparency that would help everyone understand and debate these important issues . "	A new report from the Guardian newspaper claims Microsoft willingly collaborated with the NSA Report : Microsoft allowed feds to circumvent its encryption system to spy on users Microsoft says it turns over data on customers only in response to legal requests Microsoft : We do "  not provide any government with blanket or direct access to ... any Microsoft product "
CNN  -- George Clooney 1 , Daily Mail newspaper 0 . The British newspaper 's website deleted an article about Clooney , his fiancee , Amal Alamuddin , and her mother , Baria , on Wednesday , after Clooney said the article was "  completely fabricated " and even "  dangerous . " The website subsequently apologized and said it had "  launched a full investigation . " The offending article came out on the Web on Monday and in print on Tuesday . While it is now missing from the Mail 's site , rewritten versions of it still appear on hundreds of other sites -- a point that Clooney himself made in an unusual response to the Mail , published by USA Today on Wednesday morning . In order to rebut the article , Clooney had to repeat some of what it said . "  The Daily Mail has printed a completely fabricated story about my fiancee 's mother opposing our marriage for religious reasons , " Clooney wrote in USA Today . "  It says Amal 's mother has been telling ` half of Beirut ' that she 's against the wedding . It says they joke about traditions in the Druze religion that end up with the death of the bride . " None of that is true , Clooney said . Clooney , of course , is used to media misbehavior -- thinly sourced stories about celebrities of his stature are a daily occurrence , and "  I seldom respond , " he wrote . "  But this lie involves larger issues , " he wrote . "  The irresponsibility , in this day and age , to exploit religious differences where none exist , is at the very least negligent and more appropriately dangerous . We have family members all over the world , and the idea that someone would inflame any part of that world for the sole reason of selling papers should be criminal . " Later on , he suggested that the Mail had moved "  into the arena of inciting violence . " So was the Mail story completely made up ? MailOnline , the Web division of the newspaper , said Wednesday that it was "  not a fabrication " ; rather , it was "  supplied in good faith by a reputable and trusted freelance journalist . " The Mail said the journalist "  based her story on conversations with a long-standing contact who has strong connections with senior members of the Lebanese community in the UK and the Druze in Beirut . " In other words , the journalist played a particularly bad game of telephone , repeating what one person was saying about what other people were allegedly saying about Clooney 's future mother-in-law . "  We accept Mr. Clooney 's assurance that the story is inaccurate and we apologise to him , Miss Amal Alamuddin and her mother , Baria , for any distress caused , " the Mail said in a statement . "  We have removed the article from our website and will be contacting Mr. Clooney 's representatives to discuss giving him the opportunity to set the record straight . " What we know about George Clooney 's fiancee Photos : The women who captured George Clooney 's heart CNN 's Joan Yeam contributed to this report .	Daily Mail said Clooney 's future mother-in-law opposes his marriage on religious grounds Clooney responds in USA Today , calling the story "  completely fabricated " and "  dangerous " The story was removed from the Mail 's website , and the paper is investigating Clooney rarely responds to the media 's stories about his personal life
CNN  -- Sen. Barack Obama is bracing for the general election fight , and conservatives are likely to throw some jabs at his wife , Michelle Obama , as well . Sen. Barack Obama has told critics to "  lay off my wife , " Michelle Obama . Conservatives view the presumptive Democratic nominee 's wife as a target of opportunity . But one Republican consultant said attacks on candidates ' wives often backfire . "  Considering there are so many issues -- legitimate issues -- that you can use on Barack Obama , to attack his wife to me is sheer utter stupidy of the highest level , " said Stephen Marks , a Republican strategist . "  Mr. Obama is going to come to his wife 's defense , and it 's going to humanize both of them . " Michelle Obama was widely criticized on conservative blogs when she said "  For the first time in my adult lifetime , I am really proud of my country " at an appearance on behalf of her husband in Milwaukee , Wisconsin , in February . The Obama campaign said Michelle Obama 's comment reflected her excitement about the grass-roots support her husband is receiving , but conservatives said the statement raised questions about her patriotism . Cindy McCain , the wife of presumptive Republican presidential nominee Sen. John McCain , also took a shot at Michelle Obama , saying , "  I am proud of my country . I do n't know about you , if you heard those words earlier . I am very proud of my country . " In May , the Tennessee Republican Party used video of Michelle Obama 's comments in a TV ad that aired during one of her husband 's campaign stops in the state . The ad features Tennesseans saying why they are proud of America while repeatedly cutting to Michelle Obama 's comments . The Obama campaign called the ad "  shameful , " and it was condemned by the state 's two Republican U.S. senators . After his wife 's comments were criticized , Barack Obama said Michelle did not mean what she said . "  Statements like this are made , and people try to take it out of context and make a great big deal out of it , and that is n't at all what she meant , " he told San Antonio radio station WOAI in February . "  What she meant was , this is the first time that she 's been proud of the politics of America , " he said . "  Because she 's pretty cynical about the political process , and with good reason , and she 's not alone . But she has seen large numbers of people get involved in the process , and she 's encouraged . " Republican strategists say the wife of the Democratic presidential nominee is fair game . "  There is less information about him to temper her comments against , so what she says represents something a lot more important than perhaps other candidates in the past who have had a longer track record , " said Rachel Marsden , a Republican strategist . The issue of Michelle Obama as a potential liability made simultaneous headlines on both coasts , with articles in both The New York Times and the Los Angeles Times . The newspapers pointed to relentless online rumor mills , criticism on conservative blogs and articles in conservative magazines , like the National Review , critical of Michelle Obama . Watch how the Obama campaign is fighting Internet rumors " New York Times columnist Maureen Dowd wrote that the backlash against Michelle Obama , who is black , was a "  good preview of how Republicans will attack Michelle , suggesting that she does not share American values , mining a subtext of race . " The potential first lady appears to be bracing for what may lie ahead . "  We 're trusting that the American voters are ready to talk about the issues and not talking about things that have nothing to do with making people 's lives better , " Michelle Obama told ABC News during a joint interview in May . But Barack Obama quickly added , "  I also think these folks should lay off my wife . " It 's advice the opposition might want to heed , Marks said . You only have to look back to 1992 , when then-Gov . Bill Clinton stood up to critics of his wife , to see how an attack on a politician 's spouse can quickly boomerang , Marks said . Clinton later went on to win the Democratic nomination that year -- and the presidency .	Michelle Obama 's comment widely criticized by conservative bloggers Barack Obama tells critics to "  lay off my wife " Attacks on politicians ' spouses often backfire , one GOP strategist says
CNN  -- Hundreds of protesters took to the streets in Providence , Rhode Island , Wednesday to demand that Mayor Angel Taveras take back the termination letters he sent to every educator in the city last week . The protesters carried placards and chanted "  We 'll never be defeated , " in support of the Providence Teachers Union . In a 4-3 decision , the Providence City School Board , voted last week to adopt Taveras ' plan to fire 2,000 teachers and staff to give budget writers more flexibility to make cuts . A final decision on how many of them will end up losing their jobs wo n't be made until the board and the mayor decide specifically how to fill a multimillion-dollar budget gap . The move has outraged veteran teachers and union leaders . Taveras "  has done more to demoralize and disrespect teachers in 30 days than I think anyone could possibly do in the history of teaching , " union President Steve Smith told CNN affiliate WPRI . Taveras , however , said his mind is made up . "  People will have their voices heard -- however my resolve has not changed , " Taveras told WPRI . Taveras has insisted that he values the city 's "  gifted teachers , " but felt compelled to give notice to municipal employees of "  potential changes to their employment status " prior to a March 1 deadline . The mayor cites budgetary problems for the layoffs , not quality of the teachers . The U.S. Department of Education , has twice singled out Providence for its educational reform initiatives , according to Smith .	Hundred of Providence teachers union supporters demonstrate against terminations Providence mayor sent termination letters to 2,000 teachers and staff last week Actual layoffs wo n't be known until mayor and city council decide how to balance budget Union leader : Mayor demoralized and disrespected teachers
CNN  -- Rafael Nadal may be more used to serving aces than strutting his stuff on a film set but that has not stopped the former world number one from appearing with Colombian rock star Shakira in her new music video . The scenes of the two stars used to accompany the global release of the "  Gypsy " single were filmed in Barcelona , Spain last month where the chemistry between the 23-year-old Spaniard and the Latin American singer were such that denials were released by both parties to quash rumors of a love match . Though Nadal is in no danger of winning an Oscar for his acting skills , his cameo appearance was just one in a long list of tennis stars who have flirted with the silver screen . Any come to mind ? Open Court sifted through the archives to find other famous examples of tennis stars caught on camera . Let us know if there are any we have missed by adding your comment at the bottom of the page . Anna Kournikova : Given her status as a celebrity , which rather overshadowed her abilities as a tennis player , the former Wimbledon semifinalist and number one ranked doubles player , was inevitably going to turn her talents to acting . Rather in the Nadal mode , Kournikova does not have any lines to fluff when appearing with Spanish pop star Enrique Inglesias in a video to promote his 2001 single "  Escape " . Having been "  seduced " in a variety of role-play settings by Enrique , the pair later dated in real life . The single reached number 12 in the United States listings . John McEnroe : The former bad boy of tennis , famous for his rants and run-ins with umpires , would appear to have all the ingredients for a director looking to add a star name to his film credits and with a bit of acting ability to boot . McEnroe , who was once married to the movie star Tatum O'Neal , has in fact appeared in six films , the latest Adam Sandler 's 2008 release "  You Do n't Mess with the Zohan " where he predictably plays himself . The film did well at the box office and , considering his other cameo alongside Robert De Niro in "  Anger Management , " the grand slam great could be set for further feature film parts . But whether he will follow soccer legend Eric Cantona in taking lead roles in critically acclaimed films may be open to question . Vijay Amritraj : The Indian star 's handsome profile and suave personality lent itself to the movie world and sure enough a Hollywood producer spotted him as he gave a post match television interview . He was given an immediate screen test between the second and third rounds while playing at Wimbledon and landed more than just a walk-on part in the 13th Bond movie "  Octopussy . " Rather predictably , Vijay 's role did have a tennis angle with the baddie Kamal Khan playing at the same club as him , where he was able to keep watch for 007 Roger Moore . Vijay also kills a kukri-wielding Gurkha with his racket , before getting his come-uppance from one of Bond 's enemies with a nasty knife . He dies muttering the immortal lines "  It was Kamal 's men . " A later appearance in "  Star Trek IV : The Voyage Home " marked the end of his film career , but Vijay made regular appearances on a popular television show on American network NBC to extend his acting career . Althea Gibson : Any history of tennis or indeed sport in general , will point to the pivotal role which Althea Gibson played in breaking down barriers for the African-American community . As a forerunner for the likes of the Williams sisters four decades later , Gibson became the first black player to win Wimbledon in 1957 , before defending the title the year after to add to a career haul of five grand slam singles titles . Despite the success , Gibson had never profited from her triumphs as a lifelong amateur so on retirement in 1959 she took a career change that saw her release an album of songs and appear in "  The Horse Soldiers " , a John Ford-directed western -- where she played a liberated slave who rides alongside John Wayne . William Holden also appeared in the film , but sadly it was Gibson 's first and last and she turned to playing professional golf to earn a living . Maria Sharapova : Given her worldwide fame and celebrity , the Russian tennis icon would appear to be a Hollywood producer 's dream but her chance of celluloid glory was thwarted by -- a Hollywood producer . The 2004 feature "  Wimbledon " starred Kirsten Dunst as Lizzie Bradbury , a single-minded American tennis star who finds love in the form of a less than dedicated British player Peter Colt  Paul Bettany  , who inspired by Bradbury does the impossible by winning the men 's singles . A very unlikely scenario but highly predictable for a feel good film . Sharapova was supposed to have played one of Bradbury 's hapless opponents , but according to the commentary on the DVD of the film , she was considered too much of a likeness to Dunst and did not get the part . A glut of players , Chris Evert , John McEnroe  inevitably  and Luke Jensen amongst others lend their faces to the film and CNN 's Open Court presenter Pat Cash advised on the action shots . But one ca n't help but think that an appearance by Sharapova may have boosted box office takings even more , although she did appear at the glitzy premiere in Hollywood in September , 2004 , towering over the diminutive Dunst . Bill Tilden : Another infamous tennis star who is rated one of the all-time greats for his grand slam exploits , but attracted less than favorable headlines for his private life , was another to try his hand at entertainment without a tennis racket . The controversial life of tennis great Tilden Tilden dominated the men 's game in the 1920s before turning professional and was still a force into his 40s , playing to big crowds against the likes of Donald Budge and Fred Perry . But away from tennis , Tilden 's great passion was movies and theater . He was a personal friend of screen icon Charlie Chaplin and ploughed much of his fortune into three Broadway plays , which he wrote and produced and also appeared in . All bombed spectacularly and Hollywood did not come calling . The Players  1979 movie This makes our list because of the sheer numbers of star players , who have cameo roles or -- in the case of the great Pancho Gonzales -- starred in a major supporting role . Gonzales , who received a panning from critics for his pains , also has a credit in the more successful 1953 release "  Pat and Mike " starring screen legends Katharine Hepburn and Spencer Tracy . The corny plot of The Players  see "  Wimbledon " above  has crooner Dean Martin 's son  Dean Paul Martin  play a rising young tennis star who falls for an older woman Nicole  Ali McGraw  . It is loaded with walk on parts for John McEnroe , his predecessor as the "  enfant terrible " of tennis , Ilie Nastase , and the Argentine ace Guillermo Vilas . Tom Gullikson , John Lloyd , Dennis Ralston and Ion Tiriac also appear as well as legendary British tennis commentator Dan Maskell , but it proved a turkey . Roll credits So that 's Open Court 's guide to the best and mostly worse in tennis acting careers , but while the sport remains a favorite among celebrities and rich Hollywood film moguls , the list is sure to grow and as we went to press reports from India say 11-time grand slam doubles champion Leander Paes is wanting to join the ranks of Bollywood after taking acting lessons for over a year . Judging by the efforts of his predecessors he might need them .	Tennis stars of past and present have turned their talents to land roles in films American ace John McEnroe has appeared in the credits for no less than six features 1957 Wimbledon champion starred alongside screen icon John Wayne in a western Indian star Vijay Amritraj was talent spotted for a supporting part in Bond movie Octopussy
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Russia 's policies are putting it on a path to isolation and irrelevance , U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice said Thursday . Rice also said that Moscow 's other behavior , including using oil and gas as a weapon , threatening countries with nuclear attack , selling arms to rogue states and political persecution of journalists and dissidents , paints a picture of "  a Russia increasingly authoritarian at home and aggressive abroad . " Her comments came in a speech on the state of relations between Washington and Moscow . While the United States has taken issue with Russia 's behavior for some time , Rice called its invasion of Georgia last month a "  critical moment for Russia and the world . " She warned that Moscow 's international standing following the Georgia conflict is at a post-Cold War low . "  Russia 's invasion of Georgia has achieved -- and will achieve -- no strategic objective , " Rice said . "  Russia 's leaders will not accomplish their primary war aim of removing Georgia 's government . And our strategic goal now is to make it clear to Russia 's leaders that their choices are putting Russia on a one-way path to self-imposed isolation and international irrelevance . " The United States and Europe will stand up to Russia and not allow it to bully or threaten its neighbors , she said . While the international community has pledged to help rebuild Georgia and provide massive international aid , Rice said Russia has precious little international support . Noting that Russia 's recognition of independence for the Georgia breakaway region of South Ossetia has only been matched by Nicaragua and Hamas , she retorted , "  A pat on the back from Daniel Ortega and Hamas is hardly a diplomatic triumph . " Warning about the consequences of Russia 's actions , Rice said the United States has more options than during the Cold War "  when U.S. foreign policy was hostage " to the standoff with the Soviet Union . Russia 's bid to join the World Trade Organization and the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development is at risk , Rice said , and the country 's civil nuclear cooperation with the United States is "  not going anywhere now . " As Russian economic markets continue to take a tumble , Rice warned , Russia needs to be part of the world political and economic community to realize the forward-looking vision laid out by President Dmitry Medvedev when he took office . "  If Russia ever wants to be more than just an energy supplier , its leaders have to recognize a hard truth : Russia depends on the world for its success , and it can not change that , " she said . She also took a jab at Russia 's recent overtures to Cuba and bomber exercises with Venezuela . The U.S. agenda to help democracies in the Western Hemisphere prosper "  will in no way be diminished by a few , aging Blackjack bombers , visiting one of Latin America 's few autocracies , which are themselves being left behind by an increasingly peaceful , prosperous and democratic hemisphere . " Rice 's aides have heavily promoted her speech , inviting Russia experts and journalists to the State Department on Wednesday to preview the remarks . On Wednesday , Rice called Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov to let him know she was planning to deliver the speech , her spokesman Sean McCormack said . The speech also was to be translated into Russian , French and German , McCormack said . In her remarks , Rice said the United States will continue to welcome students , political reformers , journalists and other professionals as well as try to help Russia in areas such as the fight against HIV/AIDS . "  And we will continue to support all Russians who want a future of liberty for their great nation , " she said . At a CNN panel discussion Tuesday , former Secretaries of State Henry Kissinger , Colin Powell and James Baker warned the Bush administration against rupturing its relationship with Russia over the Georgia conflict , saying that the United States needed Moscow 's cooperation on major national security issues .	U.S. secretary of state decries Russia 's foreign , energy policies Georgian invasion achieves "  no strategic objective , " Condoleezza Rice says Russia risks bid to join international organizations , Rice says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Using a Facebook profile , police arrested a suspect in an attack on the Georgetown University campus . The victim searched through Facebook profiles to identify his attacker . The university sophomore appeared in court Friday , charged in connection to what police called a hate-crime attack near campus nearly two weeks ago . Phillip Anderton Cooney of Southlake , Texas , is charged with simple assault with a bias/hate crime specification , according to police officials and an official in the U.S. attorney 's office . Prosecutors added the "  bias/hate crime specification " to the case because the victim , a 19-year-old who is also a Georgetown student , said the attacker was yelling homophobic epithets during the attack . The victim was attacked on September 9 just off campus near the intersection of 36th and O streets in the Georgetown neighborhood . Police said he suffered cuts and bruises to the face and a broken thumb in the attack . After the attack , the victim started looking on Facebook to see if he could find the person who attacked him , according to Lt. Alberto Jova of the Metropolitan Police Department 's Gay and Lesbian Liaison Unit . When he found a profile of someone who looked like his attacker , police investigated , then created a photo spread of possible suspects . The victim picked Cooney 's photo from the photo spread and Washington police worked with Georgetown University Public Safety officers to arrest him . Cooney was taken into custody by a University Public Safety officer during an exam . Jova said he 'd never heard of a crime victim using Facebook to help police catch a suspect before . The "  hate/bias specification " means if convicted , he could face a stiffer maximum sentence . A misdemeanor simple assault conviction is punishable by up 180 days in jail and a $ 1,000 fine . With the specification for a hate/bias crime , the maximum would be 270 days in jail and $ 1,500 , according to Channing Phillips , Assistant U.S. Attorney for the District of Columbia . Georgetown University is investigating the incident and will consider whether Cooney has violated the University 's Student Code of Conduct . Spokeswoman Julie Green Bataille said that could lead to any number of sanctions against Cooney , including expulsion from Georgetown . But until that investigation is over , Cooney will be allowed to return to class . Neither Georgetown University nor the Metropolitan Police Department 's Gay and Lesbian Liaison Unit has released the victim 's name . E-mail to a friend	Police use Facebook to locate , charge suspect in hate crime Suspect is a Georgetown University sophomore The victim was attacked on September 9 near Georgetown 's campus Georgetown University is now investigating the incident
CNN  -- Midway through Jason Dinant 's fitness journey to get six-pack abs by June , the 27-year-old had a breakdown . Halfway through his fitness goal , Jason Dinant said he sees a four-pack gradually forming . After months of eschewing junk food in favor of lean protein -- egg whites , chicken breast and vegetables -- he devoured pie . The slice came from Marie Callender 's , drizzled with caramel , loaded with candied apples and layered with cream cheese . Yes , it was delicious , Dinant said . Then he got home and had a Tootsie Roll . Then , he ate a Klondike ice cream bar . The breakdown came late February after months of following a lean diet . It also came with consequences . "  When I woke up the next day , I had a horrible stomach ache , " Dinant said . "  My trainer said once you 're on the diet , you can try to go back and have a day where you binge on bad food and it 's going to give you a stomach ache . " Since January , CNNhealth has been following the progress of three iReport contributors as they strive to meet their New Year 's diet and fitness goals . One of them is Dinant , a Las Vegas , Nevada resident , who wanted to get a six-pack by summer in time for his 10-year high school reunion . He also wants to show off a chiseled stomach on his blog called "  Naked Boy News , " where he stands shirtless to give "  the naked truth about today 's news . " The junk food breakdown came after almost two months of staying on a lean diet . The self-described "  candyaholic " often craved his favorite treats like York Peppermint patties , macaroons , Mounds bars and Coca Cola . "  The key to falling off the wagon is not to stay off the wagon , " said Gregg Avedon , a certified fitness trainer and model whose chiseled six-pack has appeared on the cover of Men 's Health magazine 18 times . "  If you fall off the wagon for one day , the problem is it could lead to two days , three days , a week , then you fall off completely . Next thing you know , it leads to two weeks of binge eating . " Dinant has maintained his diet of 16 egg whites , one and a quarter-pound of meat , four cups of vegetables , potatoes and rice a day . He treats himself to one Tootsie Roll a day , and sometimes indulges in gelato . Dinant 's quest for six-pack abs -- which initially included 500 daily crunches -- brought attention from his neighbors , an egg company that ships him 15 dozen eggs every two weeks and news media such as USA Today and his hometown newspaper , Las Vegas Review-Journal and blogs . Some people left words of encouragement for Dinant 's quest for tight abs , but others were less supportive . A picture compared him to a toothpick . Another one showed a kitten shooting a shirtless Dinant . "  A lot of people said , ` You need to put on a shirt , ' " he said , so Dinant set up a Web site called putonashirt.com where he compiled the comments . The hate mail comes "  when they see a thin guy trying to be more fit . They 're jealous , " Dinant said . The negative comments add fuel to his fire . "  I 've wanted to do this before and last year , I had the same resolution , " Dinant said . "  I did it for two weeks and by January 15 , it was time to move on . So I applied for iReport . I wanted people to follow it , so I 'm motivated to do it . So many people are watching , so mentally , I have to do it . I put my mind to it . I have to do it . " Watch Dinant 's video Dinant does n't have a six-pack yet . "  You can see four , " he said . "  It 's more defined . The middle two are coming in . I need a tan . I 'm so white it 's hard to see . " In January , Dinant 's exercise regimen started with 500 stomach crunches a day , after hearing a Britney Spears interview about her sit-ups for toned abs . Dinant has abandoned the crunches and enlisted a personal trainer who has designed 11 core body exercises . For 20 minutes , Dinant performs 25 repetitions of the exercises , which include a floor bicycle , upward leg lifts and a type of sit-up where he lifts his legs and arms up at the same time . He spends an hour jogging , doing cardio and lifting weights . He also changes his exercise routines and works out four to five times a week . Recently , Dinant lost his job in sales for a Las Vegas show , which he attributes to a sluggish economy . He still has his job as an emcee for a night club and on the bright side , he said he "  can dedicate more time to work out . " "  I 'm working out my legs and arms to burn the calories , to lose the layer of fat , " he said . "  I do n't want to plateau and have a two-pack . " Many fitness fanatics do the same exercises and never see improvements because they plateau , said Avedon , a trainer in Sunrise , Florida . "  In the gym , you need to change the factors of what you 're doing , " he said . "  If you 're doing heavy weights and lower reps , you can change to more moderate weights and moderate repetitions . You can change exercises , do different types of cardio . It 's creating change . The body adapts to change quickly and responds really well when you hit a plateau . " At the same time , some people have difficulty getting a six pack , because of elevated levels of cortisol which can lead to belly fat , said Avedon , author of "  Muscle Chow : More Than 150 Meals to Feed Your Muscles and Fuel Your Workouts . " "  You 've got to make sure the cortisol level is not elevated , " he said . "  One way is proper sleep and reducing stress . " Before blaming hormones for flab , Avedon warned , "  you really need to make sure you 're doing all the right things first . So many people do n't take accountability . " The good news for Dinant is that the hardest part is getting the initial six pack and afterwards , it gets easier . "  There 's a big learning curve , " Avedon said . "  Granted there are people who can eat pizza and can get a six-pack . For people struggling to get a six pack , you learn to eat properly , get in a gym and be consistent . You know what you need to do . Definitely , it would be easier to maintain it and more difficult to obtain it in the beginning . "	iReporter Jason Dinant on a quest for six-pack abs has sweet tooth binge Men 's Health model and fitness expert said falling off wagon is OK if temporary Dinant reports that so far , his abs are looking more like a four-pack He eats 16 egg whites , 1 1/4 pounds of meat , 4 cups of veggies , potatoes , rice a day
CNN  -- Four bodies with gunshot wounds were found in a southern Indiana home late Saturday night , authorities said . Officials are investigating their deaths as a quadruple homicide , Bartholomew County Sheriff Mark Gorbett said . No suspect is in custody . "  We 've been working around the clock and will continue to do so until we can bring those responsible to justice , " Gorbett said Sunday . Three men were found dead in the living room , and a woman was found dead in the bedroom , Gorbett said . They were identified as Aaron Cross , 41 , Shawn Burton , 41 , Thomas Smith , 39 , and Katherine Burton , 53 , CNN affiliate WXIN reported , citing Gorbett . The bodies were found in Waynesville , about halfway between Indianapolis and Louisville , Kentucky .	Authorities "  working around the clock " to find those responsible Three males and a female were found dead in the Waynesville house No suspect is in custody , the sheriff says
Washington  CNN  -- Republican Speaker of the House John Boehner drew a hard line in the sand this week , renewing a battle over the debt ceiling unless President Barack Obama agreed to significant budget cuts during what may be a lame-duck session after the November elections . This could set the stage for a dire scenario that threatens to bring the government to a crawl by Christmas . But brinksmanship tactics from both sides are not new -- in fact , they are all too commonplace on both sides in this Congress as the value of the compromise among moderate voices has all but disappeared . And it appears many voters want it that way . Fiscal cliff : What you need to know What may be different today is that , as the country looks around for reasonable , moderate statesmen and women on both sides to go behind closed the doors and broker a deal , their choices are becoming more limited . Congressional moderates , it seems , are a dying breed . Where once such names as Bob Packwood and Ted Kennedy in the Senate symbolized bipartisan compromise in Congress , today the slow end of the compromiser has been hastened in part by frustrated voters who in polls say they are tired of political infighting and legislative gridlock . But these are often the same voters have recently shoved aside longtime moderates in favor of more extreme candidates . Just ask U.S. Sen. Dick Lugar of Indiana , the centrist Republican who after 35 years in office was defeated by tea party favorite Richard Mourdock last week in the GOP primary . Or discouraged Maine moderate Sen. Olympia Snowe , who is retiring this year after being frustrated with the lack of compromise in the Senate . Or any of the Blue Dog Democrats who were voted out in 2010 . "  The electorate is frustrated . They are clearly unhappy . The response is to vote for those who stand up and say ` I 'm not like the rest of these guys , ' " said Norman Ornstein , a resident scholar at the American Enterprise Institute and co-author of the book "  It 's Even Worse Than It Looks : How the American Constitutional System Collided With the New Politics of Extremism . " Senate 's all-day budget debate dominated by politics Congress has a 78 % disapproval rating , according to an analysis by Real Clear Politics . The distaste for Beltway politics has been demonstrated in recent elections across the country where moderates were ousted in favor of candidates who vowed to take a tougher line on upholding party values . Mourdock 's Facebook page boasts a string of congratulatory nods from conservatives and an ominous warning from those who voted for him . "  Remember to represent the State of Indiana not forgetting us , and what we Hoosiers stand for , " voter Roger Smith wrote . "  Dick Lugar forgot we are the Bible-belt Hoosier Christian values , and that we believe in our Constitution which he took an oath to uphold and defend but instead did his best to destroy . " Lugar backed portions of the Obama administration 's energy and immigration agenda and even supported the president 's Supreme Court choices . When he lost a recent primary battle to the far more ideologically rigid Mourdock , Lugar fired off a statement harshly criticizing the increasingly polarized political climate . "  If that attitude prevails in American politics , our government will remain mired in the dysfunction we have witnessed during the last several years , " Lugar wrote . Avlon : Grow up , Congress -- make a deal on debt Snowe grew so fed up with the current climate in Washington that she decided not to run for a fourth term . Sen. Ben Nelson , D-Nebraska ; Sen. Joe Lieberman , I-Connecticut ; Sen. Jim Webb , D-Virginia ; Sen. Kent Conrad , D-North Dakota ; and Sen. Jeff Bingaman , D-New Mexico , are centrist-leaning lawmakers who are also retiring . "  People are just stunned by the debilitating partisanship , polarization and the overall dysfunction of the institution and political paralysis as we come , you know , to the point of extreme when it comes to resolving the problems facing our country , " a frustrated Snowe told CNN in February . "  It 's become an all or nothing proposition and that failure has eroded the public 's confidence about the direction of this country and about governing institutions to be at the front lines of solving these problems . " In states and districts that slightly favor one party and have been traditionally represented by moderates from the opposite party , the very lawmakers viewed as "  problem solvers " are tossed out in favor of those who promise change , Ornstein said . During the 2010 midterm elections , for instance , roughly half of the 50 Blue Dogs , a group of moderate Democrats who largely hail from conservative leaning Southern and Midwestern districts , were voted out of office . Former U.S. Rep. Jim Marshall , D-Georgia , knows the perils of such trends all too well . Despite his reputation as one of the most fiscally conservative Blue Dog Democrats -- he voted against and promised to help reform the health care reform law -- Marshall was unable to fend off a 2010 challenge in his Republican-leaning district by Austin Scott , who was backed by the tea party . "  It 's difficult for Congress to draft legislation that makes sense for America because we are ideologically driven on both sides , " Marshall said . "  It 's really difficult for these folks to come together for a compromise . You 'll hear members say , ' I have to watch my base . ' " The current era of partisanship was ushered in by former House Speaker Newt Gingrich , Ornstein said . Although the former Republican presidential candidate would say he and former President Bill Clinton cut deals that led to a record budget surplus and the biggest economic boom in modern American history , many say the Georgia Republican 's ideologically unyielding , take-no-prisoners brand of leadership ushered in an era of heel-digging politics that persists to this day . But ideological stubbornness may be just one ingredient in the recipe for congressional paralysis . Throw in congressional redistricting , which has made it more difficult for moderates to run and win . Judicial nominations are stalled . Legislation that sails through the House is often dead on arrival in the Senate . Even issues that appear to have bipartisan support -- such as capping student loan interest rates -- get stuck in the goo of Congress . Next , add primary rule changes that only allow registered party members to vote and a polarized electorate whose grassroots efforts have put tremendous pressure on lawmakers to stay true to a more narrow interpretation of party values . Then sweeten it with the rise of more partisan-leaning media that allows voters to only consume news skewed to their own political views . The result : danger for moderates on both sides of the aisle . "  You put all of that together , and you have a toxic stew , " Ornstein said . "  It 's deeply rooted . It metastasizes into states where the extreme elements are getting stronger . "	Many moderates in Congress are either leaving office or being voted out The looming battle over the debt ceiling is an opportunity for a compromise that may not happen Most Americans have a negative view of Congress and its inability to get things done
CNN  -- The recession means competition in pro football this year is n't restricted to the gridiron . The National Football League and its 32 teams also are battling for the consumer 's discretionary spending dollars . Less-established NFL teams , such as the Jacksonville Jaguars , face special challenges in the recession . And just like on the playing field , some teams are having an easier time scoring an economic touchdown than others . "  Overall ticket sales are very positive but difficult in these challenging times , " NFL spokesman Brian McCarthy said in a statement . He did not provide overall ticket sales numbers for the current season . The league is coming off a year that saw overall attendance drop slightly , 0.7 percent , from 2007 amid the start of the economic slowdown . Bill Prescott , a Jacksonville Jaguars vice president and the team 's chief financial officer , said the team started to see the impact of the recession last year , when single-game ticket sales and concession revenue dropped as the season progressed . Heading into this season , he said , sales are off even more than the team expected -- new ticket sales are down 75 percent from last year and season ticket renewals are down 10 percent . No Jaguar games are sold out , despite a recent survey by The Media Audit that found 76 percent of adults in Jacksonville , Florida , regularly follow the Jaguars -- the fifth-best percentage of any NFL market . "  The economy is having that impact on us , " Prescott said . "  As a very small market , I think we 're feeling it more than some of the other teams in the league . " The Minnesota Vikings also have yet to sell out any of their games , though the team expects that could change with the recent high-profile signing of quarterback Brett Favre . Within a day of Favre 's signing , the Vikings had sold an additional 3,000 season tickets and 10,000 single-game tickets . "  The economy 's affecting all professional sports teams , " said Steve LaCroix , the Vikings ' vice president of sales and marketing . "  We 're not only competing for people 's time and money , but trying to keep the fans in the stadium on game day as opposed to watching on TV . " LaCroix said there were n't a large number of cancellations in season ticket holder accounts . However , some fans did trim down the number of seats in their respective accounts . LaCroix added some are coming back on board as the season approaches . The Cincinnati Bengals are getting nationwide exposure through the HBO reality series "  Hard Knocks , " which chronicles the team 's training camp and preparation for the upcoming season . However , the Bengals ' streak of 44 straight sellouts , a franchise record , is at risk , according to spokesman Jim Brennan . The Bengals ' September 13 home opener against Denver is not sold out yet . Some teams , however , are more than holding their own as far as ticket sales go despite the nation 's fiscal woes . The Denver Broncos are sold out for the 40th straight year -- dating back to the first game of the 1970 season , according to spokesman Jim Saccomano . And Chicago Bears spokesman Scott Hagel says the team is sold out for the 25th straight season . He adds the season ticket renewal rate is well over 90 percent , on par with the prior decade . According to league spokesman McCarthy , 24 of the NFL 's 32 teams did not raise ticket prices from last year . One of the teams that did is the Indianapolis Colts , which bumped up the cost of 10 percent of its season ticket holder seats , according to team spokesman Craig Kelley . All games are sold out . Two factors working in the Colts ' favor -- they have a new stadium that opened last season and the team has been a perennial contender for the past decade . In order to try and offset the impact the economy has on the game , McCarthy said teams have created more options and flexibility for fans in order to help them afford tickets . Among those options are half-season ticket plans , such as the ones offered by the Jaguars and the New York Jets . "  We knew some season ticket holders because of the economy would n't be able to afford to come to all 10 games  including the preseason  , " said the Jaguars ' Prescott . The half-season plan has been very popular , he said . "  We wanted to make as many products available to them whether they could come to one game , two games or with the half package we 've bundled five games in each package so they can come for half a season . " Prescott said the team is also considering introducing a package where fans can purchase tickets for a few games of their choice . David Carter , executive director of the USC Sports Business Institute , thinks the best way for teams to limit the recession 's impact on ticket sales is to offer exemplary customer service . "  These fans need to feel as though they 're having a great time and they 're getting value for their money , " said Carter . "  If they 're able to do that , they will justify continuing to spend on the NFL , because every game matters . They want to be part of the continuity of the NFL season . " Carter believes the league has to fight the recession on two fronts . He says the first is the pricing of seats to everyday fans -- especially those in markets where the demand is n't as keen as the NFL would like . The second challenge is corporate resistance . "  You have those that have traditionally purchased seats or acquired sponsorships taking a long look at whether they want to be involved this year or not , and a lot of corporate budgets are already in bed for the rest of the year , " explained Carter . Still , Carter believes the NFL may be well-equipped to weather the economic storm , thanks in large part to timing . "  There 's a general feel that things are picking up in the economy , and I think that 's going to bode well for them over time . They may have survived this downturn a little better than the other leagues . " Matt Gonter has been a Washington Redskins season ticket holder for the past five years . He said he briefly considered whether to cancel his subscription heading into this year but decided against it -- citing the team 's long waiting list to get season tickets . "  I swore to myself if I ever got Redskins season tickets , I 'd do everything in my power to keep them , " Gonter said . However , he did turn down an option to upgrade to different seats and a parking pass , saying he would have considered it in years past but not under the current economic climate . He also might sell his tickets for certain games online . "  I 'm thinking of going on StubHub and selling a couple of tickets . I eat so much of the cost for the preseason tickets , because you have to pay full price for those , " Gonter said . One ticket for an NFL game this year on the secondary ticket seller goes for an average of $ 151 , compared with $ 156 at this time a year ago . Four-year Cleveland Browns season ticket holder Zeke Paster held on to his subscription and plans to make cutbacks instead when it comes to concessions and tailgating costs . However , he may get rid of some of his tickets before the season is over . "  If they 're not doing well , I would maybe try to sell the tickets for some of the cold weather games , " Paster said . Paster and Gonter admit surrendering their season ticket packages for good would be a painful decision . "  The atmosphere is unmatched , " Paster said . "  There 's nothing like being in the stadium or in the parking lot when the Browns are doing well . " Gonter says the camaraderie is worth the cost . "  I just like the experience of sitting in the parking lot under a tent , tailgating , drinking beer and then going to the game and having a good time watching the Redskins . "	For Jacksonville Jaguars , ticket sales off more than expected Cincinnati Bengals and Minnesota Vikings also looking to score more sales Denver Broncos and Chicago Bears holding the line despite recession Sports expert says NFL 's best weapon would be exemplary customer service
Monterrey , Mexico  CNN  -- Dozens died and 30 inmates escaped during a weekend prison riot in northern Mexico , an official said Monday . The prison 's director and 18 guards have been removed from their positions and are under investigation , Nuevo Leon Gov. Rodrigo Medina told reporters . "  There is no doubt that without the help of prison officials , it would have been very hard to make this escape . ... For us , it is difficult to confirm that the betrayal , corruption and complicity of a few can hinder the work of good police , soldiers and sailors who risk their lives daily for the security of Nuevo Leon 's residents , " he said . Authorities are offering a reward of 10 million pesos  about $ 788,000  for information leading to the escapees ' capture , Medina said . Preliminary reports indicate the escapees were members of the Zetas drug cartel , he said . A fierce rivalry between drug cartels likely fueled the fighting that killed 44 people Sunday inside the prison in Apodaca , Nuevo Leon , state security spokesman Jorge Domene told reporters . At least two Zetas leaders , including the suspected head of the cartel in the nearby industrial city of Monterrey , were among the prisoners who escaped , according to Mexican military records . Prisoners could have used the riot to engineer their breakout , Domene said Sunday . He did not say how prisoners inside acquired the clubs , stones and sharp objects they used in the fighting . Earlier Sunday , Domene said inmates had taken a guard hostage as clashes broke out at the prison . Some prisoners also set mattresses ablaze , sending smoke rising above the facility , he said . Federal and state police surrounded the prison as anxious family members awaited information outside its gates . The clashes , which occurred in a part of the prison where most inmates were serving time for federal drug trafficking offenses , might have begun as a fight between the Zetas and Gulf cartels , Domene said . The Zetas started with deserters from the Mexican Army and quickly gained a reputation for ruthless violence as the armed branch of Mexico 's Gulf cartel . The partnership ended in 2010 , and turf battles between the rival cartels are common in northern Mexico . State officials have asked Mexico 's interior ministry to transfer inmates connected with federal offenses out of the prison , which has become significantly overcrowded as authorities crack down on organized crime , Medina said Monday . The Apodaca prison was housing about 3,000 prisoners at the time of Sunday 's riot , Domene said Sunday . Last year , 14 inmates were killed and 35 people were injured in a fire in the prison 's psychiatric ward . Nearly half of Mexico 's 428 penitentiary centers are overcrowded , according to federal police statistics . After more than 350 people died in a fire in a Honduran prison last week , a United Nations official said widespread overcrowding was one factor behind a recent wave of violence in Latin American prisons . "  These events reflect an alarming pattern of prison violence in the region , which is a direct consequence of -- or aggravated by -- a range of endemic problems including chronic prison overcrowding , the lack of access to basic services such as adequate floor space , potable water , food , health care and lack of basic sanitary and hygienic standards , " Rupert Colville , a spokesman for the high commissioner for human rights , said in a statement . In Mexico , prison expert Jose Luis Musi said conditions remain ripe for more violence . "  There are many factors , " he said . "  There is overpopulation , there is complicity and there is a lack of security . " CNN 's Rey Rodriguez in Mexico City , journalist Victor Badillo in Monterrey and CNNMexico.com contributed to this report .	NEW : A Zetas cartel leader is among the escapees , officials say Authorities are offering a reward for information leading to their capture The prison 's director and 18 guards are under investigation 44 people were killed in clashes at the northern Mexico prison Sunday
CNN  -- A former drug dealer was executed in Texas on Wednesday night for the murders of two reputed gang members -- 15 years to the day after the crime . Texas death row inmate Frank Moore says he acted in self-defense when he shot and killed two in 1994 . Frank Moore , 49 , was pronounced dead at 7:21 p.m. ET , a spokeswoman for the Texas Department of Criminal Justice said . "  Self-defense is not capital murder , " Moore said before the lethal injection began , echoing his unsuccessful claims to the courts to prevent his execution . Moore did not deny firing the fatal shots outside a San Antonio bar but insisted he acted in self-defense and did not deserve to die . Moore was the second death row inmate to be executed in 2009 . He spoke at length with CourtTVnews.com in 2007 . Samuel Boyd and Patrick Clark were shot multiple times in the head and chest early in the morning of January 21 , 1994 , outside the Wheels of Joy bar . "  They came with intentions to kill me , " Moore said in the interview . "  It was a do-or-die situation . " But no witnesses ever came forward at trial to corroborate Moore 's self-defense claims . Prosecutors contended that Moore , a long-time gang member with a lengthy rap sheet dating back to his teens , shot the two in cold blood to assert his authority after a shoving match broke out in the bar , according to court records . A Bexar County jury convicted Moore and sentenced him to death , but his conviction was reversed in 1998 after the Texas Court of Criminal Appeals found error in the trial court 's refusal to give the jury the option of convicting Moore of a lesser offense . Even so , Moore was convicted and sentenced to death at his second trial in 1999 . Moore insisted he acted in self-defense when he opened fire on Boyd , 23 , and Clark , 15 , at a bar near the housing projects where Moore admitted he sold crack cocaine and weapons . But it was not until 2006 that a private investigator , who once worked against Moore and his fellow gangsters , came forward with information that Moore said corroborated his self-defense claims . Warren Huel , a retired Navy Seal who was in charge of the private security firm that oversaw the projects , was the first peace officer on the scene , arriving about 45 minutes before the San Antonio Police Department , according to an affidavit . During that time , Huel said he spoke with witnesses who reported that Boyd and Clark shot at Moore first from inside the car after trying to run him over , according to the affidavit . Witnesses also told Huel that they had seen the victims ' relatives remove their weapons from the car before police arrived , Huel stated in the affidavit . When Huel attempted to share the information with San Antonio Police , he says the officers told him to forget everything he had seen and learned , he said in an affidavit . "  I was told that did not matter , as they already had Frank Moore , the murder weapon and an eyewitness , " Huel stated in his affidavit . "  I was told Moore was a dope dealer and had to go to jail . " Since then , three others have come forward claiming they witnessed the shootings , providing similar details , said Moore 's lawyer , David Sergi . "  Unfortunately , people from the street did n't come forward to testify at the time of the trial , " he said . "  The problem is , the law does n't allow for a change of circumstances . " The Texas State Attorney 's Office argued that Moore 's claims should be dismissed because the evidence had always been available , and was not the "  newly discovered " evidence the law requires . A lower court sided with the state , prompting Moore to appeal to the 5th Circuit Court of Appeals . On Monday , the court declined to hear his claims , making the U.S. Supreme Court Moore 's last chance for a reprieve . The justices remained silent on the matter .	Frank Moore pronounced dead at 7:21 p.m. ET in Huntsville , Texas Moore shot Samuel Boyd , Patrick Clark multiple times outside bar in 1994 Moore says he acted in self-defense after the men shot at him , tried to run him over Supreme Court declined to issue stay of execution
NEW YORK  CNN  -- The air was declared clean , but the carcinogen asbestos was found in dust and debris hurled into midtown Manhattan by a steam pipe explosion the day before , New York City announced Thursday . A steam pipe burst in midtown Manhattan during rush hour Wednesday . The city 's Department of Emergency Management will continue to test the debris after finding asbestos in six of 10 samples , according to a statement from the city 's Office of Emergency Management . "  People who may  have come  into contact with the steam or debris should take a shower and place their clothes in plastic bags for cleaning or disposal , " the statement said . Asbestos is a fibrous mineral used to insulate pipes . Longterm exposure can cause allergies , skin problems and cancer . The 6 p.m. blast , which sent sent plumes of smoke and ash into the air around Grand Central Terminal , killed a woman and injured at least 44 , according to authorities and local hospitals . Watch an I-Reporter 's video of "  volcano " in street " Lois Baumerich , of Hawthorne , New Jersey , died of cardiac arrest , New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg said . Three firefighters and a police officer were treated on the scene for minor injuries , according to a New York Fire Department spokesman . Bellevue Hospital Center received 14 patients , including Baumerich , hospital Administrator Larry Dugan said . New York Presbyterian Hospital said it received 27 injured people , 25 of whom were treated and released . As of Thursday , one person was listed in critical condition and another in serious . The area encompassed by 40th and 43rd streets and Vanderbilt and Third avenues was "  frozen " because of the asbestos threat . Map of blast site " Those in that zone are allowed to stay in the area , but should use caution . No one will be allowed to enter the zone , the Office of Emergency Management said . "  People inside buildings in the frozen zone should keep windows closed and switch air conditioners to recirculate the air inside instead of drawing in air from outside , " the office said . Also , parts of Lexington Avenue , Third Avenue , Park Avenue , 42nd Street and Vanderbilt Avenue will be closed to traffic . Subway lines near the explosion were initially rerouted to bypass Grand Central Terminal , but the Metropolitan Transportation Authority said Thursday the subway infrastructure was not damaged . Bloomberg told reporters the pipe that exploded was installed in 1924 . "  There was cold water getting into the pipe , and cold water apparently causes these to explode , " the mayor said . "  It might have been bursts of cold water from the rain or because of another water main break . " Hundreds of people frantically fled the scene as police , fire and utility officials converged on the area around the blast , which left a crater 25 feet wide and 15 feet deep , according to utility provider Con Edison . More than 170 firefighters were dispatched to the site , the fire department said . Blast leaves massive crater " "  The ground was literally shaking under your feet , " New York police Deputy Commission Paul Browne said . Video from the scene showed steam and mud erupting from underground . A small school bus had its windows and one of its doors blown out . One witness , former CNN reporter Adaora Udoji , described the scene as "  pandemonium . " Within about 20 minutes , she said , authorities had the entire area locked down . "  It felt like an earthquake . We saw hundreds and hundreds of people running down Third Avenue , " she said . "  They were screaming , they were crying . " The New York Times reported that the rush-hour blast sent up a geyser of steam , mud and rust-colored gunk , and displaced chunks of pavement in one of the busiest parts of the city . Pedestrians scrambled to flee the blast -- some running out of their shoes -- as those working in the skyscrapers pelted with debris looked down in horror , the newspaper reported , comparing the aftermath of the blast to a hailstorm . Some witnesses said the jet of steam roared like Niagara Falls , The New York Times reported . Carol Bergendale , who witnessed the blast , told WABC that commuters in the area began driving in the wrong direction to get away . Despite initial fears , Browne said the blast had nothing to do with terrorism , and the FBI said there was nothing suspicious about the blast . In August of 1989 , three people died related to a steam pipe explosion in Gramercy Park . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Amy Sahba and Katy Byron contributed to this report .	NEW : At least 44 injured in blast , including some police officers , firefighters NEW : New Jersey woman died from cardiac arrest , mayor says No asbestos in air , but it was detected in six of 10 samples of dust , debris Department of Environmental Protection will continue to test debris
CNN  -- Rory McIlroy 's grip on the world number one spot in golf loosened Friday after a disastrous seven-over-par 79 at the European Tour 's PGA Championship at Wentworth saw the Northern Irishman miss the cut . McIlroy had cut a frustrated and angry figure during an opening 74 , but after a solid start to his second round he dropped a string of shots on the back nine . It opens the door for England 's Luke Donald , who needs to finish in the top-eight in the Tour 's flagship event to reclaim top spot . Donald , who is the defending champion , carded a second straight 68 to share second place on eight-under-par with Scot David Drysdale . They both trail runaway leader James Morrison who carded a superb eight-under 64 in calmer morning conditions to lead at halfway on 12-under 132 . McIlroy faced an uphill battle to make the cut , but had recovered to stand one-under for the day through the seventh . But a double bogey on the eighth started the rot and he proceeded to card five straight bogeys and another double bogey on the 15th . For the 23-year-old , who also missed the cut at the Players Championship on the PGA Tour , it is hardly ideal preparation for his defense of the U.S. Open title next month . "  It 's been a week I 'd like to forget . It 's not nice to play like this and not nice two weeks in a row . Maybe it 's a good thing I have two days off to practice and I 'm looking to getting back to the States next week , " he told gathered reporters . Donald , who can benefit the most from McIlroy 's implosion , insisted that repeating his 2011 success on the Surrey course was his first priority . "  To be honest , the focus is always to try and win the tournament , " he told the official European Tour website . Morrison , who lives nearby , is looking to add to his 2010 Madeira Open success and finished in fine style with an eagle . A fine all-round sportsman , he played in the England under-17 cricket team with current Test players Alastair Cook and Tim Bresnan , but has never regretted turning to golf full time . "  Playing golf is better than standing in the field all day , " he jokingly told reporters . Peter Lawrie of Ireland and Spain 's Alvaro Quiros shared fourth spot on seven-under . World No. 3 Lee Westwood was among a number of star players to struggle in blustery afternoon conditions and was right on the cut line at one-over 145 .	Rory McIlroy misses cut at European Tour 's PGA Championship at Wentworth McIlroy slumps to a second round seven-over 79 on the West Course Luke Donald in joint second after second straight 68 James Morrison leads the way after superb second round 64
CNN  -- Mark Engle saw thick smoke billow through the air outside his Colorado home on Tuesday . From a window , he watched deer grazing in his backyard , driven out of the forest by flames that have devoured thousands of acres of land only a few miles away . His children 's backpacks were placed by the door , stuffed with their favorite toys . His family is packed and ready to leave in a hurry , Engle said . But they want to stay put , even though authorities have ordered residents in the area to evacuate . Only three to four miles away from the home he shares with his wife and three children , a fast-moving wildfire has consumed nearly 43,500 acres in northern Colorado . The flames , which authorities said were caused by lightning , have destroyed more than 100 structures and left one person dead . "  There 's a number of people like myself ,  for whom  packing up and leaving when you have livestock and animals just is n't as easy as if you have just a house , " Engle said . He 'd like to think he wo n't have to . Firefighters gained some control Tuesday , especially on the eastern flank , Larimer County Sheriff 's Office spokesman John Schulz said . President Barack Obama telephoned Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper on Tuesday and said his administration is already making personnel , equipment and federal grants available to the state , said White House spokesman Josh Earnest . As of Tuesday , there were 40 fire engines and 17 fire crews battling the blaze , said Bill Hahnenberg , the incident commander . Officials want to increase that to 100 engines and 34 crews by Wednesday , Hahnenberg said . First measured at two acres early Saturday , the High Park Fire has grown exponentially in the time since , including more than doubling in size Sunday and again overnight into Monday . But the nearby flames were n't Engle 's most immediate concern . Police roadblocks prevented his family from getting supplies , he said . "  Even if we leave to get a gallon of milk they wo n't let us back in , " he said . Engle said he and his neighbors feel frustrated that there is no leeway . "  I parked on the side of the road and walked up to the officers to discuss whether or not I could pack up my animals and move them out then come back , " he said . "  But they told me if I leave , bar none , I would not be allowed to return . " Engle said the officers told him if he crossed the line , his wife and children would "  just have to figure their own way out . " "  They even told me it was a good thing I parked where I did because if I 'd crossed I would n't be able to go back , " he said . Schulz , the sheriff 's spokesman , said he can sympathize with residents ' frustration , but that it would be "  irresponsible " to allow anyone into an evacuated area . Photos : Northern Colorado fire rages on He said the evacuation orders are mandatory , though the police wo n't force anyone to leave their home . "  If after we 've evacuated the area and then they decide they 're going to run to the store and get groceries and come back , well , no , " he said . "  We 're not going to force you to leave , but once you 're out you 're not getting back in because we believe that area is unsafe . " The department does have special teams to go into evacuated areas -- when there is no eminent danger -- to retrieve livestock or essential items like medication that have been left behind , he said . "  If they do n't leave , there is likely not going to be anybody available to come help them when the fire is on them , " he said . "  And we 're not going to put firefighters or deputies at risk trying to come back into an area to save them . " One person has died in the fire : a 62-year-old woman identified by family members as Linda Steadman . Her body was found inside her burned home . The "  mother , grandmother , sister and wife perished in the cabin she loved , " the family said . A pre-evacuation is under way in an area covering at least 89 more homes , said Nick Christensen , executive officer of the sheriff 's office . That means residents are being asked to prepare for an evacuation if one is ordered . Some of those evacuated Monday could do nothing but watch as firefighters doused the dry , hilly terrain , hoping their homes would be saved . But Kyle Ellis knew it was too late for his house . He struggled to tell his young daughter why the fire moved so quickly , why they no longer had a house to go home to , CNN affiliate KUSA reported . "  Fire burns real fast , real hot , real dry , " he said . He kissed the young girl on the cheek and told her she would get a new home . Are wildfires near you ? Share your photos and video on CNN iReport , but please stay safe . CNN 's Greg Morrison contributed to this report .	NEW : President Obama calls Colorado governor to pledge resources to fight fire Some residents stay home , despite evacuation orders The fire now stretches 43,433 acres , or nearly 68 square miles One woman "  perished in the cabin she loved , " her family says
CNN  -- With the 20th anniversary of "  Friends " coming up in September , this might be the best cast reunion we 're going to get . On "  Jimmy Kimmel Live " Wednesday night , host Kimmel concocted a small get-together between Jennifer Aniston , Courteney Cox and Lisa Kudrow . With Aniston as his guest , Kimmel admitted to being a huge "  Friends " follower in the '90s -- so much so that he 's even written some fan fiction . In Kimmel 's version of the NBC sitcom , he 's Ross , and Rachel  Aniston  , Monica  Cox  and Phoebe  Kudrow  ca n't stop talking about his impressive "  lovemaking . " It may sound dumb -- especially since Monica and Ross were siblings on "  Friends " -- but as Kimmel replied to Aniston 's criticism , "  Is it dumber than living in a huge apartment in New York City for eight years , even though you work at a coffee shop ? " Point taken . Before long , Aniston and Kimmel 's re-enactment of "  Friends " -- on a replica of the set , no less -- was boosted by the appearances of Cox and Kudrow . Where were their male co-stars , Matt LeBlanc  who played Joey  and Matthew Perry  who played Chandler  ? Kimmel had them killed off . But as the 20th anniversary of the debut of "  Friends " nears -- the pilot episode aired September 22 , 1994 -- longtime devotees may not be satisfied with one-half of the cast making an appearance . Yet the actors themselves , from Aniston and LeBlanc to Kudrow , have warned fans to lower their expectations . In April , Cox told David Letterman that a full "  Friends " reunion was pretty unlikely , considering she could n't even get all of the stars in one place for dinner . "  It 's not gon na happen , " Cox told the "  Late Show " host . "  I 've been trying to put together a cast dinner for 10 years . It does n't happen . I can get the girls to come , maybe Matthew Perry . Matt LeBlanc canceled last time right at the last minute ,  David  Schwimmer lives here  in New York  . ... So it 's not gon na happen . " In the meantime , at least there will be a Central Perk pop-up shop .	Jimmy Kimmel reunited some of the stars of "  Friends " on Wednesday Jennifer Aniston , Lisa Kudrow and Courteney Cox played along in a mock scene Kimmel joked he "  killed off " their co-stars Matt LeBlanc and Matthew Perry The 20th anniversary of "  Friends ' " debut is in September
CNN  -- Former U.S. Sen. and Republican presidential candidate Rick Santorum has a well-known Google problem . For the uninitiated , if you Google Santorum 's name , the first result you 'll probably get is not his personal website but a fake definition of "  santorum , " a sexual byproduct that 's a bit too graphic to talk about in detail here .  Of course , you can Google him and easily find out . We 'll get into how that all happened in a second , but here 's what 's new : On Tuesday , the socially conservative politician lashed out at Google , saying the company could get rid of the sexual references to his name on the search results if it wanted to -- and perhaps would do so if he were a Democrat . "  I suspect if something was up there like that about Joe Biden , they 'd get rid of it , " he told Politico . "  If you 're a responsible business , you do n't let things like that happen in your business that have an impact on the country . " He continued : "  To have a business allow that type of filth to be purveyed through their website or through their system is something that they say they ca n't handle , but I suspect that 's not true . " Santorum contacted Google and asked the company about the issue , Politico said . In an e-mail to CNN , a Google spokeswoman said , "  Google 's search results are a reflection of the content and information that is available on the Web . Users who want content removed from the Internet should contact the webmaster of the page directly . Once the webmaster takes the page down from the Web , it will be removed from Google 's search results through our usual crawling process . " She added : "  We do not remove content from our search results , except in very limited cases such as illegal content and violations of our webmaster guidelines . " Santorum is just the latest to gripe at Google over how it ranks search results . The CEO of Yelp posted a blog Tuesday saying that Google purposefully ranks its own products -- like Google Places -- above its competitors . "  We believe Google has acted anti-competitively in at least two key ways : by misusing Yelp review content in their competing Places product and by favoring their own competing Places product in search results , " Yelp 's Jeremy Stoppelman wrote . Google CEO Eric Schmidt was scheduled to testify before Congress on Wednesday about similar antitrust complaints . The lewd "  santorum " definition popped up after the former senator compared homosexuality to pedophilia and bestiality in a 2003 interview with The Associated Press : "  In every society , the definition of marriage has not ever to my knowledge included homosexuality , " he said . "  That 's not to pick on homosexuality . It 's not , you know , man on child , man on dog , or whatever the case may be . " That angered gay rights supporters , including gay podcast host and sex columnist Dan Savage , who launched a campaign for his listeners to redefine Santorum 's name . Savage created a website to promote the winning definition  again , you 'll have to search for that elsewhere  , and enough bloggers linked to it that the spoof site eventually eclipsed Santorum 's campaign website in search rankings . Danny Sullivan , who writes at the blog SearchEngineLand , notes that Google has a history of being hands-off when it comes to these controversies , regardless of the politics or sensitivities involved : "  Google is loathe to touch its results in any way , shape or form . That 's because if it does intervene in any way , there 's some interest group that will immediately claim a bias . Way back in 2004 , an anti-Jewish web site started ranking in Google 's top results for ` Jew . ' "  Despite Google co-founder Sergey Brin being Jewish and himself disgusted with the result , it stood . Intervention , when Google 's ranking algorithms had spoken , was seen as harmful to user trust , " Sullivan writes . In December 2009 , when racist images of first lady Michelle Obama popped to the top of Google search results , the company took a similar free-speech stance . "  We have a bias toward free expression , " Google spokesman Scott Rubin said at the time . "  That means that some ugly things will show up . " Still , Google has removed offensive content from searches , usually by making changes to how its overall search equations function . In 2007 , for example , a change to Google 's search algorithm stopped the search term "  miserable failure " from directing Internet users to pages about former president George W. Bush , according to SearchEngineLand . It 's worth noting that some of these Internet weirdnesses have shown up on other search engines , too , not just on Google . What do you think about the Santorum situation ? Should Google make changes ? Or is the company right to stand by the way its equations rank Web pages against each other , by trying to judge their relevance ?	Politico : Rick Santorum asks Google to change the search results for his name A reference to a sex byproduct shows up high in search results for "  santorum " A sex columnist created a spoof site to draw searchers away from Santorum 's page Googe typically does not alter its search results because of content
CNN  -- A burger grown in a laboratory . Sounds like science-fiction ? Well up until very recently it probably was but now the prospect of lab-grown meat appearing on our supermarket shelves is closer than ever . Synthetic or test-tube meat involves taking a small amount of cells from a living animal and growing it into lumps of muscle tissue in the lab , which can then , in theory , be eaten as meat for human consumption . As well avoiding killing animals , scientists believe it could help reduce the environmental impact of meat production . The technology to create artificial meat has been around since the turn of the century -- NASA once looked into developing it for their astronauts -- but making an edible and commercially viable product has remained out of reach . It also remains to be seen whether consumers will accept it as an alternative to farm animal-based meat . But now a U.S. scientist says he is closer than ever to achieving the technological breakthrough . What 's more , he believes a market for his lab-grown meat does exist . Hungarian-born Gabor Forgacs , of the University of Missouri , is a specialist in tissue engineering , working to create replacement tissue and organs for humans . He realized the same technology could be used to engineer meat for human consumption . He became the first scientist in the United States to produce and publicly eat some of his tissue-engineered meat , at the 2011 TEDMED conference . His company , Modern Meadows , has already attracted a number of investors since being launched in 2011 , including , says Forgacs , funding from the U.S. Department of Agriculture . See also : 3-D printing : the shape of things to come Initially at least , his engineered meat is likely to be more of a "  niche " product , priced somewhere close to Kobe beef , which is currently around $ 125 - $ 395 a kilo . "  This product is n't going to be for the masses at the beginning , it 's going to be for eco-conscious people and people who do n't eat meat for ethical reasons , " says Forgacs . However , Forgacs is not the only scientist working on lab-grown meat . Dutch researchers , led by professor Mark Post of Maastricht University , are promising a high-profile launch for their synthetic hamburger by the end of the year . "  It 's not going to be as easy as some people imagine , " says Forgacs , and adds , "  I am not racing him  Mark Post  . " In fact , rather than attempt to race to produce an engineered meat product , Forgacs said his first lab-grown product is going to be leather , which he says "  is a similar product to some extents but not as controversial and does n't require the same legislation that meat does " . When it comes to producing meat , Forgacs says the most difficult part is creating muscle tissue that tastes , looks and feels like animal flesh . "  What the final outcome is going to be is difficult to predict , " says Forgacs . "  One thought is that it 'll be something like an ingredient to a lot of staples which are based on animal protein -- for example we make something which has the consistency of ground meat and that can be used for patÃ © , meatballs . "  Take the analogy of flour . You do n't eat flour , it 's not very tasty but you eat a zillion products that contain flour and are very yummy . Whether or not this is going to be a major application of our product I do n't know but this is definitely something I envisage it leading to . " See also : ` Scrambler software ' to protect phones from prying ears Forgacs says lab-grown meat is becoming increasingly necessary as the world struggles to cope with an unsustainable meat industry . As well as animal welfare concerns over rearing large numbers of farm animals in close proximity , the water use , farmland for animal feed , waste and greenhouse-gas emissions associated with meat production make it one of the most significant environmental problems in the world today . The U.N. Food and Agricultural Organization estimated that 18 % of global greenhouse emissions are accounted for by the livestock sector , and demand for meat is predicted to double over the next 40 years . Research from the University of Oxford , published last year , estimated that lab-grown meat produces 78-96 % lower greenhouse gas emissions than conventionally produced meat within the EU . It also had a 99 % lower land use and a 82-96 % lower water use . "  The rules of the game of meat production are not the same as they were 100 years ago , " says Forgacs . "  It 's not sustainable . We are destroying this planet with intensive meat production . Seventy percent of arable land today is one way or another connected to animals through grazing animals or growing food for them . We 're running out of it . " He adds : "  What we 're doing is a transformational idea . We 're going to produce something that is not exactly the same but it is going to be cost efficient and much less harmful to the environment . " What still remains uncertain is whether or not consumers will accept a lab-grown meat product . Neil Stephens , a sociologist from the Cesagen Centre at UK 's Cardiff University , has been studying the emergence of lab-grown meat and has interviewed a number of researchers working on the technology . "  Is this stuff really meat or something else ? " says Stephens . "  Some want it to be meat , and recognized like any other meat . Others think it is better to be seen as a new type of meat and as such OK to taste or look different . Then there is a minority who feel it is a meat substitute , very meat-like but not meat . " Without a product available for people to see , smell and taste , Stephens says it is difficult for any debate about how to classify it to move forward . "  If it ever becomes a marketable product it will still be a small one . It is not going to be plumped in the supermarket . It will take time to gain acceptability , " says Stephens . Many of the scientists working on lab-grown meat still see their research as marginal and are striving to get synthetic meat accepted as a reality , according to Stephens . Whatever the final outcome , lab-grown meat is no longer in the realm of science fiction . "  It is coming . There is no question that someone will hit it big and if we are the ones then so much the better , " says Forgacs .	U.S. scientist says he is close to creating commercially available meat in a laboratory Gabor Forgacs is taking cells from a living animal and growing them into muscle tissue His first lab-grown product is going to be leather Some experts question if there is a market for lab-grown meat
Libyan Prime Minister Ali Zeidan appealed for calm Thursday in his first public comments since he was freed after being abducted by militia gunmen for several hours . In remarks to a Cabinet meeting broadcast on Libyan state TV , Zeidan said he did not want to see the situation escalate and urged Libyans to show "  wisdom . " Zeidan 's abduction from a luxury hotel early Thursday highlighted the security threat posed by militias that have run rampant in Libya since the revolution that ousted Moammar Gadhafi two years ago . "  These types of groups exploit these types of gaps that exist in the country at the moment , given the fact that we are in the process of building our criminal justice system , " Libyan Foreign Minister Mohammed Abdelaziz told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour . But the prime minister appeared to play down his kidnapping , characterizing it as an internal political problem . "  I want to reassure the foreigners inside Libya that this issue happened within the context of political Libyan disagreements and the foreigners are not being targeted , " he said . Immediately after Zeidan 's release , Nouri Abusahmain , president of the Libyan General National Congress , said the prime minister was "  in good shape " and "  in good spirits " as he headed to his office . His abduction prompted a slew of confusing reports . Gunmen move in before dawn The gunmen took Zeidan before dawn from the Corinthia Hotel in Tripoli and put him into a convoy of waiting cars , according to a hotel clerk who was not authorized to speak to the media . The five-star hotel that Zeidan calls home is popular among government officials , some of whom reside there , including the justice minister . The witness reported no gunfire during the incident and said the gunmen were respectful and "  caused no trouble . " Zeidan 's office initially called the abduction a "  rumor " on its official Facebook page , but later posted an update that it was "  coerced by kidnappers to deny the report . " His spokesman told CNN that the prime minister was kidnapped . But the Operations Room of Libya 's Revolutionaries , the militia that took him , said it merely detained him over financial and administrative corruption charges . However , the Justice Ministry said there was no arrest warrant for Zeidan , calling the move a kidnapping . Abusahmain said the government was not aware of the charges and the prime minister was prepared to answer any questions . The militia works with the Interior Ministry -- a not altogether uncommon practice in Libya , which has tried unsuccessfully to rein in the many militia groups . Instead , various ministries have teamed up with them for their own needs , including providing security services . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry , on a visit to Malaysia , said he had spoken with U.S. Ambassador to Libya Deborah Jones and Washington as the situation in Libya evolved , and would stay in close touch . "  Our embassy personnel are secure . We 're confident about our abilities to keep them in that security , " Kerry said . The situation underscores "  something that we 've been really focused on in these last months , which is building capacity in Libya , " he added . It has been just over a year since U.S. envoy Christopher Stevens was killed in an attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi , Libya . British Foreign Secretary William Hague welcomed Zeidan 's release . "  We will work with Libyan government on ensuring the transition remains on track and insecurity is addressed , " he tweeted . Libya questions U.S. ambassador over al Libi capture Militias demand more autonomy In the eastern part of the country , militias are demanding more autonomy from the central government and have severely constrained Libya 's oil output , which is central to its export revenue . Last month , Zeidan said the nation is trying to rebuild after decades under Gadhafi 's rule . He shot down reports that Libya is a failed state . "  We are trying to create a state , and we are not ashamed of that , " he told CNN 's Amanpour . "  The outside world believes that Libya is failing , but Libya was destroyed by Gadhafi for 42 years , and was destroyed by a full year of civil war . And that 's why we are trying to rebuild it . " Part of Libya 's rebuilding involves reconciliation and accountability , Zeidan said last month . Libya has an interim president , but the prime minister holds all executive powers . Security an issue Armed militias have roamed the country largely unchecked since the 2011 ouster of Gadhafi . "  We are starting from scratch , and I think it will take time , " said Abdelaziz , the foreign minister . "  As long as we have a sustained support on the part of the international community , I think Libya will make it . " Rights groups have said security remains a principal concern in Libya . "  The main problem affecting both justice and security is that armed militias still maintain the upper hand , " Human Rights Watch said in a report last month . "  They have various agendas -- financial , territorial , political , religious -- and operate with impunity two years after the Gadhafi regime ended . Successive interim governments have failed to assert control over these militias , preferring to contract them as parallel forces to the army and police . " In a statement issued Thursday , the rights group said it was "  deeply troubled " by Zeidan 's detention , which it described as a clear violation of Libyan law . "  The incident highlights the grave security conditions in Libya today . Hopefully it will refocus attention on the urgent need to strengthen both the country 's security forces and its judicial systems , " it said . Recent attacks have added to the uncertainty in Libya . Gangs of armed men have surrounded key ministries , including the Justice Ministry , trying to force out members of the democratically elected government . Libyan Justice Minister Salah Marghani was forced to evacuate after armed militias surrounded his ministry in April . Libyan intelligence services have warned that the country is becoming a haven for al Qaeda to regroup and regenerate itself . Numerous weapons left over after Gadhafi 's downfall are providing groups with different motivations to form their own militias , government officials said . U.S. operation On Saturday , U.S. forces swooped into Tripoli and seized a Libyan national indicted in the 1998 American Embassy bombings in East Africa . Abu Anas al-Libi is a suspect in the embassy attacks in Kenya and Tanzania , and American officials have described him as "  one of the world 's most wanted terrorists . " The militia group said the prime minister 's capture had nothing to do with the arrest of al-Libi . However , three days ago , it issued a warning that whoever collaborated with "  foreign intelligence services " in the arrest of the terror suspect would be punished . It 's unclear if Zeidan played a role in the arrest of al-Libi by U.S. forces . But the Libyan government has decried the arrest of the terror suspect , and its national congress Tuesday demanded that the United States hand him over . The foreign minister , Abdelaziz , denied that Zeidan 's abduction had anything to do with the American operation . "  I do n't really see the relevance of this abduction to that what happened , " he said , "  because the debate in relation to the disagreements between some of the military groups and the government officials -- it was there for some time . "	Militias are exploiting the gaps in security in Libya , the foreign minister says U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry says U.S. Embassy personnel in Libya are secure Prime Minister Ali Zeidan appeals for calm in remarks to his Cabinet after he 's freed A militia group says it detained Zeidan over corruption charges
Secretary of State John Kerry took his case on Wednesday to Capitol Hill , urging Congress not to impose new sanctions on Iran as talks with that country on its nuclear program heat up . "  Our hope is that no new sanctions would be put in place for the simple reason that , if they are , it could be viewed as bad faith by the people we are negotiating with , " Kerry said before entering a closed-door briefing with members of the Senate Banking , Housing and Urban Affairs Committee . "  It could destroy the ability to be able to get agreement , " he added , "  and it could actually wind up setting us back in dialogue that 's taken 30 years to achieve . " There 's likely to be push-back to the diplomat 's move , as several in Congress who still do n't trust Iran 's leaders have said they want fresh sanctions to keep up the pressure . Among them is Sen. Lindsey Graham , a South Carolina Republican , who told CNN 's "  State of the Union " program on Sunday he would not wait for the next round of negotiations . A member of the Foreign Relations Committee , Graham said he intends to propose a measure that would mandate more sanctions , aimed at forcing Iran to dismantle its nuclear program , a move that runs counter to interim steps sought by multinational negotiators earlier this month in Geneva , Switzerland . Those three days of intense discussions involving top diplomats concluded early Sunday without an agreement , though numerous key players indicated things were moving forward . "  A lot of concrete progress has been achieved , but some differences remain , " European Union foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton told reporters in Geneva . Added Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif : "  I think we are all on the same wavelength , and that 's important . And that gives us the impetus to go forward . " The next day , Tehran signed a deal with the International Atomic Energy Agency agreeing to give the U.N. nuclear watchdog agency 's inspectors access to long-unseen nuclear sites , including a heavy-water reactor in Arak . Yet more sanctions , not fewer , remain a consideration in Washington . Sanctions have long been a tool for the United States , in coordination with other nations , to clamp down on Iran and compel it not to move toward developing nuclear weapons . Kerry noted that , when he was a senator representing Massachusetts , he played a part in putting such "  sanctions in place in order to be able to negotiate . " While such measures have managed to hamper Iran 's economy and its ability to profit from crude oil exports , they are not the goal , Kerry said . That goal , rather , is to prevent Iran from creating nuclear weapons , something that could continue to happen even if there are no talks and no agreement . The framework for the current deal "  will restrict Iran 's ability to grow its program " and set the stage for "  six months of negotiations on the real tough part of this , " according to Kerry . If Tehran defies any deal , sanctions can be ramped up again , he said . "  The fact is , we did n't put sanctions in place for the sake of sanctions , " Kerry said . "  We did it to be able to negotiate . " Sen. Tim Johnson , a South Dakota Democrat and chairman of the Senate Banking Committee , wo n't decide whether he 'll go forward with a proposal for more sanctions until after Wednesday 's briefing and talks with his colleagues , a committee aide said . While Johnson 's views after the meeting broke were n't immediately known , several Republicans on the committee did speak . Sen. Mike Johanns of Nebraska left saying he is "  willing to be patient " and is somewhat heartened by the fact that as long as "  people are talking , there is hope for progress . " The GOP 's ranking member , Sen. Mike Crapo of Idaho , said he still needs "  to hear more , I 'm not ready to make a decision . " Sen. Bob Corker of Tennessee described the briefing as "  solely an emotional appeal " that was "  very unsatisfying . " Sen. Mark Kirk of Illinois accused President Barack Obama 's administration of appeasing Iran like Britain did Nazi Germany in the 1930s . Kirk pushed for strong sanctions . "  I think today is the day in which I witnessed a future of nuclear war in the Middle East in the future  that  someday will be part of our children 's heritage , " Kirk said . The Banking Committee was n't Kerry 's only stop Wednesday . He -- along with Vice President Joe Biden , chief negotiator Wendy Sherman and David Cohen , under secretary for terrorism and financial Intelligence at the Treasury Department -- also briefed Senate Democratic leaders Wednesday on the Iran nuclear talks . Sherman and Cohen also attended the Banking Committee briefing , but Biden did not . After detailing these two meetings , White House spokesman Jay Carney addressed what the United States should do regarding Iran during Wednesday 's press briefing . "  Punishing " sanctions "  forced Iran to the negotiating table , " he said . Now that they are there , legislators should be mindful of what they 're doing if they are doing things that might undermine those negotiations . "  If not at least testing the hypothesis that Iran is serious about resolving this diplomatically , then what option do we have left ? " Carney asked rhetorically . "  And those who take that position ought to be clear that they , in essence , are suggesting that war is the only alternative . "	1 GOP senator will be "  patient ; " another accuses White House of appeasement Carney : If you wo n't support talks , then you support war as only option Kerry says new sanctions "  could be viewed as bad faith " by Iran Congressman say they may propose new Iran sanctions as nuclear talks continue
CNN  -- Russian President Vladimir Putin should "  man up " and offer clear explanations amid important questions about the crash of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 , Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Dianne Feinstein said on Sunday . "  I think the nexus between Russia and the separatists have been established very clearly . So the issue is , where is Putin ? " Feinstein said in an interview on CNN 's "  State of the Union . " "  I would say : ` Putin , you have to man up . You should talk to the world . You should say if this was a mistake , which I hope it was , say it . ' Even if it was a mistake , it 's a horrendous mistake to make , " Feinstein added . "  And I think it points out the futility of what 's happening in the Ukraine . Because there will be repercussions from this . " The United States has said evidence suggests a Russian-made surface-to-air missile fired from the pro-Russia rebel territory took down the Malaysia Airlines Boeing 777 on Thursday . On board the plane were 298 people , with citizens from more than 10 nations . All of them were killed in the crash in eastern Ukraine . "  It 's pretty clear that this is a system that was transferred from Russia in the hands of separatists , " Secretary of State John Kerry told CNN on Sunday . U.S. officials believe the missile systems may have been moved back across the border into Russia . Russia has denied any involvement , and Putin said Ukraine 's military campaign against the rebels was to blame . He also has called for a "  thorough and objective investigation " of the crash . Since the crash , the Ukrainian government and pro-Russian rebels have traded bitter accusations over who was responsible and what has been done since . Ukrainian officials have said that a Russian-made Buk M1 missile system , brought into eastern Ukraine from Russia , had shot down the airliner . But the local head of the rebels , Alexander Borodai , has rejected accusations that his forces shot down the plane , telling reporters that the rebels lacked the firepower to hit an aircraft that high . During the interview , CNN 's Candy Crowley pointed out previous sanctions against and meetings with Russia all designed to get that country out of the Ukraine and to stop supplying weapons to the separatists . What makes anyone believe that Putin will "  man up , " Crowley asked Feinstein ? "  I think the world has to rise up and say we 've had enough of this , " the senator said . "  I think Europe has to come together . I think Germany , in particular , has to lead . I think we have to continue with sanctions . It 's difficult , because you need Russian help in so many things . " Opinion : How MH17 disaster backs Russia 's Putin into a corner Jet downing a ` game-changer ' in world relations with Russia CNN 's Phil Black , Jethro Mullen and Ralph Ellis contributed to this report .	Dianne Feinstein says Russian leader should offer clear explanation She says there will be "  repercussions " from shooting down of jetliner over eastern Ukraine Ukrainian government , pro-Russian rebels trade accusations over who is responsible
CNN  -- Hours after his family members alerted police to a human head and two hands they discovered stashed in metal tins , a Maryland man admitted killing his housemate , cutting him up , then eating his heart and part of his brain , authorities said . Alexander Kinyua , 21 , was being held without bail at the Harford County Detention Center after being charged with first-degree murder , first-degree assault and second-degree assault . Calls to his public defender Friday morning were not immediately returned . Suspect in Canada body parts probe described as ` creepy ' and a kitten-killer His roommate , Kujoe Bonsafo Agyei-Kodie , had left his Joppatowne home six days earlier for an apparent early morning jog . Wearing a T-shirt and shorts , he left his wallet , cell phone and identification at home . On Tuesday , Antony Kinyua -- Alexander Kinyua 's father -- called a Harford County detective assigned to the missing person 's case and told him about his other son 's gruesome discovery . Miami mother : My son ` is no zombie ' According to the charging document , the other son explained to the detective how he had come across two metal tins covered by a blanket in the basement laundry room of Agyei-Kodie 's Joppatowne residence . He opened the tins and found the head and hands . The brother said he "  confronted  Alexander Kinyua  , who denied the remains were human , " then went upstairs to get his father , the detective said in the charging document . When the father and son returned to the basement , "  the items he observed were gone and ... Alex Kinyua was cleaning the container he observed them in . " Two Harford County detectives later arrived on the scene and discovered the head and hands on the home 's main floor . Reports : Miami ` zombie ' attacker may have been using ` bath salts ' "  He admitted to killing our missing person , Mr. Kodie , and cutting him up with a knife , " Harford County Sheriff Jesse Bane told reporters Thursday . "  He further stated that he consumed Mr. Kodie 's internal organs -- specifically his heart and portions of his brain . " The suspect told detectives to go to the parking lot of the nearby Town Baptist Church , where they could -- and did -- find the rest of Agyei-Kodie 's remains in a dumpster . The missing person 's report filed Saturday described the 37-year-old Agyei-Kodie as "  very intelligent . " He had earned multiple master 's degrees from schools in Ghana and was also a graduate student at Morgan State University , even though he was n't taking classes there at the time of his death . Kinyua was affiliated with the same state university in Baltimore . The engineering student was one of 175 people showcased in an August 2011 symposium run by the prestigious Los Alamos National Laboratory . His study focused on the cost-effectiveness and productivity of "  comfort control " systems regulating heating , ventilation and air conditioning .	Kujoe Bonsafo Agyei-Kodie , 37 , was reported missing last Saturday His roommate 's relatives say three days later , they found a head and hands The roommate later admitted to killing Agyei-Kodie , authorities say He said he ate Agyei-Kodie 's heart and part of his brain , a sheriff says
Monterrey , Mexico  CNN  -- Even as Mexico 's top transportation official said the plane carrying Jenni Rivera spiraled to the ground in a tailspin that may have surpassed 600 mph , some of the singer 's family members were holding out hope on Wednesday . The plane was flying at 28,000 feet when it began to plummet , Gerardo Ruiz , Mexico 's transportation secretary , told reporters . It crashed in a mountainous area 9,000 feet above sea level , he said . Determining what caused Sunday 's crash could take up to a year , officials said . Authorities were still working Wednesday to identify remains found at the crash site in a remote area of northern Mexico . Rivera and six others were thought to be on board the plane , which lost contact with air traffic controllers soon after takeoff . In California , the Mexican-American singer 's mother said her grandchildren still think Rivera is alive . "  They continue thinking that their mother is OK , that God could perform a miracle , " said Rosa Saavedra , noting she was trying to stay strong to support them . Pedro Rivera Jr. , one of the singer 's brothers , said the family was waiting to read a document detailing her wishes that she had left with a sister about a month ago . "  She can not read it yet , she ca n't say anything to us yet , until we are 100 % sure that Jenni is no longer with us , " he said . Known to fans as "  La Diva de la Banda " or The Diva of Banda Music , Rivera was well-established as a musical powerhouse with her Spanish-language performances of regional Mexican corridos , or ballads . For fans , the nickname captured her powerful voice and the personal strength many admired . In recent years , she had been working to crack the English-language U.S. market and was reportedly on the verge of a crossover with a sitcom inspired by the success of "  I Love Jenni , " a Spanish-language reality TV show on Telemundo 's mun2 network . Rivera sold 15 million records , according to Billboard , and recently won two Billboard Music Awards , including favorite Mexican music female artist . In October , People en EspaÃ ± ol added her to its list of the 25 most powerful women . She performed at a concert in Monterrey on Saturday night before boarding the Learjet , which took off early Sunday and lost contact with air traffic controllers about 60 miles into the trip . Plane 's owners tied to troubled businessman Just hours before she died , Rivera opened up to reporters about her divorce and the inner strength she found , thanks to her family . "  I 'm so happy . So many strong things have happened in my life , " she said . "  I ca n't get up in the negative , which destroys you . " CNN en EspaÃ ± ol 's Krupskaia Alis and Jaqueline Hurtado contributed to this report .	Singer 's plane was flying at 28,000 feet when it began to plummet , official says It could have plunged at more than 600 mph , the transportation secretary says Determining what caused the crash in northern Mexico could take up to a year Some of Rivera 's family members believe she could be alive
In the end , a coupon changed Torrie Creamer 's life . Years of New Year 's resolutions had n't done it . Her son 's probing questions about her "  still pregnant " belly had n't done it . Hurtful comments from a friend about another obese woman at a ballgame had only primed her desire to lose weight . Then the LivingSocial deal arrived in her inbox . For $ 25 , she could take four weeks of classes at a women 's fitness boot camp . And after the incident at the ballpark , Creamer was ready to try just about anything . Learn more about Creamer 's journey in her own words The Norfolk , Virginia , resident had been steadily gaining weight since she married her high school sweetheart Jason more than 10 years before . Each kid -- Jordan , then Gabriel , then Kameron -- added extra pounds she could n't seem to shake . By 2011 , she was 5-foot-11 and weighed 322 pounds . Boot camps have become popular in the fitness community over the past decade , earning praise for their focus on high-intensity intervals and body weight exercises . Trainer Ken Williams started Bootcamp for Women - Body by Ken with five members in May 2002 . By July , it was standing room only . Walking toward the beach for her first workout , Creamer spotted women running back and forth in the sand . She hesitantly joined in and promptly fell down . It took three male trainers to pick her back up . Creamer left the class crying . But the next day she returned , and she continued to go to every class for the next four weeks . "  I was always the last runner in , or in my case , the last walker in , " she says . "  I could not do push-ups . I could not finish a routine without feeling like I was dying and about to vomit . But somehow I made it there . " She lost 15 pounds in four weeks and told Williams she was coming back . The next day Creamer found out she had been laid off from her job . She left a message for Williams saying she could n't afford the program without a steady income and figured that was that . But that night she got a phone call from someone in the group . The women talked and were going to chip in so Creamer could continue to work out . "  I sat on my porch thinking to myself , ` These people do n't know me , ' " Creamer says . "  At that moment I made the promise to myself ... if these people were not letting me fail , then how can I let myself fail ? " Creamer committed to 12 more weeks of boot camp . Each week it got easier for her to complete Williams ' grueling workout . She continually increased her goals and spoke with Williams about changes she could make when she hit a plateau . When the 12 weeks were over , she came back again . "  Everyday she came I could see her giving 100 % , " Williams says . "  That 's the thing I saw different in her . When you put that in your head , when you put that in your mind , when you have that attitude -- you ca n't help but be successful . " Creamer also overhauled her diet . She used to eat a bowl of ice cream every night before going to sleep ; she loved "  any and all " fried foods , carbohydrates and sweets . Now she eats six small meals a day , using a child 's plate to control her portion sizes . Her typical day consists of : -- A protein shake with oatmeal for breakfast -- Mixed nuts for a morning snack -- A turkey salad sandwich for lunch -- Yogurt with fruit for an afternoon snack -- Chicken with vegetables and "  good carbs " for dinner -- And another protein shake for a post-dinner snack All the people Williams has seen lose a significant amount of weight have one thing in common , he says : "  They 're tired of being sick and tired . " Since that fateful day on the beach , Creamer has lost 145 pounds . She 's happier and more positive than she 's ever been , and it shows in every aspect of her life . She loves having enough energy to play with her kids . And she 's introduced a ton of new customers to Williams ' program . She 's determined to spread her "  healthy hugs " to other overweight women who are suffering . "  I feel like this is what I truly was put here to do , and honestly it  took  hitting rock bottom before I could understand that , " Creamer says . "  If I can do it , so can you . "	At her heaviest , Torrie Creamer weighed 322 pounds The mother of three joined a boot camp program for women to get fit Over two and a half years Creamer lost 145 pounds
CNN  -- Sport 's battle with racism and discrimination has suffered a further setback after a senior Australian administrator compared an athlete to "  King Kong . " Eddie McGuire , president of the Collingwood Australian Rules Football team , has apologized unreservedly after describing Adam Goodes , an indigenous Australian playing for the Sydney Swans , as an ideal person to promote the musical of the 1930s classic film . "  Get Adam Goodes down for it , do you reckon ? " McGuire , a businessman and TV presenter , said on the radio show he presents . "  You can see them doing that ca n't you ? Goodsey , " continued McGuire . "  You know with the ape thing , the whole thing , I 'm just saying pumping him up and mucking around , all that sort of stuff . " McGuire , who will go through the Australian Football League 's  AFL  Racial and Religious Vilification Policy , received the backing of the Collingwood board on Thursday . "  I apologize to Adam Goodes , to the Indigenous people of Australia and every Indigenous sportsperson , " McGuire told a press conference . McGuire announced he would not be stepping down in light of the incident , with the board standing by a man they claim has "  led with distinction for almost 15 years . " "  I understand the questions surrounding my leadership but with the support of my fellow directors I remain committed to the Collingwood Football Club and all that it stands for , " McGuire said in a Collingwood statement . Goodes tweeted a link to an article about McGuire 's comment on the AFL 's official website on Wednesday . "  Morning Australia this is what I have woken up to t #racismitstopswithme #bigweekinfooty , " said the 33-year-old from his verified Twitter account . Racism in sport was again thrust into the limelight last week when golf was at the center of a discrimination storm . When asked if he would invite world No. 1 Tiger Woods to dinner during next month 's U.S. Open , Spain 's Sergio Garcia replied : " "  We 'll be having him round every night ... and serving him fried chicken . " Woods , a 17-time major winner , described the comments as "  wrong , hurtful and inappropriate , " with Garcia subsequently issued a full apology . Soccer has also been grappling with high-profile incidents of racism . Italy striker Mario Balotelli threatened to walk off the playing field after he was subject to "  monkey chants " during AC Milan 's recent match against Roma . European football 's governing body UEFA recently announced a raft of new anti-discrimination sanctions . Players and officials found guilty of racism offenses will be hit with 10-match bans , while clubs whose fans breach discrimination rules will be subjected to part or complete closure of their stadiums .	An AFL team owner has apologized after comparing a player to King Kong Eddie McGuire , president of the Collingwood team , made the comment on his radio show McGuire has apologized to Sydney Swans ' indigenous Australian player Adam Goodes Tiger Woods was recently "  hurt " by a comment made by fellow golfer Sergio Garcia
EW.com  -- Moms and Dads : Get your kids to take you to see "  The LEGO Movie " this weekend ! That seems to be the message from the nation 's movie critics , who have uniformly crowned this 3-D toy story the brilliant hybrid offspring of Pixar 's best infused with "  South Park 's " irreverent humor . Based on the ubiquitous lock-block toy and licensed with many of pop-culture 's most ubiquitous heroes , "  The LEGO Movie " is a sly Trojan horse of a movie . "  Using the building-block world of LEGO to parody the creeping conformity of our world , ` The LEGO Movie ' proves even more biting than ` WALL-E , ' because it has the sauciness to send up its own rise-of-a-hero story line , " writes EW 's Owen Gleiberman . EW review : ` The LEGO Movie ' "  Parks and Rec 's " Chris Pratt voices Emmet , a typical LEGO drone who accidentally stumbles upon a LEGO piece that makes a band of Matrix-like revolutionaries think he 's the Special , the one who can save their world from the fascist President Business  Will Ferrell  . Emmet has some high-profile allies , including Batman  Will Arnett  , Superman  Channing Tatum  , Abraham Lincoln  Will Forte  , Wonder Woman  Cobie Smulders  , and Shaquille O'Neal , as well as the beautiful rebel Wyldstyle  Elizabeth Banks  and the sage mystic Vitruvius  Morgan Freeman  . Written and directed by Phil Lord and Christopher Miller , the duo behind the first "  Cloudy With a Chance of Meatballs " and "  21 Jump Street , " "  The LEGO Movie " is a clever combination of stop-motion animation and ingenuous CG effects -- fire , water -- all made to resemble stop-motion . Toss in the ironic Tegan and Sara anthem to conformity , "  Everything Is Awesome , " and your inner-nerd child has plenty to play with . Before you head to the theaters , read what some of the nation 's top critics are saying about "  The LEGO Movie . "  Or just go see it before they hype it beyond realistic expectations . Owen Gleiberman  Entertainment Weekly  ▲ "  It may be a helter-skelter kiddie adventure built out of plastic toy components , but it 's fast and original , it 's conceptually audacious , it 's visually astonishing , and it 's 10 times more clever and smart and funny than it needed to be . Here , at last , is an animated comedy that never stops surprising you . " A.O. Scott  New York Times "  The overt message is that you should throw out the manuals and follow the lead of your own ingenuity , improvising new combinations for the building blocks in front of you . But the movie itself follows a fairly strict and careful formula , thwarting its inventive potential in favor of the expected and familiar . " ` The Lego Movie ' could be 2014 's first big ` block ` buster Peter Hartlaub  San Francisco Chronicle "  Filled with humor and action , the Warner Bros. movie pulls off an emotional finish that rivals some of Pixar 's best work . You can argue -- and not sound completely crazy -- that this is a better film than a few recent Academy Awards best picture nominees . " Bilge Ebiri  New York -- Vulture  ▲ " ` The LEGO Movie ' is the kind of animated free-for-all that comes around very rarely , if ever : A kids ' movie that matches shameless fun with razor-sharp wit , that offers up a spectacle of pure , freewheeling joy even as it tackles the thorniest of issues . It 's part ` South Park , ' part ` Lord of the Rings ' ; part ` The Matrix , ' part ` Idiocracy . ' " Ty Burr  Boston Globe  ▲ "  The keys to the movie 's absurdly high enjoyment factor are its exuberance , timing , wit and willingness to stoop to its source -- or kneel on the carpet looking for lost bricks , as the case may be . Unlike ` Battleship , ' ` G.I. Joe , ' and the dreaded ` Transformers ' series , ` The LEGO Movie ' is rooted in the wonky hobbyist esthetic of the LEGO system itself . " Rene Rodriguez  Miami Herald "  The movie 's secret weapon is the vividly detailed world Lord and Miller have created for their characters , stuffing the screen with so many visual puns and easter eggs , you often want to hit the pause button to take it all in . " Betsy Sharkey  Los Angeles Times  ▲ "  If you 're wondering if the film plays like a 90-plus-minute commercial , strangely it does not . There is a very familiar feel to the film , which remains true to the style of those ubiquitous bits and pieces that are EVERYWHERE . At the same time , ` The LEGO Movie ' is strikingly , exhilaratingly , exhaustingly fresh . Not plastic at all . " ` The LEGO Movie ' trailer : ` Come with me if you wan na not die ' Andrew O'Hehir  Salon "  Even in delivering the message that Lord Business ' fetish for order is not the true Way of LEGO , there are limits . LEGO long ago forged corporate partnerships with Marvel , Disney , Lucasfilm , DC Comics , Warner Bros. and so on , and those interests are protected . " Richard Corliss  TIME  ▲ "  No question that the movie promotes what Prez Biz would call a subversive message : Be creative with your toys . It also urges kids to venture out of the virtual world they live in and use their hands for something other than typing . " Peter Debruge  Variety  ▲ "  The film functions as a massive homage to a shared childhood experience , amplified and projected on the big screen . So , while the result is undoubtedly the single most product-centric film of all time , it 's also just hip and irreverent enough to leave audiences feeling as though its makers managed to pull one over on the business guys . " Michael O'Sullivan  Washington Post  ▲ " ` The LEGO Movie ' pokes fun at anyone who would argue that LEGO products are , as one character puts it , ' a highly sophisticated , interlocking brick system , ' and not simply toys . But it also makes fun of itself , tweaking the conventions of narrative filmmaking , animation and LEGO model-making itself . " See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Movie critics have crowned "  The Lego Movie " as a must-see Reviews are pegging it as a cross between Pixar and "  South Park "
CNN  -- Forgive the pun : Want a slice of early Apple history ? Three of the legal documents that detail the founding of the revolutionary computer company are going up for auction soon -- some two months after the death of co-founder Steve Jobs . Sotheby 's , the auction house that 's hosting the sale , expects the legal papers to sell for $ 100,000 to $ 150,000 . "  The 1976 document , which once belonged to Ronald G. Wayne , one of Apple 's founders along with Steven P. Jobs and Stephen G. Wozniak , is the first chapter in the story of one of America 's most important companies , " Sotheby 's says in a press release . Here 's a list of what 's included in the auction : -- Apple 's original partnership agreement , signed on April 1 , 1976 , by Jobs , Steve Wozniak and Apple 's "  forgotten founder , " Ron Wayne . According to Walter Isaacson in his new "  Steve Jobs " biography , Jobs signed the document in lower-case letters , "  Wozniak in careful cursive and Wayne in an illegible squiggle . " The trio signed the document in Wayne 's apartment and split their stakes in the company unevenly : Jobs and Wozniak both got 45 % ; Wayne , who came to the confab late as a consultant of sorts , got a 10 % share . -- A dissolution of contract , in which Wayne excused himself from the company for $ 800 . He later received an additional $ 1,500 payment . Bad move , right ? His stock options today would be worth more than $ 30 billion . But Wayne told CNN in 2010 that he does n't regret the decision , which he based on the fact that another company he founded had gone poorly . "  What can I say ? You make a decision based on your understanding of the circumstances and you live with it , " he said . -- And a second founding agreement , in which Jobs , the marketing master , and Wozniak , the coding genius , outlined their plans for the company that would help bring about the personal computer revolution and create the iPod , iPhone and , most recently , the iPad . The documents originally belonged to Wayne and were given to Sotheby 's through a university archives , the auction house 's website says . A Sotheby 's spokesman said the company could not provide more information but emphasized that Wayne had not sold the documents directly to the auction house . "  The consigner bought the documents in the mid-1990s from a manuscript dealer who had acquired them from Wayne , " Bloomberg reports , citing Richard Austin , head of manuscripts at Sotheby 's in New York . Austin told that news organization : "  It was right before Jobs rejoined Apple . At the time , everyone thought that Apple was pretty much finished . " The auction will be held on December 13 in New York . People can also bid on the documents simultaneously online . So far , Twitter chatter about the sale is mostly positive , with online pundits joking that they want to add the documents to their holiday shopping lists and pondering what will be the ultimate sticker price of these bits of history .	Original 1976 Apple contract is going up for auction on December 13 Sotheby 's New York is auctioning off three original Apple documents The founding agreement is signed by Steve Jobs , Steve Wozniak and Ron Wayne The auction house expects the docs to fetch at least $ 100,000
CNN  Charles Frederick Warner , who was convicted for the rape and murder of an 11-month-old girl , was executed Thursday , according to the Oklahoma Department of Corrections . His was the first execution in Oklahoma since a controversial lethal injection , which was widely seen as botched , in April . Warner was convicted in 2003 for the first-degree rape and murder of his then-girlfriend 's 11-month-old daughter in the summer of 1997 . He was executed at the Oklahoma State Penitentiary in McAlester , about 130 miles east of Oklahoma City . Warner was pronounced dead at 7:28 p.m. CT  8:28 p.m. ET  . "  Justice was served tonight as the state executed Charles Warner for the heinous crime of raping and murdering an infant , " said Oklahoma Gov. Mary Fallin . A reporter from the Associated Press , Sean Murphy , was among the witnesses . He recounted Warner 's last words . "  They poked me five times . It hurt . It feels like acid , " Warner said , according to Murphy . "  I 'm sorry for all the pain that was caused . I 'm not a monster . I did n't do everything they said I did . I love people . I love my family . I love Jesus , " Warner said . He thanked his mother and sister for their support , and said to "  tell my baby girl she means the world to me . " According to Murphy , the execution began at 7:10 p.m. CT  8:10 p.m. ET  . Once it started , Warner said : "  My body is on fire . " "  No one should go through this . I 'm not afraid to die . We 's all going to die , " he said . Other than his statements , Warner did not appear to be suffering and did not show any obvious signs of distress , Murphy told other reporters . Before the execution , a spokesman with the Oklahoma Department of Corrections had said that Warner was scheduled to be executed using a three-drug combination of midazolam , vecuronium bromide and potassium chloride . Midazolam , a benzodiazepine that is still not FDA approved , is supposed to render the prisoner unconscious . Vecuronium bromide is a paralytic , which is meant to paralyze all muscle movement and stop respiration . Potassium chloride 's role is to activate nerves and induce cardiac arrest . Warner 's attorney , Dale Baich , had filed a motion with the U.S. Supreme Court asking for a stay and asked the court to review Oklahoma 's lethal injection policies in general . The court denied the requests . "  Of particular concern is the use of midazolam , which has been involved in several extremely problematic executions , including the gruesome and horrific execution of Clayton Lockett in Oklahoma and the two-hour prolonged death of Joseph Wood in Arizona in July 2014 , " Baich said . Warner was originally scheduled for execution on the same night as Lockett -- April 29 , 2014 -- but the execution was called off after the state took 43 minutes to execute Lockett , a controversial event that was witnessed by media and state officials . Witnesses said Lockett was convulsing and writhing on the gurney , as well as struggling to speak , before officials blocked their view . The execution was halted , but Lockett eventually died . A team of medical examiners later ruled that Lockett died from the state 's lethal injection . The report , which was released in September by the Oklahoma Department of Corrections , called the manner of death a "  judicially ordered execution . " Lockett 's execution was the first time Oklahoma had used midazolam as the first element in its three-drug cocktail . Botched execution haunts inmate as death nears CNN 's Jason Morris contributed to this report .	"  They poked me five times . It hurt . It feels like acid , " Warner said before his death His was the first execution in Oklahoma since a controversial lethal injection in April
CNN  -- Netflix Co-founder and CEO Reed Hastings made a public apology in his blog Sunday after a customer outburst against a hike in prices . "  I messed up , " Hastings said . "  I owe everyone an explanation . " Hastings posted the mea culpa after a barrage of customer backlash that caused Netflix stock to plunge . Netflix subscribers quit the service in droves last week after the unexpected increase . Enraged customers flooded the Netflix site with tens of thousands of comments , as well as a barrage of tweets under the hashtag #DearNetflix . "  In hindsight , I slid into arrogance based upon past success , " Hastings said . "  We have done very well for a long time by steadily improving our service , without doing much CEO communication . " Hastings goes on to explain the company 's plans to rename its DVD-by-mail service Qwikster , while keeping the Netflix name for the online movie streaming service . Hastings also assures customers the price hike is over . "  There are no pricing changes  we 're done with that !  . " A downside is that customers will have to subscribe to two separate services if they want both the mail and streaming options . Members who subscribe to both services will have two entries on their credit card statements , one for Qwikster and one for Netflix . The total will be the same as the current charges . Hastings closes the blog with another apology and the companies ' commitment to "  work hard to regain your trust . We know it will not be overnight . Actions speak louder than words . But words help people to understand actions . " Whether angered customers will accept the apology and come back is yet to be seen . Netflix on Thursday cut its subscriber forecast for the current quarter , saying it now expects to end the period with 24 million customers -- down from the 25 million the company forecast just a few weeks ago .	CEO promises to regain custromers ' trust DVD-by-mail service will change name to "  Qwikster " Movie streaming service will keep "  Netflix " moniker Customers who want mail delivery and streaming service will have to subscribe to both
CNN  -- British and American scientists watching Greenland 's massive ice sheet have found what appears to be a 460-mile "  megacanyon " far beneath the frozen surface of the world 's largest island . Airborne radar images taken by the U.S. space agency NASA and compiled by scientists at the University of Bristol revealed the canyon 's existence , Bristol glaciologist Jonathan Bamber said Thursday . It 's buried under the layer of ice that blankets Greenland , a covering up to 3 kilometers  1.9 miles  thick . The gouge is about 50 % longer than Arizona 's 277-mile Grand Canyon , but not as deep -- ranging from 650 feet to about 2,600 feet  200 to 800 meters  , Bamber said . It runs from the middle of Greenland to its northern shore , on the Arctic Ocean , and it 's likely to have been covered over by ice for 4 million years . "  It 's a continuous canyon . It 's pretty deep . It very much looks like it predates the ice sheets , " Bamber said . "  We think it 's indicative of a river system that was here before the ice sheet was there , and which perhaps was modified by the ice sheet cover some , but not much . " The discovery is a byproduct of the intense scientific focus on Greenland amid concerns about rising global temperatures . The radar images were shot by NASA 's Operation IceBridge , which flies aircraft over the island because the ice sheet is too thick for satellite-based radar to penetrate , said Michael Studinger , the project 's lead scientist . Bamber and colleagues from Bristol , the University of Calgary in Canada and Urbino University in Italy published their findings Thursday in the journal Science . They were trying to compile an updated set of ice-sheet records when they noticed "  this long linear feature that seemed to be pretty continuous , " Bamber said . "  It looks like it was a pretty extensive river system millions of years ago , " he said . The find is n't a "  first-order concern " for scientists studying climate change but will help researchers understand how the ice ebbs and flows across the face of Greenland and other polar environments , Bamber said . The main reason Greenland is under study is to record the height of the ice above it , not to map the land beneath , Studinger said . The existence of the canyon is "  basically a tiny piece in the big puzzle of what 's going on in Greenland , " but still an exciting find , he said . "  We live in the 21st century , and we are still discovering 750-kilometer features under the Greenland ice sheet that we did n't know about , " he said . As climate warms , Arctic spawns massive ice islands	A 460-mile canyon up to half a mile deep lies beneath Greenland 's ice The discovery was reported in a scientific journal Thursday "  It looks like it was a pretty extensive river system millions of years ago , " scientist says
More American women have had medical help to have their babies than ever , according to the latest annual report from the Society for Assisted Reproductive Technology . The group represents the greater majority of in vitro fertilization clinics in the United States . Their report showed that doctors at these clinics performed 165,172 procedures , including IVF , with 61,740 babies born as a result of those efforts in 2012 . That 's about 2,000 more babies born using treatments from IVF clinics than in 2011 . That also makes 2012 the year with the highest percentage of babies born through IVF than ever reported previously , according to the society . That upward trend is the opposite of American birth rates overall . Since 2007 , the American birth rate has been declining steadily . In 2012 , more than 3.95 million babies were born , the Centers for Disease Control reports  PDF  . That 's below what demographers call the "  replacement level , " the level at which the generation can replace itself . Of those births , IVF treatments account for about 1.5 % of all babies born in the United States that year . This growing trend does n't necessarily mean Americans are having more trouble having children . It may point to the fact that couples are having babies later . American women are having babies a lot later in life than they used to : In 1980 , the average age of a new mom was about 22 . Now , the average age of a new mom is closer to 26 , according to the CDC  PDF  . Although women today are generally healthier , fertility does decline as people age . A woman 's body produces fewer viable eggs when she gets older , and men 's sperm does n't swim as well as they age . Women ca n't wait too long to seek out treatment , though . That is also clear from the annual report . The IVF success rate was significantly higher for women under the age of 35 compared with those who were older . Looking only at the IVF treatments that used fresh embryos from non-donor eggs , the number of women under the age of 35 who gave birth using IVF was about 40 % , compared with only 31 % for women between the ages of 35 and 37 . Only 3.9 % of 42-year-olds got pregnant as a result of IVF treatment . IVF treatment has become more medically successful over the years and is gaining acceptance . It is still , however , cost-prohibitive for a lot of couples . Most assisted reproductive technologies are not covered by insurance , or the reimbursements are capped , according the National Infertility Association . The average cost of one IVF treatment in the United States is $ 12,400 , and that 's without the extra medicines the couple may need , according to the American Society of Reproductive Medicine . Often , couples will need more than one treatment to conceive . The number of multiple embryos being transferred in IVF treatments has also declined , according to the report . Doctors prefer that women give birth to a single baby or "  singleton , " as they are called in medical lingo . That 's because even with medical advances , multiple births are still considered risky for mothers and babies . The real reason behind the multiples baby boom	About 2,000 more in vitro fertilization babies were born in 2012 than 2011 Since 2007 , the U.S. birth rate has been declining steadily IVF treatment success rates decline as women age
Editor 's Note : M.J. Gohel is executive director of the Asia-Pacific Foundation , an independent intelligence and security think tank based in London , England . His son , Sajjan Gohel , is director for international security at the foundation . They provide analysis to the media , government agencies and military departments . M.J. Gohel , left , and Sajjan Gohel say the attacks had the hallmarks of a transnational group . LONDON , England  CNN  -- The Indian media have described the Mumbai terrorist siege as India 's 9/11 . The targets for the attacks , many of them symbols of Mumbai 's growing power and wealth , were not randomly selected and were intended to send a direct message to India , Israel and the West . Indeed , the Mumbai attacks had all the hallmarks of a powerful transnational terrorist group inspired by the ideology of al Qaeda . Mumbai is no stranger to terrorism . On March 12 , 1993 , a series of 15 bombs exploded across several districts of India 's financial capital , killing 257 . On July 11 , 2006 , a coordinated bombing spree on the city 's transportation system killed 209 people . Uniquely disturbing about the recent Mumbai attacks , in addition to killing locals , is the deliberate targeting of restaurants and hotels used by Westerners and a Jewish cultural center . Mumbai is to India as New York is to the United States or London to the United Kingdom . The city is driving India 's economic boom . It is the commercial and entertainment capital of the country , where the "  Bollywood " film industry is based . It is the heartbeat of India . What happens there vibrates throughout the nation . Three factors may help explain the timing of the attacks . First , they occurred on the eve of America 's Thanksgiving , as hotels in Mumbai were preparing for the event by putting on functions for the Americans living , working and on vacation in Mumbai . Secondly , a major international cricket tournament , the Twenty20 Champions League , was going to take place the following week . Some of the matches were going to be played in Mumbai , but the attacks resulted in the tournament being postponed . Thirdly , important state elections are taking place in parts of the country . They are being closely contested between the major political parties , and security was a key election issue . The events in Mumbai have left the nation divided as to how to respond . In fact , in the past 12 months , / topics/India " class = "  cnnInlineTopic " > India has endured more terrorist attacks in more parts of the country than in any previous recorded period . Cities such as Bangalore , Jaipur , Ahmedabad and the capital , New Delhi , have been hit . However , those attacks involved rudimentary timed-explosives left in public places . The latest events are different in terms of method and scale , with cells of well-armed men involved in synchronized assaults . The gunmen were also clearly prepared to die in their attacks but not to kill themselves as suicide bombers do . They were on a "  fedayeen " mission . In effect , they were hoping to kill as many people as possible while being taken down in a hail of bullets by the security forces in the ensuing shootout . Fedayeen attacks are not uncommon in India . On December 13 , 2001 , five gunmen drove into India 's parliament complex in New Delhi and opened fire indiscriminately . Although no members of parliament were harmed , eight people and the five terrorists were killed . Lashkar-e-Toiba , a Pakistan-based terrorist group affiliated with al Qaeda , was blamed for that attack . The incident almost brought India and Pakistan into a full-scale conflict , but that was averted by the intervention of the United States , Russia and China . Although the Lashkar-e-Toiba is banned in the United States and the European Union , it has tried to operate under different names , including Jamaat-Ud-Dawa and Idara Khidmat-E-Khalq . Indian authorities are accusing the group of being tied to the recent attacks in Mumbai . However , Pakistani authorities deny there is a connection to their country . Some have suggested the Mumbai attacks can not have a transnational connection because al Qaeda uses the tactic of suicide bombers and does not indulge in hostage-taking . It is pertinent to point out that al Qaeda does not have a written constitution in how to kill , but the end goal is always the same : inflict mass-casualty atrocities with economic , political and social consequences . In any case , Abu Musab al-Zarqawi , the Jordanian terrorist who officially aligned his group to al Qaeda , graphically introduced the tactic of hostage-taking in Iraq . U.S. journalist Daniel Pearl was taken hostage in Karachi , Pakistan , and eventually murdered under the order of Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , al Qaeda 's master planner of 9/11 . The March 11 , 2004 , train bombings in Madrid , Spain , which killed 190 people , were not suicide attacks nor orchestrated by al Qaeda central , but its doctrine certainly motivated the plotters . Likewise , although al Qaeda may not have directly planned and coordinated the Mumbai attacks , the gunmen were clearly inspired by the goals and ideology that Osama bin Laden and his deputy Ayman al-Zawahiri preach . It could be argued that Mumbai was targeted by the terrorists because other places in the West have proved harder to attack . U.S. counterterrorism agencies have stepped up efforts since 9/11 . British services have foiled plots linked to al Qaeda since the 2005 transportation bombings , and Israel has significantly reduced the plethora of suicide attacks it once faced . The Mumbai gunmen were well-prepared and trained . The terrorists had done their reconnaissance and planning , which would have taken months to coordinate . They knew the terrain and locations . They had worked out the internal infrastructure and layout of the buildings and moved with stealth , combing their way through 10 locations and creating devastation along the way . Unlike most terrorist attacks of recent years , the Mumbai siege lingered primarily because the gunmen had taken hostages . The focus of the international community remained fixated on events in Mumbai with wall-to-wall coverage from the world 's media . Unlike suicide bombing , hostage-taking can be played out over several days . Terrorists have become skilled in using the media as their oxygen of publicity to convey fear and inflict paralysis . Understandably , some have questioned how , if official estimates are accurate , 10 terrorists could have caused so much bloodshed and repelled India 's security apparatus for more than three days in three different buildings . The challenge for the authorities was to eliminate the terrorists and not the hostages . The gunmen had embedded themselves in the buildings and were well-equipped and able to return fire and lob grenades at the Indian forces trying to clinically extract them . It 's worth remembering that on 9/11 , it took only 19 people , with only box cutters as their weapons , to hijack four commercial flights . With basic flight training , they used three of those planes as guided missiles into the World Trade Center and the Pentagon . As has been demonstrated in the United States , the United Kingdom and Spain , it is easier for terrorists to operate and function in a free and democratic society . For counterterrorism authorities , foiling potential attacks is like an uphill treadmill . They have to be 100 percent successful all the time . The terrorists only need to be lucky once in order to inflict a mass casualty attack . Cities become huge because they are successful in economic terms . People migrate because they feel they would have better opportunities there . The total population of Mumbai is 18.5 million , and it is a city growing in economic terms every year , which gives the national economy huge momentum . Direct foreign investment helps build commercial relations with other countries , and it is this relationship the terrorists seem keen to disrupt and damage permanently . In the long-term , it is unlikely the Indian economy will be deflected by terrorism anymore than Western economies have been fundamentally weakened by terror in New York or London , so the attack may not undermine the commercial fabric of the city . But it will leave deep indelible scars for Mumbai residents . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of M.J. Gohel and Sajjan Gohel .	Gohels : Some in the media are calling Mumbai attacks India 's 9/11 They say attacks bore signs of transnational group inspired by al Qaeda Mumbai siege lingered primarily because gunmen had taken hostages , Gohels say Mumbai may have been targeted due to higher security elsewhere , they say
CNN  The Rev. Robert H. Schuller , California televangelist and founder of the television ministry "  Hour of Power , " died Thursday , according to his family . He was 88 years old . Schuller , also the founder of Crystal Cathedral megachurch , had been diagnosed with esophageal cancer in August 2013 , a release from "  Hour of Power " said . "  My father-in-law passed away peacefully early this morning . He was a great Dad and a great man of God , " said Schuller 's daughter-in-law , Donna Schuller , in a Twitter message . Schuller 's life followed an almost Shakespearean arc . He was born in a Iowa farmhouse without running water and longed to preach from his earliest days . In his autobiography , "  Prayer : My Soul 's Adventure with God , " he described standing alone by a river and picturing himself delivering sermons to a rapt congregation . After attending a Hope College and Western Theological Seminary in Michigan , he met his wife of more than 60 years , Arvella , while preaching at her church  she was the organist  . With their young family in tow , the Schullers caravanned west to California , where he rented a drive-in theater and preached from the roof of the snack bar . It was beneath the dignity of Christian ministry , some local pastors huffed . The "  passion pits " where teenagers necked was no place for the gospel . Schuller was undeterred , and he quickly outgrew the drive-in . He called the explosive growth of his tiny congregation a "  miracle , " though his many mainstream critics had other names for it . His confident , breezy version of Christianity -- too breezy , by some estimations -- drew hordes of seekers and lapsed Christians who were put off by the hellfire fulminations of many post-War American preachers . Schuller sold a softer , gentler message , which borrowed heavily , he acknowledged , from the father of the feel-good gospel , Norman Vincent Peale . He preached not to convert or condemn people , but to encourage them , a sentiment he called "  possibility thinking . " People loved it . "  Evangelicalism at its best wants to be innovative and reach people , " said Timothy Larsen , a professor of Christian thought at Wheaton College in Illinois . "  And Schuller was a master at that . " "  What he got right is that the gospel is good news , " Larsen continued . "  And he preached an uplifting message about personal transformation and uplift and hope . " Some of Schuller 's favored phrases , though , struck others as cornpone Christianity . "  Turn your hurt into a halo ? " said Randall Balmer , a professor of American religious history at Dartmouth College , citing one such phrase . "  That 's pretty weak tea . " Still , Balmer gives Schuller some credit . "  It may be bad theology , but it 's brilliant marketing . " In 1970 , Schuller began broadcasting "  Hour of Power , " believed to be one of the first , if not the very first , Sunday service to be shown regularly on television . With his genial smile , priestly robes and gray hair , he looked and talked like a guy who wanted nothing more than to see his flock succeed . The show , which ran for decades , reached millions , making Schuller a televangelist before the term became tarnished by the sins of his many successors . Schuller 's crowning achievement , at least architecturally , still stands in Orange County , California , though it is now owned by the Roman Catholic Church . The Crystal Cathedral , a great gleaming edifice with 10,000 glass panels , gave worshipers a look at the clouds that house the heavens , while Schuller preached in the pulpit below . The message was clear to many : The road to the former ran through the latter . During the 1980s and 1990s , Schuller 's star continued to rise , with presidents stopping by the Crystal Cathedral -- often during campaigns , it should be said -- and future megachurch pastors like Rick Warren and Bill Hybels seeking his advice . As Schuller aged , though , his family was beset by a succession scandal straight from the pages of "  King Lear . " He tried to install his only son , Bobby Jr. , as pastor of Crystal Cathedral . But the preaching styles of father and son were too different for the congregation -- measured at times at 10,000 strong -- to countenance . Bobby Schuller Jr. left "  Hour of Power " and the pulpit at Crystal Cathedral after a short time . As the family searched for a new successor and tussled over finances , viewers and donations to the church and its television show dropped precipitously . Crystal Cathedral Ministries filed for bankruptcy in 2010 , citing debts of more than $ 43 million , according to The Associated Press . Schuller 's empire , which once soared as high as his glassy cathedral , had fallen to dust . Eventually , Schuller 's grandson , also named Bobby , took over "  Hour of Power , " though at a different church . In a statement on Thursday , the younger Schuller recalled standing atop Crystal Cathedral 's 12-story Tower of Hope with his grandfather as they surveyed the surrounding landscape . "  You could see the whole world from there , " he said . People we 've lost in 2015 CNN 's Stella Chan reported from Los Angeles .	The Rev. Robert Schuller , 88 , had been diagnosed with esophageal cancer in 2013 His TV show , "  Hour of Power , " was enormously popular in the 1970s and 1980s
CNN  -- Blizzard conditions whipped through Colorado on Friday , closing some 70 miles of interstate highway as heavy snow blanketed the region , according to the state 's Department of Transportation . Officials reported a total of 600 flight cancellations at Denver International Airport , while Southwest Airlines canceled all inbound flights to Denver until 1 p.m. local time . Denver 's airport -- which was reporting 5 inches of snow as of 10:45 a.m. -- deals with an average of 1,700 flights daily , according to airport spokeswoman Jenny Schiavone . Light snow started falling in Denver Thursday as residents across the state braced for the storm . Winter weather in your area ? Share your story with iReport Parts of the region could be plowing out from under 2 feet of snow and higher drifts by Saturday , when conditions are expected to gradually taper off . The National Weather Service issued a winter storm warning starting Thursday evening along the Interstate 25 corridor , including the city of Denver . Most areas east of the city are under a blizzard warning , as snowfall rates of up to 2 inches per hour were expected . The warnings will remain in effect into late Friday evening . The airport has nearly 300 pieces of snow equipment and a team of approximately 500 trained snow removal personnel who plan to work throughout the storm . An avalanche watch that had been posted for the Front Range and Sangre de Cristo mountains was expected to expire on Friday . But rapid heavy snow on top of the currently weak snowpack structure could also quickly raise the avalanche danger , according to The Colorado Avalanche Information Center website . The storm will be slow moving , so a prolonged period of snow will occur through early Saturday , according to the National Weather Service . With winds gusting 40 mph or higher , blowing snow will make visibility at times near zero and travel on roads could be treacherous , if not impossible . A number of school districts in the Denver Metro area announced closures on their websites , including Denver Public Schools , Jefferson County Public Schools and Douglas County Schools . High temperatures are expected to remain in the 30s into early next week . CNN 's Adam Shivers contributed to this report	NEW : 600 flights are canceled at Denver International Airport Parts of the region could be plowing out of 2 feet of snow by Saturday Areas east of the city are under a blizzard warning A powerful winter storm whips through Colorado on Friday
Atlanta  CNN  -- Cars skidded around me , left and right . An 18-wheeler spun its tires and started smoking . Drivers of other big rigs slammed their accelerators to the floor , trying to get their loads moving across the snow and ice that paralyzed Atlanta Tuesday . I was surrounded by all this , hoping my mini-SUV would n't lose control -- and that none of the other vehicles slithering around in this whirlwind would slam into me . I have a wife and four kids to get home to . She and my two older children are recovering from the flu . There were no rooms available in the hotels by CNN downtown , so I left at about 3 p.m. Tuesday for the 23-mile ride to my house in Marietta , a suburb north of the city . It usually takes half an hour . After nine hours , I was only halfway home . So I stopped , waiting for the traffic to ease . When noon Wednesday came -- 21 hours after my journey began -- it became clear that "  home " was more a wish than a realistic goal . I turned around and made my way back to the CNN Center , where I will wait out the rest of this mess . I 've never experienced anything like this , anywhere in the world . Stretches of Interstate 75 looked like a vehicle graveyard . People abandoned their cars -- in some cases on the shoulder , but in others right in the middle of the highway . Some could n't move in the snow and ice . Others ran out of gas . And some drivers just gave up -- at a certain point , when you 're that exhausted , staying behind the wheel is too dangerous . Sure , it was boring to be stuck in your car barely moving all that time , but you were n't bored -- because you had to be alert the whole time , for your own safety and that of everyone around you . The snowstorm was a great equalizer . It did n't matter if you had a late model Mustang or a beater van or a Brinks armored car . Your wheels were still spinning fruitlessly on the ice , along with everybody else . Stranded drivers tell their stories The unexpected voices of commuters talking and walking between cars added to the eeriness . There were also signs of people assisting each other . Good Samaritans helped walkers back up after a fall on the ice . Others helped push cars whose tires squealed with effort to grip the road . On the other hand , there were drivers who would n't lift a finger to aid anyone if it meant giving up an inch . At one particularly gridlocked stretch , many people left their cars and walked to a nearby CVS for supplies . You were suddenly in the "  in " crowd if you held your plastic shopping bag and its treasures like a designer handbag while trying not to bust your ass on the ice . I found myself looking hungrily at those bags , craving anything to eat . I was exhausted . I had been at work since 6 a.m. I decided to get off at the next exit , Northside Parkway . I thought that was a smart call . But it turned out to be a big mistake . There was even more ice ! Here , people were spinning all over the place . I was convinced I would be next . Then , the car next to me could n't move . Its tires were spinning . So suddenly , a tiny gap opened for me to move . I decided to take that as a sign . I inched my way across the road and into the parking lot of a Taco Bell , which was open overnight . Thankfully , there were still parking spots left . My 2-year-old had played with my wallet a couple of days ago , and now I ca n't find my ATM card . Coincidence ? Perhaps . Anyway , I had exactly $ 5 . So I asked what was the most food I could get for that . They gave me some kind of combo -- a taco , burrito , and quesadilla . And a fruit punch . I had to get some shut-eye . Benefit to having a messy car : Rummaging through the trunk , I found some clothes which I managed to fashion into a pillow . So I headed back to my car , turned on the heat full blast and , when it was warm enough , turned off the car and fell asleep . I woke up when it got too cold and repeated the process a few times through the night . Fortunately , my wife had filled up the car just the day before . That made all the difference . At around 4:30 Wednesday morning , the streets were still filled with stopped cars . And Taco Bell was still filled with people . I walked inside to use the restroom . There were children inside , which broke my heart a bit . One was a toddler . When I walked back outside , I saw a father cradling his infant in the driver 's seat . Minutes later , the lights in the parking lot went out and the restaurant closed up , so everyone had to leave . I fantasized that when the sun came up the traffic would be moving . Ha ! As the sun rose , the first thing I could see was its reflection -- on a seemingly endless line of stationary cars in the road . A woman in another car near mine told me there was a Caribou Coffee open around the corner . That news came as a relief . It made my day . I spent a chunk of my morning there . Even though the store had just a limited amount of food , the longest line was not for the cashier , but for the bathrooms . I saw an employee enter those bathrooms more than once with a plunger . My thoughts are with everyone who braved the traffic and suffered through the entire night and the morning , and with those who helped them . The stories I 'm hearing from my neighborhood are all about abandoned cars and inaccessible roads . So tonight , I will make a different choice -- I will lay my head down on a cot in my office and watch videos of my kids playing in the snow . Atlanta mayor : Early city exodus crippled traffic	NEW : Stranded CNN journalist retreats , goes back to work Big-rig trucks and cars are stuck all over roadways in Atlanta The country 's ninth-largest city is essentially shut down after the storm
CNN  -- Unseeded Italian Roberta Vinci prolonged the best week of her career to date by dumping No. 7 seed Samantha Stosur out of the Dubai Tennis Championships to take her place in the last four . But her second scalp of the week has set up an uncomfortable semifinal , against best friend Sara Errani , who also happens to be the doubles partner she 's claimed three grand slam titles alongside . Having disposed of Angelique Kerber in the third round on Wednesday , Vinci was in solid form again as she took just an hour and 18 minutes to beat her Australian opponent 6-2 6-4 . Errani , the No. 5 seed Sara , disposed of Russia 's Nadia Petrova 6-4 0-6 6-3 to set up a clash that will bring forward mixed emotions for both players . "  It will be different mentally because I know her , she 's like a sister for me and we play doubles together all the time , " Errani told the Tour 's official website . "  Normally she 's with me on my side of the net and not on the other one , so to see her on the other side is tough because one of us will lose . "  She 's an amazing person outside the court . Outside the court she will always try to help you when she can . She 's like a sister to me . We stay together maybe 300 days a year . Of course we have had a lot of good moments together . "  I will have to think about it as just another tennis match , and not that it 's against her . I just have to go on the court and do my best . The good thing is one of us will be in the finals here . " Elsewhere , Agnieszka Radwanska , the No. 3 seed from Poland , was knocked out by Petra Kvitova who grabbed her first win over a top five player since the 2011 season . Czech Kvitova hit 37 winners compared to Radwanska 's six and will now face Caroline Wozniacki in the semis . The Dane edged a grueling match with Marion Bartoli , of France , to win 4-6 6-1 6-4 . "  It was disappointing to lose that first set after I had been up ; I 'm happy I turned it around , " Wozniacki said . "  In the third set I was down 2-0 and it could have been 3-0 , and all of a sudden it was n't looking good , but I kept fighting and every game was close , and I 'm happy I ended up winning it . " At the Open 13 tournament in Marseille , Juan Martin Del Potro , the No. 2 seed from Argentina , moved into the last eight after beating France 's Michael Llodra 3-6 7-6 7-5 . Del Potro , the 2009 U.S. Open champion will face another home favorite in the next round , Gilles Simon , after he beat Spain 's Roberto Bautista Agut 6-3 6-1 . Russia 's Dmitry Tursunov is also into the last eight after toppling fourth seed Janko Tipsarevic , of the Czech Republic , 7-6 6-2 .	Roberta Vinci beats No. 7 seed Samantha Stosur at Dubai Championships Unseeded Italian will now play doubles partner and ` sister ' Sara Errani Petra Kvitova knocks out No. 3 seed Agnieszka Radwanska Juan Martin Del Porto into quarterfinals at Open 13 in Marseille
CNN  -- Van Johnson , whose boyish looks and earnest manner made him a Hollywood heartthrob in the 1940s and '50s , died Friday in an assisted-care facility , a friend told CNN . Van Johnson and Judy Garland in "  In the Good Old Summertime , " one of many musicals in his lengthy career . Johnson , 92 , died around 11 a.m. of natural causes at the Tappan Zee Manor in Nyack , New York , where he had lived for seven years , said Wendy Bleiweiss . Johnson 's career stretched over six decades and across genres , from comedies and war films , such as "  The Caine Mutiny " and "  30 Seconds Over Tokyo , " to Broadway musicals and television shows , including a guest spot as the Minstrel on the campy 1960s series , "  Batman , " according to Turner Classic Movies ' Web site . The red-haired , freckle-faced actor 's youthful charm earned him a huge teen following in his heyday . He became known as the "  voiceless Sinatra , " despite a singing voice that landed him roles alongside June Allyson and Judy Garland in "  Two Girls and a Sailor " and "  In the Good Old Summertime , " according to TCM.com . Johnson was born August 25 , 1916 , to a plumber and housewife in Newport , Rhode Island . He was 16 years old when he left Rhode Island for New York City so he could forge a career in acting , Bleiweiss said . A few years later , he got his break from Lucille Ball , she said . "  She saw this redhead kid and said , ` Let 's give him a break . He seems like he can do some acting , ' " Bleiweiss said . Johnson made his Broadway debut in 1936 in "  New Faces of 1936 " before legendary director-playwright George Abbott hired him as a chorus member and understudy to the three male leads in Rodgers and Hart 's "  Too Many Girls " in 1939 . The next year , Abbott cast him as a chorus boy and Gene Kelly 's understudy in Rodgers and Hart 's groundbreaking musical "  Pal Joey , " according to TCM.com . His film debut followed in 1940 with a role in the chorus of "  Too Many Girls . " While en route to a screening in 1942 , he was in a car wreck that left him with a metal plate in his head and kept him out of the military . But that did n't stop him from acting in war films . Two years later , he received top billing in "  Two Girls and a Sailor . " Other big roles included "  A Guy Named Joe , " "  Brigadoon " and "  The Caine Mutiny . " In 1947 , Johnson married former actor Eve Lynn Johnson , who had previously been married to a close friend of Johnson 's , Keenan Wynn . The two did not have children and divorced in 1968 , according to TCM.com Johnson had a daughter , Schuyler Van Johnson , by another woman , according to TCM.com . As Johnson entered middle age , his features grew heavy but he still managed to find offbeat roles in films including "  The Bottom of the Bottle , " an unabashed melodrama in which he played an alcoholic , and "  23 Paces to Baker Street " as a blind detective . As film roles became scarce , Johnson filled the gaps with stage work . He appeared in "  The Music Man " in London , England , in 1961 and returned to Broadway in 1962 for "  Come on Strong . " In Woody Allen 's 1985 comedy , "  The Purple Rose of Cairo , " Johnson played one of the actors trapped inside the film screen in a parody of sorts of films from the 1930s . In 1987 , Johnson was praised for his work in the Broadway production of "  La Cage aux Folles . " He last appeared on stage four years ago in "  Love Letters " in a community theater in nearby Suffern , New York , but decided afterward that he would do no more , Bleiweiss said . "  He said he had seen it and done it all and now he was just going to sit back and take it easy . Those were his words , " she said . Johnson retained much of his youthful energy as he grew older , and became a frequent interview subject on the old days of Hollywood and his lengthy career , TCM.com said . Bleiweiss said she met Johnson when he moved into the home , where she was a case manager at the time . "  He still was tall and striking , " she said . "  He was one of the all-time old actors . " His ability to communicate was hampered by the loss of his hearing . Instead , he passed the time by painting , needlepoint and crocheting , she said . Though he did n't cook , he loved watching cooking shows and reruns of "  The Golden Girls , " she said . Bleiweiss said Johnson was estranged from his daughter and stepchildren for most of his life , but children brightened his day . "  When he saw them , he 'd smile and wave to them , " she said . "  It always brought a smile to his face . " A private service will be held .	Johnson died Friday morning at 92 in an assisted-living facility in Nyack , New York His career stretched over six decades and across genres , from war films to musicals Johnson 's youthful charm earned him nickname the "  voiceless Sinatra " in his heyday He got top billing in "  Two Girls and a Sailor ; " praised for role in "  La Cage aux Folles "
CNN  -- The "  Fab Five " got off to a strong start Tuesday , and it led to a golden finish . The U.S. women 's gymnastics team won its second gold medal ever , living up to its pre-tournament billing , which included a Sports Illustrated cover for the Olympic darlings . Gabby Douglas led the U.S. to a 183.596 score , while Russia finished second with 178.503 . Jordyn Wieber was a key part of the victory also , placing third in the vault and fourth on the floor . "  I 'm so proud of these girls . We did awesome , " said Douglas , who competed on all four apparatus . "  A lot of hard work and sacrifice in the gym , and it all pays off . " Wieber , who did n't qualify for the individual all-around competition because Olympic rules limit the entrants to two per team , said it was a team win . "  This could n't be possible without everyone stepping up today , " she said . " Everyone did their job and was completely amazing . I am so excited . " The U.S. had the highest score in three of the four events , including the vault , which it did first . McKayla Maroney scored a meet-high 16.233 to lead the Americans . Team USA had a two-point lead going into the final event -- the floor exercise -- over the Russians , but both Anastasia Grishina and Kseniia Afanaseva botched their routines , Afterward , there were tears for both teams . "  Well , I think the first tears were of disappointment , but the second were tears of joy , " Afanaseva said . Wieber , the world champion in the individual all around , said : "  It was just tears of happiness . I really did just go out there and made the most of my Olympics and I 'm happy I ended on this note . " Members of the Chinese team were crying , too , after a fourth-place finish . Except one member . When asked why she was n't weeping , Lu Sui responded , " "  Because the rest of the team is crying , and besides , if I cry , I will mess up my make-up . " Members of the U.S. team said they were unaware of the purported curse that goes with being on the cover of Sports Illustrated . "  I was never aware of it . Kyla was told about it in an interview . I do n't believe in that , " said Aly Raisman . "  We worked really hard to get here . " At the pool , Americans were also collecting gold medals , including one that made Olympics history . Michael Phelps became the most decorated Olympian ever , setting a record with his 19th medal after anchoring the U.S. men 's 4x200-meter freestyle team to gold . The crowd at London 's Aquatic Centre rose to its feet as Phelps churned home , well ahead of France 's Yannick Agnel . "  I 've been in a huddle with them  his teammates in the relay  because they made it possible , " Phelps said . "  If I did n't get a big enough lead then who knows what would have happened . " With the gold , Phelps broke a brief tie with Larisa Latynina , a Soviet gymnast who won18 total medals from 1956 to 1964 . Phelps now has 15 gold , two silver and two bronze medals spanning four Olympics . An hour earlier , Phelps was a dejected silver medalist . SI analysis : Three thoughts from the swimming finals Phelps led his signature race , the 200-meter butterfly . from the start until the last few meters , appearing to be ready to become the first man to win an individual event in three consecutive Olympics . But just as Phelps glided into the finish , South African Chad le Clos , a 20-year-old whose idol was swimming in the lane right next to him , cranked one last big stroke to edge his hero Phelps at the wall . It reminded swimming commentators of Phelps ' 100-meter butterfly win at the Beijing Games when he took a quick final stroke as Serbian Milorad Cavic stretched for the wall . This time it was Phelps who was caught reaching . After the race , the shocked Phelps put his face in his hands . It was only later , on the medal stand when he broke into a big smile . "  It was my last one and I would have liked to have won , " he said . American Allison Schmitt won the women 's 200-meter freestyle in Olympic record time . Michael Phelps : "  I consider myself normal " Chinese swimmer Shiwen Ye won her second gold medal , taking the women 's 200 individual medley in Olympic record time . The performances of the 16-year-old have resulted in some wondering out loud about possible doping . "  I just train well and perform well and keep on going , " she said . "  I think that was a little bit unfair for me , but it did n't affect me . Other swimmers have won multiple golds , how come they criticize me ? " History had already been made once at the Olympics on Tuesday when Queen Elizabeth 's equestrian granddaughter Zara Phillips put her name in the record books earlier in the day by becoming the first member of the British royal family to win an Olympic medal . She claimed a silver as part of the British eventing team . Her mother , Princess Anne , a 1976 Olympic equestrian , draped the medal around her neck . Another British Olympian , Tom Daley , was in the news for a less happy reason as police arrested a 17-year-old accused of abusing the teen diver in comments on Twitter . After his day on the tennis court , Jo-Wilfried Tsonga of France needed some sleep . He beat Milos Raonic in three sets , but the score of the final stanza was 25-23 . "  For me it 's good because this is the only way , you know , to write my name in history for the moment , " he said . "  With Rafa  Nadal  , Roger  Federer  and Novak  Djokovic  , even Andy  Roddick  , you know , it 's tough to go through big tournaments . So ... I 'm really happy . I hope I will have some more . "	NEW : U.S. gymnast : "  We did awesome " NEW : Swimmer Ye brushes off criticism , wins another gold NEW : Two male tennis players go to 45th game in final set Michael Phelps wins 19th Olympic medal , best all time
London  CNN  -- What do artificial whiskers and coffee-filled balloons have in common ? The answer is that they are both tools on experimental robots -- but they are also being put forward as possible ideas to help future planetary explorations . "  Shrewbot " is the latest in a line of robots developed by teams at the UK 's Bristol Robotics Laboratory  BRL  that aims to test whether artificial whiskers could help a robot find its way around . Inspired by the Etruscan shrew -- one of the world 's tiniest mammals -- scientists wanted to find out if a robot could explore its environment using touch instead of vision , just as rats , mice and shrews find food in the dark . Team leader Martin Pearson , who works at the Biotact project , said the research was primarily to assist biologists in their understanding of how an animal 's touch sensing works . But he added : "  Future robotic applications for this kind of sensing could be in search-and-rescue robots operating in smoke filled buildings or for sub-sea pipeline inspection robots in the murky depths of the sea . " The idea has also been suggested as a way to explore planetary surfaces where there is limited vision . Speaking at a space conference at the UK 's Rutherford Appleton Laboratory , robotics expert and co-founder of the BRL , Alan Winfield , identified it as one of a number of advancements that might be useful to space scientists planning future missions . "  I was speculating that whiskers could provide a planetary rover with the ability to feel its way around , " he told CNN . "  It may be that certain types of geology would be helped if you could , for instance , run the whiskers across the rock sample because you can get texture from whiskers . "  You can also imagine planets with thick , heavy atmospheres where vision would be completely useless . One of the beauties of whiskers is that the whisker can get damaged but still works -- all the sensing is done at the root . " Winfield also pointed to research carried out by Cornell , the University of Chicago , iRobot Corp and Liquidia that produced a robotic gripper using coffee granules and a latex party balloon . It exploits the way vacuum-packed coffee is rigid until the seal is broken and then the coffee granules can flow , adapting to the shape of an object it is pressed against . The vacuum can then be restored and the balloon ` jams ' solid to form a grip . Watch how the gripper works at Cornell Creative Machines Lab In 2010 "  jamming gripper " researcher Heinrich Jaeger described in the Cornell Chronicle how the project had "  opened the door to applications none of us had originally thought about . " One of those applications , Winfield suggested , is a potential alternative for gathering samples on a planetary rover mission . "  Almost any planetary exploration robot is likely to need a gripper to pick up or collect rock samples for analysis or collection , " he said on his blog . "  Something like the Jaeger-Lipson coffee balloon gripper would -- I think -- provide a much better solution . This soft gripper avoids the hard control and computation because the soft material adapts itself to the thing it is gripping . " Speaking to CNN , Jaeger said it would be exciting to work with space scientists . "  It 's wonderful to see engineers and researchers come up with new ideas based on granular jamming . "  The main advantage of the jamming gripper is that it can deal effectively with very irregularly shaped objects and needs to cover only a fraction of the sample 's surface in order to hold on to it . "  Perhaps even more importantly for a rover mission on Mars -- there are no mechanical parts that can get clogged up by dust . "  A third advantage is that the gripper is exceedingly gentle . It will put very little stress on the object to be gripped because it distributes the holding force over a large contact area that very closely conforms to the object 's shape . " Winfield said this new field of "  soft robotics " could be well suited to space exploration , explaining that the BRL is now working on touch sensors for robots . "  It 's easy to see that giving planetary robots touch sensing could be useful , but there 's another possibility ... the potential to allow Earth scientists to feel what the robot 's sensor is feeling , " he told CNN . Looking further into the future , Winfield believes so-called swarm robots -- large groups of simple robots that work together like social insects -- ones that can self-assemble and adapt to the environment in the way living creatures do , could also aid scientists exploring new worlds . "  Imagine that robots can actually remake parts of themselves -- we ca n't even do that in the lab yet -- but in theory you can imagine robots that can adapt their physical shape as well as their behaviors to meet a particular environment ... it 's almost like evolution except these are mechanical devices , " he said . However , he also believes that this technology -- along with fully autonomous robots that can think for themselves -- is a long way off . "  This field is very much a concept that we are developing in the lab -- I would n't expect these swarms of robots in space any time soon , " he said .	"  Shrewbot " aims to test whether artificial whiskers could help a robot navigate Robotics expert Alan Winfield suggests they could be useful for planetary rovers He also points to work on soft robotics that could aid space exploration So-called ` swarm robots ' might be able to adapt to an alien planet 's environment , he says
Ever since it appeared on the cover of Animals , Pink Floyd 's 1977 album , Battersea Power Station in London has been famous around the world . It has appeared in everything from the Beatles ' 1965 movie Help ! to Christopher Nolan 's 2008 Batman movie The Dark Knight , and even Dr Who . But later this year , its distinctive chimneys -- the best-loved parts of one of London 's best-loved buildings -- will be demolished . Then they will be built back up again . "  The chimneys are the most powerful part of the icon , " says Jim Eyre , director of Wilkinson Eyre , the architects commissioned to develop the building . "  Take them away , and you do n't have an icon . The coal fumes has decayed the concrete , so they have to come down . But we 're going to painstakingly reconstruct them . " Such will be the attention to detail that even the paint used will be precisely the same hue . And it will be sourced from the same manufacturer that provided the paint for the original chimneys , more than 80 years ago . The replacement of the chimneys is just the first stage in a development that will change Battersea Power Station forever , arousing a passionate debate . A London Icon The power station was built in the Thirties as a functioning coal-fired electricity generator . But the building was so distinctive that it became recognized as a valuable part of the cityscape . The station stopped functioning in 1983 , and has since fallen into disrepair . It 's vast -- St Paul 's Cathedral , another of London 's landmarks , could snugly fit into its old turbine rooms -- and over the years it has acquired the status of one of the architectural world 's best-known white elephants . Now , funded by Malaysian developers , work is underway to transform the building into a massive complex of retail space , offices , and luxury "  villas " . Crowning the top of the development , at a height of more than 160 feet , there will be a roof garden . The first phase will be completed in 2016 . Eyre 's plans for the chimneys are emblematic of his approach towards developing the site . "  Two of them are still going to be used as flues for the massive , modern energy center that we 're going to construct to power the place , " he says . "  The third will remain hollow with a glass roof , and the fourth will house a cylindrical glass elevator that will pop out at the top at a viewing platform . " Although the massive central cavity will be split into five floors and stuffed with stores and offices , Eyre has included several areas where a "  cut-out " will allow a glimpse of the distant ceiling . "  There was a temptation to fill it right to the edges , " he says . "  But when you enter the building , there will be an opening into a big space that will preserve the stunning sense of volume . " Care will be taken to protect a flavor of the past on the inside , too . In an approach that Eyre calls "  light renovation " , graffiti and the stains of age will not be scrubbed clean or painted over . As part of the development , the building will be surrounded by large , modern office and retail blocks , with the flanks of the power station obscured from many angles . Many feel that this is a shame , while others argue that this is the price for attracting investment to the site . Questions have been raised , however , over the price of the new apartments . At # 2,000 per square foot , they will cost the same as those in the "  golden postcodes " of Kensington and Chelsea and parts of Westminster . For an icon that represents all of London , that seems a little exclusive . "  I am aware of that , " he says . "  The control room , for instance , is a wonderful example of art deco extravagance . It would be easy to turn it into a restaurant , but it would be a very expensive restaurant . Instead it will be a space for public events , like fashion shows . " Controversial restoration The development of the Battersea Power Station has re-opened the highly-charged debate about whether -- and how -- iconic buildings should be preserved , modified or replaced , and who they "  belong " to . In this age of technology , fast-paced social change and innovation , many see it as the most important architectural dilemma of our times . Sir Terry Farrell , one of Britain 's foremost architects hose credits include everything from Charing Cross Station to the MI6 headquarters on the banks of the Thames , is sharply critical of Eyre 's design . "  I think it 's rather sad , " he told CNN . "  There 's quite a fashion for keeping the outside appearance of a building at the expense of the interior . When you 're inside Battersea Power Station , you wo n't know it because the corridors , shops and apartments will be the same as everywhere else . " "  My feeling is that it 's the sheer opportunity to get a couple of million square feet in there . Under the pretext of keeping the shell of the building , you 're getting planning consent for a lot of space . In London , you can charge # 2,000 per square foot . That 's quite a lot of money , and I can see the temptation . But there are other ways that could work just as well . " Farrell 's own design for the site , which was not taken forward because of fears over planning permission , would have turned the power station into an "  iconic ruin " standing over a massive public space . It would have been made financially viable by the construction of high-value apartments around the power station . "  I said that what we should do is remove the walls but retain the colonnade , and make the whole interior a park , " he said . "  It would be like a giant abbey ruins , or a Greek temple with just the columns and no roof . The key features , like the control rooms , would be kept exactly in the place they occurred on legs . " This , he argued , would enable people to "  go in and feel the space " . "  You would understand far more what it used to be . It would be a sort of monument , " he said . "  It would be far better than going to a shopping center , or a luxury home , and saying , ` do you realize this used to be Battersea Power Station ? ' " Such controversy is only to be expected when the future of such an important building as this is at stake . And the more iconic a building , the more forensic critics of its redevelopment will be . Eye-popping vertical : Photos give Hong Kong skyscrapers a radical new look The enduring allure of steam trains : A nostalgic journey back in time A rare snoop inside homes of some of the world 's greatest living architects	As part of the Battersea Power Station renovation , the chimneys will be knocked down then rebuilt Malaysian developers are funding the station 's transformation into offices and luxury villas The power station has ignited debate on how iconic buildings should be maintained
CNN  -- For a group of high-schoolers being framed for their friend 's murder , the characters on "  Pretty Little Liars " sure put a lot of thought into their outfits . It 's like costume designer Mandi Line says : Why be conservative about hemlines and heel heights on a show where a teacher is dating a student and a drunk girl ca n't remember if she dug up her friend 's dead body ? "  We always go down this whole list of things every time  the producers  call me out with , ` Those heels are a little high , ' " said Line , who has worked on the ABC Family series since its first season , which premiered in 2010 . Fall TV Fashion : ` Revenge ' Viewers only have to wait until October 23 for the show 's anticipated Halloween special . And Line says fashion lovers are in for a treat when the third season returns . Emily , the queen of simple tank tops and tees , will really step up her game ; Hanna 's skirts are getting a little bit shorter ; Aria continues to push the envelope ; and a new , top-secret storyline influences Spencer 's wardrobe . But when you 're dealing with characters who routinely wind up with blood on their hands -- that 's literally and figuratively -- plucking looks off the runway is n't always an option . Just a few episodes ago , Hanna  Ashley Benson  was stabbed in the leg while wearing a pair of neon pink pants . Line said her team had to "  do a lot of driving " to find at least four identical pairs for multiple scenes and takes . The blood just would n't have shown up as well against blue jeans , she said . "  I try not to make it inconvenient for  my team  , " Line added , though she recently had to track down five of the same $ 150 shirt . Hanna gets a drink spilled on her while wearing it in an upcoming episode . Line said dressing main characters Emily , Spencer , Aria and Hanna like typical high school students would be boring , adding , you ca n't blame viewers for "  wanting to go to some sort of fantasyland . " "  One of the things that 's hilarious is that Mandi , she 'll pick such amazing costumes that they 're , at times , hilariously inappropriate for what we 're doing , " said Troian Bellisario , who plays Spencer on the series . "  Our school outfits are outrageous . Sometimes we 're all standing together in the hallways , and we 'll look around at all of our background actors who look like normal high school students . And we kind of make a joke , like , no wonder nobody talks to us in this school because we literally look so out of place . " Never mind the disconnect between the main characters and the background actors , typically clad in pieces from Forever 21 and Wet Seal , Line said . The costume designer can hardly believe Aria , Hanna , Spencer and Emily are best friends given their distinctive styles : "  I always wonder why , fashionwise , they would even talk to each other . " Bellisario , whose character Spencer dresses the preppiest of the bunch , says , "  When you start out on a TV show ... the network really wants you to have a strict character style so that at any point in the show , your character is identifiable from the back side . ... It 's really important on a show with three brunettes . " But as the characters evolve , so do their styles . "  Spencer is  not that girl you were introduced to in the argyle sweater and the pearls in the pilot , " Line said . The one thing that has stuck with Spencer , however , is the skinny watch she always wears an inch or two above her wrist . "  At the beginning of every day , I get to walk in and somebody hands me my watch and that 's how I know it 's Spencer Time , " said Bellisario . It was her idea for Spencer to wear the timepiece in the first place . And that 's not the only way the actress ' style has influenced her character 's . "  I dislike color in general , especially pastels , " Bellisario said . "  I think the way  Line  always compromises with me is , I love knee socks , like thigh high socks , in everyday life . And tights . And so whenever she gives me something that I 'm not happy about on top , she 's like , ` Look , I 'll give you tights and boots . ' " Though , she said there is a bit of style envy when it comes to her costars . "  Whenever I walk into the costume fitting room , I 'll see something on a rack or on the floor and I 'll ooh and ahh over it , " she said . "  And immediately Mandi will say , ` No , that 's Aria 's . '  Actress  Lucy  Hale  definitely , definitely has the most fun in terms of style on the show . She gets the coolest clothes . " Line said she used to think that Aria , played by Hale , was the most fashionable of the girls , but now she just considers the character to have "  schizophrenia fashion . " "  One episode is stripes , there 's an episode where she 's a rockabilly . And then this one she looks like a flapper . Literally , she 's so inconsistent . ... The only thing that 's consistent is that she wears , like , 1,000 pounds of jewelry , " Line said . The character popped up in the summer finale wearing a metallic blue , pleated leather skirt from Topshop that Line modified . "  That 's not in . But it 's going to be , " she said . "  These kids do become  fashion icons  . " And Jessica Simpson knows it . Shortly after the singer/actress/designer tweeted in June about sending the show "  some @JSCollection goodies , " Line said she received a box with "  a crap load of stuff . " The costume designer acknowledges that many teens are likely not wearing Jeffrey Campbell wedges , Rag and Bone jeans or Vince sweaters to school , which is why she makes an effort "  to stay within some sort of a realistic price point . " " ` Gossip Girl ' put TV fashion on the map . You had ` Sex and the City ' and then you had ` Gossip Girl . ' But what 's really good about ` Pretty Little Liars ' is , 75 % of the items are attainable . ... You can save up for that Free People top . You can save up for that Rachel Roy dress , " she said . That 's part of the reason she said she loves featuring Rebecca Minkoff 's designs on the show . And Minkoff told CNN that the brand 's unofficial partnership with the series has certainly been beneficial . During the show 's second season , Minkoff said one of the characters referenced her red minibag by name . "  From there we noticed a definite uptick in sales , " she added . Minkoff said her fall offerings include "  a lot of embossed , faux python " handbags , "  great outerwear pieces " and a ton of "  rich burgundy and purple " -- so do n't be surprised to see such trends show up on "  Pretty Little Liars " this fall . Line said it did n't take her long to realize what the series was capable of , having heard from viewers who watch each episode twice : First for the plot points , and then again for the fashion . After all , it 's not surprising that Line says she has "  creative freedom " on set . Anyone who can glue craft pom poms on a brown maxiskirt from a rental house , pair it with a pink blouse and make it look fashion-forward deserves at least that much .	Mandi Line is the costume designer behind ABC Family 's "  Pretty Little Liars " A new , top-secret storyline will influence Spencer 's  Troian Bellisario  wardrobe , she says At times , outfits are "  hilariously inappropriate for what we 're doing , " Bellisario says Emily , the queen of simple tank tops and tees , will really step up her game , Line says
CNN  -- They have blown out in spectacular style and drawn criticism from one of the world 's top drivers , but Pirelli insists there is nothing wrong with the tires it supplies to Formula One . Pirelli came under intense scrutiny after tire degradation led to four retirements at June 's British Grand Prix , while Ferrari 's two-time world champion Fernando Alonso recently described the tires as "  not good . " Pirelli 's CEO has defended the rubber provided by the Italian manufacturer , suggesting some drivers are not using the tires correctly . "  I have to say that he was very nervous when he said that , " Marco Tronchetti Provera told CNN when asked about Alonso 's remarks at October 's Korean Grand Prix , which was won by newly-crowned drivers ' champion Sebastian Vettel . "  It was not because of tires -- he was n't able to win for a number of reasons . If they did n't use the tires properly , it 's not our fault . " Pirelli is in the third year of its agreement to supply tires to F1 , and Tronchetti Provera does not rule out the possibility of extending the company 's deal beyond 2015 . He warns that , if the working relationship between F1 and Pirelli continues , teams should pay attention to the advised limits of each tire compound . With F1 bosses asking for tires not to last as long , in order to make the racing more exciting , pit-stop strategies have become more important -- and teams have been pushing tires to the limit in their search for an advantage . "  We can do whatever is needed , but with the respect of the rules , " the 65-year-old said . "  It means tires have to be used within the limits we provide teams . " While Pirelli 's reputation in the paddock might have taken a knock , Tronchetti Provera insists the brand itself has not adversely affected by its association with F1 -- earning $ 1.5 billion on sales of over $ 8 billion last year . "  We had some damages for a few weeks after Silverstone , " he admits , "  but I think today people understand it was n't Pirelli 's fault . " The 2013 F1 season continues with the United States Grand Prix in Austin on November 17 , before coming to a close in Brazil seven days later .	Pirelli CEO defends the tires the manufacturer supplies to Formula One Tire blowouts have attracted headlines during the 2013 season Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso described the tires as "  not good " Pirelli is in the third year of its F1 deal and likely to continue in 2014 season
CNN  -- FC Basel will take a 1-0 lead over Bayern Munich into the second leg of their Champions League last 16 tie after a late winner from substitute Valentin Stocker earned victory on Wednesday , when 2010 title winners Inter Milan also conceded a last-gasp goal to lose in Marseille . Bayern , the runners-up two seasons ago and four-time European champions , will still be hoping to make the final of the continent 's top club competition , which will be held at the German side 's home Allianz Stadium on May 19 . But with only three wins in seven games since Christmas , and a run of 240 minutes without a goal , Jupp Heynckes ' team will need to improve in the home leg on March 13 . "  We only seem to win when we take the lead in the first half . If we do n't , it turns out like tonight . It 's just not happening for us at the moment , " said goalkeeper Manuel Neuer . Stocker struck in the 86th minute to stun the Bavarian giants , giving the Swiss side a precious advantage . Bayern might have been on the score sheet early at the St. Jakob Stadium , but home goalkeeper Yann Sommer twice denied Franck Ribery in a frantic opening . But Basel , who had accounted for English powerhouses Manchester United in the group stages , also went close to a breakthrough . Blog : Should Man City accept Tevez apology ? Defender Aleksandar Dragovic forced Neuer into a reflex save and Alexander Frei rattled the crossbar from close range . Sommer continued his excellent night as he kept out a curling shot from David Alaba on the half-hour mark . Basel captain Marco Streller wasted a good chance just after the break when he headed straight at Neuer , but it was Bayern who gained the upper hand and appeared to be headed for at least a draw . Then with four minutes left , Cameroon striker Jacques Zoua picked out Stocker , who had been left clear by poor Bayern defending , and he shot underneath Neuer . Serie A giants Inter must have also thought they were heading for a goalless draw at the Stade Velodrome until Ghana 's Andre Ayew popped up to head home for Marseille in the 93rd minute . It was the seventh game without a win for the Italians under Claudio Ranieri , who was left to rue his side 's luck . "  We played a good match , in which we created more chances than them , and we did n't deserve to leave beaten , " the Inter manager told the match broadcaster .	FC Basel beat Bayern Munich 1-0 in Champions League last 16 first leg Late goal from substitute Valentin Stocker seals win for Swiss side Basel put out Manchester United in group stages Marseille beat Inter Milan 1-0 in their first leg tie in France
London  CNN  -- The deaths of 16 children aged five and six together with their teacher in the Scottish town of Dunblane in 1996 was one of Britain 's worst incidents of gun-related violence . The massacre stunned the country , but what did the UK do to try to prevent such a tragedy happening again ? What happened at Dunblane ? Shortly after 9 a.m. on March 13 , 1996 , Thomas Hamilton , a 43-year-old former Scout leader , burst into the gymnasium of a primary school in the tranquil Scottish town of Dunblane . Within minutes 15 children aged five and six had died in a hail of bullets . One died later in hospital . Their teacher , Gwen Mayor , a 44-year-old mother of two , died in the attack , reportedly while trying to shield her pupils . Two other teachers were also seriously injured while heroically trying to protect children . Hamilton turned one of his four handguns on himself and was found dead at the scene . Tennis star Andy Murray , who grew up in Dunblane , was present during the attack at his school , but normally refuses to speak about his experience . He posted this tribute during the weekend on his website : "  My heart goes out to all those poor children , their families and the community in Newtown in Connecticut , so so sad . " In his autobiography "  Hitting Back , " Murray recalled how as an eight-year-old boy he was walking to the gymnasium when shooting broke out . A teacher led him and his classmates into the headteacher 's study where they took refuge . "  Some of my friends ' brothers and sisters were killed . I have only retained patch impressions of that day , such as being in a classroom singing songs . The weirdest thing was that we knew the guy -LSB- Hamilton -RSB- . He had been in my mum 's car . It 's obviously weird to think you had a murderer in your car , sitting next to your mum . " Who was Hamilton ? Many local people said Hamilton was an oddball -- a loner obsessed with guns and young boys , someone who did n't fit into society . He was reported to have held a grudge against the Scouting movement and his local community after police questioned him about inappropriate behavior to boys in his care . Raymond Reid , secretary of a local shooting club that rejected Hamilton for membership , described him as "  sleazy . " "  He was just one of these people that you got a gut feeling about ... did n't like -- or at least I did n't particularly like him , " Reid said . Nevertheless , Hamilton held a permit to own handguns , possibly including the ones he used at Dunblane . What was the reaction to the massacre ? The massacre , one of the worst incidents of gun violence in Britain , had a massive impact in Scotland , the rest of the UK and around the world . "  This is a slaughter of the innocents , unlike anything we have ever seen in Scotland , and I think Scotland is going to have to come to terms with it , " said Scottish MP Helen Liddell at the time . After the massacre , appalled residents of Dunblane and bereaved relatives demanded to know how a person like Hamilton could be allowed to own guns . A highly successful public campaign in the months after Dunblane against gun ownership culminated in a petition being handed to the government with almost 750,000 signatures , according to British media reports . In response , then Conservative Prime Minister John Major set up a public inquiry to look into gun laws and assess ways to better protect the public . What happened next ? In the wake of the 1987 Hungerford massacre , in which one lone gunman killed 16 people , Britain introduced new legislation -- the Firearms  Amendment  Act 1988 -- making registration mandatory for owning shotguns and banning semi-automatic and pump-action weapons . Within a year and a half of the Dunblane massacre , UK lawmakers had passed a ban on the private ownership of all handguns in mainland Britain , giving the country some of the toughest anti-gun legislation in the world . After both shootings there were firearm amnesties across the UK , resulting in the surrender of thousands of firearms and rounds of ammunition . Britain has never had a "  gun culture " like that of the United States , but there were about 200,000 legally-registered handguns in Britain before the ban , most owned by sports shooters . All small-bore pistols , including the .22 caliber , were included in the ban , along with rifles used by target shooters . Penalties for anyone found in possession of illegal firearms range from heavy fines to prison terms of up to 10 years . "  It was one of the most shocking things that has ever happened in this country and it united the country in a feeling that we had to do something , " Gill Marshall Andrews , of the Gun Control Network , told CNN . "  And I do n't think that it would have been possible to make the kind of progress that we have made without that tragedy . " The public generally supported the ban , with most saying they saw no need for guns . However , others complained bitterly that the ban deprived legitimate sports shooters of their hobby and demonized them . "  Just because we enjoy shooting does n't mean that we think everybody should be free to go into any shop on any street corner and buy a gun without having some suitable checks , " firearms expert Michael Yardley , spokesman for Britain 's Sportsmans ' Society , said at the time . "  There is obviously a balanced position . What we do n't like is being scapegoated . "  Anyone who has any expert knowledge in this field realizes that a simplistic ban , bureaucratic ban on one category of firearm , was never going to solve a real world problem , " Yardley said . "  But that 's what 's happened , and what we 're going to see is handgun crime will continue as ever . It will probably grow . " What effect did the ban have ? According to bare statistics , the ban initially appeared to have little impact , as the number of crimes involving guns in England and Wales rose heavily during the late 1990s to peak at 24,094 offenses in 2003/04 . Since then the number has fallen in each year . In 2010/11 there were 11,227 offenses , 53 % below the peak number , according to the official crime figures . Crimes involving handguns also fell 44 % -- from 5,549 in 2002/03 to 3,105 -- in 2010/11 . Despite this , the effectiveness of Britain 's gun laws has been repeatedly questioned . The most high-profile mass shooting happened in 2010 when a lone gunman killed 12 people in a four-hour shooting spree in rural Cumbria , northern England . After a huge manhunt , the body of 52-year-old taxi driver Derrick Byrd was found alongside two powerful rifles , one equipped with a telescopic sight . Criminologist Peter Squires said the real picture shows a slight but significant decline in the use of firearms since Dunblane . The figures do n't tell the whole story , he said , but "  the murder rate has fallen and all the indicators are moving in the right direction . " Squires , professor of criminology at Brighton University and a member of the Gun Control Network , said he believed the fall in crimes where guns were used was due to new legislation coupled with better policing against gangs . "  Any weapon can be misused in a crime . Gun control will never be a complete solution to events like the mass shooting we saw in Connecticut . The swamp of gun use has not been fully drained and while tighter gun control removes risk on an incremental basis , significant numbers of weapons remain in Britain . " He added it was important to note that a big problem remained in Britain and other countries with imitation guns , converted weapons such as starting pistols and air guns , "  which many people regard as only one step up from a toy . "	Tennis star Andy Murray present at Dunblane attack , pays tribute to Connecticut victims Campaign against gun ownership led to 750,000-name petition handed to government British public generally supported ban -- most saying they saw no need for guns Despite fall in gun crime since ban introduced , in 2010 a lone gunman killed 12 people
New York  CNN  -- Three years ago I began research on a book dedicated to the national pastimes : shopping and buying . The plan was to devote the first half of the story to what I called the "  sell side " : the retailers , marketers and consumer researchers who have their sights trained on us . The second half would be about us , the "  buy side . " I would explore all that attracts us -- bees to nectar -- to specific stores and products , why some of us are cheapskates and others have holes in our pockets . Then , a not-so-funny thing happened . Between the time I started my reporting and the time I handed in my finished manuscript , both the sell and the buy sides had cratered . Home prices crashed . Credit markets collapsed . The government tried feverishly to glue broken banks back together . Unemployment went up and up and up . The result : consumer spending -- as in that which drives 70 percent of the U.S. economy -- was running on fumes . Department store sales sank by double-digits . "  The golden age of spending for the American consumer has ended and a new age of thrift likely has begun , " said a Wall Street analyst . "  Sixty percent off is the new black , " quipped a magazine fashion writer . Gone , seemingly overnight , were the throngs of buyers from Europe and Asia who had been dragging their wheelies down Fifth Avenue in New York , loading up on shoes and handbags and leaving us American shoppers feeling , even then , like poor country cousins . Word spread that we were now living in "  the Wal-Mart moment , " which was likely to be rather drawn out . Our longstanding fetish for bigger , faster , flashier , pricier was no more . . With the most hyped shopping day on the calendar -- Black Friday ! -- upon us , we all might take a deep breath and focus , not just on where to find the best door-busters , but on more important questions : What is going on out there ? In the buying and selling universe , are we witnessing a permanent change in values ? Have we all turned forever frugal ? The fact is , nobody 's quite sure right now . Over the past several months , there have been small signs of recovery . Consumer confidence surveys offer a glimmer of hope . On the "  sell side " retailers are viewing the holiday selling season with slightly more optimism than when they put in their holiday purchase orders six months ago . And it seems reasonable to hope that we 've at least touched bottom and that the consumer escalator is on the way up again , however fitfully . But on the buy side -- our side -- things have changed dramatically , and in some ways for the better . We 're shopping more with our heads , not just our hearts ; we 're thinking about the things we buy . A woman in Boston -- affluent , accomplished , largely unscathed by the financial collapse -- told me that when she now looks back on the expensive shoes and clothes she bought routinely just a few years ago , she "  just ca n't believe what I was doing . " The Internet is now a daily , indispensable tool we use to search for better prices and seek counsel from others with firsthand knowledge of brands and stores we might be considering . The result : Up and down the socioeconomic ladder we 're shopping more prudently . We 're paying down credit card balances and placing greater value not just on the new and novel , the cool and the trendy , but also on value itself . Does it work ? Is the price fair ? Will it last ? And yes , we 're also splurging now and then -- on impulse purchases that can make a day all the more sweet : a new hairstyle , a brightly colored this-or-that for spring , an electronic gadget that performs amazing tricks , some useful , some just diverting . There are those who would tell us that purchases like this -- "  unnecessary ! " "  juvenile ! " etc. -- are signs of character weakness , that we are routinely "  conned " into buying useless things by manipulative Mad Men , but I think it 's more complicated . Because if there 's one thing I learned after three years of watching folks shop and buy -- in good times , then bad -- it is n't that we buy that 's been our problem , it 's how we bought that was the issue : recklessly , and with little more than a piece of plastic or phantom home equity . But that was then . This is now , and a little self-reward -- a from-me-to-me purchase here , an I-love-you purchase there -- are hardly crimes in my book . Assuming , of course , they do n't bring down the house -- this holiday season and beyond . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Lee Eisenberg	Lee Eisenberg says a down economy has turned American spenders into scrimpers It 's early to tell whether consumer habits have shifted permanently , he says Eisenberg : Consumers are placing a new importance on value when they buy
CNN  -- Not many people can combine a dream vacation with their place of work . But not many people "  work " by drawing pictures in the sand on the beach . Andres Amador does . San Franciscan Amador , 42 , is an "  earthscape artist . " He uses rope and a rake to create large geometric drawings on beaches . His work can span an entire beach -- often covering 9,300 square meters  100,000 square feet  in area -- and usually takes little longer than two hours to create . That 's useful , for his canvas is ephemeral , often subject to rogue waves , high tides  he always sculpts during low tide  and dogs . None of that fazes the former computer technician , who has so far drawn hundreds of short-lived artworks on around 30 beaches in the United States , Mexico and the Channel Islands . He 's been commissioned to create backdrops for marriage proposals , memorial ceremonies , commercial artwork for a car company and offers workshops for people who want to learn how to create their own beach art . "  Ultimately , when it is finished , I let it go , " he says . "  For me the energy and draw is around the act of creation . " Inspired by crop circles Amador was drawn to ancient geometric art after studying crop circle reconstructions . Then , one cloudless day 10 years ago on Kalalau Beach on the Hawaiian island of Kaua'i , Amador was showing a friend the geometric art he 'd been studying using a stick in the sand . " -LSB- I drew -RSB- one circle and -LSB- explained to my friend -RSB- the meaning it has had for people ; two overlapping circles and the line between their centers ; three overlapping circles which form a triangle , " Amador tells CNN . "  I suddenly realized that all of the crop circle reconstructions I had been studying start in this exact way , which establish reference points for everything that follows . "  It felt like a bolt from the heavens , in which I had a vision that I could do enormous designs on the sand . " In 2004 , Amador drew his first piece on Ocean Beach in San Francisco , a wide beach near Amador 's home . His work grew from there . Dogs not the artist 's ally Amador keeps a log of ideas on flash cards and picks one before heading to the beach . He 's created hundreds of beach murals on just 30 or so beaches . Not every beach provides the right conditions . "  The needs I have in a beach have been such that there are few that are available to me , " says Amador . "  I need a large beach that is relatively flat . Then I need a high high tide followed by a low , low tide . These occur several times of the month . "  At these times the canvas I have to work with is maximized . Other considerations are the scenery of the beach and the quality of the sand -- some dries faster than others . "  I also appreciate beaches without a lot of traffic , particularly dogs -- they 're the worst for creating scars in the sand . " Amador hopes to inspire people to "  follow what brings you joy . " "  I did this art for many years without pay simply because it was so enlivening to do so , " says Amador . "  If I can inspire others , I hope that I can offer the message that the path is more important than the destination -- that the journey should be the focus . "  When one is experiencing joy , then the world also receives that joy . And the world can always use more joy . "	Artist Andres Amador started drawing on beaches with rake and rope in 2004 He draws geometric patterns on beaches over areas up to 9,300 square meters Amador does n't mind that they wash away
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Conflict raged Wednesday in volatile northwestern Pakistan , with nine militants killed in a gun battle , the Taliban 's abduction and release of about 30 police officers , and strikes on stranded NATO trucks . Pakistani policemen at a check point in Khyber Agency near the Pakistan-Afghanistan border , February 12 , 2008 . It 's the latest fighting between Pakistani security forces and the Taliban militants in the northwestern region near Afghanistan . The country 's central government has little control in the area , and U.S. intelligence officials say the area is a haven for militants . Nine militants were killed when police and local residents foiled an attempted kidnapping of the mayor in a village on the outskirts of Peshawar , police told CNN . Taliban fighters attempted to abduct Fahim Ur Rehman , but police and residents resisted and a gun battle ensued . Along with the slain militants , two police and two civilians were wounded and some of the militants fled . The village , Bazid Khel , is located between Peshawar and the Khyber Agency in the tribal areas . In the Swat Valley , militants abducted around 30 police Tuesday night but eventually released them on Wednesday . Taliban spokesman Muslim Khan confirmed to CNN that the personnel had been released after returning to the path of Islam and promising not to return to their jobs . Police told CNN that the security personnel had been forced to agree to the Taliban 's terms and confirmed the release . There are conflicting details about the incident , in which Taliban forces attacked the Shamozai check post in the Barikot area of Swat Valley on Tuesday night and captured the people after a nightlong firefight . Khan said the personnel surrendered after Taliban forces mined the area , preventing access . He said their ammunition was seized when supply vehicles coming to assist government forces were stopped by Taliban mines . Pakistan police said the security personnel did n't surrender ; they were caught after they used up their ammunition . Police and military sources said the personnel were police , but Khan said paramilitary officers as well as police were among the group . Locals said government forces came under attack Tuesday evening and ran out of ammunition before surrendering . This comes as the Pakistani military beefed up its operations this week in the Swat Valley . In the latest in a series of recent attacks meant to choke off supplies into Afghanistan for the United States and its allies , a rocket strike destroyed at least nine vehicles near the town Landi Kotal in the Khyber Agency -- one of seven semiautonomous tribal agencies along the Afghan border , a Khyber official told CNN . The trucks were returning from Afghanistan but were stranded in the town because , a day earlier , suspected militants had destroyed a bridge connecting Landi Kotal to Jamrod , another part of the Khyber Agency . The bridge 's destruction had forced authorities to halt traffic . Because Afghanistan is landlocked , many of the supplies for NATO-led troops fighting Islamic militants there have to be trucked from Pakistan . In recent months , militants aligned with the Taliban and al Qaeda have carried out several attacks to disrupt supplies , Pakistani officials said .	NEW : Nine militants die as police , residents foil attempted kidnapping of mayor NEW : Swat Valley : Militants release about 30 police who were abducted Tuesday Attack destroyed nine vehicles near the town Landi Kotal in the Khyber Agency Series of recent attacks have tried to choke supplies into Afghanistan for the U.S.
JOHANNESBURG , South Africa  CNN  -- Hugh Masekela is the legendary South African musician whose songs were an inspiration in the fight to end apartheid . He tells CNN about growing up under apartheid , why he left South Africa and what is was like to move back to Johannesburg after 30 years away . Hugh Masekela : "  The people of South Africa deserve entertainment , recreation and freedom . " CNN : How did the suffering of the apartheid influence your art ? Hugh Masekela : I do n't think what I do is influenced by suffering . I come from a talented people who are prolific in music and dance . We have wonderful singers and we have a diversity of music here that is just amazing . But in spite of being oppressed these people were very resilient and they were mostly resilient through song . I think we are the only society where music played such a major part in our resistance . We grew up in rallies and in the street . We did n't have televisions so we played in the streets and made up songs about what was happening . Watch Hugh Masekela take CNN on a tour of Johannesburg " . CNN : What 's your earliest memory of Johannesburg ? HM : I came to Jo ' burg from Springs -LSB- a town near Johannesburg -RSB- . My family moved to Alexandra township and the first time I went to town alone I must have been 10 or 11 . Jo ' burg used to be scrubbed every night with fire hoses and those hard brooms and the granite on the sidewalks would always sparkle . I remember that because I came from Alexander township where there were no lights , no sewage and no cafes . The most vivid memory I have -- we used to stop and look through restaurant windows at the white people eating fancy food , and we 'd say "  what do you think that is ? " and "  there are so many types of food ! " CNN : How did it feel to leave South Africa ? HM : When I left South Africa in 1960 I was 20 years old . I wanted to try to get an education and music education was not available for me in South Africa . I wanted to learn from the same kind of teachers that taught Miles Davis and Clifford Brown and Chad Baker and they were not in South Africa . I hoped that one day I could go and learn some of those things and then come back and teach . It was a rough time , when the apartheid government first started showing that if you do n't behave , they 'll shoot you -- women and children too . You saw police with guns , with machine guns , and for the first time you saw tanks . We had a group called the Jazz Epistles and we were about to take off on a national tour . We were the first African group to play on an LP , but gatherings of more than 10 people were banned so we could n't do our tour . But four years later , when I was ready to come back to South Africa , I could n't . The place was impenetrable . By then Mandela had been sentenced to life imprisonment . So I stayed 26 years longer than I planned to . See Hugh Masekela 's Johannesburg " CNN : Tell us about coming home . HM : It was great , but it was also a tense time coming back to South Africa and we were not naive about it . It was a time of real turmoil . There were no-go places in the townships , there was sniping , there were major clashes and it was a time when civil war was threatening . When I left South Africa there were 10 million people -- when I came back there were more than 40 million . I had to learn how to get to the highways because when I left where there were no highways . And I had to adjust my language because people would say "  we do n't ' talk like that anymore ! " I was like a sponge trying to learn to do the right things . Not many people came back from exile compared with those who left . About a million left -- 50,000 came back , and of those about 25,000 did a U-turn because it was n't easy . It was n't easy but it 's been a great experience . CNN : How would you define the culture of Jo ' burg ? HM : There 's no one culture -- it 's a cosmopolitan city . It 's so diverse , like South Africa itself has so many diverse cultures . But again , we are still living in the culture of ethnic grouping . If we could beat that and have a major festival of tolerance , it would be the shining path . CNN : Where do you like to go out in Jo ' burg ? HM : I go to Newtown , I go to the Market Theater a lot , and also to the Dance Forum , because we have very brilliant dance choreographers . Old Jo ' burg was vibrant , there were things going on all the time -- concerts , festivals , clubs -- but in the last 10 years or so it has become a very quiet city at night . CNN : What is life like in the city ? HM : It 's not very easy to enjoy the city because the safety and security is not such that you can just go anywhere any time . There 's a sadness about this city that everybody talks about . People in South Africa have become inward ; they spend most of the time in their homes . When it gets dark , everyone wants to go home as quickly as they can . That is not only Jo ' burg 's problem , it is a national problem . What we 're talking about does n't make me very popular with the people who run this country , but it 's nothing new -- you see it in the newspapers every day . It has to be fixed , because the people of South Africa deserve entertainment , recreation and freedom to enjoy the beauty of their country and to show guests around and say "  this is my country . "	Hugh Masekela songs were an inspiration in the fight to end apartheid He left South Africa to get a musical education and could n't return for 30 years Under apartheid black South Africans were resilient through song , he says He says Johannesburg is cosmopolitan and multicultural , like South Africa
