Mumbai , India  CNN  -- To say Gregory David Roberts has witnessed much in his life would be an understatement . The 57-year-old native Australian was sentenced in the late 1970s for a series of armed robberies . He escaped prison and found his way to Mumbai , India , where he lived for 10 years forging a new life , including work as a doctor in the city 's slums . Roberts ' other career highlights ? He joined the mafia in Mumbai , fought against Soviet forces in Afghanistan and married a princess . CNN 's Anjali Rao spoke with Roberts in Mumbai , the setting and inspiration for "  Shantaram , " the novel loosely based on his life . Watch Roberts talk about his life in the slum A brief excerpt from the interview : CNN : Is it kind of strange that you used to live here , and you were down to your last pennies I guess , and now when you come back here it 's with CNN , or Madonna and Guy Richie . Is it kind of strange the way that your life has just taken that change , that turn ? Roberts : No , I know this sounds strange , but I think it was to be expected . I had a dramatic change that occurred in my life 19 years ago . I changed the orientation of my life , took control of my life . I think that if you do that , and you stay true to it , and you stay true to a set of principles -- of being fair , honest , positive , and creative in what you do ; of pledging not to harm others , and to minimize any amount of harm that you do to other people or to the world around you ; you do n't take drugs , you do n't poison your mind , you do n't take alcohol ; you focus on what you 're doing , keep your discipline -- then I think it 's natural that positive outcomes will occur . There 's a sense in which it 's a natural progression , from taking control of your life and saying , "  I 'm going to make my destiny happen . I 'm not going to allow destiny to control me , I 'm going to control my destiny . " I think that we can expect it to happen in those ways , so it 's not really a surprise . The thing is , it 's not surprising that I 've come to know these people ; the surprising thing for me is that they are almost universally nice people . I have n't met anyone at that level -- whether it 's Richard Branson , or Johnny Depp , or Madonna , to name a couple -- who are not very , very nice people , and deeply concerned about the world they live in , and trying to make a difference . And that 's the thing that 's to me very surprising , I mean and it 's a good surprise .	Author of "  Shantaram " , the global best-seller based on his own experiences The Australian worked in slums of Mumbai and came into contact criminal elements Eventful life has included jail term for armed robbery and fighting in Afghanistan
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Supreme Court focused Wednesday on whether "  evolving standards of decency " in the United States forbid a resumption of capital punishment for any felony but murder . But the justices offered no clear indication of how they will rule in the case of a man who is on Louisiana death row for raping a child . Patrick Kennedy , 43 , is on Louisiana 's death row for the rape of his 8-year-old stepdaughter . "  The trend since 1995 has been more and more states are passing statutes imposing the death penalty in situations that do not result in death " to the victims , said Chief Justice John Roberts , who appeared to support the state 's position . Justices John Paul Stevens , Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Stephen Breyer expressed concern about applying the death penalty fairly . "  It gives tremendous discretion to the prosecutor to pick and choose who should be executed , " Breyer said , summarizing the position of death penalty opponents . He wondered whether degrees of child abuse could be capital eligible , including molestation not involving intercourse . Patrick Kennedy , 43 , would be the first convicted rapist in 44 years to be executed in a case in which the victim was not killed . He was sentenced to die in 2003 for sexually assaulting his 8-year-old stepdaughter in her bed . In addition to severe emotional trauma , the attack caused internal injuries and bleeding to the child , requiring extensive surgery , Louisiana prosecutors said . Both in 1976 and a year later , the U.S. Supreme Court banned capital punishment for rape -- and , by implication , any other crime except murder . But 19 years later , Louisiana passed a law allowing execution for the sexual violation of a child under 12 . State lawmakers argued that the earlier high court cases pertained only to "  adult women . " In oral arguments Wednesday , Kennedy 's lawyer , Jeffrey Fisher , faced spirited questioning from several conservative justices . "  Our jurisprudence just requires the narrowing of the death penalty to be -LSB- for -RSB- particularly heinous crimes , " Justice Antonin Scalia said . "  And one could say the rape is in and of itself particularly heinous , rape of a child of 12 or under . " But Fisher said Louisiana 's law "  is particularly at odds with national values " on whether the death penalty should be expanded . The high court has in recent years banned execution for the mentally retarded , underage killers and those receiving an inadequate defense at trial . Those exceptions drew a good deal of interest from the justices in the one-hour argument over what the trend now is . "  What about treason ? " asked Justice Anthony Kennedy , a possible swing vote . He noted that the European Convention on Human Rights generally opposes the death penalty , except for treason . "  You can slaughter your fellow citizens , but if you offend the state , you can be put to death . " And Texas Solicitor General Ted Cruz told the high court that "  few evolving standards are more pronounced than the growing understanding in modern society of the unique and irreparable harm caused by violent child rape . " Florida , Montana , Oklahoma and South Carolina have long had death-penalty laws for rape but have not applied them in decades . Texas enacted a version in June , but no defendant has been designated death-eligible for child rape in any state but Louisiana . Texas and other states have submitted a "  friend of the court " brief in the case , supporting Louisiana 's position . Kennedy recently was joined on Louisiana 's death row by another child rapist , Richard Davis . Davis ' legal appeals have barely begun . Arguing for the state , Juliet Clark , Jefferson Parish assistant district attorney , described in some detail the injuries suffered by the victim in an attack Clark called "  savage . " In their appeal , Kennedy 's lawyers repeatedly raised the issue of skin color and whether that has played a factor in the political and legal debate over expanding capital crimes to include rape . Kennedy and the victim are both African-American . Billy Sothern of the Capital Appeals Project cited Department of Justice statistics that all 14 rapists executed by Louisiana in the past 75 years or so were African-American . Nationwide from 1930 to 1964 , nearly 90 percent of executed rapists were black , he said . But race did not come up in court Wednesday . No one in the United States has been executed for rape since 1964 . Other state and federal crimes theoretically eligible for execution include treason , aggravated kidnapping , drug trafficking , aircraft hijacking and espionage . None of these crimes has been prosecuted as a capital offense in decades , if ever . Supporters of Louisiana 's law say that besides murder , no crime is more deserving of the death penalty , and that the punishment would be used only in the most heinous of circumstances . Death penalty opponents contend , among other things , that it could give attackers a reason to murder their victims . A ruling is expected by late June . E-mail to a friend	Louisiana man is on death row for the rape of his 8-year-old stepdaughter Court banned execution for rape in 1970s , but Louisiana law differs Stevens , Ginsburg and Breyer express concern about fair application of law Justice Kennedy might be the swing vote
CNN  -- Manny Pacquiao is threatening Floyd Mayweather Jr. with legal action following a row over drugs testing which leaves their proposed super-bout next year in doubt . Pacquiao is refusing to agree to a demand by the Mayweather camp to undergo Olympic style blood-screening in the run up to the fight , which is penciled in for the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on March 13 . Boxing commentators had suggested that the war of words was a pre-fight tactic by the Mayweather camp and his promoter , Golden Boy Promotions , to unsettle the Filipino , who has hit back with an angry statement on his personal Web site . "  Enough is enough . These people , Mayweather Sr , Jr , and Golden Boy Promotions , think it is a joke and a right to accuse someone wrongly of using steroids or other performance-enhancing drugs , " it read . "  I have tried to just brush it off as a mere pre-fight ploy but I think they have gone overboard " Pacquiao , who became a five-weight world champion by beating Puerto Rican Miguel Cotto in November , claimed he would now be calling in the lawyers . "  I have instructed my promoter , Bob Arum , head of Top Rank Inc , to help me out in the filing of the case as soon as possible because I have had people coming over to me now asking if I really take performance-enhancing drugs and I have cheated my way into becoming the number one boxer in the world . "  I maintain and assure everyone that I have not used any form or kind of steroids and that my way to the top is a result of hard work , hard work , hard work and a lot of blood spilled from my past battles in the ring , not outside of it . "  I have no idea what steroids look like and my fear in God has kept me safe and victorious through all these years . " The row started earlier this week when Mayweather 's promoters Golden Boy Promotions went public with their demands for blood-testing , as mandated by the United States Anti-Doping Agency  USADA  and making it a condition before the super-fight went ahead . But Pacquiao 's trainer Freddie Roach said this was not necessary under the rules governing fights in Nevada and was mind games by the Mayweather camp . "  We have passed every test ever given to us . We go by the commission rules , since when does the fighter make up the rules ? , " he said . Mayweather himself has largely kept his counsel but told the Golden Boy Promotions Web site that he hoped his possible opponent would change his mind . "  I understand Pacquiao not liking having his blood taken , because frankly I do n't know anyone who really does , " Mayweather said . "  I hope this is either some miscommunication or that Manny will change his mind and step up and allow these tests , which were good enough for all these other great athletes , to be performed by USADA . " But Pacquiao in his message posted on Christmas Day showed little sign of extending the festive spirit to the unbeaten Mayweather . "  To Floyd , despite all these accusations , may your Christmas be merry and I will see you in court , soon , " he added .	Manny Pacquiao threatens Floyd Mayweather and his camp with legal action over a drug-testing row Pacquiao is angered by demands that he submit to blood-testing in the build-up to a proposed bout He claims to have instructed his promoter Bob Arum to file a law suit as soon as possible A welterweight match between Pacquiao and Mayweather is slated for Las Vegas on March 13 next year
Patrick Dati had reached his breaking point . With a metal pin in his arm and Vicodin coursing through his veins , he picked up the phone to call his psychiatrist . Dati had undergone surgery for a broken arm after his then-boyfriend allegedly threw him down the stairs when he tried to leave their home . Now he sat on the phone with his doctor , explaining why he could n't carry on , as he tried to overdose on painkillers . The attempt to end his life , which landed him in a psychiatric ward for two days , resulted in part because he felt trapped in the abusive relationship and saw no way out . "  I could n't let my boyfriend go because he was n't allowing me to , " Dati said . Dati is one of an estimated 3.4 % of adults who self-identify as lesbian , gay , bisexual or transgender , referred to as LGBT , in the United States . He 's also one of a quarter of gay men in America who report having encountered intimate partner violence . While Dati reached out to LGBT resources for help while he was ensnared in the abusive relationship , including the Center on Halsted Anti-Violence Project 's 24-Hour crisis hot line in Chicago , many in his position find that help is hard to come by . Now , thanks to new LGBT-inclusive language in the Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act , signed into law this month , domestic violence victims like Dati will have access to many of the same abuse and trauma services as victims of heterosexual partner violence . Ty Cobb , the senior legislative counsel at the Human Rights Campaign , said the new language explicitly includes the LGBT community in the largest Violence Against Women Act grant program , the STOP grant program . Previously , there was no grant money specifically allocated to providing domestic violence services and outreach for the LGBT population . "  This provides funding to care providers who collaborate with prosecution and law enforcement officials to address domestic violence , " Cobb said . Originally passed in 1994 , the Violence Against Women Act provides support for organizations that serve domestic violence victims . President Obama signed the reauthorization into law in Washington on March 7 , saying it was a "  day of the advocates , a day of the survivors . " The act 's new language highlights the reality that LGBT people also experience intimate partner and sexual violence . After the announcement , the president of the National Domestic Violence Hotline , Katie Ray-Jones , said in statement : "  This legislation that extends protections to all victims no matter their race , legal status or sexual orientation sends an important message that no victim should be excluded from receiving critical resources that will help them live a life free of abuse . " Human rights and domestic violence activists say LGBT people are an underserved population when it comes to victim services and outreach . According to a study by the National Coalition of Anti-Violence Programs , 45 % of LGBT victims were turned away when they sought assistance from a domestic violence shelter . Nearly 55 % of those who filed for protection orders were denied them . Lack of access to services is not exclusive to the LGBT community ; heterosexual victims are also turned away from shelters , usually for lack of space or funding as opposed to intolerance . According to the Missouri Council Against Sexual and Domestic Violence Services , the state turned away 19,000 victims in 2011 from shelters because of inadequate space . Still , not all states have laws ensuring the availability of civil orders of protection to LGBT victims , which may further contribute to victims ' isolation . "  When we do n't include LGBT in the conversation , when we have conversations that assume this is violence that only happens to women as perpetrated by men , we are n't giving LGBT the language to talk about their own relationships , " said Sharon Stapel , the executive director of the New York City Anti-Violence Project . "  By omission , we 're saying ` you do n't matter -- you 're not a part of this . ' " The Violence Against Women Act language comes at a pivotal time , as incidences of lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender violence have come under more scrutiny . A 2010 Centers for Disease Control and Prevention survey found that the prevalence of intimate partner violence was higher in some LGBT relationships than in their heterosexual counterparts : 61 % of bisexual women and 44 % of lesbian women reported intimate partner violence versus 35 % of heterosexual women . Meanwhile , 26 % of gay men and 37 % of bisexual men reported being assaulted or stalked by a partner , compared with 29 % of heterosexual men . The special report of the National Intimate Partner and Sexual Violence Survey was the first of its kind to present comparisons between groups by sexual orientation . According to Stapel , the Violence Against Women Act reauthorization breaks down the barriers that LGBT people face when they recognize their relationship is unhealthy and violent -- and decide to reach out for support . "  Some of those barriers are very unintentional . They are service providers who are used to dealing with violence against women and have these very gendered ways of talking about the problem , " Stapel said . For instance , if a woman calls a domestic violence hot line , most hot lines will immediately divert to language specific to boyfriends or husbands . Stapel said there 's no intent to discriminate or be insensitive , it 's just an easy assumption because the majority of callers are females with male abusive partners .  According to the National Domestic Violence Hotline , 97 % of its callers are female . At the same time , the assumption can be alienating . "  The first question makes them think , ` Oh , can I say that I 'm a lesbian ? ' Or if a man calls , he is treated suspiciously because the presumption is that he 's an abusive partner calling around looking for his wife or girlfriend , " Stapel said . "  The first response that men may have is ` Oh no , this might not be a friendly place for me to go . ' " Because of the new LGBT provisions , the law has been decried by anti-same-sex-marriage groups , including the United States Conference for Catholic Bishops . "  All persons must be protected from violence , but codifying the classifications ` sexual orientation ' and ` gender identity ' as contained in S. 47 is problematic , " the bishops said . "  These two classifications are unnecessary to establish the just protections due to all persons . They undermine the meaning and importance of sexual difference . They are unjustly exploited for purposes of marriage redefinition , and marriage is the only institution that unites a man and a woman with each other and with any children born from their union . " The Human Rights Campaign sees the reauthorization as a landmark achievement . "  One of the most amazing consequences is that not only did the Democratic-led Senate , but the House led by Republicans passed language that prevents discrimination , " Cobb said . The House passed the Senate 's version of VAWA after the House GOP 's version of the bill , which did not include protection for LGBT people , was defeated . For domestic violence survivors like Dati , it 's a welcome starting point in acknowledging and understanding the particular challenges of LGBT intimate partner violence . "  The gay community , my friends , supported me because LGBT domestic violence is very common -- at least in Chicago , " Dati said . "  The people that saw what I was going through were there when I needed them , but it took me going through the abuse first . " When a friend wo n't walk away from abuse Dati ultimately filed a restraining order when his ex-boyfriend began stalking him at his mother 's house while he recovered from his suicide attempt and other injuries . While domestic violence in heterosexual relationships certainly is n't limited to physical abuse , Stapel said emotional abuse is a particularly powerful tactic in LGBT relationships . "  For example , threatening to out your partner to their boss when you live in a state with no employment nondiscrimination protection for being gay , that 's a really powerful threat , no matter what size you are in proportion to your partner , " Stapel said . Stapel finds the isolation and rejection many LGBT people feel from their families and friends who may not have accepted their lifestyle can also play a major role in how they view their relationships with their partners . As a way to control their partner , abusers might say things like : If you leave me , who else is going to love you ? Who else is going to be there for you ? "  It can really put someone who is already feeling insecure about their connections to people in a space where they feel really dependent on their abusive partner , " said Stapel . Dati , who turns 50 this month , said his experiences led him to become a public advocate against abuse and sexual violence to show that it does , indeed , get better . He has written a book about being a survivor titled "  I Am Me . " "  I do n't want to see another person live the way I did , " Dati said . "  I went to hell and back and what I tell people now is , I 'll never live with that kind of abuse again . "	Members of the LGBT community suffer domestic violence at higher rates than straights Many of those hurt struggle to find support resources to leave bad relationships Reauthorized Violence Against Women Act includes LGBT Americans Anti-same-sex-marriage groups see the move as a blow , while advocates think it 's a boon
CNN  -- Gisele Bundchen is more than just a pretty face . According to Forbes , she is the highest-earning model of 2014 . The publication estimates her fortune at "  $ 47 million before taxes and fees in the last 12 months . " It 's the eighth year in a row that Bundchen has topped the list of beautiful women pulling in a pretty penny . Contracts with companies like H&M and Chanel and gigs like being the face of Pantene hair products helped build an empire for Bundchen , who is married to football player Tom Brady . Bundchen far outpaced the next highest-earning models , Doutzen Kroes and Adriana Lima , whose earnings were pegged at $ 8 million each . The two Kates -- Kate Moss and Kate Upton -- Miranda Kerr and Liu Wen all pulled in $ 7 million . Sports Illustrated swimsuit cover girl Upton is the highest-earning newcomer on the list . Robert Downey Jr. : Hollywood 's highest-paid actor  again Sandra Bullock : Forbes ' highest-paid actress	Bundchen reportedly made $ 47 million She 's topped the list the past 8 years Next highest-earning models made $ 8 million
CNN  -- As you 're being inundated with wall-to-wall coverage of the Iowa caucuses this week , keep the following number in mind : zero . The quest for the GOP 's presidential nomination is ultimately a race for delegates . With 2,286 delegates attending the party 's national convention in Tampa at the end of August , the backing of slightly over half of that group -- 1,144 -- will be needed for Mitt Romney , Newt Gingrich , or someone else to capture the prize . Guess how many of these delegates will be selected in Iowa on January 3 . Zero . Zip . Zilch . Nada . Iowa matters for one reason only : the media says so . It 's been deemed the first "  real " contest on the presidential nominating calendar , and for some reason "  first " warrants wall-to-wall coverage . The winner -- or perceived winner -- is almost certain to get a campaign cash boost and ride a tidal wave of media-fueled momentum . "  Big Mo , " as George H.W. Bush once famously called it , can be a game changer . Want to know what really happens in Iowa in January ? Not much . A few thousand people who care enough about politics to spend an evening at their local library or church basement will decide who gets to attend the state GOP 's county conventions in March . They 'll also participate in a non-binding presidential preference vote .  "  Non-binding " means the state 's national convention delegates do not have to vote according to the preferences of caucus participants . And that 's about it . In March , the county convention delegates will decide who attends a bunch of congressional district meetings and a statewide convention in late April and June . That 's when most of Iowa 's 28 national convention delegates â $ " a bit over 1 % of the total number of delegates in Tampa â $ " will actually be chosen . If there 's already a likely nominee by that point , you can bet Iowa wo n't rock the boat . Remember Mike Huckabee 's big win in the 2008 Iowa GOP caucuses ? The party 's eventual nominee , John McCain , won all of Iowa 's delegate votes at the national convention . The history of the Iowa caucuses is actually a case study in the power of the media to shape -- or warp , depending on your point of view -- the nomination contest . "  The name of the presidential nominating game is perception , and the reality of the Iowa precinct caucuses has long been replaced by the media perception , " writes Drake University Professor Hugh Winebrenner . "  It is not the caucus event per se but the media report of the event that shapes the presidential selection process . " The Democrats , who stripped most nominating power from their party bosses after 1968 , first realized Iowa 's power in 1972 when the press all but declared George McGovern the "  winner " after his surprise second-place finish behind establishment favorite Ed Muskie . McGovern , a liberal anti-Vietnam War candidate , went on to win the nomination . Four years later , a little known former Georgia governor rocketed onto the national stage by finishing second in Iowa behind an uncommitted delegate slate . Jimmy Carter eventually rolled all the way to the White House . CNN.com : GOP presidential field still unsettled In 1980 , Iowa Republicans came up with the idea of a non-binding preference vote as a way to provide more concrete results to a media mob hungry for primary-style hard numbers to report . The elder Bush 's upset win over Ronald Reagan rattled the GOP race that year and eventually helped earn Bush the vice presidential slot . In 1984 , Gary Hart 's second-place Iowa finish beat expectations , set him up for a victory in New Hampshire , and established him as the main alternative to Walter Mondale . It also winnowed the field , effectively eliminating John Glenn after Glenn finished a disappointing fifth . CNN.com : Did Gingrich push Medicare drug bill In 2004 , eventual Democratic nominee John Kerry jumped from third to first place in the national polls following his Iowa victory . John Edwards also surprised pundits with a strong second-place showing . Howard Dean and Dick Gephardt crippled each other with a barrage of negative ads . Dean became best remembered for his infamous election night "  scream , " which further damaged his insurgent campaign . Four years ago , Barack Obama 's eight-point win in Iowa established him as a force to be reckoned with on the Democratic side . Hillary Clinton 's disappointing third place finish , meanwhile , undercut her early knockout strategy and set in motion a long nomination fight that her establishment campaign was ill-prepared to fight . On the Republican side , McCain proved it 's possible to ignore Iowa and live to fight another day . The senator 's campaign set the media expectations bar low by making it clear he was focusing most of his attention on New Hampshire . McCain 's fourth place finish in Iowa proved to be irrelevant when he rolled to victory in the Granite State . This time around , Mitt Romney 's camp has tried to keep media expectations low in Iowa -- never an easy trick when you 're seen as the national frontrunner and are therefore expected to compete everywhere . A first-place Iowa finish for the former Massachusetts governor -- overcoming regional , religious , and ideological obstacles -- could set Romney up for a huge win the following week in neighboring New Hampshire . It could also signal an early end to the nomination fight . Conversely , if Newt Gingrich hangs on for a first-place win in Iowa , the former speaker could potentially narrow Romney 's lead in New Hampshire and set the stage for a more protracted contest . Or maybe Rick Santorum 's investment in Iowa will reap a reward from the state 's social conservatives and earn the former Pennsylvania senator another look from activists in other parts of the country . Perhaps the most intriguing possibility is a first-place finish by Ron Paul , a candidate with unorthodox GOP views on economic , defense , and social issues . A victory for the Texas congressman -- who has a strong Iowa organization in place -- would test the assumption that there 's a hard ceiling on his popular support . It could also help Romney by denying other candidates more favorable media attention . Defenders of Iowa 's role in the nomination process fear a Paul win could potentially marginalize the state in the future by associating it with non-mainstream attitudes . Iowa 's Republican governor , Terry Branstad , is already trying to finesse the significance of a Paul victory . "  It 's who comes in second and who comes in third as well as who comes in first , " Branstad recently told CNN . "  And if somebody else does surprisingly well , it could well launch their campaign . It 's happened before . So you do n't necessarily have to win in Iowa , but you do need to be in the top three to be in contention going forward . " Just remember : no matter who finishes first , second , or third in Iowa , nobody will be any closer to the magic 1,144 delegate mark at the end of the night . The January 3 caucuses are a media expectations game , the importance of which depends entirely on voter reactions to the headlines on January 4 . CNN 's Kevin Bohn , Keating Holland , Adam Levy , and Rob Yoon contributed to this report	No national delegates are actually at stake in Iowa 's January 3 caucuses The caucuses are primarily a game of media expectations George H.W. Bush beat expectations by winning Iowa in 1980 , helping to earn a spot on Reagan 's ticket Mitt Romney is trying to keep expectations low in Iowa -- never easy for a front runner
CNN  -- Like most couples , my wife and I were discussing marriage before we officially got engaged . But we discovered that we could not keep our private information private . Once we started discussing engagement rings in  supposedly  private Facebook messages to each other , my Web browser became inundated with engagement ring advertisements . From then on , anyone in the same room with me knew our plans . The aphorism is true : If you 're not paying for the product or service , you are the product or service being sold . Like most people who use computers , the information in your private message or Web search is being sold to an advertiser . The ads continue to follow you around , popping up at the most inopportune moments when a friend , relative or co-worker happens to be near your screen . We get Facebook for free , and we do our Web searches for free , but the price we pay is our personal data , which are used by advertisers to entice us to buy things that they think we want . It does n't have to be this way . I would gladly pay a reasonable fee to Facebook and Google if they would allow me to keep my private information private . I 'm hardly alone in my disenchantment with the tech world 's use of people 's personal information . Embarrassing and out-of-context Web advertisements are affecting nearly everyone who uses the Internet these days . My friend Jim Trammell , a college professor in High Point , North Carolina , who is happily married to a woman , once wrote a paper about how homosexual Christians are covered in evangelical magazines , which required online research . "  I felt like I was getting ads about gay-friendly vacations and dating services for months , " he told me . "  Fortunately , Mrs. Trammell knew about my project . " Alyssa Richter , a magazine editor in Lexington , Kentucky , was recently looking for baby shower gifts for a pregnant friend . Right on cue , her Web browser became flooded with neverending ads for parenting magazines and onesies . "  My husband saw them on my computer and was like , ` Is there something you 're not telling me ? ' " she said . Although these examples are innocuous and even humorous , other targeted advertisements based on  ostensibly  private information can seem intrusive or disturbing . A friend of mine who asked that I not use her name told me about an experience she had when she discovered that she was pregnant . Not surprisingly , she immediately began conducting Web searches related to her pregnancy . Excited and happy , she and her husband started making plans for the baby . If that were the end of the story , the targeted ads would have been fine . But she miscarried . And the targeted ads kept coming . "  It was hard for me even though it was such a short-lived pregnancy , " she said . "  It was like rubbing salt in the wound . " The programs that scan your Web activities do not discriminate . Being non-human , they can not show sensitivity or propriety . Any clue you 've given is fair game . Distressed about a dying relative ? Do n't be surprised to see ads from funeral homes . Planning to buy your spouse a surprise gift ? It wo n't be a surprise when an ad for that specific gift pops up suspiciously on your browser the next day , when the two of you are sharing the computer . I should add that it 's not just Google and Facebook that engage in these practices . Many websites choose to run ads that are specifically targeted toward users . I 'm always fascinated by the way people rush to defend the reigning tech companies . One example : No one is forcing you to use these websites . True , but that 's sort of the same thing as telling a person in a small city with no public transportation that they 're not legally required to get a car . If you want to participate in normal daily life , what other option do you have ? Another example is the "  terms of service " defense . If you use Facebook or Google , you have agreed to their terms of service . That may be true from a strictly legal standpoint , but from a practical standpoint , this defense falls apart . As Alexis Madrigal pointed out in an article in The Atlantic , reading all the privacy policies you encounter in a typical year would take many days . Finally , there 's the "  opt out " defense , which goes something like this : "  Hey , the tech companies are n't trying to get you to do anything you do n't want to do . You can adjust your privacy settings . " Right . Really ? Tech companies have their own interests to look over . That 's why , despite a class-action settlement meant to ensure Facebook users ' agreement to their "  likes " being used in ads , the practice continues under the radar . The public has been whipped into a frenzy lately by revelations of NSA overreach . It 's interesting to me that people are n't equally concerned about privacy violations by tech companies . "  Do n't be evil , " Google used to say . OK . That 's admirable . But that 's also a pretty low standard . How about adding an additional goal : Do more good . "  Facebook is free , and always will be . " Great . Continue to offer the free version for people who do n't care about their privacy . I 'll take the "  Premium " version , pay for it with actual money and keep my personal information to myself . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David R. Wheeler .	David Wheeler : When I go online , data from my private messages are sold to advertiser Wheeler : We get Facebook for free , but the price we pay is our privacy He says embarrassing and out-of-context Web ads are affecting nearly everyone Wheeler : I would rather pay Facebook a fee in order to keep my personal data private
CNN  -- Bradley Wiggins made history on the Champs Elysees Sunday as he became the first British rider to win cycling 's Tour de France . And in a double triumph for Britain , his Team Sky teammate Mark Cavendish claimed the 20th and final stage in Paris for the fourth successive year . Proudly wearing the race leader 's yellow jersey , Wiggins finished safely in the bunch , pumping the air in triumph as he crossed the line after three weeks and 3,497 km of racing . The 32-year-old Londoner finished three minutes 21 seconds clear of Chris Froome to complete a one-two for Britain and Team Sky . Italy 's Vincenzo Nibali  Liquigas  claimed the final podium position . Blue Sky thinking delivers historic yellow Wiggins was assured of overall victory after his brilliant victory in the individual time trial Saturday , his second on this year 's race . "  It 's very surreal at the moment . This sort of thing happens to other people , you never imagine it happens to you , " he told ITV Sport after his triumph . "  It 's incredible . I bet I 'll look back in years to come and think ` God , that was special ' . " Wiggins was quickly congratulated by British Prime Minister David Cameron , who said his victory was an "  immense feat of physical and mental ability " . "  Bradley Wiggins has scaled one of the great heights of British sporting achievement , to be the first person in 109 years to win the Tour de France . "  I think the whole country wants to say well done , brilliant -- the perfect backdrop and start to the Olympics , " he told Sky News . The final stage over 120km from Rambouillet to Paris was largely processional until hitting the finishing circuit in the French capital where the action started . Wiggins had vowed to deliver victory to world champion Mark Cavendish and in the final kilometer he came to the front of the bunch to set the pace . Cavendish then took it up in his trademark style to hold off green points jersey winner Peter Sagan of Slovakia and Australia 's Matthew Goss . It was his third stage win of this year 's Tour de France and sixth for Team Sky . Wiggins and Cavendish will now turn their attentions to the London Olympics , which start later this week . Cavendish is favorite for the men 's road race next Saturday , where he will again look for Wiggins for support . Wiggins is targeting the individual time trial later in the Games for his tilt at a fourth Olympic gold medal . In anticipation of a triumph for Wiggins , thousands of jubilant British fans watched the action unfold on the Champs Elysees , waving Union Jack flags as he stood on the podium to receive the yellow jersey for the final time . Wiggins had been in the most famous outfit in cycling for 13 days after seizing control of the race at the end of the first week . With superb support from his teammates , and in particular Kenyan-born Froome , he tightened his grip on the overall classification as defending champion Cadel Evans of Australia fell by the wayside . Nibali offered the strongest challenge to the British duo , but he eventually finished over six minutes adrift of Wiggins . Thomas Voeckler gave the home nation some cheer by claiming the polka dot King of the Mountains jersey while Tejay Van Garderen of the United States finished fifth overall , two places ahead of BMC teammate Evans , to win the white jersey for best rider under 25 .	Team Sky 's Bradley Wiggins wins Tour de France Wiggins is first British rider to claim overall victory in cycling 's most famous race Teammate Chris Froome finishes second with Italy 's Vincenzo Nibali third Mark Cavendish wins 20th and final stage in Paris
British police are investigating a video released Friday that shows an unmasked and apparent British ISIS fighter , a spokesperson for Prime Minister David Cameron says . "  The police are urgently investigating the contents of the video , including possible terrorism offenses relating to it , " the spokesperson said . The video was released the same day ISIS used another video to make public the beheading of Briton Alan Henning , 47 and threaten the life of U.S. aid worker Abdul-Rahman Kassig , known as Peter Kassig before he converted to Islam . Henning , a 47-year-old taxi driver from Manchester , northern England , was part of a team of volunteers who traveled to Syria in December 2013 to deliver aid to people affected by the country 's devastating civil war . He was abducted by masked gunmen the day after Christmas , others in the aid convoy said . ISIS blamed its killing of Henning on the UK 's decision to join the U.S.-led bombing campaign against the group in Iraq and Syria . Officials from Britain 's intelligence agencies , Foreign Office , Home Office , police and military updated Cameron Saturday on work to take down the video of Henning and find those responsible , the Downing Street spokesperson said . "  The PM was clear that we must keep doing all we can to ensure that these terrorists are found and brought to justice for their heinous crimes and we will keep working with our U.S. partners and those in the region to do this . ISIS "  brutality will not persuade us to change our approach . Indeed , the senseless murder of an innocent man only reinforces our resolve to defeat this terrorist organization and to eradicate the threat they pose to Britons -- whether those in the region or here on the streets of the UK , " the spokesperson said . UK jets began flying reconnaissance flights over Iraq a week ago , and on Tuesday dropped their first missiles on an ISIS heavy-weapon position and an armed pickup truck in Iraq , according to the UK Defense Ministry . Henning appears to be the fourth Westerner to be beheaded on camera by ISIS . This summer , ISIS beheaded American freelance journalists James Foley and Steven Sotloff -- showing their gruesome killings in videos posted online . ISIS then claimed its first British victim , aid worker David Haines , according to video that appeared online on September 13 . Henning 's family had pleaded for his release and said in a statement it was "  numb with grief " at news of his death . "  It is the news we hoped we would never hear . As a family we are devastated by the news of his death . There are few words to describe how we feel at this moment , " his wife , Barbara , said in a written statement released Saturday by the United Kingdom 's Foreign Office . "  We always knew that Alan was in the most dangerous of situations but we hoped that he would return home to us . That is not to be . " UK authorities believe at least 500 British citizens have gone to Iraq and Syria , many of them to fight with ISIS and other Islamist groups -- and that most will try to return , bringing their extremist views with them . Cameron last month laid out new measures to tackle the threat posed by would-be UK jihadists , days after Britain raised its terror threat level from "  substantial " to "  severe . "	UK officials are investigating a video showing an unmasked apparent British ISIS fighter A Downing Street spokesperson told CNN the video was released Friday PM David Cameron discussed the video with officials Saturday , the spokesperson said The video preceded another showing the beheading of Briton Alan Henning by ISIS
Entertainment Weekly  -- For the past three weeks in a row , Michael Jackson 's "  Number Ones " has been the biggest-selling album in the country . For the first time in a month , the No. 1 album on the Billboard 200 is actually the No. 1 selling album . Each time , it 's been disqualified from Billboard 's flagship Billboard 200 chart , along with all Jackson 's other releases , due to its age . That unusual run of asterisked Billboard 200 chart-toppers is now over . Which artist put an end to Jackson 's posthumous flummoxing of the Billboard rules , you ask ? The answer is Chris Daughtry , whose "  Leave This Town " bows atop the chart with a very nice 269,000 copies sold , according to Nielsen SoundScan . That 's actually a bit of a drop-off from the 304,000 that the first album from American Idol alum Chris Daughtry 's band sold when it hit shelves in 2006 , but it 's more than anyone else could muster in this sales frame -- yes , even Michael . And so for the first time in a month , the No. 1 album on the Billboard 200 is actually the No. 1 selling album in the U.S. , no tricks , no fooling . "  Number Ones , " meanwhile , sold another 192,000 this week , landing it handily atop the Top Comprehensive Albums chart , which counts catalog albums alongside new ones . So do n't think that MJ 's sales have dried up just yet . Other Billboard 200 debuts this week came from the Dead Weather 's "  Horehound " at No. 6 , demonstrating that at least 51,000 devotees can be counted on to buy any side project Jack White dreams up . R&B singer Joe , shows up at No. 7 after signing over 49,000 units of his "  Signature " ; Twista fast-talked his way into 45,000 sales and a No. 8 bow ; and Christian power-pop teens pureNRG squeak in at No. 20 with 22,000 copies sold . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly Copyright 2009 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Daughtry 's "  Leave This Town " tops chart with 269,000 copies sold In past weeks , Michael Jackson 's "  Number Ones " has been biggest-selling album Daughtry 's first album sold 304,000 when it was released in 2006 Other top albums this week are from Dead Weather , Joe and Twista
EW.com  -- The next step after exposing the world of male strip clubs ? Descending into a bordello-themed New Orleans nightclub , naturally . EW has confirmed that Channing Tatum is developing an hourlong reality pilot for A&E that revolves around Saints & Sinners , a Bourbon Street bar/restaurant that Tatum opened with friend and business partner Keith Kurtz last fall . Tatum and Kurtz will executive produce , as will Original Media 's Charlie Corwin . Saints & Sinners offers "  food , spirits , music , and a sinfully good time , " according to its website . "  Styled after the famous red-light district bordellos and burlesque halls of New Orleans ' Storyville era , Saints & Sinners is Tatum 's tribute to the city 's ribald , good-time reputation . " Expect lots of wrought iron , red accents , and brightly-colored drinks in martini glasses . Just do n't count on seeing Tatum 's famous abs ; it 's currently unclear whether the actor will appear in the prospective series . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Tatum is developing a reality pilot that revolves around Saints & Sinner He and a friend opened the bar/restaurant together in New Orleans It 's unclear if he will appear on the show
Famed boxer Muhammad Ali has "  vastly improved " after being hospitalized over the weekend with a mild case of pneumonia , his spokesman Bob Gunnell said . "  Ali 's team of doctors hopes to discharge him soon , " said Gunnell . Ali , 72 , was admitted to an undisclosed hospital on Saturday . "  The Ali family continues to request privacy and appreciates all of the prayers and well wishes , " read a statement sent from Gunnell . Ali was born Cassius Clay and won an Olympic gold medal as a light-heavyweight at 18 . In 1964 , he became world heavyweight champion in an upset victory against then-champion Sonny Liston , according to Ali 's official website . Shortly thereafter , he changed his name to Muhammad Ali to reflect his conversion to Islam . The boxer was also known for his protest against the Vietnam War and refusal to be drafted into service out of religious conviction . He retired from boxing in 1981 and announced his diagnosis with Parkinson 's disease three years later .	Former world heavyweight champion Muhammad Ali has pneumonia The illness was discovered quickly , Ali 's spokesman says He is expected to be out of the hospital soon , the spokesman says Ali became heavyweight world champion for the first time in 1964
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A Scottish fish and chip shop visited by Prince William , Robert De Niro and Tom Hanks has been crowned the best place in Britain to eat the national dish . Robert and Alison Smith , the owners of the Anstrhuther Fishbar in Fife , celebrate their success . The UK is in recession , but the nation 's traditional takeaway dish is showing no sign of a downturn . Sales rose at 9,500 chippies in Britain by 1.7 percent last year , according to Seafish , a seafood industry group . The Anstrhuther Fishbar in Fife , Scotland was crowned the best chippy of 2008 following a rigorous selection procedure that included a customer vote , taste tests and two intense rounds of shop inspections . "  Fish and chip shops are well-placed to prosper in the current economic climate as they offer value for money and a quality product with a feel-good factor , " competition judge Andy Gray said . "  Despite the credit crunch , people still want to enjoy small luxuries . Fish and chips are a national institution which have survived the test of time and will be around for many years to come . " Fishbar owner Robert Smith said that the start of 2009 had been the busiest January since the harbor front shop opened in 2003 . Smith , who also owns a fish processing business , said dedication was the key to the shop 's success . "  We are passionate about our business and we just do it right , " he said . Fish and chips is the most popular hot takeaway in Britain , with 276 million meals eaten every year , according to Seafish figures .	Scottish fish and chip shop visited by Prince William named best in UK Sales of UK 's national dish up despite country slipping into recession 276 million meals eaten every year in UK , according to industry figures
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Federal and state health officials said Monday that salmonella linked last week in Minnesota to King Nut peanut butter was caused by the same strain of bacteria responsible for an ongoing outbreak of 410 salmonella cases in 43 states . Salmonella bacteria are transmitted to humans by eating contaminated foods . The infection may have contributed to three deaths , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said Monday . "  Preliminary analysis of an epidemiologic study conducted by CDC and public health officials in multiple states comparing foods eaten by ill and well persons has suggested peanut butter as a likely source , " the disease agency said in a written statement . "  To date , no association has been found with common brand names of peanut butter sold in grocery stores . " A spokesman for the Food and Drug Administration said Monday that the agency has been collaborating with the CDC , the U.S. Department of Agriculture and public health officials in many states to investigate the outbreak of infections due to Salmonella enterica serotype Typhimurium . "  This new information from Minnesota will not change what we are currently doing as part of the investigation , " said FDA spokesman Michael Herndon . What you need to know about food poisoning " The Minnesota bacteria were linked last week to institutionally distributed peanut butter , sold under the King Nut brand name . In one of the Minnesota patients , a 70-year-old female nursing home resident , the infection proved fatal , said Doug Schultz , a Minnesota public health department spokesman . "  We do not know to what extent the salmonella contributed to the death , " said Schultz , who added that the patient had other underlying illnesses . Virginia Health officials confirm that two of the three deaths linked to the salmonella outbreak were from their state . Although she could not provide a lot of information due to privacy laws , Michelle Peregoy , a spokesperson for the Virginia Department of Health tells CNN that one person who died was over age 65 and from the Southwest part of the state , the other person who died was a younger adult between the ages of 25-64 . As with the Minnesota patient , both Virgina patients had underlying illnesses , which means they had weakended immune systems . Very young people , older people and those with compromised immune systems are the most vulnerable to severe side effects , including death . Late last week , King Nut Companies , based in Ohio , recalled King Nut peanut butter . President and CEO Martin Kanan said the product is manufactured by a Lynchburg , Virginia-based company , Peanut Corporation of America . "  King Nut took this action as soon as it was informed that salmonella had been found in an open five-pound tub of King Nut peanut butter , " the company said Saturday in a posting on its Web site . King Nut , which distributes peanut butter through food service accounts , does not sell directly to consumers . Kanan said King Nut has asked customers to stop distributing peanut butter with lot codes beginning with "  8 " and has canceled orders with the manufacturer . The first cases nationwide were reported September 3 , but most occurred between October 1 and December 31 , the CDC said last week . About 18 percent of cases were hospitalized as a result of their illness , and patients have ranged from 2 months to 98 years of age . California has reported the highest case count with 55 , followed by Ohio with 53 , Massachusetts with 39 , Minnesota with 30 and Michigan with 20 . The other 37 states are each reporting from one to 19 cases . The seven states that have reported no cases connected to the outbreak are Montana , New Mexico , Louisiana , Mississippi , South Carolina , Florida and Alaska . Strains of salmonella linked to outbreaks in the past have been traced to contaminated eggs , meat , poultry , vegetables , pet food and peanut butter . Contaminated tomatoes were blamed for an outbreak in the fall of 2006 caused by salmonella Typhimurium , which sickened at least 183 people in 21 states . Most people suffered from diarrhea and fever for about a week . No one is known to have died in that outbreak . Salmonella infections can be treated with antibiotics , though some strains are resistant to these drugs , according to the CDC . Most people infected develop diarrhea , fever and abdominal cramps within a few days of infection and the illness can last up to a week . Most recover without treatment , but some may suffer dehydration and , in severe cases , require hospitalization . Children , senior citizens , people with chronic illnesses and those with weak immune systems tend to be at highest risk for complications , according to the National Institutes of Health . CNN 's Louise Schiavone and Miriam Falco contributed to this story .	New : Virginia officials confirm two salmonella-related deaths in the state CDC : Salmonella outbreak sickens at least 410 people in 43 states Officials link salmonella in Minnesota to same strain responsible for outbreak Minnesota bacteria traced to institutionally distributed King Nut peanut butter
CNN  -- The Caribbean 's tropical weather , beautiful beaches and clear blue waters attract travelers seeking a place to kick back and relax . Add a cocktail and you have a true recipe for repose . Try these five drinking establishments with very different vibes : Go bananas at Bananas A husband and wife team quit their jobs in Philadelphia and sold virtually everything they owned to open a tropical bar and guesthouse in Puerto Rico . "  It was one of the smartest things we ever did , " said Glenn Curry , owner of Bananas Guesthouse , Beach Bar & Grill in Vieques , Puerto Rico . The 63-year-old former journalist and his wife , Wynne , a mortgage representative , bought Bananas in 2002 and enjoy their lives hosting locals and guests from around the world at their remote tropical corner of the world . Since Vieques can only be reached by boat or plane , their establishment caters to a more adventurous crowd , Curry said . Vieques is an island municipality of Puerto Rico that lies 8 miles east of the mainland . "  Vieques is special because it is not very developed and contains unspoiled land and pristine beaches , which is attractive to many tourists , " he said . Bananas has views of the Caribbean Sea and is a short distance from Sun Bay , a large public beach . The bar specializes in frozen drinks like piÃ ± a coladas and dirty bananas . "  The atmosphere in our establishment is very relaxed , " said Curry . "  The clock in our bar landed on happy hour and it never gains a minute , " he said with a chuckle . Jamaican tropical oasis The owner of Floyde 's Pelican Bar in Jamaica said he does n't keep regular hours and works on the honor system . "  If you pass by and I 'm not in , then take a beer and leave cash , " said Floyde Forbes . This remote bar can only be accessed by boat and is about six-tenths of a mile from Treasure Beach on the southern coast of Jamaica . It was built with driftwood and coconut trees . This tropical oasis , which specializes in fresh seafood and Red Stripe beer , was named after the large flock of pelicans that rest on a sandbar nearby . Forbes said the atmosphere at Floyde 's is "  calm and serene with a very accepting international flavor that does n't compare to anything else . " The original bar was built in 2001 , but in 2004 Hurricane Ivan destroyed it . Local residents helped rebuild . Drink to infinity at the Infiniti Bar You may feel like a movie star at this hot spot . Jane Fonda , Cindy Crawford and Shaquille O'Neal are among the many celebrities who have spent time relaxing at the glamorous Infiniti Bar in Turks and Caicos . The Infiniti Bar is the marquee attraction at the upscale Grace Bay Club resort and is the Caribbean 's longest bar at 90 feet , according to the resort . It is surrounded by a white sand beach and lush vegetation and attracts its largest crowds at sunset . The "  longest bar in the Caribbean " is the pride and joy of internationally renowned designer Keith Hobbs . His creation has been celebrated by guests , travel magazines and other publications since its opening in 2007 . During your visit , be sure to order the bar 's signature drink , the Infiniti Martini . Still standing after multiple hurricanes Music lovers will be drawn to The Dune Preserve . Since 1994 , reggae singer and songwriter Bankie Banx has owned the beach bar along Rendezvous Bay in Anguilla . Banx often performs at his bar , and he has attracted big name performers over the years , such as Jimmy Buffet and John Mayer . Former U.S. President Bill Clinton has visited , too . "  Banx formed the Moonsplash Music Festival back in 1991 and it has become one of the premier music festivals in the Caribbean , " said his manager , Olaide Banks . The event will be March 8 to 11 this year on the grounds of The Dune Preserve . In addition to live music , the beach bar is known for its signature "  Duneshine , " a fermented ginger cocktail . "  The two-acre complex has changed quite a bit since 1994 due to four major hurricanes , but the charm lives on , " Banks said . The Dune Preserve is primarily built from driftwood , pieces of shipwrecked boats and harvested wood from Dominica and Guyana . Pack a swimsuit at Rick 's You 'll dive into more than just a drink at Rick 's Cafe in Jamaica . Since 1974 , countless guests have jumped into the waters off this 45-foot cliffside bar in Negril , so be sure to pack a swimsuit and a sense of adventure . Boaters like to pull their vessels up to this seaside establishment , too . Aside from aquatic adventure , this drinking spot is known for its sunset views of the Caribbean over the naturally formed cliffs . Bring your camera ! "  From the minute we entered Rick 's it was evident that it was one of the most beautiful spots that we had seen in Jamaica , if not the world , " said Sonya Matalon of Columbus , Ohio . "  I felt like I was standing in a picture postcard with an absolutely amazing view . " Rick 's takes pride in calling itself "  the premier gathering spot " in Negril and has maintained much of its original seaside ambiance despite damage from Hurricanes Gilbert and Ivan .	Cocktail seekers are in good shape in the Caribbean CNN.com highlights five drinking establishments with different vibes The Infiniti Bar is the Caribbean 's longest bar at 90 feet
CNN  -- When Russia invaded and annexed Crimea , Western leaders warned Russia against trying the same trick in mainland Ukraine . Russia is now trying the same trick in mainland Ukraine . Over the past several days , masked , heavily armed men have seized strategic locations in eastern Ukraine . In Kharkiv , pro-Russian armed forces have occupied City Hall . In Donetsk , they have taken control of the regional legislature building and the interior ministry . In Luhansk , they have taken the compound of the state security agency . In the city of Kramatorsk , in the Donetsk region , armed men shot their way into police headquarters . Cell phone towers are being toppled through the area , according to Ukraine 's acting interior minister , apparently with a view to silencing nonmilitary communications . Uniformed men have established checkpoints around the city of Sloviansk , also near Donetsk . A gunfight erupted at one checkpoint on Sunday , apparently leaving two dead . The Russians have infiltrated special forces into Ukraine over the past weeks and months . Now they are busily creating conditions of "  instability " that could provide a pretext for outright Russian intervention , followed most likely by a partition of Ukraine and alignment of the eastern provinces toward Russia . In Crimea , Russian intervention has been followed by a campaign of "  disappearances " of opposition and potential opposition figures . Inside Russia too , policy is turning again sharply repressive , symbolized by the spread of hammer-and-sickle flags at pro-Putin demonstrations . Europe outside the Balkans has known profound peace since 1991 . Even the murderous wars in the former Yugoslavia , atrocious as they were , never threatened the general European peace . The Russians ' actions in Ukraine do threaten the general peace . Russia is using military force -- as opposed to its usual tool kit of corruption , intimidation , and no-return-address assassination -- to reclaim former Soviet-occupied territory . In Ukraine , Russia has launched a war of reconquest . It 's very hard to predict where that war will stop . President Obama was very wrong in his speech in Brussels on March 26 to suggest that the United States had no national interest in Ukraine . What 's at stake in Ukraine is the peace and stability of the European continent , an issue over which the United States fought two world wars . Yet the president has signaled to Russia that it need not fear any very robust U.S. or NATO response to its depredations in Ukraine . Opinion : The West must not blame itself for Putin 's revanchism More from the March 26 speech : "  Of course , Ukraine is not a member of NATO -- in part because of its close and complex history with Russia . Nor will Russia be dislodged from Crimea or deterred from further escalation by military force . " When a president announces that he does not think a foreign aggressor 's actions can be deterred , what message does that foreign aggressor hear ? "  Green light ! " Unsurprisingly , Russia is driving right through that green light . The U.S. response ? Over the weekend , the White House announced that Vice President Joe Biden will visit Ukraine on April 22 , or not for another 10 days . Ten days from now , Putin could be standing under a "  Mission Accomplished " banner in Kharkiv . Every supposed benefit we receive from Obama 's famed Russia "  reset " is disintegrating before our eyes . News is arriving of another Syrian chemical attack , in the village of Kfar Zeita , 125 miles northeast of Damascus . Syria still holds most of the chemical warfare arsenal that was supposed to have been entirely surrendered to Russia by February 5 . Russia has announced plans to bust up the international sanctions regime against Iran with purchases of 500,000 barrels of Iranian oil a day , potentially nearly doubling Iran 's oil exports . This is a rampage of mischief , far beyond one remote region of southeast Europe . And yet even as the threat to peace intensifies , the Western leaders and Western alliances charged with keeping the peace dither , fidget , and hem and haw . The most urgent necessity now : deploy teams of NATO observers to the cities that are targets of Russian activity in eastern Ukraine . NATO needs eyes and ears on the ground -- and Russia must confront that it is fomenting an international crisis . NATO needs rapidly to expand its permanent presence with the exposed eastern members of the alliance , especially the three Baltic republics . Such a move would violate the terms of the 1997 agreement with Russia on NATO expansion , which is precisely why it 's an apt response to Russia 's violation of the 1994 agreement on Ukraine 's territorial integrity . Ukraine needs help improving its military and police capacities . Russia is infiltrating forces across the border with pathetic ease . This is partly because Ukraine 's wretchedly underpaid officials are easily bribed and partly because Ukraine 's forces are too small , ill-equipped and untrained to do much even when not bribed . The next round of sanctions on Russia should focus on banks and financial institutions that move the ill-gotten wealth of Russia 's corrupt leadership to safe havens in the West . Putin 's fortune is not stored in rubles . He 's all too aware that someday , the kind of rebellion that toppled his Ukraine stooges might topple him . It wo n't be easy to find that money , although of course NATO authorities should start the search . What is easier is to target institutions , Russian and Western , that move money out of Russia -- or that have suspicious clients from Russia . In the longer term , Europe needs to shift its natural gas sourcing away from Russia . The U.S. will have to allow natural gas exports , and both Canada and the United States will need to induce private actors to build the liquid natural gas facilities that make exports feasible . It 's a big job . But we face a big threat .	Gunmen seize key parts of eastern Ukraine ; pro-Russian forces create instability David Frum : Remark that military intervention wo n't work implies West will look away Frum : Russia threatens stability of Europe ; NATO observers need to monitor events He says sanctions must hurt Russian investments ; Ukraine 's weak military needs help
CNN  -- You pay for checking your baggage , for snacks and for extra legroom . Word is one airline has even toyed with charging you to use the toilet . So it makes perfect sense to some fliers that heavier passengers should pay for spilling over into the next seat . Earlier this year , United Airlines formalized a policy that charges some larger passengers for a second seat . Frequent flier Ross Murphy , 54 , has been sandwiched between larger fliers in coach , and he believes they should have to shell out for a second seat . "  They have a right to sit in the seat next to me , " said Murphy , who travels cross-country at least 15 times a year to watch his sons ' sporting matches . "  But they do n't have a right to sit in my lap . " A growing number of airlines are forcing bigger passengers to pay more as they cope with the costly and uncomfortable quandary that arises when obese passengers can not squeeze into a single coach seat . With airlines trimming flight schedules -- meaning fuller passenger loads this summer -- the issue is bound to spur some awkward encounters . Chart : Compare some of the common airline fees "  It 's a growing problem , no pun intended , " said George Hobica , president of AirfareWatchdog.com , a site that is part of Smarter Travel Media LLC , which provides airfare deals and advice . "  Everyone suffers . The obese people suffer and the people who are skinny and get spilled over on suffer as well . " U.S. obesity rates have mushroomed during the last 25 years , but the width of a coach airplane seat has changed little , remaining between 17 and 18 inches in most commercial planes . More than one-third of Americans fall into the obese category , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . This makes traveling in tight spaces vexing for airlines trying to bolster profits by selling the maximum number of seats . The Federal Aviation Administration does not regulate seat width , but it does require passengers be able to sit belted and with both arm rests down to comply with safety standards . In April , UAL Corp. 's United Airlines formalized a policy that says passengers who are unable to safely fit into one seat must pay full price for a second seat . They may receive it free if the plane has vacant seats . Flight attendants on the airlines are responsible for making sure passengers are fitting in their seats and may ask a heavier passengers requiring two seats to pay extra . Robin Urbanski , a spokeswoman for United , said the company received 700 complaints in 2008 from passengers who were upset because a larger passenger encroached on his or her seat . "  This new policy was created for the comfort and well-being of all our guests on board , " Urbanski said . A survey conducted this year by Europe 's low-fare airline Ryanair found a third of the 100,000 passengers polled believed a "  fat tax " should be instituted , requiring heavier passengers to pay more . Most U.S. airlines have a policy or plan for dealing with heavier passengers , though some are not formalized like United 's . Officials worry heavier passengers squished into one seat may pose a safety hazard when a plane must be evacuated during an emergency . Southwest Airlines has had a "  customer of size policy " for more than 20 years , requiring passengers to buy a second seat on a full plane if their body crosses the armrest boundary . The company will issue refunds if unoccupied seats are available , which they say is the case 97 percent of the time . Airlines with open seating policies such as Southwest find it easier to relocate passengers in need of an extra seat . On all airlines , passengers can buy first-class or business-class seats , which are wider . But those tickets cost more than a coach seat . Experts at Boeing Company , an aircraft manufacturer , say 17-inch seats can accommodate 95 percent of the traveling public . They say studies have found most seat space invasions happen because of wider shoulders and not derrieres . Still , some larger passengers who need more than one seat believe being charged extra is discriminatory and the airlines are not accommodating the growing American waistline . "  The airlines need to be making bigger seats , " said Peggy Howell , a spokeswoman for the National Association to Advance Fat Acceptance , a group based in San Francisco , California . "  It 's not safe to be cramming us into two seats . " Lawsuits have been filed by heavier passengers and by those who complain about large passengers encroaching on their space . The courts have ruled the airline policies are within their rights . In the United States , there are n't any discrimination laws to protect obese people , attorneys say .  In some employment discrimination cases , attorneys have been able to win by proving obesity was a genetic disease beyond the person 's control . In 2003 , the issue of passenger weight surfaced when a commuter plane crashed on takeoff from Charlotte , North Carolina , because of excess weight and a maintenance error . The accident prompted the FAA to increase the estimated weight per passenger by 10 pounds , including 20 pounds of carry-on luggage . For example , the average weight for a passenger traveling in the summer  including carry-on luggage  went from 180 pounds in 1995 to 190 pounds in 2003 . "  We realized after that accident that the weights we were using probably did n't reflect the current state of the American traveling public , " said Les Dorr , a spokesman with aviation safety at the FAA . In 2004 , a CDC scientist studied the effects of obesity on the airline industry . The scientist calculated his findings based on data revealing the average weight of an American had increased by 10 pounds in the 1990s . He estimated the extra weight cost airlines $ 275 million extra for fuel in 2000 . The figures are likely higher today , with fuel costs rising . Scott Cluthe , 57 , who works in the radio industry in Houston , Texas , a city known for its obesity epidemic , said average-sized passengers should not have to incur the higher fuel cost caused by the airline 's heavier customers . "  A small child needs to pay for a flight , so why would n't an obese person ? " said Cluthe , who flies several times a year , mostly in coach , for personal trips . "  I 'm not a discriminatory person , but we have to look at the reality of the situation . It 's getting a little crowded in here . " Some larger passengers do n't mind paying for the second seat . Other heavier fliers argue while tall passengers pay a fee for legroom , the fees are only a fraction of the price of a entire seat . Air France offers obese passengers booking a second seat up to 33 percent off the ticket price , depending on the type of seat and availability . Mike Vasey of Cheyenne , Wyoming says even some normal-sized people ca n't fly comfortably when they are packed in the cabin like sardines . Vasey , 45 , who considers himself a large guy at 400 pounds and over six feet tall , usually pays for two seats . "  I 'd rather be comfortable first , " he said , "  and worry about discrimination later . "	Obesity rates have grown in the last 25 years but plane seat sizes remain the same A growing number of airlines are creating polices to deal with heavier passengers Heavier passengers cost more fuel and space , say some passengers National Association of Fat Acceptance says it 's unsafe to cram passengers
New York  CNN  -- Mayor Michael Bloomberg 's administration faced its first public oversight hearing Monday as a part of a probe into what went wrong during last month 's blizzard , with administration officials saying they should have declared a snow emergency . City Council Speaker Christine C. Quinn called the response "  unacceptable , " as New Yorkers braced for another winter storm that forecasters say could dump six to 12 inches of snow beginning Tuesday night . She said the holiday blizzard "  brought New York to its knees in a way we have never seen before , " asking administrators why a state of emergency was never called . Deputy Mayor of Operations Stephen Goldsmith said the decision not to call an emergency was based on its requirement to remove unchained cars from roadways , which could have created confusion among the thousands of drivers who would have been forced to look for parking . It was a move , he said , that later proved to be the wrong decision . Goldsmith -- who is responsible for city agencies that include police , fire and sanitation -- identified several issues that led to the slow response . He said New York had insufficient accountability tools , which led to a lack of information on street conditions , and delayed using city snow removal equipment . The city also failed to get and use private resources fast enough , did n't communicate enough with the public and had problems with emergency communications , he said . Goldsmith also added that only half the city 's sanitation trucks were equipped with radios , making it hard for them to respond to changing weather conditions as snow began falling at up to 2 inches per hour . Sanitation Commissioner John Doherty called it the "  most difficult storm " he had ever faced , blaming the coincidence of the holiday travel season that brought higher numbers of weekend travelers . But Councilman Peter Vallone said the administration failed in the planning stages , including carrying out adequate pre-salting of roadways , plus what he called its failure to communicate the seriousness of the blizzard to the public . Bloomberg came under intense criticism after telling New Yorkers to go to a Broadway show , seemingly downplaying the gravity of the crisis , during the height of clean-up operations . He later reorganized the Sanitation Department and rolled out a series of measures and pilot programs meant to improve city response during future storms . Goldsmith said the administration planned to outfit every sanitation truck with global positioning systems and other monitoring measures , including "  scout teams , " meant to send up-to-date information back to City Hall . However , Vallone said equipment problems "  may explain missing a few blocks , " but does not explain "  missing a few boroughs . " As the city grappled with one of the largest storms in its history , some neighborhoods in the city 's outer boroughs remained snowbound for days . The snow hampered morning commuters , delayed first responders and even prevented aircraft service personnel from reaching airports where 29 international flights were stuck on the tarmac for more than three hours , officials said . Thousand of emergency calls to 911 dispatchers remained backlogged , prompting the mayor to urge residents not to dial 911 unless it was a life-threatening emergency . Hundreds of city buses and ambulances remained stuck , prompting officials to ask the states of New York and New Jersey for ambulance loans to help reduce the backlog of emergency services requests . In one instance , a newborn died in Brooklyn after the mother waited nine hours for emergency responders , according to New York Fire Department spokesman Steve Rittea . "  Why did we not err on the side of caution  in declaring a state of emergency  when lives were at stake ? " asked Sanitation Committee Chairwoman Letitia James during Monday 's hearing . Goldsmith said the city needed a broader range of options in an emergency declaration , including one that would not require car removal . Sanitation union representatives , who have defended workers against accusations of an intentional slowdown amid rumors of a supervisor retaliation for budget cuts and demotions , did not speak during Monday 's hearing . Department of Investigations Commissioner Rose Gill Hearn said she is conducting an independent review into the allegations . But the rumors that appeared to reflect an inner-city squabble have also raised deeper questions into how state deficits could affect public-sector services , and vice versa . During last month 's blizzard , an army of private contractors joined thousands of public sector employees in New York , working overtime to salt , plow and shovel the city 's five boroughs . New York hired 86 private firms to bolster snow removal efforts , Doherty said , at a price tag that remains unclear . The snow also strained budgets across the region , forcing neighboring state administrators to face the added costs of more winter weather . In the week that left many New Yorkers stranded , Mayor Bloomberg called snow removal a top priority while also reminding residents of a state deficit "  that 's going to filter down to us . " New York state 's $ 9 billion budget gap for fiscal 2012 is inherited by newly appointed Gov. Andrew Cuomo . But it could be just the beginning . The state 's budget gap looms in the $ 14 billion range for fiscal 2013 , according to the National Conference of State Legislatures . And New York is not alone . Neighboring New Jersey has similar problems , with projected budget gaps of $ 10.5 billion for the next fiscal year , according to the Conference of State Legislatures . New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie 's budget presentation is due February 22 . Cuomo 's is due on February 1 . And with another winter storm expected Tuesday , state and municipal governments are again expected to reach into the public coffers .	NEW : NYC hired 86 private firms to bolster snow removal at a price that remains unclear NEW : Winter weather could continue to strain state and municipal budgets Forecasters say another storm could dump 6 to 12 inches of snow beginning Tuesday night Deputy Mayor Goldsmith said the city did n't communicate well , respond fast enough
EW.com  -- Optimus Prime is back in full force . Michael Bay 's Transformers : Age of Extinction  A - Cinema Score  earned an estimated $ 100 million across the weekend , making it the top debut of the year . It 's also a career high for star Mark Wahlberg , who leads a new cast in telling the story of what happened five years after Chicago was nearly destroyed in the last film . Paramount 's $ 200 million film may not have charmed the critics , but audiences did n't seem to take that , or the daunting run time , into account this weekend . Moviegoers were predominately male , accounting for 64 percent of audiences . Also of note : IMAX screens made up $ 10.7 million of the weekend grosses . But , the domestic business is n't the only good news . Internationally , Transformers is doing , well , Transformer-sized business , too . T4 earned a staggering $ 201.3 million from 37 territories , or 10,152 locations -- a 35 percent uplift over Transformers : Dark of the Moon . Early estimates put its China earnings in the $ 90 million range , which is the best opening ever for a foreign film there . The 150 IMAX screens also made up a huge part of the weekend earnings accounting for a record-breaking $ 10 million . It 's also the biggest opening of all time in Hong Kong and Indonesia and the second biggest opening of all time in Russia . Sony 's 22 Jump Street snagged the No. 2 spot and inched past the first movie 's domestic total  $ 138.4 million  this weekend with $ 15.4 million from 3,426 locations , down 44 percent from last . Meanwhile , DreamWorks Animation 's How to Train Your Dragon 2 fell another 47 percent and brought in an estimated $ 13.1 million in weekend three . The $ 145 million animated pic now has a domestic total of $ 121.8 million . The first film had made $ 133.4 million by this point in 2010 . It 'll be interesting to see what changes in preparation for the June 2016 release of the third film . Sony and Screen Gems ' Think Like a Man Too plummeted 64 percent in weekend two with $ 10.4 million . Star Kevin Hart is still beating the social media drum , retweeting dozens of fans who mention the movie , but the energy at the theaters seems to have cooled off . The first film opened higher in 2012 and fell only 48 percent in its second weekend , going on to gross $ 91.5 million after 12 weeks in theaters . Hart 's About Last Night , heavily marketed as a Valentine 's Day pic , fell a steep 71 percent at the same point in the cycle and capped out with $ 48.6 million . Rounding out the top five is Disney 's Maleficent , which crossed the $ 200 million mark domestically this weekend . The gothic fantasy took in an estimated $ 8.2 million from 3,073 locations in its fifth weekend in theaters , bringing its domestic cume to a staggering $ 201.9 million and its global take to $ 585.6 million  it 's playing in 54 territories and has yet to open in Japan  . Not only is this a live-action career high for Angelina Jolie on all fronts , but Disney now has two of the top four 2014 global releases to date , including Captain America : The Winter Soldier . Cap 2 may have lost the title of the highest opener , but it just passed The Lego Movie to become the highest grossing domestic release of 2014 . 1 . Transformers : Age of Extinction -- $ 100 million 2 . 22 Jump Street -- $ 15.4 million  domestic total : $ 139.8 million 3 . How to Train Your Dragon 2 -- $ 13.1 million  domestic total : $ 121.8 million 4 . Think Like a Man Too -- $ 10.4 million  domestic total : $ 48.2 million 5 . Maleficent -- $ 8.23 million  domestic total : $ 201.9 million In the speciality box office world , Begin Again , starring Keira Knightley as an aspiring musician in New York , took in an estimated $ 148K from five locations , while Snowpiercer , Bong Joon-ho 's sci-fi actioner starring Chris Evans and Tilda Swinton , made $ 162K from eight locations . "  There 's no stopping this train . With some of the best reviews of the year and incredibly strong word-of-mouth , we 're looking forward to a robust holiday expansion , " said RADiUS-TWC Co-President Tom Quinn in a statement . Finally , Dinesh D'Souza 's America took in $ 39K from three locations . Distributor Lionsgate is rolling the pic out to roughly 1,000 theaters on Wednesday . And in landmarks , The Amazing Spider-Man 2 crossed the $ 200 million mark this weekend , as well . Next weekend is a genre grab bag : Sony and Screen Gems release the horror pic Deliver Us From Evil , Relativity debuts its E.T.-like Earth to Echo . Warner Bros. ' Melissa McCarthy comedy Tammy opens too . Plus , the Roger Ebert doc Life Itself hits theaters in limited release . Check back in on Thursday for the full preview . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	` Transformers ' fans were predominately male "  22 Jump Street " snagged the no. 2 spot "  The Amazing Spider-Man 2 " crossed the $ 200 million
CNN Student News  -- March 23 , 2012 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : France Abu Dhabi Wisconsin Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .	The daily transcript is a written version of each day 's CNN Student News program Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
CNN  -- Every year , thousands of families gather in school gymnasiums and auditoriums across the country to enter a drawing , one they believe will make the difference between success and struggle . These lotteries are how charter schools decide who their students will be ; the experience can be quite dramatic . As each name is revealed , many winning families ca n't help but cry out , relieved that they 've beaten the odds , convinced that great things are now in store for them . But just a few feet away from these joyful celebrations , there are tears . Students -- some still in kindergarten -- sob with their parents as they realize their hopes have been dashed . These gut-wrenching scenes play out in "  Waiting for ` Superman ' " and "  The Lottery , " two new documentaries that put a harsh spotlight on America 's public education system and have sparked nationwide debate on what education solutions are needed . "  I do n't even go to lotteries anymore because they break my heart , " Newark , New Jersey , Mayor Cory Booker said in "  The Lottery . " "  A child 's destiny should not be determined on the pull of a draw . " But destiny is exactly what many parents believe is at stake . Frustrated with failing public schools in their neighborhoods , they 've turned to a charter school that they hope will dramatically improve their child 's chances for success . Space in these schools is limited , however , and by federal law , lotteries decide who gets in . "  The Lottery , " directed by Madeleine Sackler , follows four elementary-age children from low-income neighborhoods in New York . Their parents have applied for Harlem Success Academy , a highly regarded charter school where "  about 95 percent of the kids are at grade level , " Sackler said in an interview with CNN . "  In Harlem overall ... it 's 56 percent . " "  Waiting for ` Superman , ' " directed by Davis Guggenheim , takes a national approach , following children applying for charter schools in New York , California and Washington . Both films reach the same consensus : The U.S. public education system is antiquated and needs to be revamped . "  By getting to know these children -- and the mothers and fathers who are fighting for them -- then maybe people will be outraged enough to demand real change in their own neighborhoods , " said Guggenheim , who also directed the Academy Award-winning documentary "  An Inconvenient Truth . " "  The idea of education reform becomes a lot less abstract and a lot more compelling when you see these beautiful kids and realize all their potential . " Both "  The Lottery " and "  Superman " use successful charter schools to illustrate that all children can learn as long as they 're in the right environment . Charter schools are similar to public schools in that they are free to attend and funded by taxpayer dollars . But unlike public schools , they are not bound to the rules and regulations of a district , state or teachers union . They are free to set their own guidelines for curriculum , teacher evaluations and lengths of school days . In return for this autonomy , the schools must live up to a contract , or charter , signed with the governing authority in their state . If the schools fail to reach required goals set in the charter , which are usually three to five years in length , they can be closed down . Charter school proponents say increased accountability -- as well as the freedom to innovate -- gives them an edge over traditional public schools . Since 1991 , 40 states , as well as the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico , have signed legislation that allows charter schools . While "  The Lottery " and "  Superman " celebrate charter schools and hold up their leaders as shining examples of positive reform , the films are highly critical of politically powerful teachers unions , saying their unwillingness to change is largely responsible for hindering progress in America 's public education system . Both films detail how difficult it is to fire a tenured teacher for poor performance . "  The Lottery " said that of 55,000 tenured teachers in New York , 10 were fired in 2007 . The cost to do so ? About $ 250,000 each . "  The system is really built for the harmony amongst adults , " Guggenheim told CNN . "  That means that the teachers unions , the central bureaucracies and the administrators , they 've got job security , and everything is working just fine . We need to reorient our schools so that they serve the kids . " Randi Weingarten , president of one of the country 's two largest teachers unions , appeared in both films and said they are n't without merit . "  They connect us to real-life struggles . They may even call much-needed attention to the challenges confronting many students and schools , " said Weingarten , who leads the American Federation of Teachers . "  But the attention will be misplaced if it centers on off-base solutions and denigrating good teachers rather than on what works to improve our schools . " Weingarten thinks "  Superman , " in particular , was "  inaccurate , inconsistent and incomplete " despite its "  unquestionably good intentions . " "  There also are countless good , great and exceptional teachers working in our public schools every day in neighborhoods across the country -- although for this film , they apparently ended up on the cutting-room floor , " she said . Weingarten also said the film 's charter school success stories are not representative of charter schools as a whole : "  Guggenheim makes only glancing reference to the poor achievement of most charter schools , despite the abundance of independent research showing that most charter schools perform worse than or only about as well as comparable regular public schools . " One report , released last year by the Center for Research on Education Outcomes at Stanford University , looked at 70 percent of the nation 's charter school students and compared their progress with similar students in nearby public schools . It found that 17 percent of charter schools reported progress significantly better than public schools , 46 percent showed no difference , and 37 percent performed worse . Whatever the answer to America 's education troubles , Guggenheim said , his ultimate goal is to get people talking and motivate them to take action . The film 's website offers detailed instructions of how people can make a difference on a local level -- from writing public officials to volunteering at schools in their own communities . "  The option of just sticking your head in the sand , praying for some Superman to come in and save your schools , it ai n't going to work , " he said .	Two films , "  The Lottery " and "  Waiting for ` Superman , ' " take on the U.S. education system Both highlight successful charter schools and lengths families go to enroll Critics say the films ignore good public school teachers and charter schools ' shortcomings
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Wendell Lawing 's eyes light up as the 88-year-old man talks about his last flight in a B-17 bomber . Wendell Lawing , 88 , recently flew on a B-17 for the first time since World War II . "  We were going to Berlin , and we were flying around 20,000 feet . Suddenly , Me 109s headed out of the clouds , " said the Atlanta native , referring to Germany 's Messerschmitt fighter aircraft . "  We had a big fight , a running fight , and I personally saw my waist gunner shoot down one of those Me 109s right outside the window . " Seconds later , his bomber was struck in the plane 's radio room . Lawing , who was the radio operator , already had moved farther back in the plane . "  I was back at the waist gun . Otherwise , I would n't be here today . We were set afire , and I was told to bail out , and I bailed out . " The Liberty Belle , a restored World War II-era B-17 like the one Lawing flew in , starts a nationwide tour this weekend in Atlanta . Its mission is to remind Americans of the sacrifices made by their fathers and grandfathers over the skies of Europe . It 's also sure to spark the memories of servicemen who flew in them . Lawing 's plane went down on the outskirts of Berlin in 1945 . Two of his crew mates never got out of the plane . As he tells a small crowd the story at Atlanta 's Peachtree DeKalb Airport , he is overcome with emotion and walks away briefly to gather himself . When he returns , Lawing talks about how he was captured on the ground and spent the next several months as a prisoner of war before U.S. Gen. George Patton 's Third Army freed him . Lawing is one of two veteran bomber crew members who have been invited out to the airport by the Liberty Foundation . The foundation is responsible for resurrecting and flying this B-17 , often referred to as the "  Flying Fortress " because of the 13 machine guns carried aboard the plane . Of the 12,732 B-17s built during the war years , only 12 continue to fly . "  Our role is to fly this aircraft as a flying museum , to teach younger people the history of WWII , " said Ron Gause , a foundation volunteer and part-time pilot of the Belle . "  It is in honor of those men and women who fought and died for us . And to honor those men who are still living . Some of them fly on the aircraft with us , and we get to hear their stories of what happened to them during WWII . That 's the icing on the cake . " But it 's not just veterans who get to relive the B-17 . Each weekend , for nine months out of the year , the plane tours the United States , providing an opportunity for young and old to take a 30-minute flight on the Liberty Belle . "  It 's a wonderful 30 minutes . You get to move to all of the combat positions other than my seat , " said Ray Fowler , the Liberty Belle 's chief pilot . "  The best seat in the house is the bombardier seat in the front . It 's a great experience . " But this "  experience " does n't come cheap . It costs $ 430 for nonmembers of the foundation to fly a mission . Fowler said the money allows the group to keep the plane airborne . "  About half that is to break even just to fly the plane . The rest goes to operating costs . " The fuel costs are the weekend 's single largest expenditure . It costs roughly $ 91,000 to fill the tank , and the four engines burn 200 gallons of fuel an hour . "  There are a lot of forces trying to put these things in a museum , " Fowler said . "  We want to keep these things flying for the public . It 's strictly based on public donations , and we hope to keep it flying for years . " The Liberty Belle was built in 1945 but never saw combat . No longer needed , the plane was sold for scrap before being passed around to several entities before the Liberty Foundation bought it in 2000 and restored it . Liberty Foundation founder Don Brooks then had it painted as the "  Liberty Belle " to honor his father who flew on the original Belle in the 390th Bomb Group during the war . Fowler , who is a Continental Airlines pilot when he is not flying the Belle , said it 's important to remember the high casualties B-17 crews suffered during World War II . "  It 's just staggering to think about , " he said of the more than 45,000 B-17 crewmen killed or wounded during the war years . "  But we tell everybody never pass up an opportunity to tell these guys thank you . " Jonathan Swift , 84 , ca n't say how many missions he flew . The former bombardier remembers at least 30 . "  I was just busy and did n't keep up with it , " he said . "  Somebody asked me if I ever got shot at , " Swift said , recalling , "  Yes , every mission and you were scared . " He said he 's grateful for what the Liberty Foundation is doing . "  Of course it means a lot to me . ... Thousands -LSB- of B-17s -RCB- were just destroyed , " he said . Lawing said he 's also appreciative . Lawing ended his first flight aboard a B-17 since his fateful leap in 1945 , gingerly climbing out through the fuselage hatch to show his fellow passengers how he escaped . His smile reveals that at least this day , the Liberty Belle 's mission has been a success .	Liberty Foundation begins tour of World War II-era B-17 in Atlanta this weekend "  Our role is to fly this aircraft as a flying museum , " foundation volunteer says Public gets chance to meet airmen , fly 30-minute missions on Liberty Belle
Editor 's Note : Reese Witherspoon , the Academy Award-winning actress , is honorary chairman of the Avon Foundation and is employed by Avon Products as its global ambassador . Reese Witherspoon says she wants to banish the myth that young women are not at risk for breast cancer . CNN  -- Every three minutes in the United States , a woman is diagnosed with breast cancer . As a woman , a mother , and a daughter , I find that statistic terrifying . I was never naïve about breast cancer , but hearing this statistic put it all into perspective . Women close to me have battled the disease and are now soldiers in the greater fight against it . But the moment I heard "  every three minutes , " I felt vulnerable and scared as I realized that anyone is susceptible . The only way for me to ease my fears was to take action . I needed to educate myself and others on this disease . As the Honorary Chair for the Avon Foundation , I had resources at my fingertips . I had access to an entire organization that is dedicated to giving back to women and educating people . So I started asking , "  What do I need to know ? " It was through that curiosity that I found out the most important fact in breast cancer : Early detection saves lives . According to the Avon Foundation Breast Cancer Crusade , there is a 97 percent five-year survival rate when breast cancer is caught before it spreads to other parts of the body . When breast cancer first develops , there are usually no symptoms , which is why women need to perform self-exams regularly and contact their doctor upon noticing even the smallest change . Of course talking about breast cancer and breast health is a personal thing . I too am a private person but encourage all women to break through their reservations and talk to their doctors and physicians . We must also banish the myth that young women are not at risk for breast cancer . At the Avon Walk in Washington , I met young survivors who were diagnosed in their 20s , an age when most women are graduating from college and just starting their lives as full adults . Watch Reese and Larry at the Avon Walk " Women in their 20s and 30s should have a clinical breast exam by a health professional at least once every three years and women 40 and older should have an exam every year . I am passionate about fighting this devastating disease . I fight for my mother , myself , my children and future generations of women , so one day we will not have to be afraid of breast cancer . I began my fight by learning important first steps in breast cancer detection , and will not end my fight until every woman can stand together saying we are breast cancer free . More than anything else , I have faith -- faith we will find a cure . I saw this commitment in the faces of the women in Washington -- in the faces of the women walking and the women and men who stood on the sidelines encouraging the 3,500 participants to the finish line . I was cheering right along with them , screaming for action to find a cure . Avon 's next walk will take place in New York City on October 4 and 5 .	"  Every three minutes " statistic made Witherspoon feel "  vulnerable " and "  scared " Oscar-winning actress : Young women are not exempt from the disease Witherspoon emphasizes importance of early detection and regular screenings
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A female marketing executive is suing the chief executive officer of a famous toy manufacturer , accusing him of sexually harassing and assaulting her . Steiff CEO Martin Frechen denies all the allegations . Both the company , known as the makers of the original Teddy bears , and another executive named in the lawsuit also deny the allegations in the lawsuit . The plaintiff , Jane Collins , now 32 , joined Steiff as a temporary receptionist in 2000 . She became Frechen 's executive assistant in 2002 , when he was named CEO of Steiff North America . Collins ' lawsuit , filed Monday in New York state Supreme Court , contends that the harassment began in fall 2004 , shortly before Frechen was to leave for Germany . After Collins rebuffed Frechen 's advances in a hotel room and parking lot , he asked for her assistance in moving his wife 's car to a storage unit , where he raped her , Collins alleges in her court filings . Collins ' attorney , Chris Brennan , said his client was afraid that reporting the assault could jeopardize her job . She did not call police . "  I was a single mom at the time , and I simply could n't afford to lose this job , " Collins said in a statement issued by her attorney . The suit alleges that Frechen 's unwanted advances continued after the assault , until as recently as February 2009 . "  I had put it out of my mind , because I thought there was nothing I could do , " she said . Brennan said , "  The company had in place no policies and procedures to inform her otherwise . "  This is a company that makes millions a dollars a year here in North America , and they did n't invest a dollar in training or educating their employees on sexual harassment policy . " Collins is seeking $ 80 million in damages . In addition to the allegations against Frechen , the suit alleges that the company , Margarete Steiff GmbH , Steiff North America Inc. and the company 's head of U.S. operations , James Pitocco , are culpable for failing to take appropriate measures to stop Frechen 's harassment after Collins reported his behavior . "  Steiff North America is committed to providing a safe and comfortable working environment for all of its employees . It does not comment on pending litigation . However , Steiff North America , Margarete Steiff and James Pitocco resolutely deny the allegations in Ms. Collins ' complaint and will vigorously defend the claims made by her in court , " David Rosenthal , an attorney for the company , said in a statement . "  They are confident that when all of the facts and circumstances relevant to this case are revealed during this litigation , Ms. Collins ' claims will fail . " Michael Rosen , attorney for Frechen , issued a similar statement on behalf of his client . "  Mr. Frechen believes the plaintiff 's claims are entirely without merit , " he said . "  He intends to vigorously defend himself against these claims and believes he ultimately will prevail . " Founded by German seamstress Margarete Steiff , the Steiff toy company produced its first plush animal , a felt elephant pincushion , in 1880 . In 1902 , Theodore Roosevelt was president when Steiff launched the plush bear that would become the company 's signature . Quickly dubbed "  Teddy 's bear , " 3,000 Steiff bears -- now collectors items -- were sold worldwide that year . Collins , a mother of two , continues to work for Steiff as an assistant marketing manager .	Female manager sues Steiff CEO , alleging sexual harassment and assault Lawsuit also claims company did not stop the harassment after she complained Steiff and CEO Martin Frechen deny all allegations
CNN  -- Jeffrey Ian Pollack , who directed the popular 1990s films "  Booty Call " and "  Above the Rim " and produced "  The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air " was found dead on Monday police said . He was 54 . A spokesperson for the Hermosa Beach Police Department confirmed to CNN on Thursday that an unidentified woman informed authorities that there was a man down on a walking trail in Hermosa Beach , California , early on December 23 . Police responding to the scene found Pollack on the ground by the side of the walking/running path near a tree . According to authorities Pollack , who was reportedly an avid runner , was not alive at the time he was discovered . He was found wearing a jogging outfit and with a music player . While the cause of death has not yet been determined , police said they do not suspect foul play . In addition to producing "  The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air " starring actor Will Smith , Pollack was a business partner of superstar manager Benny Medina who was the inspiration for the series . According to The Hollywood Reporter , Pollack and Medina formed a company which became Handprint Entertainment whose management clients included celebs Mariah Carey , Tyra Banks and Jennifer Lopez . The company reportedly folded in 2008 . Pollack also worked with Jeff Beacher , the creator of the Beacher 's Madhouse variety shows which were performed at the Roosevelt Hotel in Hollywood . The show has been revamped for a new version with Miley Cyrus hosting and opening December 27 at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas . "  He was my best friend and partner for a decade , " Beacher said in a statement . "  He was my brother and father in one . Words ca n't describe how I feel right now . " People we lost in 2013	Pollack directed "  Booty Call " and "  Above the Rim " He was found on a walking trail in Hermosa Beach Pollack also served as a producer for "  The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Former President Carter warned members of Congress on Tuesday that America 's failure to achieve energy independence is threatening the country 's national security , undermining its long-term potential for economic growth and contributing to global warming . Former President Carter said Tuesday that the United States must end its energy-based vulnerability . "  Collectively , nothing could be more important than this question of energy , " Carter said during a rare presidential appearance before a congressional committee . "  I would guess that our entire status as a leading nation in the world will depend on the role that we play in energy and environment in the future . " Carter , who in 1977 famously declared the fight for energy independence to be "  the moral equivalent of war , " told members of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee that reaching that goal is crucial to ending the country 's "  vulnerability to possible pressures and blackmail . " Right now , he noted , "  whether we admit it or not , we are very careful not to aggravate our major oil suppliers . " Watch Carter talk about energy and security " He also asserted that more jobs will be gained than lost by transitioning the country away from fossil fuels and toward cleaner , renewable energy sources . Carter 's testimony came as Congress continues its consideration of broad-reaching energy legislation with the potential to dramatically tighten emissions controls while reshaping America 's environmental standards . Among other things , the American Clean Energy and Security Act would create a controversial "  cap-and-trade " system establishing steadily declining limits on greenhouse gas emissions over the next four decades . Under the bill , polluters would be able to buy and sell emissions credits while utilities would be required to generate an increasing amount of power from renewable sources . Congressional attention to the issue is being driven by President Obama , who , like Carter , has placed energy near the top of his domestic agenda . Carter suggested that energy reform advocates craft an omnibus proposal that could be considered collectively by Congress in order to minimize "  adverse influence of special interest groups " opposed to any major changes . Powerful entrenched interests ultimately helped derail his administration 's energy agenda , he said . Carter noted that his administration nevertheless succeeded in reducing net oil imports by 50 percent , from 8.6 to 4.3 million barrels per day . But after "  a long period of energy complacency , " he said , daily imports to the United States are now almost 13 million barrels . America consumes 2.5 times more oil than China and 7.5 times more than India , he noted . On a per capita basis , the United States consumes 12 times more oil than China and 28 times more than India . "  Although our rich nation can afford these daily purchases , there is little doubt that , in general terms , we are constrained not to alienate our major oil suppliers , which puts a restraint on our nation 's foreign policy , " Carter said . The former president reminded committee members that , as part of his drive for renewable energy , he had ordered 32 solar panels to be placed on the roof of the White House in 1979 . But the panels were removed "  almost instantaneously after -LSB- Ronald Reagan -RSB- moved into the White House , with assurances to the American people that such drastic action would no longer be necessary . " Sen. John Kerry , D-Massachusetts , opened the hearing by noting that the price of a barrel of oil has fallen $ 90 below the record high hit in summer 2008 . Unfortunately , Kerry added , the "  political will to take decisive action has dissipated " as each past energy crisis has subsided . Carter "  had the courage to tell the truth to Americans -LSB- and -RSB- set America on the right path in the 1970s , " Kerry said . "  Regrettably , the ensuing years saw those efforts unfunded -LSB- and -RSB- stripped away . " Richard Nixon was the first president to set a goal of energy independence , Kerry noted . Nixon called for that goal to be reached by 1980 .	"  Our entire status as a leading nation " will depend on energy role , ex-president says Energy independence would protect national security , create jobs , he claims Congress continues to consider broad-reaching energy legislation
New York  CNN  It 's the "  crippling and potentially historic " blizzard that turned out to be neither . "  They were trying to out-drama each other , " architect Rebecca Uss in New York City said Tuesday , speaking of officials in the region who had warned of the coming snowstorm . "  In hindsight , it was overkill , " said Brian Beirne , who was sledding with his son Micah on New York 's Upper West Side . "  It 's much ado about nothing . " Roberto Gonzalez slept in the lobby of a building , curling up near a radiator , since the restaurant he worked at closed too late Monday for him to get on the subway to go home . "  When I woke up , I expected the end of the world . I went outside and nothing  had  happened . What storm ? " Some people in the Northeast are concerned the government cried wolf . "  They decided to close , " a woman named Anesah , who works with international students in Philadelphia , tweeted about her workplace . There "  is n't a flurry to be found . I do n't think they 'll ever give us off again . #crywolf . " "  This #snowFail does not bode well for civilian cooperation with the terms of the next snow emergency in NYC , " Lisa B. in New York said on Twitter . Government officials say the measures taken , including travel bans , are helpful for the quick cleanup of streets and , most importantly , are signs of erring on the side of caution . "  Better safe than sorry , " said New York Mayor Bill de Blasio , who had warned Monday that the storm could be one of the largest "  in the history of this city . " Instead , "  It 's going to be a fast return to normalcy , " de Blasio said . Connecticut Gov. Dannel Malloy was asked at a news conference Tuesday about suggestions that the predictions were "  overblown . " "  That would be an oversimplification , " he said , laughing . The eastern part of the state was heaviest hit and is still receiving "  significant and continued snowfall , " he said . Still , despite previous warnings that people might be without power for days , "  By and large we 'll be back to normal for most of our state tomorrow , " Malloy said . Many people had stocked up on days ' worth of necessities and prepared to hunker down for what the National Weather Service said could be a "  raging blizzard . " Some are now calling it all "  snowperbole . " But Liz Childs , who works at a hospital in New York , said she does n't believe authorities overreacted . "  I feel we were lucky this time , " she said . "  I think we dodged a bullet . " Sights and sounds of the blizzard Some who forecast the weather professionally felt the need to apologize , including Gary Szatkowski , with the National Weather Service in Mount Holly , New Jersey . "  My deepest apologies to many key decision makers and so many members of the general public , " he wrote Tuesday on Twitter . "  You made a lot of tough decisions expecting us to get it right , and we did n't . Once again , I 'm sorry . " He was n't alone . An online collection showed several similar tweets from meteorologists , including one from News 12 New Jersey 's Dave Curren saying the forecast "  deflated as much as New England Patriots footballs . " Many of the responses to these posts were supportive . "  You are making a prediction about the future . Closing roads at 11 p.m. when it snows saves lives , " Jennifer Smith in New York wrote to Szatkowski . "  No apology necessary . " Government officials face a tough dilemma . They do n't want to shut everything down , keeping children home from school and people home from work , but they also do not want to risk a disaster . "  Look at what happened in Atlanta when the city was n't prepared , " Frank Flores said in a Facebook discussion . He was referring to an incident a year ago this week in which people were stranded along miles and miles of icy interstates , paralyzing the metro area for more than 24 hours . Many ultimately abandoned their cars and walked home . There 's some hand-wringing over the forecasting models used . Here 's the basic idea , from CNN meteorologist Brandon Miller : "  Meteorologists largely depend on three major forecast models : the NAM  North American Mesoscale  , the GFS  Global Forecast System  , and the ECMWF  European Center for Medium Range Forecasting  . Meteorologists will look at all of these and , using their own expertise , local knowledge , etc. , formulate a forecast . In this case , the NAM and the ECMWF both showed 2 feet of snow or more for New York City , while the GFS  which has just been upgraded this winter  showed a more conservative 6 to 12 inches . "  The National Weather Service forecasters in New York certainly went all in with the NAM and ECMWF forecasts , and all but ignored the GFS , without providing much room for uncertainty that should come with the GFS showing a vastly different solution . "  In 2012 , the ECMWF "  was the media-darling model for properly forecasting Superstorm Sandy to a ` t ' while the GFS did not , " Miller says . "  Now it is the opposite . " Still , "  the forecast was n't too far off if you look at it as a whole , " Miller says . "  The heaviest snow fell across much of Connecticut , Rhode Island , Long Island and Massachusetts . Winds have gusted up to hurricane strength , which was also in the forecast . " Predicted storm surge flooding also came to fruition , he said . "  But of course the headlines are going to come from New York City and New Jersey , where a forecast of more than 2 feet turned out to only be about half that , " Miller said . There were 2 feet of snow elsewhere , and "  a miss of only 30 to 40 miles in a forecast that was first given 48 hours in advance is not that bad from a strictly forecasting perspective . " But from a "  practical perspective , " it 's a "  big miss , and has major ramifications with business disruption , wasted resources and tax dollars , etc. , " Miller said . CNN did note the discrepancy among forecasts Monday , even as government officials were announcing closures . "  I just got the brand new models in just a minute ago . And one model says for New York City 2 inches -- not 2 feet , 2 inches . The other model I looked at said 27 inches , " CNN meteorologist Chad Myers noted . "  I hate it when models do n't agree to that extent . " It 's not an exact science , and it 's important for people to know that , Miller says . "  As meteorologists we must convey the uncertainty associated with these forecasts . " Opinion : Weather forecasts are always going to be uncertain CNN 's Ray Sanchez contributed to this report from New York ; Josh Levs reported from Atlanta .	Some Americans fear a "  crying wolf " effect "  Better safe than sorry , " New York Mayor Bill de Blasio says A CNN meteorologist explains what the forecasts left out
CNN  -- For some 100 years , tourists have flocked Arenhold Hooper 's ostrich family farm in Oudtshoorn , the South African city renowned as the ostrich capital of the world , to ride its long-legged , long-necked birds . Today , however , Hooper 's Highgate Ostrich show farm is devoid of both birds and people after tests showed that a major avian flu outbreak in the region has infected his birds . As a result , all of Hooper 's 1,500 ostriches have been culled . "  We do not have a business at this stage , our business is closed , " says Hooper , whose farm has been empty eight months now . "  Tremendously frustrated -- it has been a battle of unanswered questions , it has been sleepless nights , it has been staff concerns , it has been financial concerns . We still do not have the green light so the sleepless nights and the frustration still carries on , " he adds . Hooper is just one of the hundreds of Oudtshoorn farmers facing tough times after the H5N2 virus was first detected in the region in April -- the strain , officials say , does not pose a threat to humans but could mutate and affect poultry . More from Marketplace Africa : Agriculture must play ` critical role ' in Africa 's future Since then , African authorities have imposed an exports suspension of ostrich products and banned restocking until the entire region is declared virus-free . In total , 41,000 ostriches have been culled . Officials say farmers whose animals were culled have received compensation of 50 million rand  $ 6.5 million  but warn that the impact on the industry , which accounts for up to 80 % of the world 's ostrich products , is still severe . "  The industry estimates that it is losing more than 100 million rand  $ 13 million  per month which is very serious , " says Wouter Kriel , the spokesman for the Western Cape Provincial Department of Agriculture . "  The situation can not continue indefinitely and we very urgently need to try and get the industry back on its feet again , " adds Kriel . South Africa is the global leader in ostrich farming . Its industry exports 90 % of its output , generates about 1.2 billion rand  $ 155 million  a year and provides direct job opportunities for 20,000 people in Oudtshoorn . Its main export product is meat , which is particularly popular in Europe for its low fat and cholesterol levels and accounts for more than 60 % of the industry 's turnover . Other items include leathers , eggs and feathers , used primarily to adorn fanciful costumes of carnival dancers , such as those cramming Rio de Janeiro 's streets this week . Read also : Rhino horn trade triggers extinction threat Anton Kruger , head of the South African Ostrich Business Chamber , the business body representing the industry , says that Oudtshoorn 's meat-exporting farms that were spared the virus are also suffering the strain , hit by the European Union import ban on all ostrich meat from the area . "  They still have the ostriches in the farm , they keep on feeding them , they have to keep on paying their workers , " he says . That is one of the big issues with the other farmers . " Late last month , authorities announced that the seventh round of surveillance for the H5N2 virus were negative . If the next round of tests also yields negative results , then the government can deem the outbreak to be over -- it is only then that South Africa can apply to the European Union , their biggest importer of ostrich meat , to lift their ban and farmers can start restocking . But Kruger says even if the ban is lifted "  it will take at least three years for the industry to recover , " affecting the livelihood of the area 's farmers . "  These are very rural areas with high unemployment figures so should the industry collapse in those areas it would have a very big , socio-economic impact , " he warns . Read more : Ivory Coast seeks chocolate fairness for farmers Back in Oudtshoorn , Hooper 's staff have started a government-funded retraining program just in case the farm never re-opens again , while those in the industry await the latest test results . Hooper , whose family has been running the farm for five generations , says he is determined that even if there are more delays in restocking , one day he will be able to get people riding his ostriches again . "  It is in our blood to do what we do and we will keep fighting for that , " he says . "  I will not get out of this industry , I will keep fighting until we get birds back on this property and do what we have been doing for more than 100 years , " adds Hooper .	South Africa 's ostrich industry is facing tough times after a major bird flu outbreak More than 40,000 ostriches have been culled since last April Officials warn that the impact of the disease outbreak on the industry is severe South Africa accounts for up to 80 % of the world 's ostrich products
CNN  -- At least five people were killed Sunday in a string of blasts before the start of a political rally in eastern India , authorities said . The explosions occurred in Patna , in Bihar state , ahead of an appearance by opposition politician Narendra Modi , the Bharatiya Janta party 's prime ministerial candidate for next year 's national elections . Along with the dead , 83 people were injured , Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar confirmed . One person has been taken into custody and is being questioned , and law enforcement is developing important leads in the strikes , he said . Kumar said there was no intelligence information before the blasts to indicate a threat . He said that next of kin of those slain will be compensated . Authorities in Bihar have not yet determined whether the bombings were politically motivated or whether Modi himself was targeted . But Modi has his share of detractors -- particularly in the state of Bihar , which has a significant Muslim population -- and many citizens think he could have been targeted . Modi , who is the chief minister of Gujarat state , is a powerful but controversial Hindu nationalist leader . He has been accused of turning a blind eye to the killings of hundreds of Muslims in the wake of the burning of a train carrying Hindu pilgrims in 2002 in Gujarat . Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh issued a statement condemning Sunday 's blasts and called for "  urgent steps to identify and take action against those responsible . " Modi , on his Facebook page , called the explosions "  deeply saddening . " Both he and Singh appealed for calm . The blasts did not prevent the rally from occurring . Modi made no mention of the blasts at the rally but called for peace . Journalist Neha Sharma in New Delhi and CNN 's Jessica King in Atlanta reported	Blasts occurred before event began Scores of people were injured The prime minister and candidate Narendra Modi appeal for calm Explosions took place in Bihar state
HOGANAS , Sweden  CNN  -- Swedish artist Lars Vilks says all he 's doing is taking a stand in the name of artistic expression . But because of that stand , on this afternoon he 's lying low -- on the ground , in fact -- looking for bombs under his car . Lars Vilks says if people do n't like his artwork , then "  do n't look at it . " Al Qaeda has put a $ 100,000 price on his head and offered an extra $ 50,000 for anyone who murders him by slitting his throat after the eccentric artist and sculptor drew a cartoon depicting the Prophet Mohammed as a dog . "  I do n't think it should not be a problem to insult a religion , because it should be possible to insult all religions in a democratic way , " says Vilks from his home in rural Sweden . "  If you insult one , then you should insult the other ones . " His crude , sketched caricature shows the head of Prophet Mohammed on the body of a dog . Dogs are considered unclean by conservative Muslims , and any depiction of the prophet is strictly forbidden . Vilks , who has been a controversial artist for more than three decades in Sweden , says his drawing was a calculated move , and he wanted it to elicit a reaction . Watch "  I should slaughter you " " "  That 's a way of expressing things . If you do n't like it , do n't look at it . And if you look at it , do n't take it too seriously . No harm done , really , " he says . When it 's suggested that might prove an arrogant -- if not insulting -- way to engage Muslims , he is unrelenting , even defiant . "  No one actually loves the truth , but someone has to say it , " he says . Vilks , a self-described atheist , points out he 's an equal opportunity offender who in the past sketched a depiction of Jesus as a pedophile . Still one could argue Vilks should have known better because of what happened in Denmark in 2005 , when a cartoonist 's depictions of the prophet sparked violent protests in the Muslim world and prompted death threats against that cartoonist 's life . Vilks ' cartoon , which was published in August by the Swedish newspaper Nerikes Allehanda , has n't reached that level of global protests , although it has stoked plenty of outrage . Muslims in Sweden demanded an apology from the newspaper , which has stood by Vilks on his freedom of expression stand . Pakistan and Iran also lodged formal protests with Sweden . One Swedish Muslim woman who lives just an hour-and-a-half drive from Vilks said she hopes to make good on the al Qaeda threat and slaughter Vilks like a lamb . "  I can do this in the name of Allah , and I will not fail . I could slaughter him in the name of Allah , " says the woman who identified herself only as Amatullah . She adds , "  If I get the opportunity . " Dressed in a black burqa from head to toe and uttering death threat after death threat , the woman -- a wife and mother -- says she is defending her religion and her prophet if she manages to kill Vilks . Amatullah has already been fined for issuing death threats . Still , she claims she will never stop taunting him . Swedish police , who declined CNN 's request for an interview , have advised Vilks to abandon his home . But the artist still works there by day and travels to a safe house by night . Vilks knows his defiance could get him killed , but he says his art is worth dying for . As he sits at his computer , his phone buzzes with a text message . Another death threat has just come in , this one from Pakistan . "  I will kill you , you son a bitch , " he reads . There are hundreds of threats just like this one on his mobile phone , on his answering machine and in his e-mail inbox . "  You get used to it , " he says . "  It 's a bit of hide and seek . It 's like living in a film . " E-mail to a friend	Artist Lars Vilks stands by Mohammed cartoon even amid al Qaeda threats Vilks says , "  If you do n't like it , do n't look at it " Woman tells CNN : "  I could slaughter him in the name of Allah " Al Qaeda offers $ 100,000 for killing him , with $ 50,000 bonus for slitting his throat
CNN  -- Rafael Nadal 's status as the world 's top tennis player may have dimmed slightly with two recent final defeats , but the Spaniard showed again on Sunday that he is the man to beat on clay . The 24-year-old extended his record of most successive titles in an ATP Tour event with his seventh success in Monte Carlo , boosting his leading tally of Masters Series crowns to 19 . Nadal beat fourth-seeded compatriot David Ferrer 6-4 7-5 in the final as he shook off successive losses on hard-court surfaces to the pretender to his throne , Novak Djokovic , to claim his 44th career title and the $ 630,000 first prize . He has won 30 of those on clay , putting him equal third in the post-1968 Open Era list alongside compatriot Manuel Orantes and Bjorn Borg . "  Rafa is incredible on clay . I mean , he 's everywhere at the same time . He 's the best player on clay in history , " Ferrer told the tournament 's official web site . Djokovic , unbeaten in 2011 , missed this tournament due to a knee injury but the Serbian is expected to line up alongside Nadal at the Madrid Masters at the start of next month . Nadal won that event last year as he went through the clay season unbeaten , culminating in his fifth French Open triumph . That run saw him beat Ferrer in the final of the Rome Masters , and he again denied the 29-year-old a 1,000-point haul in Monte Carlo on Sunday as he avenged his defeat at the Australian Open quarterfinals in January . Ferrer dropped serve as early as the third game , but the world No. 6 broke back immediately as both players made uncharacteristic errors that would be symptomatic of a match also featuring moments of brilliance . Nadal broke again in the fifth game and won the opening set in 70 minutes . He won against serve in the third game of the second set before Ferrer fought back to lead 5-4 , but Nadal broke him again to go 6-5 up and sealed victory when his opponent netted on the second match-point . Nadal 's only defeat in Monte Carlo came at his first appearance in 2003 . Is Sharapova back as a real contender ? Meanwhile , Russia ended Italy 's Fed Cup reign by reaching the final of the women 's teams event with a comprehensive 5-0 victory on Sunday . The home team led 2-0 after the opening day in Moscow , and world No. 3 Vera Zvonareva put her country into the title match for the first time since her last appearance in the tournament in 2008 by beating Roberta Vinci 6-4 6-2 . With the tie over , Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova stepped in for Saturday 's singles winner Svetlana Kuznetsova to hand Sara Errani her second defeat as the Russian triumphed 7-6  7-5  7-6  7-4  . Pavlyuchenkova and Ekaterina Makarova then sealed the whitewash , beating Alberta Brianti and Maria-Elena Camerin 7-6  7-3  6-1 in the doubles . Italy had won the title the past two years , but went into this match without top-ranked players Francesca Schiavone and Flavia Pennetta . Four-time champions Russia will play the Czech Republic in the final after the other semifinal in Belgium went to the deciding doubles rubber after both teams won a singles tie on Sunday . Czech No. 1 Petra Kvitova gave her country a 2-1 lead in Charleroi with a 7-5 4-6 2-6 victory over Yanina Wickmayer , Belgium 's top-ranked player in the absence of injured world No. 2 Kim Clijsters . But 106th-ranked Kirsten Flipkens leveled the score again by beating Barbora Zahlavova-Strycova 6-2 6-3 . Zahlavova-Strycova then paired up with Iveta Benesova to beat Flipkens and Wickmayer 6-4 6-4 to seal a 3-2 win . Czechoslovakia won the title five times but not since separating into two nations following the Velvet Revolution in 1989 .	Rafael Nadal wins seventh consecutive Monte Carlo title , beating David Ferrer in final World No. 1 bounces back after two Masters Series final defeats in the U.S. He extends his record total of Masters 1000 titles to 19 after winning 6-4 7-5 Italy 's Fed Cup reign ends after 5-0 defeat by Russia in semifinal of women 's event
CNN  -- At a time when the United States is trying to figure out how to respond to threats from North Korean leaders , America and Israel are synthesizing their intelligence assessments of Iran 's nuclear capability , and Americans are marking the 10th anniversary of the Iraq war , it is useful to remind ourselves of the central role that intelligence plays in trying to understand our nation 's greatest threat , an enemy armed with weapons of mass destruction . Whether this intelligence turns out to be accurate or inaccurate , when trying to figure out the capabilities and intentions of hostile countries , our leaders turn to clandestinely collected information simply because they have no other way of knowing . But it is also worth remembering that the picture that intelligence paints is not a factual depiction . With solid sources and analysis rigorously tested for bias , it can be very good . But a lack of these can produce intelligence analysis that is far less certain and therefore open for interpretation from policymakers . The general public is not aware of the quality of our nation 's intelligence at any given moment because it is not shared with the public , and we are forced to rely on the president 's representation of the information . Not an ideal situation for a democracy -- and one that proved disastrous in the case of the Iraq War . As an intelligence analyst at the CIA , I was privy to all the intelligence analysis on Iraq in the lead-up to that war . My office covered the country analysis while other offices covered WMD and terrorism , but we read each other 's work . I remember thinking at the time how paradoxical it was that we were working so hard to be thorough in our analysis for the president , but then he gave the public only a few pieces of raw intelligence reporting from a handful of sources as well as the administration 's own judgments that did not reflect the complexity of our assessments . Thus the general public was given only the intelligence the Bush administration judged was most useful to characterize the danger of Saddam Hussein 's regime . This was done by unilaterally declassifying secret intelligence for speeches , talk show appearances and Colin Powell 's famous U.N. Security Council speech . There is a far better way to give the public a more accurate reading of threats to our national security . One need n't look any further than the Constitution . The framers created Congress to be another body , unaccountable to the executive , to be entrusted with the nation 's security and with the exclusive power to make war . But for Congress to play this role in today 's WMD reality , congressional leaders need to have access to the same intelligence the president has . This would allow Congress to challenge a president 's characterization of a threat with the public  as well as call out a president if he is n't addressing a threat  . This would provide the public a more accurate understanding of the real threats it faces and with that a greater certainty as to when we need to act . While some congressional members on the intelligence committees are getting more intelligence information today than they were before , the President 's Daily Brief , with information from the nation 's most sensitive sources , is still for presidential eyes only . This puts the president in the driver 's seat to define our threats , determine our enemies and tell the public what he thinks we need to do about it . In the case of the Iraq war , by the time Congress began to take a more active role and summoned the now infamous National Intelligence Estimate , they were not in a position to function as a "  balance " to the executive branch and "  check " that branch 's characterization of Hussein as an imminent threat . The Bush administration had already released most of the damning intelligence to the public , creating enough fear to convince many Americans that Hussein was "  very likely " to give WMD to terrorists . It would have been far better to have trusted the public with the CIA analysts ' full assessments than for the individual , sometimes uncorroborated pieces of raw intelligence to be released to the public without any analysis or context . The public would have had to wrestle with the complexity , the uncertainties and in some cases the limited availability of sources that was the intelligence picture on Iraq in 2002-2003 . I am not advocating for this type of complete intel-sharing with the public in the future . Releasing top secret information to the public risks lives and collection methods and is clearly unwise . Congress , as the body representing the public , can and should serve this function . But unless Congress ' access to intelligence is on par with the president 's , you can forget what you read in the Constitution ; information is power and the branch with the most classified intelligence is king and alone makes war . Congress , and by default , the public , are largely irrelevant . Fear should not compel us to go to war . A decision of that consequence should only follow a rigorous debate among all of our leaders on the necessity for war based on the best information available . And while they 're at it , a debate on the quality of that information as well . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Elizabeth C. MacKenzie Biedell .	Elizabeth Biedell : In major foreign policy decisions , intelligence plays a key role Presidents get the fullest description of what intelligence agencies know Failure to share intelligence fully misled the public in advance of Iraq War , she says Biedell : Presidents should fully inform Congress of relevant intelligence
CNN  -- Lewis Hamilton reserved a barnstorming final lap in qualifying for the Spanish Grand Prix to take his fourth pole of the season Saturday . With his 35th career pole , Hamilton relegated Mercedes teammate Nico Rosberg to second on the grid as he bids for his fourth straight win of the season . Victory in Sunday 's race would see Hamilton leapfrog Rosberg in the world title standings and would be his first at the Circuit of Catalunya . But it proved another sorry afternoon for four-time defending champion Sebastian Vettel , who could not take part in the final part of qualifying after "  losing drive " in his Red Bull , and was later penalized five grid places for a gearbox change . It left him 15th on the grid , while teammate Daniel Ricciardo of Australia again impressed by claiming third spot , although over a second slower on his lap than Hamilton . Finn Valtteri Bottas took a fine fourth for the revived Williams team , with Romain Grosjean giving Lotus a boost in fifth . Ferrari 's home hero Fernando Alonso had hoped to give his vast following in Barcelona something to cheer , but had to settle for seventh on the grid , being out qualified by his teammate Kimi Raikkonen . Rosberg had raised hopes he could take pole ahead of Hamilton by being fastest in third practice and then in the opening two sessions of final qualifying . But Hamilton showed his superiority despite doubts he would have to give second best , clocking a time of one minute 25.232 seconds . "  Nico  Rosberg  has been driving really well through P3 and qualifying , so I did n't know if I could get it . At the end , I had to eek out everything and more from the car , " he said . "  To have the kind of performance we have , I have never really known that before . I 'm overwhelmed , so happy . " Jenson Button for McLaren , Felipe Massa in the second Williams and Nico Hulkenberg for Sauber , who narrowly missed out on final qualifying , round out the top 10 .	Lewis Hamilton takes pole for Spanish Grand Prix in Barcelona Teammate Nico Rosberg is second on the grid Daniel Ricciardo in third for Red Bull NEW : Four-time world champion Sebastian Vettel five-place grid penalty
CNN Student News  -- September 15 , 2010 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Philadelphia , Pennsylvania • San Bruno , California • France Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : Hi ! I 'm Carl Azuz , this is CNN Student News , and if you do n't know why a hurricane 's winds turn in a certain direction , you are going to by the end of today 's show . First Up : Back to School AZUZ : First up , though , President Obama gives a speech for a very specific group of Americans : you ! He talked directly to students in his second back-to-school address . He gave the speech yesterday at the Julia Masterman School in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , and the president offered some suggestions that might sound familiar to you : do your homework , pay attention in class , show up on time . His main point was about the importance of education and to urge students to get the most out of their opportunities in school . Suzanne Malveaux was in Philadelphia for yesterday 's speech . She has more on it for us right now . Suzanne ? BEGIN VIDEO SUZANNE MALVEAUX , CNN WHITE HOUSE CORRESPONDENT : Hey , Carl . Well , President Obama picked Masterman School , one of the best schools here in Philadelphia , as the place to give his speech , his back-to-school speech for all the students around the country . Obviously , a lot of it was very encouraging , optimistic , encouraging students to pursue their education , that they are in control of their own destiny . The president also got personal , as well . We heard him talk about his own struggle with his identity when he was younger , being a product of a white mother and a black father , a father who was largely absent in his life . The president also talked about the fact that he was n't always a good student ; that he needed a little prodding from his own mother from time to time . And then , what was interesting , Carl , as well , the president talked about what it was like for young people and young students in the times , these hard economic times , and the mood of the country . Here 's how the president related the two . U.S. PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA : I know a lot of you are also feeling the strain of some difficult times . You know what 's going on in the news and you also know what 's going on in some of your own families . You 've read about the war in Afghanistan . You hear about the recession that we 've been through , and sometimes maybe you 're seeing the worries in your parents ' faces or sense it in their voice . END VIDEO Retail Sales Are Up AZUZ : All right , well , for many Americans , back to school means back-to-school shopping . You 've probably gotten most of yours done already . And experts think that is why retail sales were up last month . Around $ 363 billion in sales during the month of August . That is up .4 percent from July , and it 's up 3.6 percent from last August . Could be a good sign for the economy . Back-to-school spending can give an idea of how holiday spending might go . But some analysts are saying do n't jump the gun just yet . They point out that while spending is up a little bit , people are still holding back because of concerns about -- you guessed it -- the economy . Shoutout TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Time for the Shoutout ! What determines which way hurricanes rotate ? If you think you know it , then shout it out ! Is it the : A  Doppler Effect , B  Heisenberg Principle , C  Coriolis Effect or D  Butterfly Effect ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! The Coriolis Effect has to do with the earth 's rotation ; it deflects winds in certain directions in different hemispheres . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Igor AZUZ : This image you see over my shoulder is one of the scarier images we 've had on CNN Student News . It 's Hurricane Igor , what the thing looks like from space . That opening in the middle there is the eye of the storm . And you see how the winds are turning counter-clockwise here around the eye ? That 's because of the Coriolis Effect . These pictures are amazing . They 're from a satellite called the GOES-15 . They give you an idea of just how big this storm is . It started out as a tropical storm on Saturday . Yesterday afternoon , it was a category 4 hurricane . So it 's not only big , it got big fast . Forecasters think it will stay out in the ocean . But because the thing is so massive , Igor could cause some severe conditions for parts of the Caribbean . Gas Line Fire AZUZ : Remember that fire we told you about on Monday that came from a gas line in San Bruno , California ? The gas company , Pacific Gas and Electric , says it 'll pay up to $ 100 million to help the people who lost their homes . The company 's president said he knows that money ca n't return lives or restore memories , but that he 's committed to helping rebuild . Now , we want you to check out this surveillance video . This was taken on the day of the fire at a store about a quarter mile away . At first , people just stop what they 're doing . Then , they start running for the exits . And you can actually see -- take a look at this -- you can see the doors being blown in by the force of the explosion when the fire started . Burqa Ban in France AZUZ : In France , there 's a new law that 'll go into effect next Spring . The parliament approved it by a wide margin in July . The French Senate passed it yesterday 246-1 , with 100 politicians choosing not to vote . The French people are in favor of the new law by four to one . What is this ? It 's a ban . On burqas . That 's what you see here , those full body coverings that some Muslim women wear . Actually , this new law bans any veil that covers your face . The lawmakers say those veils , including the burqas , deny equality . A French council that offers advice on laws says this ban might be unconstitutional . Is This Legit ? APRIL WILLIAMS , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Is this legit ? Hispanic Heritage Month starts on the first of October . Not legit ! It actually starts on September 15 and runs through October 15 . Hispanic Heritage Month AZUZ : Now , you might be wondering why Hispanic Heritage Month starts in the middle of a month . It 's because the celebration started out as Hispanic Heritage Week . It was established by former President Lyndon Johnson in 1968 . The week always included September 15th , because seven Latin American countries celebrate their independence around that time : Costa Rica , El Salvador , Guatemala , Honduras , Nicaragua , Mexico and Chile . In 1988 , the week was expanded into Hispanic Heritage Month , starting on September 15th and ending on October 15th . It 's a time to celebrate the culture and traditions of Americans from Spanish-speaking countries and to honor their contributions to American society . Free Teacher Materials AZUZ : Our Constitution turns 223 years old on Friday , but it still applies to our lives . And our Constitution Day Learning Activity challenges students to find examples of how . The activity is free , and it 's up in the Spotlight section of our website . Go check it out . You know where to find it ; it 's your favorite address on the web : CNNStudentNews.com . Aliens of the Deep AZUZ : We 're gon na talk about science fiction for a minute now . Star Wars , Star Trek , Avatar : All these are about life on other planets . Well , scientists say they 've discovered new species right here on Earth . These things are out in the ocean , down in deep areas that , until now , had never been explored . Claire Nouvian is a conservationist . She talks about what 's been found down in the deep . BEGIN VIDEO CLAIRE NOUVIAN , CONSERVATIONIST AND AUTHOR OF "  THE DEEP " : The inspiration behind the book "  The Deep " that I wrote is really clear , because it happened one day , and that was when I visited the Monterey Bay Aquarium in California which , to my standards , is the most beautiful aquarium in the world . My life just completely changed afterwards . I flew back and all I could see were images of these creatures in my mind , and I just wanted to go home and tell everyone , tell the whole world ! I felt like we had been looking for alien life on other planets for so long , and I felt we were wrong . Alien life is exactly here . It 's on this planet . It 's just in the deep ocean . So , I felt I needed to share my excitement and wonder . I must say I 've got a soft point for invertebrates . So , animals without a back bone . You know , deep sea fin octopus , those that we call dumbo octopuses . And they are pink or orangey , and they 've got big fins , but they look like big ears , so that 's why we call them dumbos . So , when you go down with the submersible , you go down through the water column . And if you turn your lights off , you disturb all these animals , right , and so they all emit light . So , you look through the portal and it 's much better than watching the sky , because there 's so much going on . It 's not static at all . Some light is just very , very instantaneous , sort of clicks or flashes . And others is continuous , sort of strings of light that disappear in the distance . It 's just spectacular , spectacular . END VIDEO Before We Go AZUZ : Spectacular indeed . Before we go , a tale of another interesting creature . This one is a baby squirrel . Kinda cute . The only thing that could make this any cuter is if it were next to a kitten . Perfect . We did not set this up . The two are siblings , sort of . The kitten 's mom adopted the squirrel when it fell out of its nest . Now , it 's being raised like a cat ! The squirrel seems happy to go along . It 's even started purring . Goodbye AZUZ : Not getting at all squirrelly about the idea of having a cat family . In fact , they sound like a purrfect family . And that will be all the time we have for meow . Hope you have a great day . For CNN Student News , I 'm Carl Azuz .	Hear what President Obama said in his speech to students Find out how the Coriolis Effect impacts hurricane winds Journey into the ocean to learn about newly-discovered species Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
New York  CNN  -- A couple accused of kidnapping their eight children from foster care in New York last week have been apprehended . Shanel Nadal and the biological father of the children were taken into custody in Harrisburg , Pennsylvania , on Monday evening , police said . The pair awaits extradition to New York . Harrisburg police would not release any information on the whereabouts of the children or their conditions . Nadal , 28 , fled with her seven sons and one daughter from a Queens facility after an authorized visit on September 19 , police said . The abducted boys are all named after their biological father , Nephra Payne , 34 . They are Nephra Payne , 11 ; Nephra Ceo Payne , 10 ; Nephra John Payne , 9 ; Nephra Shalee Payne , 6 ; Nephra Rahsul Payne , 6 ; Nephra Umeek Payne , 5 ; and Nephra Yahmen Payne , 4 . The lone girl was identified as Nefertiti Payne , 11 months . A statement from the New York City 's Administration for Children 's Services at the time made no mention of how Nadal escaped or why the children had been placed in foster care . CNN 's Samuel Gardner III , Jason Kessler and Dominique Dodley contributed to this report .	Police : Shanel Nadal , 28 , flees with her seven sons and one daughter The abducted boys are all named after their biological father
CNN  -- Maria Sharapova 's parents fled their home to escape the fallout from the Chernobyl explosion before she was born . Fast-forward 25 years , and Japan 's battle to prevent a possible nuclear meltdown following last week 's earthquake and subsequent tsunami has brought into focus the Russian tennis star 's work to raise awareness about that earlier disaster . The 23-year-old was born in Siberia a year after the Chernobyl catastrophe , considered the worst nuclear accident in history , as her parents left Belarus to avoid any possible exposure to the spreading radiation . In 2007 , the year after she won her second grand slam title at the U.S. Open , Sharapova became a United Nations Development Program goodwill ambassador , making a personal $ 100,000 donation to its causes in affected areas . ` Heroes ' battle to keep nuclear plant under control This January , she contributed another $ 250,000 to expand initiatives helping children in the region have access to sporting activities . The problems Japan now faces have raised the specter of another such far-reaching disaster . "  In terms of what 's going on over there , it 's crazy and something that you ca n't even prepare for , " Sharapova -- wearing a T-shirt marking the 25th anniversary of the Chernobyl explosion -- told reporters in Indian Wells in the United States , where she is competing . "  It happens , and you see the coverage on it and the videos , and it 's really incredible that something like that can even happen in the world . It opens your eyes , and obviously puts a lot of perspective in your life . "  It 's a country where I have very great memories from . I started playing there when I was very young , and I always loved my experiences there . So to see it going on there , to its culture and the people , it 's really sad . " Sharapova , who moved to the U.S. at the age of nine and is now based in Florida , said she wants to highlight the widespread , long-lasting effects that a nuclear accident can create . "  In the beginning my job was raising awareness to the world , basically getting the message across that even though something like that happened such a long time ago , it still causes many people  problems  on a daily basis , " she said . "  Kids that were born and now are having kids , you also find that they have something in their body that 's not allowing them to live a normal life from the pollution . "  I have never actually been around the area ... I wanted to get all the coverage and all the videos around it , because it 's really unbelievable what you see . This big huge area -- it 's completely deserted . No-one is around it . "  Everyone has completely fled . They took their passports and that 's all . That was their only belonging that they really wanted . "	Tennis star Maria Sharapova reflects on potential nuclear meltdown in Japan Russian works with U.N. charity trying to help survivors of Chernobyl explosion Her parents fled Belarus before she was born to escape spreading radiation Sharapova says she is saddened by effects of earthquake and tsunami in Japan
CNN  -- Beyond the noise of raucous crowds and angry protesters who have turned town hall meetings into shouting matches is genuine concern from ordinary citizens who are afraid that President Obama 's health care proposals would only make things harder for them , experts say . The battle over health care reform has energized people on both sides of the debate . "  The reason that we see these protests and people asking tough questions at town hall meetings is because they feel like the president is going to take something away from them . That motivates people . That gets them out , " said Michael Cannon , director of health policy studies at the Cato Institute , a libertarian think tank . Those fears were heard Tuesday at Democratic Sen. Arlen Specter 's town hall meeting in Lebanon , Pennsylvania . "  This is going to take away my freedom , " charged one man who wanted assurance from Specter that the private option for health insurance would stay viable . Specter repeated Obama 's pledge , telling the crowd , "  If you like your policy , you can keep it . " Acknowledging the skepticism at a town hall meeting Tuesday , Obama tried to alleviate fears that reform would take something away . "  I recognize there 's an underlying fear here that people somehow wo n't get the care they need . You will have not only the care you need , but also the care that right now is being denied to you , only if we get health care reform . That 's what we 're fighting for , " he said at the Portsmouth , New Hampshire , event . Since his days on the campaign trail , Obama has promised the public that those who like their health insurance plans wo n't have to give them up , but he 's stopped short of saying at what cost . "  I think that 's the fear , " said Diana Owen , an associate professor of political science and the director of American studies at Georgetown University . "  Even though they are going to keep the plan , the plan is going to be at a much greater cost . And he 's not been able to really allay that fear . " Watch what happened at Specter 's town hall meeting " The themes coming up at town hall meetings across the country are broadly the same as doubts expressed during the campaign . Critics are voicing fears about socialism and the dismantling of the government they are used to . And those who have sufficient health care coverage worry they 'll have to foot the bill for reform , echoing concerns heard during the presidential campaign that Obama would "  spread the wealth around . " "  That was one of the campaign critiques of Obama that seemed to work well , that seemed to resonate well , " Owen said . "  I really do think that it was an issue , and I think the opponents of the health care plan , by bringing that back up again ... I think that it could be an effective obstacle to what he 's trying to accomplish . " Obama originally asked Congress to send him a health care bill before the August recess , but neither chamber met the deadline . As lawmakers spend the break in their home districts , they 've been met with sometimes fierce opposition to Obama 's proposals . "  It 's not anti-reform -- it 's anti-bad reform , " Cannon said . "  I think the public is reacting to what 's in the legislation . And I think that 's why the president wanted the House and the Senate to pass their versions before the August recess , because the president knew that the public would object to a lot of what is in these bills . " The White House , however , said that Obama "  asked Congress to move quickly because we ca n't wait any longer to begin fixing what 's wrong with our system . " iReport.com : Are you attending a town hall ? Share photos , video Obama 's health care battle has been compared to former President Clinton 's failed effort more than 15 years ago , but lawmakers did n't experience the same backlash during the Clinton years . Part of the reason was because of the calendar , CNN Senior Political Analyst Bill Schneider said . Clinton proposed his plan in September 1993 , and by the time Congress went on recess in August 1994 , the plan was dead . People also did n't use the Internet the way they use it today , "  so you did n't have the viral communications that rally people to attend town halls , " Schneider noted . Today 's hypersaturated media , where rumor is picked up as fact and disseminated to millions via blogs and discussion boards , has contributed to the misinformation being lobbed at lawmakers , Owen said . Coming out of one of her town hall meetings Monday , Sen. Claire McCaskill , D-Missouri , said that "  people are just getting information that 's flat wrong . " But as unfounded as some of the claims may be , such as charges that Obama will set up death panels to decide who will live or die , the emotional appeals resonate with the public . "  I do n't think that this is debate that is going to go away , " Owen said , noting that given the outpouring seen at the town hall meetings , Congress ca n't just pick up where it left off when it returns from break . "  I think the public is going to remain engaged and energized . " Cannon said the debate has "  stunted the president 's momentum " and will make it harder for his administration to get through the types of reforms they were hoping for . Cannon predicted that Obama 's plan will fail , but advocates "  are going to try more incremental reforms to improve the health care sector . " The same thing happened after the Clinton plan failed . Congress passed less sweeping reform like the State Children 's Health Insurance Program  SCHIP  and the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act  HIPAA  . iReport.com : Share views on health care reform Owen said the response to his proposals has likely been "  a stark awakening to -LSB- Obama -RSB- about maybe on this particular issue , he 's going to need a new tactic . " "  When Congress comes back they 'll have to kind of rethink the plan and rethink particularly how they present it to the public . and that means the Obama administration as well , " she said .	People fear they 'll have something taken away from them , Michael Cannon says Obama promises those with coverage they like can keep it Concerns coming up at town hall meetings echo sentiments from the campaign Congress will have to "  rethink the plan " after recess , Diana Owen says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- CIA interrogators used waterboarding at least 266 times on two top al Qaeda suspects , according to a Bush-era Justice Department memo released by the Obama administration . Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , seen in a December sketch , was waterboarded 183 times in a month , a memo says . The controversial technique that simulates drowning -- and which President Obama calls torture -- was used at least 83 times in August 2002 on suspected al Qaeda leader Abu Zubaydah , according to the memo . Interrogators also waterboarded Khalid Sheikh Mohammed 183 times in March 2003 . Mohammed is believed to be the mastermind behind the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks on the United States . Obama released the memo Thursday , saying that "  exceptional circumstances surround these memos and require their release . " Watch other tactics outlined in memos " The memo , dated May 30 , 2005 , was from then-Deputy Assistant Attorney General Steven G. Bradbury to John Rizzo , who was acting general counsel for the CIA . It paints a different picture from the one described by former CIA officer John Kiriakou . In a December 2007 interview with CNN , Kiriakou said Zubaydah had been waterboarded for "  about 30 seconds , 35 seconds " and agreed to cooperate with interrogators the following day . In an interview on "  Fox News Sunday , " Michael Hayden , who directed the CIA from 2006 to 2009 , was asked about the number of times Mohammed was waterboarded . Hayden denounced the release of the memos and did not comment on the number , saying it was his understanding that the frequency of waterboarding was among the operational details that had not been declassified . Watch one expert say tactics ` worse than Abu Ghraib ' " The 2005 memo refers to a letter that had contained the numbers as well . Part of the reference to the letter was redacted in the released memo . Waterboarding is among the interrogation tactics that Obama has prohibited through an executive order . The CIA also has admitted waterboarding Abd al-Rahim al-Nashiri , the first person charged in the United States for the 2000 attack on the USS Cole in Yemen that killed 17 U.S. sailors . Obama said last week he felt comfortable releasing the classified memos because the Bush administration acknowledged using some of the practices associated with the memos , and the interrogation techniques were widely reported and have since been banned . "  Withholding these memos would only serve to deny facts that have been in the public domain for some time , " Obama said in a statement . "  This could contribute to an inaccurate accounting of the past , and fuel erroneous and inflammatory assumptions about actions taken by the United States . " The president applauded the work of the U.S. intelligence community and said no one who "  carried out their duties relying in good faith upon legal advice from the Department of Justice " would be prosecuted .	Memo : Khalid Sheikh Mohammed waterboarded 183 times in one month Former CIA officer said in 2007 that Mohammed waterboarded for 30-35 seconds Obama : Memos released because methods were reported , are now banned CIA 's ex-chief denounces decision to release memos
The Frisky  -- So what did you do this weekend ? Chances are , nothing as cool as the folks who traveled to Astoria , Oregon , to commemorate 25 years of "  The Goonies " at the Never Say Die Anniversary Celebration . A quarter century ago , to the day , on June 7th , "  The Goonies " opened in movie theaters across the country . And while it came in behind "  Rambo II , " released on the same opening weekend , the tale of a group of teens who embark on a treasure hunt to raise the money to save their homes -- all while being chased by a crazed crime family -- went on to become a cult classic . To celebrate the movie , fans at the festival ran a 5K race called the "  Truffle Shuffle . " They chatted with cast members -- including Sean Astin and director Richard Donner -- at a dinner where the main dish was Fratelli meatballs . And they were treated to a "  Goonies " - themed concert starring none other than Truth Movement , the band of "  Goonie " actor Corey Feldman . The Frisky : Madonna 's 13-year-old daughter becomes a fashion model Wish you had gone ? Me too . And here are 10 reasons why we still love "  The Goonies , " even after a quarter of a century : 1 . "  The Goonies " is a movie about outcasts .  Well , with the exception of cheerleader Andy who becomes an honorary member of the crew .  And you know how much we love nerd movies and TV shows . 2 . One word : Chunk . Played by Jeff Cohen , Chunk was hilarious as the flick 's comic relief . When the Fratellis demand that he tell them everything , he begins one of the best monologues in 80s movie history . "  In third grade , I cheated on my history exam . In fourth grade , I stole my uncle Max 's toupee and I glued it on my face when I was Moses in my Hebrew School play . In fifth grade , I knocked my sister Edie down the stairs and blamed it on the dog . " You 'll be happy to know that Jeff is no longer chunky and is now a hot , well-renowned entertainment lawyer in Beverly Hills . The Frisky : 6 celeb couples tell where they went on their first date 3 . "  The Goonies " was the brainchild of Steven Spielberg . It was conceived during what I like to think of as his golden era -- nestled in between "  E.T. " and "  Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom . " 4 . It 's hard to believe but true -- Corey Haim and Corey Feldman first met because of "  The Goonies . " "  It was in the waiting room -- we were auditioning for the same role , " says Corey Feldman , who got the part of Mouth in the flick . Though Corey Haim was frozen out of this one , they 'd become one of the iconic duos of the 80s . The Frisky : A "  Real Housewife of NJ " is $ 11 million in debt -- how ? 5 . "  The Goonies " had an awesome soundtrack , with tracks from 80s greats like The Bangles and REO Speedwagon . But the classic track of the movie was Cyndi Lauper 's "  Good Enough " -- the 12-minute , two-part video starred not only the cast but 80s wrestling favorites like Andre the Giant . 6 . We know Josh Brolin as the hottie from "  No Country For Old Men " and the tragic bad guy in "  Milk . " But his first role ? Brandon "  Brand " Walsh -- the Goonie who 's able to win the heart of cool girl Andy . The Frisky : The MTV Movie Awards was one big shillfest 7 . I saw "  The Goonies " in the movie theater , and will never forget the scene where the group makes it through the maze of caverns and puzzles and ends in the cave where they first see One-Eyed Willie 's ship . It was breathtaking . Apparently , for the stars of the movie , too . Director Richard Donner did n't let them see the fully re-created ship because he wanted the authentic emotion of awe on film . And he got it . 8 . "  The Goonies " had a good message -- mainly that kids could take action and make real change in their community . Sure , they most likely would n't do it by finding a buried treasure from the 17th century , but still . The Frisky : The 10 lamest celebrity publicity stunts 9 . Oh , and I almost forgot about Data . How do you not love a pre-teen who creates his own inventions like the "  Wings of Flight , " the "  Pincers of Peril , " and the "  Bully Blinder " ? I always wanted him and MacGyver to have a showdown . 10 . "  The Goonies " was thrilling the first time you saw it . But thanks to TBS playing it , oh , every weekend , we 've gotten to see it 90,000 times and get all the nuances . While rumors have circulated for years that "  Goonies 2 " is in the works , it just does n't look like it 's going to happen . Luckily , though , Donner is currently working on a Broadway version of the story . TM & © 2010 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	"  The Goonies " is a movie about outcasts The film was the brainchild of Steven Spielberg Corey Haim and Corey Feldman first met because of "  The Goonies "
For any professional woman , finding the right balance between work and family is never any easy task . And when your office job is racing Formula One cars for a living , the leap between the daily grind and bouncing baby feels even wider . It 's a juggling act Maria de Villota will one day tackle -- she 's just got a few things to do on the track first . De Villota became the first female driver in Formula One in 20 years after joining Russian team Marussia in March in a testing role . She now works alongside Marussia 's newly-formed lineup of German veteran Timo Glock and French rookie Charles Pic , and plans to get behind the wheel during the 2012 season . The 32-year-old Spaniard admitted it 's been a hard slog to get there -- and she 's not going to give it up for a baby anytime soon . "  My family is huge and we are all the time together . Of course I would like to have the same thing for me . If you have a baby , I do n't know how my body , my mind , is going to react , " she told CNN . "  If one day I do make that decision I 'll make sure that all my racing goals are achieved . I need to make sure of what I 'm thinking -- which is being competitive and not about a little kid waiting at home for me . " But de Villota is proof that kids and the track can mix , having grown up the daughter of former F1 driver Emilio de Villota . "  He was a driver in the late '70s , early '80s and I used to go to see him race . I remember the moment when he would tell me , ` Please hold my helmet . ' It was really good having that chance being beside him , " she said . "  I think he did n't want me to be a racing driver but in the end I just wanted to be like him . " Considering her racing family , it 's no surprise De Villota took to the track at an early age -- an experience that gave her a taste of her dream job . "  My racing career started in Madrid , where I was born , in a go-kart track , " she said . "  I remember it was Christmas time and my brother had a go-kart and I had my first drive that day . I was around five and I just went all the way into the front . "  He was crying and saying , ` You 're crazy , I 'm not going to share with you anymore . ' " De Villota is the first woman to be part of the elite motorsport since Italy 's Giovanni Amati entered three grands prix for Brabham in 1992 , but failed to qualify for a race . Just weeks after De Villota signed with Marussia , 29-year-old Briton Susie Wolff joined Williams as a test driver . Wolff is just the seventh female F1 driver in the 60-year history of the sport and her recruitment , along with De Villota , was seen as an important step forward in the gender divide . It has n't been an easy ride , though . "  Being a woman did n't stop me . I realized I could do it and I could do it good , " De Villota said . "  Endurance has been tough because we 're not as strong as men . I had to work really hard in order to make sure I could be strong enough to be driving Formula One . "	Female F1 test driver Maria de Villota admits she 'd like a family one day As a youngster the Spaniard joined racing father Emilio on the track Her first taste of racing was as a five-year-old beating her brother go-karting She admits she has had to work hard to compete with men
New York  CNN  -- Mayor Michael Bloomberg , known in New York City for his tough regulations on everything from large sodas to smoking in Central Park , proposed a new target during his final State of the City speech Thursday : plastic foam containers . "  Styrofoam increases the cost of recycling by as much as $ 20 per ton because it has to be removed , " the mayor said . "  Something we know is environmentally destructive , that is costing taxpayers money , and that is easily replaceable , I think , is something we can do without . " Specifically , the ban will target certain polystyrene foam products , not necessarily Styrofoam , a trademarked product of Dow Chemical Co. used in foam insulation and construction products . "  With Speaker  Christine  Quinn and the City Council , we 'll work to adopt a law banning Styrofoam food packaging from our stores and restaurants , " Bloomberg added . "  And do n't worry , the doggy bag and the coffee cup will survive just fine . " It was not immediately clear how the majority of businesses that use polystyrene foam products would react to a ban . One early response from the Dunkin' Donuts chain was not positive . Instead of an outright ban , it said in a written statement , the company has "  reviewed or tested nearly every type of single-use hot cup on the market , but a viable alternative does not yet exist . This is a process , and we will continue to test and try new things until we find a cup that keeps drinks hot , hands cool and is better for the planet . "  A polystyrene ban will not eliminate waste or increase recycling ; it will simply replace one type of trash with another , " it said . Until a solution is found , Dunkin' Donuts has cut the weight of its foam and plastic cups and "  offered our franchisees a reusable mug program . " Plastic foam product limitations have already been ordered in several other cities , including Seattle , Washington , and Brookline , Massachusetts . Throughout his tenure , Bloomberg has garnered a reputation for bold and sometimes controversial initiatives . Despite public outcry , he pushed to regulate trans fat in food preparation in 2007 , signed into law a ban on smoking in most public spaces in 2011 , and last March prohibited sugary drinks in containers larger than 16 ounces in certain venues . The mayor has also advocated for , and sometimes financially supported , same-sex marriage , gun control , and several new public health proposals . "  Now we are working on obesity and hopefully the courts wo n't stop us , " Bloomberg said of his health policy efforts during a January press conference . "  These small public health things that we do really make a difference in people 's lives . "	Mayor Michael Bloomberg wants to ban the use of plastic foam containers Mayor : "  Do n't worry , the doggy bag and the coffee cup will survive just fine " It is one of many health or environmental initiatives Bloomberg has pursued
Beijing  CNN  China 's 1.3 billion citizens may soon find it much harder to belt out their national anthem at will . A series of rules proposed by the government will set strict limits on when , where and how "  March of the Volunteers " -- the anthem of the People 's Republic since 1949 -- can be performed , state-run Xinhua news agency reported Friday . The anthem is not allowed to be played or sung at private weddings and funerals , dancing parties , commercial events , or any other setting with "  an inappropriate atmosphere . " When singing the anthem , people should dress appropriately , stand still and be full of energy , according to the government . Follow the rhythm The rules then get technical : People must sing the powerful marching song in its entirety , enunciate every word and follow the rhythm . No one is permitted to start or stop singing midway -- and altering the melody , lyrics or musical arrangement is forbidden . No whispering , applauding or talking on the phone , either , while the anthem is played . There is no official word , yet , on how violators would be punished . While some of those rules sound reasonable , others may be overly harsh , especially to Americans who are used to hearing adaptations of "  The Star-Spangled Banner " as varied as Jimi Hendrix 's instrumental rock version at the Woodstock music festival , to Whitney Houston 's soulful rendition before the Super Bowl . Creative alternatives Despite the government effort , Chinese people still seem to appreciate creative interpretations of their normally standardized national anthem . At an airport ceremony welcoming the visiting Chinese President Xi Jinping this past summer , a Venezuelan military band -- led by trumpeters going either artistic or astray -- played a refreshingly different "  March of the Volunteers " with a new tune , an extra section and a bit of jazz flair . While the leaders appeared unfazed on the tarmac , video of the Venezuelan performance quickly went viral across Chinese cyberspace . Upon learning the new anthem decree , most Chinese Internet users seem to be taking it in stride . One widely re-posted comment deadpans : "  At least banning the national anthem at funerals makes sense , as the first verse ` Arise ! All those who refuse to be slaves ! ' would be so inappropriate . Singing that line to an open casket would just be creepy ! "	Anthem not allowed to be played or sung in settings with "  an inappropriate atmosphere " People must sing "  March of the Volunteers " in its entirety There is no official word , yet , on how violators would be punished
With combat operations in Afghanistan ending this year , President Barack Obama announced he plans for almost 10,000 American troops to remain in the country in 2015 if the Afghan government signs a security agreement . "  We will bring America 's longest war to a responsible end , " Obama said in the White House Rose Garden in detailing the strategy to have virtually all U.S. forces out of Afghanistan by the end of 2016 -- shortly before his presidency ends . The announcement offered something to proponents and opponents of a continued U.S. military engagement there after more than 12 years of war -- the longest in American history . Obama called for 9,800 U.S. troops to stay in Afghanistan after the end of 2014 , along with some allied forces . The number would get cut roughly in half by the end of 2015 , and a year later -- less than a month before Obama leaves the White House -- the U.S. military presence would scale down to what officials described as a "  normal " embassy security contingent . A senior administration official told CNN that after 2016 , the number of U.S. service members in Afghanistan providing embassy security and engaging in cooperative security efforts with the host government and military would likely number about 1,000 . Currently , the United States has 32,000 troops there . Maintaining any forces beyond the end of 2014 -- when Washington and its NATO allies will formally halt combat operations -- depends on Afghanistan signing the security agreement rejected by outgoing President Hamid Karzai , Obama said Tuesday . Two candidates facing each other in next month 's run-off election to choose Karzai 's successor have indicated they will sign the security pact , Obama said . "  It 's time to turn the page on more than a decade in which so much of our foreign policy was focused on the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq , " he declared . Three conservative Republicans who generally oppose any reduction in the U.S. military 's global posture criticized Obama 's announcement as "  a monumental mistake and a triumph of politics over strategy . " "  The President came into office wanting to end the wars he inherited . But wars do not end just because politicians say so , " said a statement by Sens. John McCain of Arizona , Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire and Lindsey Graham of South Carolina . Obama , however , said Americans have learned it was harder to end a war than to start one , adding that "  we have to recognize Afghanistan will not be a perfect place , and it is not America 's responsibility to make it one . " The role of U.S. troops in Afghanistan after this year will be aimed at "  disrupting threats caused by al Qaeda , supporting Afghan security forces and giving the Afghan people the opportunity to succeed as they stand on their own , " he said . Tony Blinken , Obama 's deputy national security adviser , told CNN that the United States will spend about $ 20 billion on the continued military presence in Afghanistan after 2014 . Asked if such a cost was worth it , Blinken replied : "  We want to complete the job that we started . " At the same time , he said "  we ca n't be in an endless war posture . " In a call with journalists before Obama 's announcement , senior administration officials said the intention was to show continued international support for Afghanistan as it transitions to its new elected government . The successful first round of voting showed Afghanistan forces now were capable of providing security , the officials said . The United States had as many as 100,000 forces in Afghanistan at one point . In all , more than 2,300 American troops have been killed in that war , launched in the weeks after the September 11 , 2001 , al Qaeda terror attacks on the United States . Obama 's announcement came the day before he delivers a foreign policy speech at the U.S. Military Academy at West Point , New York . On Tuesday , he indicated the shift in resources permitted by ending the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan would allow increase counter-terrorism assets in Africa and elsewhere . Until now , Obama 's administration has been reluctant to assign a number to American troop strength in Afghanistan once the combat mission ends . House Republican leaders reacted to Obama 's announcement with encouragement for a continuing mission , but skepticism over the rigid time line . "  I 'm pleased the White House met the military 's request for forces in Afghanistan . However , holding this mission to an arbitrary egg-timer does n't make a lick of sense strategically , " said Rep. Howard "  Buck " McKeon , the California Republican who chairs the House Armed Services Committee . House Speaker John Boehner , who has pushed for reaching a bilateral security agreement with Afghanistan to keep U.S. troops there , said he welcomed the plans for a continuing mission . "  It has been my long-standing position that input from our commanders about the conditions on the ground should dictate troop decisions , and not an arbitrary number from Washington , " Boehner added in a statement . Boehner : Do n't repeat Iraq mistakes in Afghanistan	White House official : cost of extended Afghanistan deployment $ 20 billion President Obama announces planned troop numbers for Afghanistan Republican leaders criticize what they call a fixed timetable There are roughly 32,000 American forces in Afghanistan now
This week , New York 's Mayor Michael Bloomberg tweeted his intent to learn computer code by the end of the year . He joined about 300,000 other people who have signed up at CodeYear to receive free interactive programming lessons each week from the Codecademy , a web-based tutorial . I am greatly relieved . It 's time Americans begin treating computer code the way we do the alphabet or arithmetic . Code is the stuff that makes computer programs work -- the list of commands that tells a word processor , a website , a video game , or an airplane navigation system what to do . That 's all software is : lines of code , written by people . We are socializing , working , consuming , and living in a world increasingly defined by programs . Learning to code is the best way to understand what all those programs do , or even to recognize that they are there in the first place . Just a couple of years ago , I was getting blank stares or worse when I would suggest to colleagues and audiences that they learn code , or else . "  Program or be programmed , " became my mantra : If you are not a true user of digital technology , then you are likely being used by digital technology . My suggestion that people learn to program was meant more as a starting point in a bigger argument . No , I did not expect American adults to take the two or three weeks required to get their heads around programming , much less the months of effort they 'd need to become proficient . But I wanted people to at least become aware of the digital systems on which we are conducting so much of our activity -- and the sorts of thinking and behaviors those systems have been programmed to encourage . Class of 2011 scores higher-paying jobs Most adults realize that , say , Facebook is engineered to increase the value of our "  social graphs " to its customers , the corporations and research firms that buy this data . We understand that we 're not the customers , but the product . The more critically we engage with all of the iPhones and Google searches in our lives , the better we can tell what they want from us . But I no longer think that 's enough . It took a few centuries after the invention of text for regular people to learn how to read and write . The printing press , which democratized print by reducing the cost of manuscripts , certainly helped . Now that we live in a world with newspapers , road signs , package labels and drug inserts , almost no one still questions the idea that teaching kids to read is a good thing , or that basic literacy makes us more likely to create value for ourselves or our employers . Well , we now live in a world with apps , networks , and stock market trading algorithms that we use , even though desperately few of us understand how they work . And while learning to code may have once been an arduous or expensive process , the college dropouts who developed Codecademy have democratized coding as surely as Gutenberg democratized text . Anyone can go to Codecademy and start learning and creating code through their simple , fun , interactive window , for free . How can it be free ? Is this a charity ? No . It 's big business . As my friend , Jason Calacanis -- CEO of Mahalo and founder of the startup showcase LAUNCH conference -- explained it to me , "  The HR cost of landing an individual programmer might be $ 50-100k for a large company . That 's taking into account advertising , headhunter fees , interviewing time and internal staff . " Still , competition for the few programmers out there looking for work is very steep . So few Americans know how to program that firms like Google and Facebook are actually buying whole companies just for their code-literate employees , in what are known as "  talent acquisitions . " According to Calacanis , each employee who understands how to code is valued at about $ 500,000 to $ 1 million toward the total acquisition price . One million dollars just to get someone who learns code . Firms ' other strategy , of course , is to import Chinese and Indian programmers , through a costly and often only temporary visa .  That 's because , unlike those countries , we do n't teach programming to students in the United States . At best we teach kids how to use programs that are already on the shelves . But that 's another article . All Codecademy needs to do to make bank is connect those of us who complete its courses and are looking for work with the companies paying good money to find us . It 's a model that takes the cumbersome costs of education off the students , and puts them onto the companies benefiting from the skills we have learned . And it 's a model that could be applied to many other fields . So to anyone out there who says you ca n't get a job : You can have one . A fun one . Learning code is not about numbers and mathematics . It 's more like architecture , where you are presented with a puzzle problem such as "  How do we get all these cars from this highway to that one without having to build a bridge across this river or putting an overpass next to the hospital ? " Learning to code means being able to imagine a new way of using the camera in your iPhone , or a new way for people to connect to each other , and then being able to bring that vision to reality . If you know how to code , you can get a high-paying job right now , or make valuable stuff right now . You will understand more about how the world works , and become a participating member in the digital society unfolding before us . You will be enabling America to compete effectively on both the economic and military frontiers , where we are rapidly losing our competitive advantage due to our failure to teach ourselves code . We should not have to wait for the NYSE to be hacked by kids from Asia to learn this lesson . Join CNN Opinion on Facebook and follow updates on Twitter .	Douglas Rushkoff : Americans should be learning computer code the way we learn math Learning to code teaches us what programs do , how they 're used on us , he says A free Web-based interactive tutorial makes it possible Rushkoff : Programmers in demand ; employers hire code-savvy workers from abroad
CNN  -- New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie made headlines when he backed away from his opposition to same-sex marriage in New Jersey . Although he had initially indicated that he would challenge the recent court decision , Christie reversed course and announced that he would follow the law of his state . Most pundits agreed that Christie 's decision would enable him to expand his margin of victory in the upcoming gubernatorial election and improve his chances of emerging as the leading Republican presidential candidate for 2016 . Yet some commentators think this might cause objections to a Christie candidacy in the Republican primaries from social conservatives who remain firmly against same-sex marriage . In their view , Christie is an outlier , a Republican courting centrist voters who is going against the grain of the party . "  This would suit him a lot better if he were running as a Democrat , " one Republican told The National Review . But there is a strong likelihood that within a few years , Christie might not be as much of an anomaly as they think . The progress on same-sex marriage has been rapid . While the Defense of Marriage Act defined marriage as only being between a man and woman , many states moved forward in allowing same-sex couples to enter into marriage or civil unions . Prodded by Vice President Joe Biden , President Obama said in May 2012 that he supported the right of same-sex partners to enter into marriage . In June this year , the Supreme Court ruled that DOMA was unconstitutional and that fsame - sex couples had the right to federal benefits that were normally accorded to heterosexual married couples . One of the most important reasons behind the success of this movement has been the decision to join the gay rights cause to a traditional family values issue promoted by the right : marriage . In recent decades , the gay rights movement has turned its attention away from issues of individual sexuality and liberation , and toward the right to marry . The civil right to enter into a partnership that conservatives have extolled for decades has been extremely important politically . In the early 1960s , civil rights leaders like the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. won enormous support by connecting the cause of African-American freedom to traditional American values . In August 1963 , during the famous March on Washington , King and others delivered their powerful speeches in front of the Lincoln Memorial , a reminder of how desegregationâ $ " and then voting rightsâ $ " were a fulfillment of the American promise rather than a rejection of traditional values . Unlike abortion after the Supreme Court 's Roe v. Wade decision in 1973 , there is much stronger potential for same-sex marriage to become incorporated into the national landscape and removed from mainstream political debate . As the courts and states have moved forward at a rapid pace on this issue , the rest of the nation has not been far behind . Public polls have shown growing support for same-sex marriage throughout the country , including in "  red areas " of the country . Last March , a poll by ABC News and the Washington Post found that 52 % of Republicans and independents who lean Republican under the age of 50 supported same-sex marriage and 81 % of people under 30 were in favor . Those trends have only intensified in recent months . We have also seen more frequent images of same-sex marriage in popular culture . In one of the most popular comedy shows of the past few years , "  Modern Family , " one of the three families that is followed in this pseudo-documentary is a gay couple raising an adopted child . While their sexuality is part of the story , it is remarkable how most of the shows do n't center on this issue but instead on the normal ups and downs of family life . This season , the show began with these two characters , Mitch and Cam , becoming engaged in the wake of California 's decision to allow same-sex marriage . A growing number of Republicans have already backed away from their opposition to same-sex marriage . Christie is just one of those who have changed the tone of the party on this cultural question -- a group that includes Sens. Lisa Murkowski and Robert Portman and former Vice President Dick Cheney -- in an era when polarization has become stronger on almost every other issue . As Mitt Romney adviser David Kochel said , "  Opposing the freedom to marry is a loser for our party and serves to drive away a growing number of voters who have turned the page . " So , even though Christie is taking a risk through his recent announcement , the odds are that many other Republicans wo n't be far behind . The gay rights movement has profoundly shifted the debate and advanced the cause of gay rights far beyond what anyone had imagined just a few years ago . By taking one of the most familiar and central conservative arguments of our era , marriage , and embracing it as one of their own , the movement has gained legitimacy for the right of gay Americans to build their own families . There will be huge pressure on Republicans in the coming years to get on the right side of this issue and movement activists have made it easier for leaders in the GOP to come around to their side . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Chris Christie chose not to appeal decision allowing same-sex marriage in New Jersey Julian Zelizer : Gay rights movement was wise to focus on marriage issue By marrying their cause to family values , they won over some in GOP , he says Zelizer : Same-sex marriage is unlikely to be source of continuing conflict
CNN  -- A federal judge ruled Friday it is unconstitutional to force abortion clinics to become surgical centers in the state of Texas , effectively throwing out a key component of an anti-abortion law that would have forced the closure of a number of facilities . In making the ruling , U.S. District Court Judge Lee Yeakel wrote that forcing the clinics to meet the same standards as hospital-level surgical centers "  imposes an undue burden on the right of women throughout Texas to seek a previability abortion . " That part of the Texas law was scheduled to take effect on Monday ; critics of the law say it would have required the closing of a majority of 19 abortion clinics . The Texas Department of State Health Services and the Texas Medical Board filed a notice of appeal . The controversial law , which was signed by Gov. Rick Perry last year , is considered one of the most restrictive in the country . The Center for Reproductive Rights brought the lawsuit on behalf of some of the clinics , and it called the federal judge 's ruling a victory . "  The court has made clear that women 's well-being is not advanced by laws attacking access to essential health care , and that rights protected by the U.S. Constitution may not be denied through laws that make them impossible to exercise , " said Nancy Northrup , president and chief executive officer of the Center for Reproductive Rights . "  Texas women still face serious threats to their rights , health , and ability to obtain safe , high-quality reproductive health care from reputable doctors in their communities . But at least for the moment , today 's victory is vital in preventing politicians ' scorched-earth assaults on women 's health care from causing even more harm than they already have . " The state law also banned abortions past 20 weeks of gestation , tightened usage guidelines for the drug RU486 , and it requires doctors who perform abortions to have admitting privileges at a hospital within 30 miles of the clinic at which they 're providing such services . Last year , Yeakel overturned the requirement that doctors have admitting privileges , but a federal appeals court reversed the decision . The 20-week ban provision took effect last year , while enforcement of the remainder of the law is slated to take effect in September . CNN 's AnneClaire Stapleton contributed to this report .	The law required abortion clinics to become hospital-level surgical centers A federal judge rules that requirement "  imposes an undue burden " on women Lawsuit was brought by the Center for Reproductive Rights on behalf of clinics State officials file a notice to appeal the judge 's ruling
Whenever Alex Rodriguez -- or his DMs  designated mouthpieces  -- discuss the evil ways of his haters these days , it sounds believable . To hear the DMs for the man they call "  A-Rod " tell it , Rodriguez 's bosses on the New York Yankees are out to get him , and the same goes for the entire establishment of Major League Baseball . I mean , Team A-Rod would swear on a stack of trading cards that the world is forcing this guy to struggle up a hill with a cross made of old Louisville Sluggers . Poor thing . I 'm not buying any of this , by the way , and neither should you . It does n't matter that the tongues for those on Team A-Rod are as smooth as Rodriguez 's hitting once was while he was evolving into the most prolific slugger of his time , before a five-year slide to ordinary or less . Denial , denial , denial . Not about Rodriguez 's likely use of performance-enhancing drugs within the last few years  he has admitted that he used them when he played for the Texas Rangers from 2001-2003  . Team A-Rod has moved around that subject on its tippy toes . They mostly issue denials that Rodriguez is n't into misleading baseball officials , the Yankees , his teammates , fans and even his absolutely pristine self about anything at any time . Just thinking ... Have n't we seen this middle part of a three-station cycle before from Ryan Braun , Lance Armstrong , Rafael Palmeiro , Marion Jones , Pete Rose , Mark McGwire and Michael Vick ? Yes , we have , and these figures are among those in the ever-expanding Liars Hall of Fame . For induction , you must ace the ability to move quickly from The Accusations to The Denial , and before you reach The Confession , you must challenge the world record of politicians for denying and denying some more . "  I did not bet on baseball . " "  I have never , ever used performance-enhancing drugs . "  Everybody wants to know what I am on . What am I on ? I 'm on my bike busting my  butt  six hours a day . What are you on ? " "  Let me start by telling you this : I have never used steroids , period . I do n't know how to say it any more clearly than that . Never . " "  This is all B.S. I am completely innocent . " "  I take these charges very seriously and look forward to clearing my good name . " If you 're keeping score , the authors of those previous whoppers were Rose , Jones , Armstrong , Palmeiro  as he wagged his finger at a U.S. congressman on Capitol Hill  , Braun and Vick . What 's up with this ? "  Athletes get hooked on notoriety and fame . I mean , when is the last time they had to buy a meal or a drink ? " said Patrick Devine , who spent years as a sports psychologist for the Atlanta Braves before returning to private practice . He also serves as a professor at Kennesaw State University in Georgia . Added Devine , "  They think everybody loves them , because there are so many people looking at them as their heroes . "  So , athletes start to think that , because of their great deeds and because of the championships they may have won , the public in the end is going to forgive them for whatever they decide to do . " Opinion : How A-Rod let us down That 's why , after The Accusations and The Denial , members of the Liars Hall of Fame do n't bother with The Confession until evidence surfaces to confirm their guilt beyond a shadow of a doubt . Then they throw themselves to the mercy of their fans , but only after they have slashed and burned a bunch of innocent folks along the way . As a result , this Rodriguez thing is about to get creepier , because it feels so much like everything I just wrote . There is Major League Baseball claiming Rodriguez joined 12 other players in purchasing and using performance-enhancing drugs from a clinic in south Florida called Biogenesis . According to reports , those same baseball officials say Rodriguez tried to hinder their investigation by lying and by encouraging others to do the same . There also are reports from CBS 's 60 Minutes that Rodriguez used some of his associates to squeal on other drug-using players in an attempt to cover his pinstripes . Rodriguez denies this . Which brings us to this : Follow the money . The New York Times reported this week that Rodriguez has retained at least six law firms and two public relations firms . Among other things , the paper said those A-Rod entities are trying to prove the Yankees and Major League Baseball are trying to take away as much of what remains of Rodriguez 's original $ 275 million contract as possible . Baseball officials had slapped Rodriguez with a 211-game suspension that would keep the 38-year-old third baseman out of the game until after the start of the 2015 season . He appealed the decision , and it will be months before the results are known . If the suspension is upheld , Rodriguez will lose approximately $ 34 million of his salary . Until then , when it 's raining , we 'll have Rodriguez telling us the sunshine is beating against his shades . "  It 's the same thing as somebody suffering from alcoholism . Denial , " Devine said . "  Now , in the case of some of the people we 're talking about , they just look at everything  PED use , conniving , lying  as simply , ` This is what I have to do to compete at the highest level , ' and in their mind -- morally and ethically -- it 's not wrong . It 's also like , ` If I do get caught , what 's going to happen to me ? ' I mean , we 're eventually going to put Pete Rose in the Hall of Fame , and that sort of thing allows athletes to go into this denial thing along the way to being so convincing . Opinion : Is doping at work and in class OK ? "  To them , it 's really like that old kid 's line you hear : If you start telling a lie long enough , you start to believe it . " Yeah , but the rest of us do n't have to believe it .	Terence Moore : As he faces suspension , A-Rod plays martyr besieged by forces out to get him He says do n't buy it . It 's denial common to fallen sports stars , from Pete Rose to Armstrong He says in Liars Hall of Fame , first come accusations , then denial , and confession . Why ? Moore : Lying sports stars ca n't accept fall ; think if they repeat lie enough , it 'll be true . Do n't buy it
Tampa , Florida  CNN  -- With Texas Gov. Rick Perry threatening to cement his standing atop the national polls , his rivals for the Republican presidential nomination aggressively sought to undermine his conservative credentials on Monday during the first-ever CNN/Tea Party debate in Florida . Perry repeatedly found himself in the crosshairs , as the field of candidates took turns attacking his positions on illegal immigration , Social Security , and his controversial 2007 push to vaccinate Texas schoolgirls against human papillomavirus , a common sexually transmitted disease that can lead to cervical cancer . Minnesota Rep. Michele Bachmann , whose standing among Republicans has slipped dramatically since Perry entered the race , said she was "  offended " by Perry 's executive order , which included an opt-out provision for parents who did not want the vaccine . "  To have innocent little 12 year old girls to be forced to have government injections through an executive order is just flat-out wrong , " Bachmann said . Former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum -- like Bachmann , a staunch social conservative struggling to gain traction in the polls -- also pounced . "  This is big government run amok , " Santorum said to applause . "  It is bad policy and it should not have been done . " Perry said he regretted his decision to push for the vaccine using an executive order , but said he was standing up against cancer . "  At the end of the day I am always going to err on the side of life , " Perry said . "  At the end of the day this was about trying to solve cancer . " Perry was also attacked by his opponents for signing the Texas DREAM Act in 2001 , which granted in-state tuition to some children of illegal immigrants . And former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney chided Perry for referring to Social Security as a "  Ponzi scheme " and vowed to protect the program . Romney called such language "  over the top " and said that Perry wrote in his book "  Fed Up ! " that the entitlement program is unconstitutional . Perry said Romney is trying to "  scare " seniors who rely on the federal program . When Romney persisted on the constitutionality question , Perry said the nation needed to have a serious conversation on the issue , which prompted Romney to cut him off by saying "  we 're having that conversation right now , governor . " Other candidates then joined in , with former House Speaker Newt Gingrich earning applause from the crowd of conservative tea party supporters by saying the issue was n't about who was scaring senior citizens when , he said , President Barack Obama was scaring the nation every day . Bachmann and Perry squared off on the vaccination situation , with Bachmann saying , "  We can not forget that in the midst of this executive order there 's a big drug company that made millions of dollars because of this . " She added that a former Perry aide was a lobbyist for the company and asked if the issue was about saving lives or money . Perry responded that the company , Merck , made a $ 5,000 contribution and said to Bachmann : "  If you 're saying I can be bought for $ 5,000 , I 'm offended . " "  I 'm offended by what happened to all those girls , " Bachmann said of the required vaccination of girls as young as 12 against cervical cancer . Perry also said that the executive order was a mistake and he should have worked with the legislature instead of issuing it . He also noted the order gave parents the right to opt their children out of the vaccination . The debate at the Florida State Fairgrounds in Tampa gave the other candidates on the stage a chance to change what many are portraying as a two-person race between Perry and Romney . CNN and the Tea Party Express , a leading national tea party organization , teamed up to put on the event , with questions coming from the moderator , CNN anchor Wolf Blitzer , as well as from tea party activists , supporters in the audience and voters at locations in Arizona , Ohio and Virginia . Participants included Perry , Romney , Bachmann , Gingrich , Santorum , Texas Rep. Ron Paul , former Utah Gov. and former U.S. Ambassador to China Jon Huntsman and former Godfather 's Pizza CEO Herman Cain . Perry , the new guy in the race and the current front-runner in the national polls , and Romney , the previous front-runner in the GOP battle , sparred over jobs and Social Security at a debate last week at the Reagan Presidential Library in Simi Valley , California . They continued the battle Monday . When Blitzer noted Perry 's success creating jobs in Texas , Romney cited what he called advantages to accomplishing such success in that state , including no income tax , lots of oil and a Republican-controlled state legislature . "  If you 're dealt four aces , that does n't necessarily make you a great poker player , " Romney said in the best zinger of the early going . If voters believe all of America is like Texas , then they should choose someone with success in Texas , Romney continued , adding that if voters believe the nation needs to be turned around , "  that 's what I do . " Perry responded to Romney : "  You were doing pretty good until you got to talking poker . " In the California debate last week , Perry stood by earlier comments that Social Security is a "  Ponzi scheme " and that it was a "  monstrous lie " to tell young workers that the 74-year-old pension system would be there when they retire . Romney fired back , saying that "  under no circumstances would I ever say by any measure it 's a failure . It is working for millions of Americans , and I 'll keep it working for millions of Americans . " Since then , both candidates have swung at each other through e-mail and social media . In a radio interview , Romney went a step further . "  If we nominate someone who the Democrats can correctly characterize as being opposed to Social Security , we would be obliterated as a party , " he said . Perry 's team fired back , noting that in Romney 's policy book "  No Apology , " the former Massachusetts governor compared the management of Social Security to a felony . When that issue came up Monday , Romney said Perry was misquoting him from the book . As for Romney 's charge that Perry would possibly abolish the popular government program , Perry 's team says that the Texas governor believes that Social Security must be protected for current beneficiaries and those nearing retirement age . In a a USA Today op-ed released Monday by Perry , he declined to use the phrase "  Ponzi scheme " but called for a "  frank , honest national conversation about fixing Social Security to protect benefits for those at or near retirement while keeping faith with younger generations , who are being asked to pay . " Bachmann , who is vying for tea party support with Perry , also has tried to inject herself into the Social Security discussion . Monday 's debate was crucial to Bachmann , who has dropped in national polling since Perry launched his campaign on August 13 , the very same day that she won a crucial straw poll in Ames , Iowa . CNN Deputy Political Director Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report .	NEW : Perry finds himself in the crosshairs as GOP candidates attack his positions Bachmann accuses Perry of helping a drug company through a vaccination order Romney on Perry : Being dealt aces does not make a good poker player Perry calls for Social Security reform but drops "  Ponzi scheme " label
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Afghanistan 's presidential election will go to a second round after no one candidate garnered more than 50 % of the vote , the country 's election commission said Saturday . The top two vote-getters , former Foreign Minister Abdullah Abdullah and Ashraf Ghani , will be in a runoff slated for June 7 , said Independent Election Commission head Ahmad Yusuf Nuristani . "  I think the elections went pretty good , we are satisfied with it and with the results , " Nuristani said on state television . Seven million Afghans went to the polls on April 5 to choose a successor to outgoing President Hamid Karzai . It will be the country 's first democratic transfer of presidential power . The preliminary results were announced Saturday , showing Abdullah with 45 % of the votes and Ghani with 32 % . Zalmai Rasoul 's presidential hopes ended with a third place finish with 12 % of the vote . Abdullah and Ghani were seen as the front-runners going into the April 5 ballot . Abdullah , who is associated with the Tajik ethnic group , is partnered with Mohammad Mohaqeq , a leader of the Hazara ethnic group . He also has a Pashtun on the ticket . An eye doctor by training , Abdullah became Afghanistan 's foreign minister under Karzai . He ran against him in 2009 but dropped out to protest what he saw as large-scale voter fraud . He is considered to be relatively liberal and has made at least one public statement in support of women 's rights . Ghani , who earned his doctorate at Columbia University in the United States , is from the Pashtun ethnic group . His running mate is Abdul Rashid Dostum , a leader of the Uzbek ethnic group . Ghani was the country 's finance minister under Karzai . Security will be a key issue for whoever is elected president . A series of deadly attacks marked the run-up to the vote , and Kabul was again rocked by violence Thursday when at least three American medical workers in the capital were shot by a policeman guarding a hospital . NATO troops are scheduled to draw down from Afghanistan by the end of the year . Karzai , who is constitutionally required to step down after two terms in office , has refused to sign an agreement to keep international forces in Afghanistan , also known as the Status of Forces Agreement . But the two leading presidential candidates have said they would sign it .	Afghanistan 's presidential election will go to a second round Electoral commission says final results will be released May 14 It will be the country 's first democratic transfer of presidential power
CNN  -- President Obama 's remarks Thursday on the death of Michael Brown were an echo of his powerful 2013 speech on Trayvon Martin 's shooting . Notably absent was any mention of race . A year ago , the acquittal of Trayvon Martin 's shooter sparked protests across the United States . Martin was 17 and armed with nothing more than a bag of Skittles candy . Protestors believed that Florida 's self-defense law helped enable civilian George Zimmerman to racially profile Martin and justify shooting him in self-defense . Studies had found that whites who kill blacks are more likely to be found justified in "  stand your ground " states like Florida . Now , a police officer 's fatal shooting of Michael Brown , an African-American , in Ferguson , Missouri has reignited the discussion about racial injustice in America . Brown was 18 and planned to start college this week . Witnesses said he was shot multiple times when he refused to comply with an officer 's order to "  get the f -- onto the sidewalk " or "  get the f -- out of the street . " 5 things to know about Michael Brown 's shooting Although the identity of the officer has not been released , a witness who was walking with Brown at the time told CNN that the officer is white . In a primarily black city , only three of Ferguson 's police officers are African-American . Facebook and Twitter are abuzz with #iftheygunnedmedown , where young men and women pair a rebellious image of themselves next to a telegenic , shirt-and-tie one to highlight societal stereotypes of minorities . Officer in Ferguson shooting had no prior disciplinary record In response to what has become another debate of national -- and racial -- proportion , President Obama advised on Tuesday : "  We should comfort each other and talk with one another in a way that heals , not in a way that wounds . " He alluded to the protests and looting in St. Louis . The looting was opportunistic , people taking advantage of a tragedy as a cover for criminal activity . And some of the unrest was a cry for help , desperate acts to get attention from a criminal justice system that has not adequately addressed problems of racial injustice in America . Complete coverage on Ferguson shooting and protests But there is a major difference between the way the President addressed race in his Trayvon Martin speech and his Michael Brown remarks Thursday . It is representative of the growing disconnect between an administration that has promised to alleviate racial injustice , and a community in which there is a strong sense of disappointment . After President Obama 's lyrical speech on race during his 2008 presidential campaign , minorities and civil rights groups expected the election of a black president to be more than just symbolic . This hope was solidified in the president 's selection of the first black U.S. attorney general in 2009 . While his first term reflected a lull in civil rights legislation , President Obama 's 2013 speech on Trayvon Martin promised more . He emphasized the importance of racial profiling legislation , even though Zimmerman was a civilian and such legislation affects law enforcement . He indicated a new focus on such laws and described the one he had successfully passed as a state senator in Illinois . The President also suggested he would work on improving conditions for young black men to succeed and called for the examination of state and local laws like the Florida "  stand your ground " laws . However since then , not much has happened . The special nature of state police powers has made federal action difficult . About two dozen states have passed self-defense laws similar to the Florida one that may have helped lead the jury to exonerate Zimmerman , but not one state has repealed them . Even on a federal level , the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights , a Senate Judiciary hearing and Justice Department investigations have produced no solutions on such laws and the racial profiling that is inherent in their enforcement . The Justice Department considered filing a civil rights lawsuit against George Zimmerman , but did not . In addition , the administration has not made a strong effort to rally Congress around racial profiling legislation . In the meantime , allegations of racially biased actions by police have flitted across headlines , such as the New York Police Department 's "  stop and frisk " policy and chokehold incidents that disproportionately affect blacks . Social media and activism has brought underreported stories and photos to the forefront : for example , the case of Darren Rainey , a mentally ill Florida prisoner whose skin separated from his body when guards locked him into a 180-degree shower , originally garnered only local media attention . Now the petition to the U.S. Department of Justice to investigate his death has over 160,000 signatures across the nation . President Obama was right in encouraging talking and reflection , in criticizing Ferguson police for harassing peaceful protestors and journalists , and in involving the Missouri governor in crisis resolution . But he is speaking to an audience that wants more . The president should take proactive measures to address the Michael Brown case in particular , and racial injustice in general . Unlike the Justice Department 's previous investigation , news of which came and went with the news of the Trayvon Martin protests , the FBI and Justice Department 's investigation into Brown 's death needs to be thorough , transparent and broadcast to the public . Most importantly , the administration should make racial profiling legislation a top priority . Eliminating racial injustice in the criminal justice system is an almost Sisyphean task because of the many levels -- surveillance , arrest , conviction , sentencing and imprisonment . The roots of injustice are deep and tangled . The factors that lead to tragedies such as the death of Michael Brown are entwined with the human psyche , implicit bias and socioeconomic factors that are beyond the government 's control . Racial profiling legislation in particular is valued because it attacks the issue at its origin . By preventing law enforcement from disproportionately targeting ethnic minorities for investigation , interrogation and arrest , we affect the later stages of the justice system . Through training and monitoring , we change the culture of our police and court systems . In 2003 , as a state senator in Illinois , Obama did pass such a bill with unanimous support . The state legislation called for the collection of data on traffic stops and the race of the person who was stopped -- a measure that can be extended more broadly for a national bill . His bill also trained police departments on professionalization and avoiding racial biases . The U.S. Congress has been less receptive to such measures . Despite the many cries for change , the efforts of Sen. Ben Cardin and Rep. John Conyers to pass the End Racial Profiling Act in Congress have been unsuccessful . But with the same fierce diplomacy that passed healthcare reform through a recalcitrant Congress , President Obama can rally Congress to honor Michael Brown , a promising teenage boy whose tragic death could have been prevented by racial profiling legislation . President Obama is our best chance for the "  more perfect union " he called for as a presidential hopeful in 2008 . A white man 's response to Ferguson Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Nafees Syed : President Obama spoke inspiring words after Trayvon Martin case She says his administration has not achieved much progress on racial profiling Syed : Profiling is route by which many minorities become trapped in criminal justice system Legislation to curb profiling should be a key priority for Obama , she says
CNN  -- South African mountain bike star Burry Stander , who narrowly missed out on a medal at the London Olympics , has been killed in a road accident . Stander , 25 , was on a training ride when he was hit Thursday by a vehicle in Shelly Beach , on the country 's southeast coast , according to Cycling South Africa , the national cycling body . Details of the accident are still being investigated , it said . "  Not only is this a loss to South African sport , but we have lost a true gentleman who through his professionalism , modesty and humility , constantly showing sheer guts , represented our country with great pride , " Cycling South Africa said in the statement released Thursday . The organization expressed its condolences to Stander 's family , including his wife and parents . Stander finished fifth in the Men 's Cross Country mountain bike event at the Olympic Games in London last year . It was the second Olympics for Stander , who had finished 15th in the same event at the Beijing Games . He rode a superb race to move through the field in a race won by Jaroslav Kulhavy of the Czech Republic from Nino Schurter of Switzerland . Italy 's Marco Fontana was third , 25 seconds adrift , with Stander only missing out on the podium by four seconds in a close finish . He had won the 2011 African championships to book his place at the Games . Adrien Niyonshuti was fourth in the same race to become the first Rwandan to qualify for an Olympic competition . Stander had recently married the multiple South African road race champion Cherise Taylor . CNN 's Jethro Mullen contributed to this report .	Burry Stander is hit by a vehicle while on a training ride in South Africa He was the country 's most successful mountain biker He finished fifth in his event at the Olympic Games in London last year Stander missed out on a medal by just four seconds
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Rick Norsigian kept two boxes he bought at a garage sale under his pool table for four years before realizing they may be too valuable to store at home . The Fresno , California , commercial painter learned this week that what was in those boxes he paid $ 45 dollars for a decade ago could be worth more than $ 200 million . "  When I heard that $ 200 million , I got a little weak , " Norsigian said at a Beverly Hills art gallery Tuesday . Art , forensic , handwriting and weather experts teamed up to conclude the 65 glass plates in the boxes were photographic negatives created more than 80 years ago by Ansel Adams , the iconic American photographer whose images of the West inspired the country . Arnold Peter , the lawyer who led the effort to authenticate that the negatives were made by the man known as the father of American photography , said their approach was "  to put these negatives on trial . " Experts , including a former FBI agent and a U.S. attorney , "  came to the conclusion that , based on the evidence which was overwhelming , that no reasonable person would have any doubt that these , in fact , were the long-lost images of Ansel Adams , " Arnold said . The photographs were from the early career of the famed nature photographer , a period that is not well documented since a 1937 darkroom fire destroyed 5,000 of his plates , Arnold said . "  It truly is a missing link of Ansel Adams and history and his career , " said Beverly Hills appraiser and art dealer David W. Streets . The photographs were taken between 1919 and the early 1930s at locations familiar to Adams , mostly around Yosemite , California , Streets said . "  This is going to show the world the evolution of his eye , of his talent , of his skill , his gift , but also his legacy , " Streets said . "  And it 's a portion that we thought had been destroyed in the studio fire . " Norsigian , who scours garage sales for antiques , was looking for a barber chair when he spotted to two deteriorated boxes in the spring of 2000 . "  When I pulled on of those glass negatives out , I seen Yosemite , " he said . "  As a young man , I worked at Yosemite quite a bit . So , right away I recognized it as Yosemite . " He bickered with the seller , finally negotiating down from $ 70 to $ 45 for the boxes . The owner said he bought them in the 1940s at a warehouse salvage in Los Angeles . He bickered the price down from $ 70 to $ 45 . It would be two years before he realized they photos may be from Adams , he said . After four years , he had done enough research to realize the plates could be valuable . He moved them from under his pool table and placed them in a bank vault . How these 6.5 x 8.5 inch glass plate negatives of famous Yosemite landscapes and San Francisco landmarks -- some of them with fire damage -- made their way from Adams collection 70 years ago to a Southern California garage sale in 2000 can only be guessed . Photography expert Patrick Alt , who helped confirm the authenticity of the negatives , suspects Adams carried them to use in a photography class he was teaching in Pasadena , California , in the early 1940s . "  It is my belief that he brought these negatives with him for teaching purposes and to show students how to not let their negatives be engulfed in a fire , " Alt said . "  I think this clearly explains the range of work in these negatives , from very early pictorialist boat pictures , to images not as successful , to images of the highest level of his work during this time period . " Alt said it is impossible to know why Adams would store them in Pasadena and never reclaim them . The plates were individually wrapped in newspaper inside deteriorating manila envelopes . Notations on each envelope appeared to have been made by Virginia Adams , the photographer 's wife , according to handwriting experts Michael Nattenberg and Marcel Matley . They compared them to samples provided by the Adams ' grandson . While most of the negatives appear never to have been printed , several are nearly identical to well-known Adams prints , the experts said . Meteorologist George Wright studied clouds and snow cover in a Norsigian negative to conclude that it was taken at about the same time as a known Adams photo of a Yosemite tree . In addition to Yosemite -- the California wilderness that Adams helped conserve -- the negatives depict California 's Carmel Mission , views of a rocky point in Carmel , San Francisco 's Fisherman 's Wharf , a sailing yacht at sea and an image of sand dunes . "  The fact that these locations were well-known to Adams , and visited by him , further supports the proposition that all of the images in the collection were most probably created by Adams , " said art expert Robert Moeller . Moeller said that after six months of study , he concluded "  with a high degree of probability , that the images under consideration were produced by Ansel Adams . Silver tarnishing on the negatives also helped date the plates to around the 1920s , Alt said . "  I have sent people to prison for the rest of their lives for far less evidence than I have seen in this case , " said evidence and burden of proof expert Manny Medrano , who was hired by Norsigian to help authenticate them . "  In my view , those photographs were done by Ansel Adams . " Arnold , the lawyer , said they presented their evidence to descendants of Adams , but they 've not heard back . Norsigian , who is 64 , still works for the Fresno school system , but he may retire this year . It could be a while before he sees the profits from the sale of prints from the negatives , but Streets estimates over the next 25 years it could mean over $ 200 million for Norsigian . For now , the photos will go on a tour of universities and museums , starting in October at Fresno State University , Norsigian said , "  I just hope everybody enjoys them , " he said . He 's not spoken with the man who sold him the two boxes a decade ago . "  If he 's still around , I 'm afraid he may come looking for me , " he said .	NEW : Negatives were stored under a pool table for years Man paid $ 45 at a California garage sale for 65 glass plates Experts concluded negatives were lost Ansel Adams photos Photos are a "  missing link " in Adam 's career
CNN  -- Some long-time Cuba watchers expressed skepticism Tuesday over a report by a former Mexican foreign minister that Communist leader Raul Castro removed two top-ranking officials earlier this month because they were plotting to overthrow him with the support of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez . Fidel Castro , beset by illness , ceded power to his younger brother , Raul , pictured , last year . Jorge G. Castaneda , who served as Mexico 's foreign minister from 2000 - 2003 , wrote in the March 23 issue of Newsweek , which became public Saturday , that Deputy Prime Minister Carlos Lage Davila and Foreign Minister Felipe Perez Roque were concerned that Raul Castro would make concessions that would betray the 50-year-old Cuban Revolution . "  For at least a month or so , Lage , Perez Roque and others were apparently involved in a conspiracy , betrayal , coup or whatever term one prefers , to overthrow or displace Raul from his position , " Castaneda wrote . "  In this endeavor , they recruited -- or were recruited by -- Venezuela 's Hugo Chavez , who in turn tried to enlist the support of other Latin American leaders , starting with Leonel Fernandez of the Dominican Republic , who refused to get involved . " The Venezuelan Embassy in Washington did not answer a verbal and written request for comment . The Dominican Republic Embassy in Washington did not answer telephones calls at various numbers . Robert Pastor , who served as a Latin America National Security adviser for President Jimmy Carter in the late 1970s , returned Saturday from a weeklong visit to Cuba . Pastor said he wrote Castaneda a letter upon his return expressing his disbelief in Castaneda 's contentions . "  This is Jorge at his most creative , " Pastor said Tuesday . Louis A. Perez Jr. , a Cuba scholar who has written 12 books on the nation , also expressed his doubts . "  Where is this coming from ? " Perez asked . "  I operate with the idea that there has to be some standard of plausibility . Is there discontent in Cuba and was Lage seen as the heir apparent ? Yeah , that 's the conventional wisdom since last year . But that there 's a conspiracy between Lage and Perez Roque ? I do n't think so . It would be helpful if the people who write these reports cross the barrier of speculation . " Castaneda freely offers that he has no proof , calling his thesis "  informed speculation . " "  I have no way to substantiate any of this , " he said by telephone Tuesday from Mexico City . "  I have no evidence of it . " Instead , Castaneda points to an "  enigmatic " comment former leader Fidel Castro made in a column after the two men were removed . "  He resorted to a baseball metaphor on the occasion of the World Baseball Classic to praise Dominicans for not participating  the team 's plans had been unclear  and to claim that Chavez 's baseball players , ` as good and young ' as they might be , were no match for ` Cuba 's seasoned all-stars , ' " Castaneda wrote in the Newsweek article . Castaneda says Castro was thanking Dominican President Fernandez and sending a veiled message to Chavez . The former Mexican official also points to Chavez ' silence on the removal of the two men as further proof that he was involved . The two fired functionaries were acting out of loyalty to the revolution , Castaneda wrote . Fidel Castro , beset by illness , ceded power to his younger brother last year . Most analysts see Fidel Castro as the more idealistic and doctrinaire of the two brothers , while Raul is viewed as more pragmatic . "  Their reasons for wishing to unseat Raul were mainly turf and power , " Castaneda wrote , "  but they also feared that the leader was beginning to feel threatened by the reaction of the Cuban people to excessive economic and social deprivation , and after his brother 's demise would be unable to control the flow of events . Consequently , he would accept a series of economic and political reforms to normalize relations with the United States . ... "  They believed this to be a betrayal of the revolution , and the beginning of the end of its survival . " According to Castaneda , Raul Castro detected the plot and went to his brother and gave him an ultimatum : support him or the plotters . Fidel Castro agreed to back his brother , Castaneda wrote . The Castro brothers then called in Chavez and gave him a "  devil 's alternative : back off , while maintaining economic support for the island , or lose his Cuban security detail and intelligence apparatus , exposing himself to coups and assassination attempts from eventual Venezuelan replacements . He chose to stick with the Castros . " Castaneda acknowledges that Pastor and others have criticized him but says , "  I ask that they offer a better explanation . " Says Pastor , "  Most of them are quite conventional explanations . Everyone knew he was going to change the Cabinet . The only question was when the changes would be . " Raul Castro was merely trying to make the government more efficient , Pastor said . "  What was he doing ? " he asked . "  Merging different ministries , trying to decentralize and strengthen the government 's capacity to undertake economic reforms . " But Castaneda points to the manner in which the two men were removed as proof that there was more to it than just a change in government . Why were n't Lage and Perez Roque given ambassadorships or other face-saving posts , as is often done in cases like this , he asked ? Instead , Castaneda said , the men were stripped of all posts and made to sign letters in which they confessed to unspecified "  mistakes . " And one day after the two men were removed , Fidel Castro wrote in his column that they were ousted after they became seduced by the "  honey of power , " which led them to an "  unworthy role . " Castro further said the two men had reawakened the illusions of "  foreign powers " regarding Cuba 's future . Castaneda says Raul Castro was worried about what would happen after Fidel dies and was trying to avert a succession battle . Perez Roque , 43 , might have been perceived as a threat . "  Perez Roque was popular in Cuba ; his youth , his humble origins , his combative nature all brought him closer to the people than most Cuban bureaucrats , " Castaneda wrote in Newsweek . Pastor notes that the decision to remove the two men was not popular . "  There was pushback in Cuba among the -LSB- Communist Party -RSB- cadres and the public who said , "  We 've connected with these two people . Why are they going ? " Pastor said . "  They did n't feel the government had given an adequate explanation for changing those individuals . They were concerned about the language of the resignations and about Fidel 's comments . " Interestingly , Pastor said , "  They blamed Fidel more than they seemed to blame Raul . " Perez , the Cuba scholar , also noted Fidel Castro 's apparent passing from power . "  Nobody speaks of Fidel anymore , " Perez said . "  He 's a non-presence . Out of sight , out of mind . The only time anyone speaks of him is when they are asked about him . "	Former Mexican foreign minister says Raul Castro removed two top-ranking officials It 's claimed they were plotting to overthrow him fearing he 'd betray Cuban revolution Report says plotters received support from Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez Some long-time Cuba watchers skeptical over the report
CNN  -- A passenger plane skidded off an airport runway and burst into flames in the northeastern Iranian city of Mashhad on Friday , killing at least 17 people and injuring about 20 , according to government-backed Press TV . Aryan Airlines Flight 1625 skidded off the runway and burst into flames Friday in Mashhad , Iran . There were 150 passengers on board Aryan Airlines Flight 1625 , according to the Islamic Republic News Agency , or IRNA . There was no immediate information on the number of crew . An Iranian official said those aboard had been evacuated . Ghahraman Rashid , deputy governor-general of Khorasan province , said the plane had flown from Tehran , IRNA reported . "  All those killed and injured and the rest of the passengers had been evacuated from the plane and the fire on board had been brought under control , " IRNA quoted the official as saying . He said the plane was a Russian-made Ilyushin . Watch video of the plane " This is the second deadly plane crash in Iran this month . On July 15 , a Caspian Airlines passenger plane carrying 168 people crashed in northwestern Iran , killing everyone on board , including 10 members of the country 's youth judo team : eight athletes and two coaches .	Passenger plane skids off runway and catches fire in Mashhad 150 passengers on board Aryan Airlines Flight 1625 , according to news reports Flight had originated in Tehran , official says On July 15 , a passenger plane crashed in northwest Iran , killing all 168 aboard .
London  CNN  -- After violent December storms put a damper on many people 's holiday season , this January was the wettest on record for parts of England . Met Office figures for January 1-28 show that southeast and central southern England had more than twice the usual amount of rain . A whopping 175.2 millimeters  nearly 7 inches  of rain fell in that period -- easily submerging the previous record of 158.2 millimeters , set in January 1988 . Final figures for the month have not yet been released , but the totals are expected to go up , since the rain has kept on coming down in many areas . Meanwhile , southwest England and south Wales had their fifth wettest January since records began in 1910 , according to the Met Office , and some areas have suffered dire flooding . The torrential rain has left villages on the Somerset Levels , a low-lying area of southwest England , under water for almost a month . The situation is so bad that the government 's emergency committee , known as Cobra , has met to discuss what to do . Cameron : ` Not acceptable ' British Prime Minister David Cameron acknowledged Friday in a piece written for the Western Daily Press , a newspaper published in southwest England , that the government had been slow to act . "  Like everybody across the country I feel enormous sympathy for the people who live on the Somerset Levels and are suffering from the devastating impact of the flooding , " he wrote . "  I know that a great deal of work has been done to try and alleviate the situation but it is not acceptable for people to have to live like this almost four weeks later -- and I am not ruling out any option to get this problem sorted out . " Military planners have been sent in to work with local authorities , he said , and a 24-hour pumping operation is now running to try to drain off the excess water from the Somerset Levels . Local residents have complained that the Environment Agency has neglected to dredge rivers over past years , exacerbating the risk of flooding . But the Environment Agency said in an online statement Tuesday that "  increased dredging of rivers on the Somerset Levels would not have prevented the recent widespread flooding because of the sheer volume of rainfall . " As many as 40 homes and 65 square kilometers of land  25 square miles  are flooded , the agency said . Local and national newspapers have shown dramatic images of inundated homes , submerged fields and impassable roads , with some residents -- and emergency responders -- forced to use boats to get around . Flood warnings , flights affected The sodden month of January may now be over , but the bad weather persists this weekend . The Environment Agency has warned that high tides and gale force winds could bring more flooding in some coastal areas , and nine severe flood warnings are in place . At the same time , continued rain may cause river flooding in parts of southern England where the ground is saturated and water levels are already high , the agency said . Stormy , gale force winds in Ireland have also affected some flights at Dublin Airport . Passengers are advised to check their flight status before traveling , the airport said Saturday . The Irish Met Office warned that coastal flooding is also likely Saturday for coastal counties in the country 's west and south , thanks to the high winds , extremely high seas and very high spring tides . CNN 's Per Nyberg contributed to this report .	Southeast and central southern England had more than twice the usual rainfall in January Rainfall there in the first 28 days of January was the highest since records began in 1910 Parts of southwest England have been under water for nearly a month The bad weather continues , with a number of flood warnings issued this weekend
A student who opened fire Friday inside a suburban Denver high school appears to have been seeking revenge against a faculty member because of a "  confrontation or disagreement , " the Arapahoe County sheriff said . The shooter , identified as 18-year-old Karl Halverson Pierson , shot one student before turning the gun on himself and taking his own life , Sheriff Grayson Robinson told reporters . The shooting began after the student walked into Arapahoe High School in Centennial with the intention of confronting a specific faculty member , Robinson said . "  The suspect has been found inside the school and he has deceased as a result of what appears to be a self-inflicted gunshot wound , " Robinson said in one of his first statements after the shooting . Authorities revised downward the number of students wounded in the shooting to one . Two students were previously reported to have suffered gunshot wounds . But Robinson said Friday night that an investigation concluded there was only one after it was discovered that blood on another person was from the sole victim . One person -- a minor -- was taken to Littleton Adventist Hospital with a gunshot wound , Lauren Brendel , a hospital spokeswoman , told CNN . Brendel did not release the age , gender and condition of the minor . But Robinson told reporters that the condition of a a 15-year-old girl who was shot was in critical condition after surgery . Authorities descended on the school after news of the shooting broke -- on the eve of the one-year anniversary of the massacre at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown , Connecticut . The shooting also occurred roughly 10 miles from where Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold killed 12 students and one teacher in a rampage at Columbine High School in April 1999 before killing themselves . Pierson walked into Arapahoe High School carrying a shotgun and made no attempt to hide it , Robinson said . He then asked other students the whereabouts of a faculty member , he said . A school janitor told CNN affiliate KMGH that he saw a student dressed in tactical gear running through the school . "  It just looked weird , " the janitor , Fabian Llerenas , said . "  He went in and I heard two pops . That 's when I knew . I said , ` They are shooting in the school . ' " Llerenas said he called 911 , and he then escorted the targeted faculty member out of the school . "  In my opinion , that was the most important tactical decision that could have been made , " Robinson said . The faculty member "  left that school in an effort to try to encourage the shooter to also leave the school . " Pierson 's body was found later in a classroom , Robinson told reporters . The student appears to have acted alone , he said . In addition to the shotgun , authorities found two Molotov cocktails inside the school , Robinson said . One of the Molotov cocktails detonated , he said . The other was "  rendered safe , " Robinson said . As part of the investigation , authorities also will be looking at school surveillance video , the sheriff said . Investigators also are searching Pierson 's car , his home and another home that he had access to , the sheriff said . High school senior Frank Woronoff told CNN he had known Pierson since they were freshmen together . "  He was the last person I would expect to shoot up a high school . He was honestly incredibly humble and down to earth . He was a little geeky but in a charming way , " he said . "  So I do n't know anyone who hates him really , so it came as a surprise -- to me at least . " The first sheriff 's deputies and police officers arrived at Arapahoe and entered almost immediately after the shooting was reported , Robinson said . While authorities hunted for the student gunman inside the school , students were locked in their classrooms . Courtney Leytoldt told KMGH she saw a girl , covered in blood , running down the stairs yelling , "  Help me , help me , there 's a shooter . " Leytoldt said she was in yoga class and that her teacher told all the students to get into a closet to protect them . Ninth-grader Whitney Riley was getting ready to grab her computer from her locker when the shooting began . "  We were having fun and laughing and then , all of a sudden , we heard a really loud bang , " the 15-year-old told CNN . "  My teacher asked what it was and then we heard two more and we all just got up and screamed and ran into a sprinkler system room . " Inside the windowless room were five students and two teachers . "  We were shaking , we were crying , we were freaking out , " Riley said . "  I had a girl biting my arm . " They soon heard people yelling , and walkie-talkies crackling , and then they heard police asking someone to drop the gun , put the gun down , and hold his arms up , she said . She did not hear another gunshot , though the people doing the talking could have moved farther away , she said . Soon , they heard police ordering them out . Colton Powers told CNN affiliate KDVR that he heard gunfire during his English class . At that point , his teacher turned off the lights and locked the door . "  We ran to a corner so they could n't see us , " Powers said . Within about 14 minutes of the initial report , "  we had information on the radio that my deputies believed they had the shooter down inside the school , " Robinson said . Dozens of students could be seen walking away from the school , with their hands in the air . Some stood in lines at what appeared the high school track field , where they appeared to be undergoing police pat-downs . Students were then taken by bus to a nearby church where they were reunited with their families , Robinson said . The high school , with a student population of 2,229 students , has 70 classrooms . The school , which was built in 1964 , is part of the Littleton Public Schools system . Gov. John Hickenlooper called the shooting an "  all-too-familiar sequence , where you have gunshots and parents racing to the school and unspeakable horror in a place of learning . " President Barack Obama was briefed on the shooting , according to a White House official .	Authorities identify the shooter as Karl Halverson Pierson , 18 The number of shot and wounded has been downgraded to one , the sheriff says Condition of wounded 15-year-old is critical after surgery , sheriff says The shooter wanted revenge on a faculty member , the sheriff says
CNN  -- "  New Moon , " the latest film in "  The Twilight Saga " is doing record business at the box office . In its opening weekend the film grossed $ 140.7 million -- more than any other film with an autumn release in history . The tales of teenage vampire love based on the best-selling books by Stephanie Meyer have wooed film-goers without having to resort to acres of flesh being on display . This distinct lack of on-screen sex runs contrary to the popular trend of portraying teenagers on screen as playing fast and loose with their virginity and affections . Love and the importance of relationships most definitely rule in "  The Twilight Saga " and the formula is proving popular with audiences . Elizabeth Morowitz , Communications Professor at the University of Missouri and author of "  Bitten By Twilight " thinks that this more sensitive approach is the key to the film 's success . "  A lot of people ask ` what 's so appealing about the Twilight and why is it popular now ? ' and we think it 's because of the relationships and the messages about love in Twilight . In a more conservative environment we 've had this push for abstinence education , so we now have a media message that 's more congruent with that . So perhaps some teens relate to it in that way , " Morowitz told CNN 's Katie Walmsley . The director of "  New Moon " Chris Weitz says that sexual abstinence is central to the film 's appeal . "  It 's not that they ca n't have sex , they choose not to and I think there 's so much popular culture that 's saying to young people : ` you 'll be cool if you have sex ' or ` it 's important to be sexy ' whereas this series really concentrates on matters of the heart and spirit and I think that 's lovely , " Weitz told CNN . A dashing male lead , in the shape of Robert Pattison does n't hurt either when you 're trying to attract a female teenage audience . But whatever the exact recipe for its undoubted success it looks like teenagers in the "  Twilight " world do n't like to bite off more than they can chew .	"  The Twilight Saga : New Moon " is breaking records at the box office Film contains plenty of sexual tension but no sex scenes Twilight Saga concentrates on matters of the heart and spirit says director Chris Weitz
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Cerebral . That 's how I would describe the producer , songwriter , musician Pharrell Williams if I could only use one word . Yes , he 's incredibly talented -- as co-founder of the production powerhouse The Neptunes , he and his partner Chad Hugo have netted hit after hit . They have worked with everyone from Britney Spears to Madonna . Justin Timberlake to Jay-Z . Most recently , Robin Thicke probably was n't a name you would have been familiar with until you heard this year 's biggest hit "  Blurred Lines " featuring Pharrell . Yup , that was The Neptunes ' doing . And do n't forget about Daft Punk 's "  Get Lucky " the hit No. 2 on the Billboard charts and which Billboard described as "  the Summer Song of 2013 " . It 's just another part of the Pharrell phenomenon . If you want to know more about Pharrell , you only have to look as far as the manifesto he wrote on his website . He says , "  I serve and represent the OTHERS because I am one myself " . The "  others " being anyone who has ever felt outside of the "  norm " , anyone who has ever felt they could n't be categorized , anyone who has ever felt different . See who else has been on Talk Asia It 's often safer to be inside the proverbial box . But it takes guts to not only say that the box is too small , but to go out and create a whole other space to be free and thrive . And that 's what Mr. Williams has done . For him , the internet is that space . It 's a place where democracy rules but individuality reigns . Ironic since here is a guy who has succeeded where very few can . He has been accepted by the establishment in music , fashion , art and architecture . He has become the man everyone wants to work with . In the research process and through our conversation I saw Williams as more than "  the man of the moment " but a man with cross pop cultural influence . He showed me a roadmap to a non-predictable professional life , one in which his career is custom-designed and climbs no particular ladder . He speaks of a "  collective conscience " where a "  shift in humanity " means there are no ladders . Instead , it 's about seeking alternate horizons by designing your own life and your own path . Through his "  I Am Other " initiative ,  which is now the umbrella framework under which all his projects operate  Pharrell capitalizes on this shift by turning the consumer generation he influences into fellow entrepreneurs . He has created a forum where people can share and discuss ideas , thereby sealing his own position as a role model . He expresses his own ideas through music , movies , social media , and of course the internet . Williams calls it "  a customization era " because "  people want what they want right now . " Williams credits his diverse career to a lifelong curiosity that his mother instilled in him . She taught him to be open to all that is around him . And he is . From conversations with the renowned neuroscientist Dr. Vilayanur S. Ramachandran and their discussions on the psychology of music to collaborations with the artist Takashi Murakami on a sculpture , Pharrell is a man who revels in cross-platform communication because for him , life is about maximizing existence in every way . For Williams though , the most important message he could share to his fans is his perspective on humanity -- it is one in which we all have something to offer and it is our duty to our self-respect to live life on our terms . The goal then would be to find a way to serve humanity through our given talents . Williams shared with me the one thing that stuck with him that Ramachandran told him . He said "  the apes and the monkeys reach for fruit , but man reaches for stars and that 's the difference . " Through that wide-eyed wonder for all that this life has to offer , opportunities have made their way to him . He tells me "  music has been the skeleton key that 's opened every door of every opportunity that  I 've  had . " Well that may be , but it 's his humility and gratitude that make people seek him out . As he says , he takes his "  ego 's hat off and  leaves  it at the door " . He is comfortable in his own skin and it shows . Maybe that 's why his song "  Happy " has already had over seven million views on YouTube . We all want some of that to rub off on us . I know I do .	"  Talk Asia " host Monita Rajpal speaks with musician Pharrell Williams about his diverse career Also a producer and entrepreneur , he is involved in multiple business ventures Rajpal : "  He has become the man everyone wants to work with "
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Police are investigating a beauty clinic in Hong Kong after four women were hospitalized with septic shock after receiving a treatment experts say is usually only administered to cancer patients . Two women , aged 46 and 60 , remain in a critical condition after being admitted soon after undergoing the procedure at the DR beauty clinic last Wednesday , according to a statement from the Hong Kong Department of Health . Two other women , aged 56 and 59 are also hospitalized . The younger woman is in a serious condition , while the elder woman is said to be stable . In a statement from the health department -- which is investigating the matter -- a spokesman said patients had received what 's called a DC-CIK treatment , a procedure that involves , "  concentration and processing of blood taken from the person , and subsequent infusion of the mixture back into the patient . According to the investigation , the treatment was provided by registered medical practitioner . " Experts contacted by CNN said they had never heard of DC-CIK being used on healthy people . "  Such treatment is only indicated for patients with metastatic cancer and often as salvage therapy when there are no other feasible options , " Professor KY Yuen , Chair of Infectious Diseases at the University of Hong Kong 's Department of Microbiology said in an email to CNN . It 's not clear whether any of the women had been diagnosed with cancer , though the Hong Kong Health Department said in a statement that at least one woman had been in good health before the treatment . Dr. Ho Pak-leung , President of the University of Hong Kong 's Center for Infection told CNN that he had not heard of any scientific evidence that DC-CIK treatment was useful for cosmetic purposes . "  I have serious doubts about the medical and scientific basis of the treatment , " he said . In a statement , Hong Kong 's Health Department said blood samples taken from one of the women showed the presence of Mycobacterium abscessus , a bacterium that can be found in water , soil and dust , according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Preliminary samples from two other women produced similar findings -- testing is still under way . Dr. Ho said under normal circumstances the bacterium does not pose a danger to healthy people , and is most commonly seen in superficial wound infections . However , he added that it appears as though it had somehow entered the women 's blood . "  There 's a real possibility that the treatment is a direct cause of the serious illness in the four patients , " he said . "  We do n't normally see infection of the blood and internal organs in patients , " Dr. Ho said , adding that effectively treating the condition is "  very difficult . " He said : "  Doctors are trying very hard to save the patients who came down with blood infections with this bacteria but there 's a lot of uncertainty as to whether those drugs are really effective . " A Hong Kong Health Department spokesman said investigations revealed that the treatment was provided to a total of 44 women , including those hospitalized in the past week . The hospitalized women were said to have experienced a range of symptoms including headaches , fever , diarrhea and vomiting . As of late Sunday , 12 people had called a special hotline to say that they were also clients of the clinic , but no new cases of septic shock had been reported , the Health Department said . In response to media questioning on Saturday , the clinic 's founder , Dr. Stephen Chow Heung-wing said that his staff referred clients to an independent doctor who administered the therapy , but denied suggestions that it was offered as a medical treatment . "  I did n't said that it can cure any diseases . Remember that , we are a beauty clinic . We refer clients to doctor  s  and we have had the clients to sign a liability-free form , which states that it is not for medical use , " he told local media . CNN phoned Chow 's office on Monday but his staff said there would be no further comment . The Health Department said the clinic had been ordered to halt the procedure . A statement on the beauty clinic 's website says that the treatment "  was conducted by an independent doctor at a medical clinic , and the doctor is not hired by our beauty store . " The statement also said it was up to the independent doctor to decide whether the client is suitable for treatment before he or she receives it . It added : "  We will assist related government departments to find out the causation of this particular incident . " According to its website , the DR group of clinics was established in 1995 and provides services for more than 1,000 clients each day . Vivian Kam contributed to this report .	Hong Kong police investigating beauty clinic after women hospitalized Four women are being treated for septic shock after receiving DC-CIK treatment Treatment is normally only offered to cancer patients , experts said Clinic 's founder says clients referred to an independent doctor
Washington  CNN  -- Gov. Chris Christie , who has long avoided wading into the immigration debate , said Thursday in Mexico City that he wo n't lay out his position on immigration reform unless he decides to run for president . "  Until that time I have no role in the immigration debate , except for how it may affect the individual citizens of New Jersey , which I 'll deal with as governor , " the New Jersey Republican told reporters . "  But I wo n't have anything to say on immigration unless and until I become a candidate for president of the United States , " he continued . "  If that happens , then I will articulate a full position on it . " Third of Mexicans would migrate to the U.S. , survey finds His comments came on the second of a three-day trip to Mexico , where the governor is meeting with Mexican dignitaries and business leaders to build economic and education partnerships . While Christie has repeatedly criticized President Obama for his handling of security enforcement at the U.S.-Mexico border , the governor has yet to detail his own position on legislation reform . "  I know you guys are begging to have me focus on immigration , and let me put you to rest : I 'm not going to , " he said , referring to the news media . "  You can ask in 18 different ways ... I 'm not giving you the story , so you can move on to whatever your next questions are . " Republican ignoring their own advice on immigration During a trip to Iowa in July -- at the height of the crisis involving children crossing the border illegally -- Christie declined to answer questions from reporters about immigration . "  I 'm not going to discuss a complicated issue like immigration in a parking lot here in Marion , which really deserves a much deeper and more thoughtful conversation than we give out here right now , " he said at the time , faulting "  both parties " for the way they 've handled the issue . Christie : N.J. may consider housing kids from southern border influx In June , while the governor was in San Francisco , he refused to lay out his position , again saying his current location was not the appropriate venue for such a topic . "  I 'm sure you 'd love me to do that , " he said with sarcasm , after a reporter asked him to spell out his stance . "  And in fact what I want to do in a flower warehouse , I want to give you a very complex answer behind a set of microphones on a contentious issue that 's driving debate all across the country . No thank you . " On Thursday , Christie said he discussed immigration issues the day prior in a meeting with Mexican President Enrique PeÃ ± a Nieto , saying they talked about how "  it 's a very difficult issue for both parties " in the United States and how it 's Washington 's responsibility to fix the problem . Since the 2012 presidential election , in which the GOP presidential nominee won only 27 % of the Latino vote , Republicans have been more aggressive in courting Latino voters . Christie himself has frequently pointed out that he won 51 % of the Latino vote in New Jersey during his re-election bid . Asked by one reporter about the importance of Latino voters for Republicans at the national level , Christie acknowledged the electoral advantages . "  The importance of it is the more votes you get , the more chance you have to win , " he said bluntly . "  And I do n't care who those votes come from , as long as you wind up with more than the other guy , you win , you get to govern , and that 's what our party should be focused on . "	Speaking in Mexico City , Christie says : nothing on immigration , for now If he decideds to run for President , "  then I will articulate a full position on it " The New Jersey governor has criticized Obama and others in Washington over the issue He is in Mexico on an official trip as governor
CNN  -- In the end , it was always Robin . That was the big bombshell from Monday night 's final episode of "  How I Met Your Mother , " which piled on one surprise after another . When Ted finally finished the story for his kids , they called him on it : His story was n't all about how he met their mother  she was barely in the story  , it was about how much he loved Robin . As many had theorized , the mother of Ted 's children  whose name was Tracy McConnell , by the way  , had been dead for years by the time he told his story . So , in the last of many flash-forwards in this finale , Ted went to the street in front of Robin 's apartment and showed up with that blue French horn , the same one he stole for her in the first episode . Robin , of course , had long ago divorced Barney -- the first big shocker of the night . Barney , however , we would learn , became a father , and in one of several touching scenes from the episode , finally found the love of his life in baby Ellie . Marshall and Lily , pregnant with their second child in the present day , went on to have a third , but Lily was heartbroken when Robin decided she could n't be as much a part of their gang anymore , due in part to Barney continuing to be , well , Barney around her . And what about the mother , aka Tracy ? We finally did see that moment of the two meeting at that train station , and it was played perfectly by Josh Radnor and the Emmy-worthy Cristin Milioti . They would n't get married for several years , having postponed their wedding when Tracy got pregnant with their first child . Ted shared with his kids that he learned he had to love their mother with everything he had in him , through good times and bad , especially during her illness . Needless to say , the show stayed true to form , as it had in all its nine years , wearing its heart on its sleeve . And if your eyes stayed dry through the entire episode , you 're probably a stronger person than most viewers . Of course , the big Robin twist did n't exactly sit well with everyone online  people such as Rocco Horvath @RoccoRacingAMA , who tweeted , "  It took me so long to get over the fact Ted and Robin were n't going to end up together and now this ?! Mixed Emotions "  , and the finale seems to have split viewers more than any since "  Lost . " Other viewers were more forgiving . " #HIMYM creators stayed true to the story , " tweeted fan John Eisele . "  Finale fit the show , even if it is not what I wanted . Ca n't stop thinking about it . #HIMYMFinale . " What do you think ? Do you wish Tracy had stayed alive and Ted did n't ultimately end up with Robin ? Or do you think it was a fitting ending ? For that matter , what do you think about Barney and Robin splitting up ? Let us know in the comments and give yourself a self-five for making it all the way through nine seasons .	"  How I Met Your Mother " ends after nine seasons Viewers finally learn about Ted 's truly love Some fans appeared angered by the ending
CNN  Here 's a roundup of five medical studies published this week that might give you new insights into your health . Remember , correlation is not causation -- so if a study finds a connection between two things , it does n't mean that one causes the other . Dream on and it 'll get weird At the beginning of your sleep cycle , you may be dreaming about grocery shopping or your favorite TV show . But by the end of the night , you more likely will be dreaming about doing that shopping in your underwear with a murderous clown following you . In a study in the American Psychological Association journal , scientists followed the dream patterns of 16 people over two nights . The dreamers were awakened four times a night and asked to describe their dreams . The researchers found the longer someone slept the stranger and more emotional and in-depth their dreams got . Scientists concluded that a particular time of night may affect the content of dreams . A new way to detect depression Currently , a doctor or social worker will ask you a standard set of questions to determine if you are depressed . Depression is often underdiagnosed because studies have shown patients frequently underreport their symptoms . Scientists at Northwestern University have come up with an alternative way to diagnose depression that uses a blood test , according to a study from Translational Psychiatry . The blood test looks at nine genetic markers in the blood that have been linked to depression . Scientists tried the test on 32 adults who were diagnosed as depressed and 32 who were not . After 18 weeks of therapy , those who were considered depressed were tested again . Those who improved through therapy showed a change in their genetic markers . The accuracy of the blood test showed similar results to people who were diagnosed through diagnostic interviews . Could a blood test predict suicides ? American beer bellies are getting bigger Americans are getting bigger around the middle , according to a study in the Journal of the American Medical Association . That 's considered the most dangerous place on the body to gain weight . Studies have shown that people whose weight settles in their midsections have a higher risk for diabetes , heart disease and other serious conditions . In this study , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention looked at adults over a period of 12 years . They found that the average waist size went up nearly an inch for men , to almost 40 inches . For women , the average waistline was about 38 inches , which is up nearly an inch and a half from 2000 . By the CDC 's estimates , 54 % of U.S. adults are heavier in their midsections . That 's up from 46 % in 1999-2000 . The average body mass index , or BMI , has stayed steady . Illicit drug use among teens is down slightly Fewer teens are using illicit drugs and binge drinking , according to the National Survey on Drug Use and Health , which was released in full this week . About 8.8 % of teens 12 to 17 reported using illegal drugs in the survey , a decrease of 13 % from 2009 and 24 % from 2002 . Fewer teens also reported drinking in the month before completing the survey . Around 6.2 % reported binge drinking . Even marijuana use among teens was down slightly . Researchers did not see a change in the number of people over 12 who were using pain relievers for nonmedical purposes . Around 4.5 million Americans admitted to doing so , a rate similar to those in 2011 and 2012 . Gupta : How we created the heroin problem A link between artificial sweeteners and diabetes Artificial sweeteners may be messing with our gut bacteria and , in turn , with our ability to tolerate glucose . Glucose intolerance is a condition that can lead to diabetes . The series of studies appeared this week in the journal Nature . Scientists found that when mice ate or drank liquid or food made from aspartame , saccharin or sucralose , many of them became glucose intolerant . Researchers then tested the same thing out in seven human volunteers . Four of the seven developed glucose intolerance after consuming a regular dose of saccharin for a week . These individuals were not regular users of artificial sweeteners before the experiment . In a separate study of 400 humans , the scientists noticed the gut bacteria in study participants changed after they consumed artificial sweeteners . Gut bacteria are different in everyone . But some experts believe our gut bacteria can affect how our body processes food and burns calories . They theorize that the way sweeteners react with gut bacteria may affect whether someone gains or loses weight .	Average BMI has stayed the same for Americans , but our waist size is expanding Consuming artificial sweeteners make some mice glucose intolerant , leading to diabetes Teens are doing fewer illicit drugs , a national survey finds
MNN.com  -- Pets do the darnedest things , but that 's why we love them . For every shoe that my dog Lulu has destroyed , she also has provided hours of much-needed cuddle time . I still miss those green suede pumps she ate -- and it seems that I 'm not alone in lamenting lost inventory . Each year , Veterinary Pet Insurance compiles a list of the unusual ingestion claims for its annual Hambone Award . The dubious title honors a dog that got stuck in its owner 's refrigerator and ate an entire Thanksgiving ham before being discovered . Here are a few notable items consumed last year . In some cases , names have been omitted to protect the guilty . 100 rocks Harley the pug secured the 2011 Hambone Award after consuming 100 rocks during his stay at a veterinary boarding facility . His owner knew there was a problem when the pooch kept pooping rocks . A visit to the emergency clinic led to the discovery of pebbles clogging Harley 's pipes . He passed the rocks without requiring surgery , earning a bronze ham-shaped trophy , treats and an emergency pet kit . It 's a good reminder to create your own pet first-aid kit , complete with the number to your nearest after-hours veterinarian . Dead porcupine Sometimes dogs like to veer off the beaten trail and find their own adventures . That did n't disturb pet owner Brian Handwerk until his dog Scooby started throwing up quills , as in potentially fatal porcupine quills . Next time , we recommend stocking up on Scooby snacks . Package of fluorescent light bulbs Compact fluorescent bulbs require much less energy than their incandescent counterparts . But consuming a package of these green bulbs is n't so bright . MNN : 5 ways to protect your pet and your wallet from costly vet bills Deer antlers ASPCA dog trainer Kristen Collins recommends investing in a variety of chew toys to promote good dental health and prevent destructive behavior . Even though deer antlers have gained popularity as "  green " chew toys , she says that pets should be monitored during playtime . "  Supervise your dog really closely the first few times that she is chewing anything , " she warns , because broken pieces can present a choking hazard . They also can be dangerous if ingested . A cassette tape When pet owner William Yunker discovered broken shards of plastic , he knew there was a problem . Dangling under his pointer puppy Rudy 's tail , he discovered evidence of a tune gone horribly wrong . Rudy had managed to eat a cassette tape â $ " and the evidence was working its way out the other end . Stringy objects such as yarn , shoestrings or cassette tapes can become potentially fatal as they become entangled in a pet 's intestinal tract . Gastrointestinal foreign body issues rank among the top five preventable medical conditions treated at the ASPCA 'S Bergh Memorial Animal Hospital in New York . While Rudy 's case did not require surgery , it serves as the perfect cautionary tale to watch pets around bite-size items . Also , maybe it 's time for Yunker to try a digital music format . MNN : How to make pet shampoo at home Metal hanger Boredom is a common cause for destruction , says animal trainer Kristen Collins of the American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals . Mental and physical exercise can keep dogs and cats on the path to good behavior . She recommends five to 10 minutes of playtime for frisky felines . Interactive toys also keep pets mentally stimulated . Cellphone case Train pets to avoid potentially dangerous items . Collins is a proponent of the "  drop it " command . If your dog has something it its mouth , say "  Drop it " and show a high-value treat . As soon as your dog drops the item , offer praise and give the treat . Repeat this step a few times before moving on to the next stage of saying the command without showing the treat every time . Since most cats do n't respond to bribery , Collins says it 's important to be vigilant about keeping their environment safe . Remove items they are likely to find chew-worthy and stock up on cat grass or other alternatives . Dental retainer If it 's small enough for pets to swallow , it should be placed far beyond their reach . Foreign body ingestion can require costly â $ " and preventable â $ " emergency surgery . © Copyright 2011 Mother Nature Network	Each year , Veterinary Pet Insurance compiles a list of the strange things dogs eat The winner receives the annual Hambone Award for the weirdest experience In all seriousness , train your pets to avoid eating dangerous items
By the late 1960s , Bill Cosby was a married man well on his way to having five children , not to mention a landmark career in stand-up comedy , television and beyond . He was also no stranger to Playboy . Now that connection is among those coming back to him , as more and more women -- at least 21 , by CNN 's count -- accuse him of sexual misconduct . Many of them claim the legendary comedian drugged and raped them . Among Cosby 's accusers is Judy Huth , who recently sued Cosby alleging he sexually molested her at the Playboy Mansion when she was 15 years old . Another woman who worked as a server , or "  bunny , " at a Playboy club accused Cosby of forcibly kissing her , and a former Playboy playmate alleged he drugged and raped her . And , P.J. Masten , one of the two ex-bunnies who have publicly accused Cosby of sexual assault , told CNN 's Alisyn Camerota that there are other women who have not come forward , or will not . "  There are  12 former bunnies that I know of that are ashamed to come forward , frightened to come forward , married with families  and  do n't want to come forward . " Masten said . "  But they were also drugged and raped by Bill Cosby . " Cosby 's camp did n't respond to a CNN request for comment on Masten 's allegation , though his lawyer has repeatedly and strongly denied such accusations in recent weeks . Notably , too , none of the accusers is known to have immediately gone to law enforcement , nor has Cosby been ever charged with a crime . As to Playboy , Masten says she told her supervisor soon after she claimed Cosby had drugged and raped her at a Chicago hotel . "  She said to me , ` You know that 's Hef 's best friend , right ? ' " Masten recounted , referring to Playboy founder Hugh Hefner . "  I said , ` Yes . ' She said , ` Well , nobody is going to believe you . I suggest you keep your mouth shut . ' " Hefner responded to the allegations in a statement Friday , saying "  Bill Cosby has been a good friend for many years and the mere thought of these allegations is truly saddening . I would never tolerate this kind of behavior , regardless of who was involved . " The new accusations could further sully the reputation of Cosby -- the man behind children 's programming like "  Fat Albert " and "  Little Bill , " and whose eponymous No. 1 sitcom , "  The Cosby Show , " cast him as a wisecracking , doting family man . Cosby facing litany of allegations Ex-bunny : ' I was raped ' at Chicago hotel Open the centerfold of a Playboy magazine , and you might glimpse a "  playmate " oftentimes nude and sometimes living or near Hefner 's mansion in Los Angeles . P.J. Masten was a "  bunny . " Or , in other words , she was a waitress -- albeit one in 3-inch high heels , 5-inch bunny ears and a tight-fitting costume . She was in her 20s when , in 1972 , she began working at a Playboy club in northern New Jersey . Masten would end up working at similar clubs in Los Angeles and Chicago . It was in Chicago that Cosby invited her out to lunch one afternoon , even jumping behind the counter to make hot dogs . "  Everybody was in there laughing , " Masten recalled . "  It was a lot of fun . " The comedian called the next day , asking her out to dinner and to meet her at the Whitehall Hotel . Masten went up to his room -- not suspicious at all , she said -- and four of Cosby 's friends were with him watching sports , smoking cigars and playing cards . Cosby asked Masten if she wanted a cocktail before dinner , preparing a glass of Grand Marnier and ice behind her . She took it and drank it , she said . "  The next thing I knew , it was 4 o'clock in the morning , " she alleged . "  I woke up in a bed naked , bruised . He was laying next to me , and I slithered out of the bed ... I got myself together , I went downstairs , I got in a cab , and I went home . " Asked by CNN 's Camerota what she think happened , Masten did n't hesitate . "  There were bruise marks all over me , " she claimed . "  I knew I was raped . " Cosby challenged to meet accusers in court or set aside $ 100 million Several other public accusers with Playboy connection Masten said she 's been in therapy for years , trying to salve her emotional wounds . But it 's only now , about four decades later , that she 's decided to come public -- feeling compelled to act after hearing about Huth . "  That was it for me , " Masten said . "  This man has to be held accountable . He 's a serial rapist . He 's been that way since the '60s . " Huth 's story also has a Playboy connection . In her lawsuit , filed in Los Angeles Superior Court , she claims that Cosby met her and a 16-year-old friend when he was filming a movie in the Southern California city 's Lacy Park . He invited them to his tennis club , serving them alcoholic beverages there , then took them to the Playboy Mansion , according to the lawsuit . Huth claims Cosby sexually molested her after she came out of a bathroom there , alleging his actions were "  malicious , oppressive and fraudulent . " The comedian 's lawyer , Martin D. Singer , has since filed a pleading calling Huth 's claims "  absolutely false " and accusing her of attempted extortion . Another accuser , Carla Ferrigno , says she was an 18-year-old Playboy bunny when she went with a male friend to Cosby 's Beverly Hills home in 1967 and kissed her roughly after her date left the room . Playboy playmate Victoria Valentino says a friend introduced her to Cosby hoping to help her get work on his show "  I Spy " in the late 1960s . She alleges he gave her pills at dinner to "  cheer up , " after which she felt "  stoned " as he took her to another place . There , Valentino said Cosby pushed himself near her mouth , before turning her around and raping her . Asked by CNN why she did n't speak out about the incident until recently , Valentino said , "  As a playmate , I thought , who would believe me ? " Cosby thanks defenders on Twitter Lots of talk among Playboy bunnies Masten is convinced there are other women with ties to Playboy who have similar stories . She said Cosby has come up at a recent reunion of Playboy bunnies , as well as in blogs and Facebook pages restricted to them . The public allegations stirred up lots of private conversations , involving a number of women , Masten says . "  A couple of  them  private messaged me and said , ` He did me too . It happened to me , too . ' "	P.J. Masten says she was a Playboy bunny when she met comedian Bill Cosby She alleges that Cosby drugged and raped her in a Chicago hotel Masten says other former Playboy bunnies were sexually assaulted by Cosby The comedian 's camp has repeatedly , vigorously denied similar stories
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Forty seven-year-old Australian "  adrenaline junkie " Sean Langman will attempt to break the 50-knot sailing speed barrier with his half sailboat , half plane , after a serious crash last summer . The half sailboat , half plane uses technology known as supercavitation -- sailing just above the water 's edge . Langman , a shipyard owner and yachtsman , is intent on beating the French-set record within the next few weeks , with the "  Wot Rocket , " a canoe-style pod with a nine meter-long rigid sail . The Wot Rocket is waiting for confirmation from the World Sailing Speed Record Council to attempt , once again , an unprecedented technology known as "  supercavitation " -- sailing just above the water in a gas bubble created by the deflection of water . This is to to reduce the drag which is around 1,000 times greater in the water than in the air . "  Wot Rocket is so exciting as we push to sail up to three times the speed of the wind , " Langman told CNN . In October last year Langman and his co-pilot crashed when they lost control of the vessel at 42 knots -- over 60 miles per hour . But after re-building and perfecting the vessel at a cost of half a million dollars , Langman is ready to try again . "  The exhilaration of sailing/flying is so big , you do n't think about danger , " he told CNN . Langman is certain that this time around he will beat the record . "  My only concern is we wo n't be able to keep control of the craft . " In case the pilots crash again , Langman says the most thing is to remain calm . "  Last time I felt a mild panic as we were underwater . I just hoped the paramedics would get there in time . "  But really I feel very safe doing anything on water as that what I 've done my whole life . I feel most ` in tune ' when I 'm on water , " he added . The idea for Wot Rocket was conceived four years ago by Langman after he was inspired by the story of Burt Munro , the New Zealander who set a world land speed record on his modified Indian Scout motorcycle in 1967 -- played by Antony Hopkins in the 2005 Hollywood movie "  The World 's Fastest Indian . " Do you think the wotrocket can beat the record ? "  I came up with the idea in the shower . So I presented it to a group of engineers and said ` this is what I believe . ' Most said I 'm a lunatic but one said ' I want to work with you ' . " Langman joined forces with leading Australian designer Andy Dovell and sought input from Boeing 747 pilots for their aeronautical knowledge . He then had the "  Wot Rocket " built using the staff and facilities at his various Shipyards . Finally , he teamed up with Wotif.com founder Graeme Wood who invested in the project because , as he explained , he "  likes leftfield ideas . " "  My family think I 'm crazy , but every time I 've had an idea it 's taken me somewhere . It 's really about ideas versus science and trying to make it work , " Langman explained . "  And no one remembers the second man to walk on the moon . "	Half sailboat , half plane will attempt to break the 50-knot sailing speed barrier Pilot Sean Langman crashed dangerously last year but is confident he can make it "  Wot Rocket " uses technology called "  supercavitation : " sailing just above the water
CNN  -- The U.S. government pleaded Saturday for North Korean authorities to release 85-year-old Merrill Newman , with a spokeswoman saying officials are "  deeply concerned " about him and another American being held in the isolated East Asian nation . "  Given Mr. Newman 's advanced age and health conditions , we urge  North Korea  to release Mr. Newman so he may return home and reunite with his family , " said National Security Council spokeswoman Caitlin Hayden . Washington 's plea came on the day North Korean state media released print stories and video showing what they called Newman 's "  apology . " University of California , Berkeley professor Steven Weber characterized it as "  highly scripted political theater . " So how did an elderly retired financial consultant and Korean War veteran become the central figure in an international dispute ? Why is there such animosity still tied to a conflict , the Korean War , that ended six decades ago ? And why is this all unfolding now ? Weber , a former consultant to the U.S. Commission on National Security , has a theory : "  They are trying to get the Western media to pay attention . " With the notable exception of its longtime ally China , North Korea is in many ways a pariah state bogged down by what many view as decades of repressive leadership . At the same time , the communist nation has had difficulties getting enough energy to power their country and food for their people . Largely shut off from the rest of the world , its leaders and state media often use saber-rattling rhetoric to unite citizens against what Weber described as "  nasty outsiders " -- which , not coincidentally , are chiefly South Korea and the United States , just as during the Korean War . The discord in recent years has centered mostly on North Korea 's nuclear and missile programs , with the international community taking punitive measures such as economic sanctions to hold Pyongyang in check . North Korea has n't been alone . Iran , too , has long been an international target because of its nuclear program , though that landscape has changed with the recent diplomatic accord . That fact may not be lost on Pyongyang , said Weber , who surmised North Korea may be particularly eager to get the world 's focus and , ideally , concessions in the process . Added Weber : "  If the Iran thing gets settled peacefully , then guess who 's left ? " Wife , son beg for his release Elderly man not only American detained Newman is not the only American being detained in North Korea . In her statement , Hayden also asked for the release of Kenneth Bae , who was arrested in November 2012 in North Korea . Last May , Bae was sentenced to 15 years of hard labor after North Korea 's government found him guilty of "  hostile acts " and attempts to topple the government . "  We are thankful that the White House has advocated for the release of both Mr. Newman and my brother , Kenneth Bae , " said Terri Chung , Bae 's sister . "  It has been a devastating experience for my brother and my family , so we pray every day for his release . Now we 're including Mr. Newman in our prayers . We can not forget about these two men . For every action that the US government takes toward his release , we are thankful . " Chung has said Bae suffers from chronic health conditions that require doctors ' care , including hypertension , diabetes and an enlarged heart . On Monday , Chung said ailments her brother suffered before his detainment -- back problems and radiating leg pain -- worsened while he was forced to work long hours daily in a labor camp . He has lost 50 pounds since he was detained , she added . The Bae family has been in "  sheer pain and agony " since his detainment , Chung said . Other detained Americans Unique case Newman 's age , and the circumstances surrounding his detention , are unique . According to his family , the Palo Alto , California , resident had gone on a 10-day organized private tour of North Korea in October . From phone calls and postcards he sent , the trip was going well and there was no indication of any kind of problem , son Jeff Newman said . The day before he was to leave , "  one or two Korean authorities " met with Newman and his tour guide , the son added . They talked about Newman 's service record , which left "  my dad ... a bit bothered , " according to Jeff Newman . Then , just minutes before his Beijing-bound plane was set to depart Pyongyang in late October , he was taken off the aircraft by North Korean authorities . Newman 's weeks-long detention is complicated by the fact that , according to his son Jeff , he suffers from a heart condition . Sweden 's ambassador to North Korea visited Newman on Saturday where he is being held at Pyongyang 's Yanggakdo Hotel and delivered his medication , his family said . "  As a result of the visit , we know that Merrill is in good health , " the family added . "  Merrill reports that he is being well treated and that the food is good . " The Newmans went on to thank the ambassador and "  express appreciation for the cooperation of the DPRK government in allowing the visit to take place . " "  We are asking that the DPRK authorities take into account his health and his age and , as an act of humanitarian compassion , allow him to depart immediately for home , " the family said . "  All of us want this ordeal to end and for the 85-year-old head of our extended family to be with us once more . " Reported apology : ' I have been guilty of big crimes ' Until Saturday , the North Korean government had n't said why it held Newman . American accused of spying issues ` apology ' The explanation came in the form of a published apology from Newman , as well as accompanying images of him thumbprinting his handwritten note and talking about his experiences . Atop the first of the four pages is the word "  apology , " according to video released by North Korea . The end of the last page is dated November 9 -- indicating Newman made his reported admission more than 20 days ago . Why might Pyongyang have waited 21 days , then , to make the admission public ? That 's another one of the mysteries surrounding this case . In the note , Newman talked about his having advised the Kuwol Unit , part of the "  intelligence bureau " fighting against Pyongyang in the Korean War . He detailed how he commanded troops to collect "  information " and wage various deadly attacks . "  After I killed so many civilians and  North Korean  soldiers and destroyed strategic objects in the DPRK during the Korean War , I committed indelible offensive acts against the DPRK government and Korean people , " Newman said , according to the "  apology " reported by KCNA . The reported message also touches on his return 60 years later to North Korea , admitting that he "  shamelessly ... had a plan to meet any surviving soldiers and pray for the souls of the dead soldiers . " "  I have been guilty of big crimes against the DPRK government and the Korean people again , " Newman adds in the "  apology . " His statement ends : "  If I go back to  the  USA , I will tell the true features of the DPRK and the life the Korean people are leading . " In addition to this statement , KCNA ran a story alleging Newman came to North Korea with a tourist group in October and afterward "  perpetrated acts of infringing upon the dignity and sovereignty of the DPRK and slandering its socialist system . " This story claimed that Newman tried to "  look for spies and terrorists who conducted espionage and subversive activities against the DPRK . " Investigators determined that , as a member of the U.S. military , he "  masterminded espionage and subversive activities ... and , in this course , he was involved in the killings of service personnel of the Korean People 's Army and innocent civilians . " "  The investigation clearly proved Newman 's hostile acts against the DPRK , and they were backed by evidence , " the KCNA story added . "  He admitted all his crimes . " Is American man a bargaining chip ? Newman 's fate , North Korea 's thinking unclear Just five days ago , his wife , Lee , said she hoped he would be home for Thanksgiving . "  We need to have Merrill back at the head of the table for the holidays , " Lee Newman told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer . "  And we ask -- respectfully -- for them to release him and let him come home . " One day before Thanksgiving , Rep. Charlie Rangel -- who himself was wounded fighting in the Korean War -- released a letter urging North Korean leader Kim Jong Un "  to release him immediately . " Noting Newman 's medical issues , the New York Democrat implored Kim to "  have the heart to reunite him with his loved ones and those who can provide proper care . " Rangel also reflected on the 1950s war , as well as the current state of affairs between the key players . "  I believe that Mr. Newman , like myself and others who have fought during the Korean War six decades ago , wants to see a united Korea in our lifetime , " wrote the congressman . "  While progress has been slow on the political front , I am confident it can be advanced on humanitarian grounds . " So will there be fresh movement in Newman 's case ? Will his reported apology pave the way for his release or will it be followed , like Bae , with a lengthy prison sentence ? As of Saturday , nobody -- at least nobody outside of North Korea -- seems to know . As Weber , the Berkeley professor said : "  When it comes to North Korea , nobody knows very much . " CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter , Ashley Killough and Nancy Baker contributed to this report .	Merrill Newman was detained in North Korea in October , after a trip to the Asian nation State news said he "  apologized " for crimes , including killings during Korean War Family of another detained American thanks the White House for seeking their release An expert says that North Korea is trying to get the world 's attention
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Forget the red-hot property market of mainland China -- a new forecast says investors should be looking south . Jakarta -- Indonesia 's burgeoning capital of nearly 10 million people -- is predicted to be Asia 's top real estate market in 2013 , ahead of cities such as Hong Kong , Singapore and Sydney in "  Emerging Trends in Real Estate -- Asia Pacific 2013 , " a real estate forecast released this week by PriceWaterhouseCoopers and the Washington D.C.-based Urban Land Institute . The recommendation to buy into Jakarta-based property may raise eyebrows , but PriceWatershouseCoopers says Indonesia 's economic turnaround over the past few years has impressed international investors . "  Interest rates and inflation are under control , and while GDP is growing at around 6.5 % annually , foreign direct investment is increasing at a much higher rateâ $ " 39 % in the first half of this year , " the survey said . "  Driven by increased demand from foreigners and locals alike , office rents shot up 29 % year-on-year in the third quarter , according to  property services firm  DTZ . " That growth in demand helped Jakarta jump 10 places from its 2011 ranking but PwC warns the city 's real estate scene is not entirely rosy . Difficulties in finding inexpensive bank loans , trustworthy local partners and land with disputed ownership all mean "  caveat emptor " -- buyer beware . China 's financial hub of Shanghai keeps its number two spot from last year . The PwC survey says the city 's retail property sector is heating up as investors shift away from the commercial sector , traditionally "  the bread-and-butter investment for foreign funds in China for many years . " But PwC adds that foreigners are generally not as tempted to buy into Shanghai property as they were in the past . The major reasons : a real estate market that is already saturated , the rarity of commercial-grade investment buildings and Chinese regulators that are not as welcoming to foreign money as in years past . The tiny city-state of Singapore , traditionally a safe bet for real estate plays , comes in a close third , falling from last year 's first place . PwC credits the Lion City 's strong position as an Asian financial hub , an uninterrupted supply of real estate projects and continued demand for high-grade office space as the country attracts more employees from multinational firms . Put simply , both supply and demand for Singapore property is expected to stay strong in 2013 , PwC reports . Asia-Pacific 's Top 15 Asian Investment Prospects for 2013 1 . Jakarta , Indonesia 2 . Shanghai , China 3 . Singapore , Singapore 4 . Sydney , Australia 5 . Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia 6 . Bangkok , Thailand 7 . Beijing , China 8 . China -- secondary cities  Chongqing , Tianjin , Shenyang 9 . Taipei , Taiwan 10 . Melbourne , Australia 11 . Hong Kong , China 12 . Manila , Philippines 13 . Tokyo , Japan 14 . Seoul , South Korea 15 . Guangzhou , China At number 13 , the real estate outlook for Tokyo signifies a ratings downgrade from "  generally good " prospects to "  fair " prospects . PwC says the ranking for Japan 's capital is surprisingly "  lackluster . " "  Though investment potential appears good , investors have found deal flows restricted by the ongoing reluctance of local banks to clear bad debt from their balance sheets . A wide bid/ask spread has also limited transaction volumes . " The forecast 's lowest-ranked city for real estate investment in 2013 is Osaka and ranks at the bottom in most survey categories , from investment and development prospects to office buy/sell recommendations . One major reason is a glut of new office space that is still being completed . At the same time , PwC says "  in small regional cities such as Osaka , investors simply do not know where the bottom is because of uncertain demand . " The silver lining is that Osaka 's four-year oversupply of office space is coming to an end , PwC says .	Indonesia 's capital Jakarta is predicted to be Asia 's top real estate market in 2013 With increasing GDP and foreign investment , Jakarta jumped up 10 places since 2011 Singapore got bumped to third place , from first place last year Japan 's Osaka is the forecast 's lowest-ranked city for real estate investment next year
MOUNT KENYA , Kenya  CNN  -- For as long as anyone cares to remember , the pastoralists of Kenya 's Rift Valley have fled with their herds to the fertile slopes of Mount Kenya when times are tough . Hundreds of dead cattle litter the slopes of Mount Kenya , fatally weakened by long treks to the region . When the rains failed this year they set off once again in search of water and pasture -- but they found only despair . "  I could have stayed home , or I could have come here , but it is all the same . All that you find is death , " said Peraguan Lesagut , an aging pastoralist who came five months ago with his herd . After years of persistent drought Lesagut left his two wives and 16 children and drove 200 cattle to the foothills of Mount Kenya -- Africa 's second highest summit . Now , only 40 are left ; the rest succumbing to cold , disease and exposure . Across the folds of this mountain everyone has the same story . Hundreds of dead cattle dot the forests , young herdsmen try to coax ailing calves onto their feet , knowing that if they do n't get up , they will die . "  I am hopeless because I have seen almost all of my animals die , " Lesagut said . "  If the rains are delayed for even another week two , then I will lose everything . " Millions of Kenyans are facing the same stark reality . The World Food Program  WFP  says that , together with the Kenyan government , they will need to feed 3.8 million people across the country . Successive years of failed crops , drought and erratic rains caused by climate change have all had an impact . Somalia , Ethiopia and Djibouti all face similar crises . Despite this , the U.N. agency says that its emergency programs are facing massive shortfalls . "  We are facing a really difficult situation . We realize that the world economic crisis has affected the amount that countries can give to us , " says WFP spokesperson Gabrielle Menezes , "  But at the same time we are seeing an awful situation in Kenya . If we do n't start feeding people now , things are only going to get worse . " For many Kenyan farmers , the situation is already bad enough . Eunice Wairimu has seen four successive crops fail . This is harvest time in Kenya but her corn plants barely reach her knees and she will have to use her meager harvest as animal feed . "  I do n't even like to go to my farm because I become very upset , " she said . "  There is nothing for me to get there for my family . " Wairimu used to sell her surplus , but now she depends on food rations . She accepts them grudgingly . "  According to our tribal culture , we are n't used to being given food . We have always been willing to work hard . If it is the will of God to bring rain , he will bring rain . But he also brings drought . "	Millions of rural Kenyans at risk of starvation because of drought , crop failure Somalia , Ethiopia and Djibouti all face similar crises , World Food Program says Hundreds of dead cattle dot landscape , driven in search of pasture by herdsmen WFP warns situation will get worse unless shortfalls in resources addressed
CNN  Much like the ardent young royal-watchers of today , enamored by the Duchess of Cambridge 's very being , I was similarly captivated by Diana , Princess of Wales when I was a youngster . She was a rare breed : stunningly beautiful , immediately accessible , witty , charming and endearingly mischievous -- she was one in a million . Of course that was long before the , "  there were three of us in this marriage , so it was a bit crowded , " interviews and tell-all books alleging suicide attempts and acts of betrayal , but back then I was unaware of her more scandalous infamy . I simply adored her ... I still do . As the world awaits the impending birth of William and Kate 's second baby , potential names have become the topic of rampant speculation and heated debate . Girls ' names are causing the biggest stir , as there seems to be a belief that the couple are expecting a princess . If the assumptions are correct , she will be the first Princess of Cambridge born into the royal family in 182 years . The birth of any baby is cause for celebration , but given recent changes in the laws of succession , her arrival would be a historical one . In choosing a name , titled royals tend to turn to the family tree , rather than a well-thumbed copy of "  1,001 Best Baby Names " like the rest of us . Traditionally they pick dynastic names , and there are plenty to choose from : Elizabeth , Alice , Victoria and Charlotte have all been frontrunners , but the sentimental favorite among punters remains Diana . In a recent Today Show poll , 32 % of Americans predicted the name was a shoo-in , and in the UK the bookies ' odds of a baby named after her late grandmother change almost daily as Diana becomes an increasingly popular choice . That said , in the event the couple do welcome a baby girl , I would hope that they do not opt to name her Diana . Today Diana 's name is as divisive as the very institution of monarchy itself : while some have virtually sainted her , others have been vehemently critical , accusing her of being childish , unhinged and self-serving . Contrary to popular belief the Queen was very fond of Diana , but should her name be bestowed as a first name upon the baby , it would be perceived as a slap in the face to the monarchy . In the years since Earl Spencer 's scathing attack on the Windsors at Diana 's funeral , the nation has moved on and Diana 's legacy has been celebrated . She has become a part of royal history . Her memory has been preserved , and the royal family is once again enjoying a renewed sense of popularity . Out of respect to the Queen , Charles , Camilla and the baby herself the couple simply would n't do it . Diana 's name conjures up both positive and negative responses the world over , and whichever side of the fence you 're on , the moniker seems to me an almighty burden for a newborn baby to carry . Since Diana 's death almost 18 years ago , William has honored his mother 's memory in a private and personal fashion . He has taken on many of her patronages and continued to champion her causes . At his wedding in 2011 the Bishop of London , Richard Chartres , a close friend of Diana and executor of her will , gave the address . The hymn Guide Me O Thou Great Redeemer , which was sung at both Diana 's funeral in 1997 and at the memorial marking the tenth anniversary of her death in 2007 , was chosen for the royal wedding . Julia Samuel , another close friend of Diana , was asked to serve as Godmother to Prince George . William chose Kensington Palace , his own childhood home , to be the primary residence for his family , and in perhaps the most public acknowledgment of his mother 's memory , he gave Kate Diana 's engagement ring . William does n't need to name his second-born child after his mother in order to honour her ; he does so by being a good husband and father . I still miss Diana . She was a one-off , and I do n't believe the world will ever witness another quite like her . Daily comparisons to her late mother-in-law are already Kate 's cross to bear . Should n't a baby girl be spared the same fate ? Diana 's tragic , untimely death and iconic status will ensure her memory is kept alive for generations to come . She would n't want her granddaughter to languish in her shadow . She would want her to go out into the world , to make her own mark and help those less fortunate , to enrich the lives of others and to carve out her own unique identity -- as Alice , Elizabeth , Victoria , Charlotte , or -- my own personal pick -- Alexandra .	As William and Kate await the arrival of their second child , speculation is rife as to what he or she will be named Royal expert Victoria Arbiter argues that naming a newborn princess after Diana would put too much pressure on her
Waistlines drop , hemlines rise , but the domestic drama never wavers . And there 's an outfit for everything . That 's the case at Downton Abbey , the fictional estate at the center of the hit British period drama . Costumes from the show have been transported across the pond to one of America 's great houses , where visitors can compare and contrast the lifestyles of the very rich in Britain and America . The exhibition "  Costumes of Downton Abbey " opens March 1 at Winterthur , the historic Delaware estate where American industrialist Henry Francis du Pont lived and entertained lavishly in the early part of the 20th century . "  Winterthur was run kind of like a great resort hotel in its heyday . There were 34 indoor servants , and that was really to take care of Mr. and Mrs. du Pont , their two daughters and their house guests when they came to visit , " said Jeff Groff , director of public programs at Winterthur and one of the exhibit 's curators . The "  Downton " exhibit features 40 costumes worn upstairs and downstairs by the fictional Earl of Grantham , Robert Crawley , his family and their staff of servants . The costumes are on loan from Cosprop , a prominent costumier for film , theater and television . The "  Downton Abbey " series has moved from its start in 1912 into the Jazz Age of the 1920s , and the exquisite costumes have evolved with the times . In women 's dresses , "  what we 're really seeing through the seasons is the waistline dropping and the hem beginning to rise , " Groff said . The shape of women 's wear also changes , with sinuous form-flattering silhouettes giving way to less structured clothing . ` Downton ' in America : 6 big estates "  By the 1920s , you 've got all of these loose-hanging , very short dresses , " said Linda Eaton , Winterthur 's director of collections and senior curator of textiles . "  Fashion history is following right along with cultural history in terms of votes for women , women working outside of the home , women needing the ability for movement , losing their corsets , more natural silhouettes , less underclothing , " Eaton said . Men 's clothing changes far less on the show , Groff said . Tweeds worn at the time are still popular today in different cuts . Lord Grantham and his gentlemen contemporaries wore tweed suits around their country estates in the daytime . They would not , however , have worn tweeds to town . "  There was kind of a catchphrase at the time of ` no brown in town , ' " Groff said . Things had loosened up a bit by the 1920s and "  Downton 's " season four , which just concluded for U.S. television audiences . Black tie was becoming an alternative -- in certain less formal circumstances -- to white tie and tails in the evening . The exhibit contrasts country house life in Britain and the United States using fictional Downton and real-life Winterthur . The differences ? For one , Americans have long loved their technology . "  Americans love the history and style of Britain and the sporting life and kind of the gentleman 's lifestyle , but Americans were completely devoted to the latest technology , modern conveniences and comfortable living . " 8 elegant U.S. mansion hotels Winterthur had its own telephone system with 95 exchanges by the time it was overhauled by Henry Francis du Pont in the early 1930s . It also had central heating and 23 bathrooms . In "  Downton Abbey , " anxiety accompanies the arrival of technological advances for many of the characters . Bringing the latest technology to American estates was easier , Eaton said , because homes were newer and successive generations were likely to regularly renovate to put their own stamp on the home . America 's melting pot was also evident at Winterthur when the du Pont family was in residence , with a Swedish valet and a French ladies maid among many nationalities represented in the household . "  The diversity of nationalities who work in these great houses really reflects the diversity of nationalities who were coming to America , " Groff said . In Britain , servants had more direct ties to local villages and tenant farms . What newly wealthy Americans lacked in centuries-old tradition , they made up for in money . "  By the late 19th century the Americans were the ones with all the money , " said Eaton . "  Downton Abbey " illustrates that wealth through Lord Grantham 's American wife Cora , whose fortune has kept the estate from ruin , and her mother -- who occasionally sails in from New York sporting the very latest fashions . "  Wealthy Americans were not at all behind , " Eaton said . "  They traveled , they frequented all of the best couture designers in both London and Paris . " Yet the American fascination with all things British is still very much alive and well . The exhibition is on view at Winterthur through January 2015 . The museum recommends advance purchase of the timed tickets . Entry to the exhibit is included in general admission , which is $ 20 for adults .	Exhibit of "  Downton Abbey " costumes opening in Delaware Winterthur , the estate of an American industrialist , is hosting the show 40 costumes worn upstairs and downstairs are on display with scenes from the show
London  CNN  -- A bold project to explore an ancient lake trapped beneath an Antarctic glacier for up to half a million years may reveal the limits at which life can exist . The British project , run by a consortium of two environmental research centers and eight universities , will involve drilling through 3 km  1.86 miles  of ice in one of the world 's most hostile locations to extract water and sediment samples from Lake Ellsworth , situated deep beneath a glacier on the West Antarctic Ice Shelf . Ellsworth , about 10 km  6.2 miles  long and 2-3 km wide , is one of about 400 subglacial lakes on the frozen continent , which maintain their liquid form due to pressure from above and heat from the Earth below . Read : Sci-fi writers to help scientists imagine the future Scientists believe some of these isolated lakes could be home to micro-organisms unknown to science , potentially holding secrets to the origins and limits of life on Earth . This knowledge could in turn hold clues about the possible conditions for extraterrestrial life , in locations such as the bodies of water thought to exist beneath the surfaces of icy moons of Saturn and Jupiter . "  It will help us define where things can live , and that could guide or inform our investigations for life on other planets , " said David Pearce , a microbiologist for the British Antarctic Survey . Read : $ 1B mission to reach the Earth 's mantle Scientists do not know what they will discover , but believe they may find bacteria , viruses , single-celled microorganisms and complex cell organisms called eukaryotes . A less likely , but more scientifically intriguing scenario is that the ancient lake is completely lifeless , going against the prevailing rule that wherever there is water , there is life . "  That in some ways would be more exciting , because it would give us the limits for life as we know if on the earth , " said Pearce . "  There are even active organisms in clouds . " The project has been 16 years in the making for the University of Bristol 's Martin Siegert , the project 's principal investigator . Read : Scientists to simulate human brain inside supercomputer "  What we 're doing is testing that relationship between life and water in probably the most extreme place that we can , " he said . "  These are isolated pockets of water that have been removed from the atmosphere for some time , under complete darkness and quite high pressures , without that common communication with fluid transport or atmospheric transport with the rest of the planet . The buffer is the ice sheet above it . " Siegert said sediment samples from the lake floor should also contain information about the planet 's changing climate , including the age of the West Antarctic Ice Sheet , and the approximate timing and conditions of any previous collapse . Opinion : How the search for aliens can help sustain life on Earth "  If we can determine sediments that were deposited before the ice sheet was in place , then we can date that sediment and that can give us an estimation , " he said . Siegert , who named the lake in 2004 after the American polar explorer Lincoln Ellsworth , has wanted to explore Antarctica 's subglacial frontier since 1996 . But it has taken until now to develop the specialized technology the team of engineers and scientists believe will allow them to penetrate the ice sheet without contaminating the pristine waters beneath . Using space age "  clean technology " -- claimed to be as sterile as surgical equipment -- the team will blast through the ice with a hot water drill at a temperature of 90 degrees Celsius . Using the heat and pressure of the water , the drill will operate for three days to create a 360 mm borehole , which will shrink in diameter by 6 mm an hour as it refreezes . Ice and water from the site will be recycled as drilling fluid , to reduce the potential for contamination . The team will be left with 24 hours to complete the sampling before the borehole -- at 3 km , the deepest ever made using this method -- refreezes . A titanium probe , which took three years to develop , will be lowered into the borehole , and a small coring device at its tip will be inserted a few centimeters into the lake floor sediment at the bottom . The probe will then collect 50 ml samples at intervals as it rises , with sensors feeding data back to the team to determine the optimal locations to collect samples . The first stage of the project took place at the start of the year , when an advance party of engineers braved temperatures of -35 degrees Celsius to tow nearly 70 tonnes of equipment and supplies more than 250 km  155 miles  over deep snow and crevasses through the Ellsworth mountain range to the drilling site . The equipment was "  winterized , " and fitted with GPS transmitters so it could be relocated later beneath flurries of windblown snow . The team hopes to begin drilling on December 14 with the first samples brought to the surface by December 18 . But treacherous conditions on the ice mean their schedule is at the mercy of the elements . Nevertheless , Siegert is confident of success . "  It 's taken us a long time of planning but we are in a wonderful place , " he said . The team 's progress can be followed on its website , on Facebook and Twitter .	A British scientific expedition plans to probe a lake beneath a glacier in Antarctica Lake Ellsworth in West Antarctica may have been isolated for up to half a million years Scientists believe it may yield clues about the limits of life on Earth , and climate change
CNN  -- Former Sen. Tom Daschle has withdrawn his nomination to head the Department of Health and Human Services , according to a statement Tuesday from the White House . Former Sen. Tom Daschle apologized for making mistakes on his tax records . Daschle had been fighting to save his nomination after controversy over his tax records and questions over his work in a field that some consider lobbying . In a statement announcing his withdrawal , Daschle said it was an honor to be chosen to lead the reform of America 's health care system . "  But if 30 years of exposure to the challenges inherent in our system has taught me anything , it has taught me that this work will require a leader who can operate with the full faith of Congress and the American people , and without distraction , " he said . "  Right now , I am not that leader , and will not be a distraction . The focus of Congress should be on the urgent business of moving the president 's economic agenda forward , including affordable health care for every American . " Watch what the administration loses with Daschle 's withdrawal " The Obama administration had stood by his side , and fellow Democrats lined up behind him , but Daschle 's problems , coupled with other nominees ' issues , gave critics ammunition to question President Obama 's call for a "  new era of responsibility . " The president said Tuesday he accepts Daschle 's decision "  with sadness and regret . " "  Tom made a mistake , which he has openly acknowledged . He has not excused it , nor do I . But that mistake , and this decision , can not diminish the many contributions Tom has made to this country , from his years in the military to his decades of public service . Now we must move forward , with our plan to lift this economy and put people back to work , " Obama said in a statement . However , in an interview with CNN 's Anderson Cooper later Tuesday , Obama said he made a mistake in handling the nomination of Daschle . "  I think I screwed up . And , I take responsibility for it and we 're going to make sure we fix it so it does n't happen again . "  Ultimately , I campaigned on changing Washington and bottom-up politics , " Obama said . "  And I do n't want to send a message to the American people that there are two sets of standards -- one for powerful people and one for ordinary folks who are working every day and paying their taxes . " Daschle 's resignation came hours after Nancy Killefer 's withdrawal as Obama 's chief performance officer , a new post in the administration . View past Cabinet nominees who withdrew " Officials said privately the reason for Killefer 's withdrawal was unspecified tax issues . The much-touted post was designed to scrub the federal budget . iReport.com : Share your thoughts on Obama 's cabinet choices Daschle , the former Senate majority leader , apologized Monday for failing to pay his taxes in full . He said earlier he was "  deeply embarrassed " for a series of errors that included failing to report $ 15,000 in charitable donations , unreported car service and more than $ 80,000 in unreported income from consulting . Daschle recently filed amended tax returns and paid more than $ 140,000 in back taxes and interest for 2005-2007 . A New York Times editorial on Tuesday called for Daschle to withdraw . The paper 's editorial board particularly took issue with Daschle saying he identified the unpaid taxes in June but did not pay them until his nomination for the top post at the Department of Health and Human Services . The editorial also criticized Daschle for generating a sizable income from health-related industries while working in the private sector . Watch how Daschle 's consulting work also caused some concern " "  Mr. Daschle is another in a long line of politicians who move cozily between government and industry . We do n't know that his industry ties would influence his judgments on health issues , but they could potentially throw a cloud over health care reform , " the editorial said . Shortly after news of the tax quandary broke , a number of Democratic senators released statements expressing their support for Daschle , including Sens. John Kerry of Massachusetts , Charles Schumer of New York , Patrick Leahy of Vermont and Edward Kennedy of Massachusetts . In their opinions , Daschle identified the problem and corrected it . Daschle 's supporters said that given his record of three decades of public service , he was still the right man for the job . "  One can not underestimate how widely admired Tom Daschle is in Washington for his integrity , for his public service . And many , many Democrats look to him as one of the favorite people . He 's got a lot of support in this White House , starting with the president , " said David Gergen , a senior political analyst for CNN . Obama and Daschle have a longstanding relationship . Daschle endorsed Obama for the Democratic presidential nomination in February 2007 -- nearly 11 months before the first contest . Daschle was also considered to be a contender for Obama 's No. 2 spot . Daschle also has a history with members of Congress . He represented South Dakota in the House of Representatives for four terms , and he served in the Senate for three terms . He was the Senate majority leader from June 2001 to January 2003 , and was the minority leader before losing his re-election bid in 2004 . Daschle 's work in his post-Senate years was also a point of contention on his path to confirmation . After leaving the Senate , Daschle went on to serve as a special public policy adviser at the law firm Alston & Bird . According to the firm 's Web site , Daschle advised clients on "  issues related to financial services , health care , energy , telecommunications and taxes . " His work , for which he reportedly made millions , seemed to contradict Obama 's strict rules on lobbyists working in his administration . Promising "  a new era of openness in our country , " Obama signed executive orders relating to ethics guidelines for staff members as one of his first acts in office . "  If you are a lobbyist entering my administration , you will not be able to work on matters you lobbied on , or in the agencies you lobbied during the previous two years , " the president said . The administration had defended its choice of Daschle , pointing out that he was not technically a lobbyist . "  If you 're not registered to lobby , you ca n't be a lobbyist , " said White House press secretary Robert Gibbs , according to Time.com . Time.com : When is a lobbyist not a lobbyist ? Daschle and Kellifer were not the first of Obama 's nominees to come under scrutiny . Before Tim Geithner was confirmed as treasury secretary , he was questioned over concerns involving his personal taxes and the immigration status of a former housekeeper . New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson also withdrew his nomination to be commerce secretary , citing the distraction of a federal investigation into ties to a company that has done business with his state . Given Obama 's pledge for "  unprecedented transparency , rigorous oversight and clear accountability , " some said the controversy surrounding Obama 's appointments are calling into question the president 's vetting process . "  Mr. President , your picks to help run the federal government do n't have to be perfect , but is it too much to ask that they pay like everyone else , to keep that same government functioning ? And more importantly , that they do n't wait until everyone , including you , is watching ? " CNN 's Campbell Brown wrote in a commentary . Read the commentary Asked if the president is embarrassed by the slew of appointment problems , Gibbs was quick to negate that idea . "  No , I do n't think that -- that we believe there 's any problem in the vetting , " Gibbs said Monday . CNN 's Ed Henry and Kristi Keck contributed to this report .	NEW : President Obama accepts Tom Daschle 's decision "  with sadness and regret " Daschle 's nomination questioned due to tax problems , work in recent years Move follows withdrawal of Obama 's pick for chief performance officer Daschle has long history with Congress , was Senate majority leader
Washington  CNN  -- 3M Company has abandoned its plan to acquire a competitor who sells labels and sticky notes after the government said it would fight the proposed merger , the Justice Department announced Tuesday . The Justice Department said the 3M agreement with Avery Dennison Corp. would have left Avery without its brand or the sales and distribution system necessary to compete effectively in the sticky notes market . "  We welcome the companies ' decision to abandon this deal , which raised competitive concerns in the sale of labels and sticky notes , " said Joseph Wayland , acting assistant attorney general in charge of the Antitrust Division . The Justice Department investigation found that 3M and Avery have dominated in certain office products for many years . Avery was tops in labels and 3M was ahead in sticky notes sold under its Post-it brand . Justice officials said the competitive battle between the two companies for labels and sticky notes saved customers millions of dollars .	3M had planned merger with rival note-maker Avery Justice Department says deal would have been bad for competition Justice says the firms ' fight for the labels and sticky notes market saves customers millions
London  CNN  -- British Prime Minister David Cameron has ordered an investigation of the Muslim Brotherhood over concerns about its alleged links to violent extremism , his Downing Street office said Tuesday . Cameron has commissioned an internal government review of the "  philosophy , activities and impact " on British national interests at home and abroad and the UK 's policy toward the movement . "  The Muslim Brotherhood has risen in prominence in recent years but our understanding of the organization -- its philosophy and values -- has not kept pace with this , " a Downing Street spokesman said in a written statement . "  Given the concerns now being expressed about the group and its alleged links to violent extremism , it 's absolutely right and prudent that we get a better handle of what the Brotherhood stands for , how they intend to achieve their aims and what that means for Britain . " The review will be led by Britain 's Ambassador to Saudi Arabia , Sir John Jenkins . The Brotherhood has long had a presence in London , but there have been reports that a significant number of prominent members have fled to the British capital from Egypt . On its official English Twitter account , the Muslim Brotherhood said it "  welcomes any investigations by the British government into its UK activities , past & present , which are all within the law . " Egypt crackdown Cairo 's military-installed government has declared the Muslim Brotherhood a terrorist group . Saudi Arabia has followed suit . The Brotherhood was founded in Egypt in 1928 and , despite years of repression , remains the largest Islamist movement in the Middle East . It returned to prominence during the Arab Spring uprisings in 2011 . There has been a crackdown on the movement , and ensuing political turmoil , since the army ousted Mohamed Morsy , Egypt 's first democratically elected president , in July . Egyptian authorities have blamed the Brotherhood for a campaign of violence since . The group insists it remains an entirely peaceful organization , but is accused of being behind a wave of deadly attacks on the police and military . A separate militant group , Ansar Beit al-Maqdis , which the United States has designated a terrorist group , has been blamed for attacks in Egypt 's Sinai Peninsula . It claimed responsibility in January for four blasts that killed at least six people in and around Cairo . Morsy and many other senior figures are imprisoned , facing charges that could lead to the death penalty . Mass trials of his supporters , which have already resulted in an unprecedented number of death sentences , have drawn widespread criticism from international human rights groups . What is the Muslim Brotherhood ? 528 Muslim Brotherhood supporters sentenced to death in Egypt	British PM David Cameron has commissioned a government review of the group The review is to look at the movement 's effect on British interests Egypt has declared the Muslim Brotherhood a terrorist group The Egyptian army ousted President Mohamed Morsy , of the Brotherhood , last year
CNN  -- In October , when her newspaper merged with a competitor , Jamie Smith was laid off . "  I became one of the thousands -- maybe millions -- of people in the United States who became displaced , " she told CNN iReport in December . "  Due to nothing of my fault , really no one 's fault ; it 's the economy right now . " Smith , 30 , who lives in Bentonville , Arkansas , began collecting unemployment and looked for opportunities to write on a freelance basis . She also decided to create her own public relations company Through the first few months of the year , her goals seemed on track . She was writing for a variety of publications and a spring expo that she 'd planned to launch her business was sold out . But in April , she ruptured her appendix . Complications developed , including the onset of gangrene , and she had to spend two weeks in the hospital . "  Basically , life halted , " she said . Watch as Jamie talks about her hospitalization on CNN iReport Luckily , her husband had "  great insurance , " so they were n't saddled with expensive hospital bills . And the expo went on as planned in June . "  This is really not the most intelligent time to make a career change , " she said recently . "  But life forces you to make some hard choices . " Selling a home ... in this economy ? Michael Andrews faces a choice as well : Does he sell his home now ? Or wait until the market gets better ? Andrews , 33 , lives in Bowie , Maryland , with his wife and 4-year-old son . He bought the home in 2005 but wanted to move to a bigger house in a nicer area . However , as the housing market collapsed , the price of his home fell . "  The cost of our home is such that we ca n't really leave until it flips back around to some kind of profit , " he said when he first spoke to iReport in December . But as the year went on , the Andrews family realized it may be wiser to stay . "  You get more home for the value , schools are great , great amenities -- so we had to re-evaluate that , " he said . Instead , Andrews , a college administrator , said he 's spent the year investing in his career . He created fivemikes.com , a website devoted to his motivational speaking engagements . "  I work for the state of Maryland , and the state government is not really thriving right now , " he said . "  I think that when times are as rough as they are right now in the economy , you really have to rely on yourself to take that extra leap . " A forced transition Last year , Bruce Pollard retired from his information technology job of more than 25 years after his company filed for bankruptcy . He took on a consulting job , but it only made up for 20 percent of the salary he once earned . He set about looking for more work , but it was n't necessarily what he ideally wanted to do . "  What I 'd really like to do is teach -LSB- high school students -RSB- and contribute , " he told iReport in February . "  But I ca n't afford to do that with my family and two kids going to college and another one coming up . " His wife , a psychologist who used to work one day a week , began working more , and between the two , they 're "  filling up the work week , " he says . Pollard , 58 , says the first half of the year has been a transitory period , coping with the emotions and adjustments of no longer working a steady job . "  I 'm trying how learning to take in the duties that my wife handed over to me , " he said recently . "  You think that when you go away for five days a week and come back that things just happen around the house . But they do n't . " A year for expansion It 's been a different sort of transition for Susan and David Nethero . Owners of Intimacy , a specialty bra company , they 've overseen the opening of several stores across the U.S. this year . The company has been around for 18 years and had 11 stores at the start of the year . They 've already opened three more stores : A second New York location , one in Los Angeles and another in Orange County . They have plans to open two more stores this year . Despite an economy where growth has been anemic and shaky , Intimacy has done well , the Netheros say . "  Our sales are trending exactly where we hoped they would be . In fact , we 're a little bit ahead , " Susan Nethero told iReport recently . "  That gives us great confidence for the economy and for the balance of our sales for the year . "  We 're feeling very strong and very bullish . " Where tax season is ` like Christmas ' Guy Daniels , the owner of Expressions Ink , a tattoo parlor in Wausau , Wisconsin , says he was a bit nervous when the year began . At the time , Expressions Ink relied on longtime customers and people who were using gift certificates from the holidays . Walk-in traffic "  took a dive with a lot of layoffs in town , " he told iReport . As the year progressed , he began cutting costs where he could and invested a bit of money on a new computer and advertising . "  Figured you have to spend money to make money , " he said . Things began looking up when tax season arrived , a time when refunds give customers more disposable income to spend . "  People are more spontaneous with their money at tax time , " Daniels said . "  It 's like Christmas for us . " The shop is holding steady for now , but Daniels predicts the next six months , when revenue from tax season and other such bumps will recede , will give a better indication of what the economy is like for his business . ' A personal tiredness ' Kathy Kirkpatrick , like Guy Daniels , is a small-business owner hoping to ride out the economy . She is the owner of Life Café . She has two locations in New York City , one in the East Village and another in Brooklyn . In the more than 20 years that Life Café has been around , 2008 was the worst economy she 's ever seen , Kirkpatrick told iReport . But as this year began , she sounded optimistic . "  I have jobs for people , and I 'm able to provide that . I 'm so grateful for that , " she said . Business has been good , but not strong , for the past six months . The springtime , when tourists frequent the café , was n't similar to years past . However , she says , in retrospect , the recession has been something of a benefit . The café 's management has cut down on costs and learned how to make better decisions , she said . "  You have to understand profit and loss , for the small business owner , comes incrementally , " she said earlier this year . "  A few hundred here and there in costs adds up . ... It 's the difference between success and failure , life or death . " The economy of the past two years has also made her more pragmatic . "  Besides a personal tiredness , the recession has made me cautious of the eggs I do have in my basket , " she said . "  I do n't have the time in front of me to take any more risks like I used to . I have to be realistic . "	CNN iReporters are following people they know throughout 2010 to get a measure of how things are going in the economy At the six-month mark , they relate stories of perseverance , reinvention , doubt , success Follow their stories for the rest of the year
CNN  -- It 's one of the most individual sports , yet it sometimes demands that fierce rivals unify to compete against other countries in what could be called the World Cup of tennis . A Davis Cup final already steeped in intrigue soared to another level Saturday and now the question is : Can Roger Federer and Switzerland recover against France in front of a potential record crowd this weekend ? Federer 's back -- the area of his body that has intermittently hindered the 17-time grand slam champion in a mostly healthy career -- is only part of the issue . His relationship with teammate Stan Wawrinka in the wake of ` Mirka Gate ' is worth monitoring , too . It 's certainly not the build-up the 33-year-old Federer wanted as he seeks one of the two biggest titles to elude him , the other being an Olympic singles gold . Federer 's wife , Mirka , might have taunted Wawrinka during her husband 's dramatic 4-6 7-5 7-6  6  win at the World Tour Finals in London and it reportedly led to a verbal bust up between the men who captured doubles gold together at the 2008 Olympics in Beijing . Federer then handed only the third walkover of his career to an opponent , the back not healthy enough to take on world No. 1 Novak Djokovic . At least on the relationship front , though , things appear to be better between Federer and Wawrinka ahead of the affair at the Stade Pierre Mauroy , the home of Lille in football 's Ligue 1 . Federer posted a picture on Twitter of a united looking Swiss side and members of the squad said Tuesday in Lille that any tension was gone . "  We had a conversation after the match , " Federer told reporters . "  Everything 's totally relaxed about the situation . We 're old enough . "  There 's no hard feelings whatsoever . We 're having a good time here . We are friends , not enemies . But obviously it was maybe one of those moments , heat-of-the-moment situations . " Wawrinka blamed the press for blowing things out of proportion . "  For us it 's nothing , " he told reporters . "  It took us five minutes to talk about it , to think about the next main goal that we have -- the Davis Cup this weekend . " Heading into the semifinal at the O2 Arena , the Swiss appeared to have the upper hand in the Davis Cup final . Federer maintained his excellent 2014 form , while Wawrinka -- the Australian Open champion -- arrested a slump by winning two matches and extended his compatriot to three tight sets . He even had four match points . The eventful Saturday changed the complexion of the series . Making the transition from one surface to another is difficult -- the home team chose clay for the Davis Cup final and has practiced on it for weeks -- although at least a long flight was n't needed for the Swiss to get to northern France . Wawrinka actually took the train from London . But Federer 's back is of greater concern . His spot was confirmed in the draw Thursday -- he will face Gael Monfils on Friday after Wawrinka battles Jo-Wilfried Tsonga -- but being at 100 percent seems unlikely . The majority of the at least 27,000 expected to be in attendance per day -- the largest tennis crowd for a professional match remains the 27,200 who turned up to watch Spain defeat the U.S. in the 2004 final in Seville -- probably would n't mind if Federer is sub-par since it would give France a massive advantage . Federer practiced on the clay for the first time Wednesday . "  I 'm just really pleased that I 'm actually able to play tomorrow , " Federer said at the draw Thursday . "  I 'll give it a go . Definitely looking forward to playing against Gael . "  Things have been going very well for me the last week . It 's been a difficult week , but I 'm happy where I am today . " Federer declined to reveal whether he had taken a cortisone injection for his back . All the turmoil in the Swiss camp does n't mean tennis loving France -- desperate to end a 13-year drought in the competition -- can relax , according to French No. 1 Tsonga . "  I think for this weekend , the important thing for us is to stay focused on ourselves , on our team , " Tsonga told reporters . "  What we need is to have a perfect performance . "  What we can do is just play tennis . Anything else is not really our business . " Federer and Wawrinka were sure things to play singles for Switzerland if deemed fit , with France holding more options . French captain Arnaud Clement did n't pull off a major surprise , however , when he named Monfils as the No. 2 . Monfils habitually shines at home , spurred on by the crowd and raising his level . One of his two victories over Federer came at the Paris Masters and he held two match points against Federer at the U.S. Open in September . Federer , however , has topped Monfils three times on the clay of Roland Garros . Federer was omitted from Saturday 's doubles , as was Wawrinka , though changes can be made on the day . If France falters early , the large crowd may not be beneficial . The French have been known to boo their own at Roland Garros , for example . "  This is a competition that you want to win , " former French No. 4 Sebastien Grosjean , Gasquet 's co-coach who played in three finals , told CNN.com . "  You play for your country and you play for your friends but you try to focus on yourself , on your game -- a simple plan . "	France hosts Switzerland in one of the most anticipated Davis Cup finals in decades Roger Federer is bidding for his first Davis Cup title this weekend in Lille Federer 's back is a question mark and so is his relationship with teammate Stan Wawrinka The French are desperate to win the Davis Cup to end a 13-year drought in the team event
At $ 83,200 a night , the Royal Penthouse Suite at Geneva 's Hotel President Wilson is the most expensive hotel room in the world . Guests are not left wanting for much : the suite has 12 bedrooms and 12 marble bathrooms , plus a wraparound terrace with views of the Alps that have been said to move a handful of famous musicians to song  there 's a Steinway piano , should the backdrop not be enough  . VIPs traveling without an entourage can make use of the private staff -- butler , chef , personal assistant . While such super-premium suites are nothing new , it used to be that they were a one-off . These days , luxury hotel are clamoring to turn over space  and a lot of it  for these ultra-luxury abodes . Infographic : A short history of hotel room perks "  There were five-figure rooms in the '90s , but there were fewer , " acknowledges Nikhil Bhalla , vice president of equity research in lodging at FBR Capital Markets . "  Since then , the world has produced many more millionaires than what existed 20 or 30 years ago , so clearly the number of people who can easily afford these rooms has gone up many fold , " he says . Last year , as part of a $ 140 million renovation , the New York Palace Hotel unveiled a couple of specialty suites , including a penthouse overlooking Central Park for $ 28,000 a night . According to Paul James , the global brand leader for Starwood 's luxury brands , of the 40 or so new properties the hotel group has in the pipeline , about half will be outfitted with premium rooms . "  We call them our e-wow suites -- short for ` extreme wow , ' " he says , referring to suites at the W Hotels . Bhalla says that emerging markets are helping to push the demand for luxury rooms to new levels . "  There 's more money in the world today than there was five , or even two years ago . In countries like China or India , there 's a whole new class and level of people moving up the economic ladder who can afford these luxury experiences . As other parts of the world get developed and their economies get bigger , I imagine that will continue to be the case . " A new class of amenities Given the price point , it 's important these premium rooms offer more in the way of perks than generic shampoo bottles or a pillow chocolate . In many suites -- which these days mimic apartments , or even mansions in size -- bath products range from L'Occitane to Hermes . Butlers , private chefs , personal trainers , drivers and masseuses are on call  and often included in the price  . There 's usually extra bedrooms , dining and living rooms for hosting and offices for conducting work . Exceptional views and a prime location are a must , as is discretion  most suites have private entrances  . Read more : Shhhh ! These hotel rooms are a secret ! According to Christopher Noton , the president of hotel operations for Europe , the Middle East and Africa for the Four Seasons , the real worth of a luxury stay is the service , not the space . "  Our clients go from having multiple expectations to hyper-expectations , and what that means is that we must know who they are , how they act and what they want , " he says . "  If you want to be left alone , I sense that , and I make sure that happens . If you want to be fussed over , we 'll fuss over you . Really , it 's the total custom experience . " High expectations ? Of course , when someone 's dropping that kind of money on a hotel stay , the pressure to make it perfect is heightened . "  There are very high expectations , but then , there 's a very high level of personal service , " says James . Bhalla adds that the higher the price tag , the greater the importance of adding experiential elements to the package -- everything from stunning views of sporting events to NBA-sized basketball courts . "  It 's almost a funny thing to say at this price range , but at the end of the day , what people are looking for is value . If I 'm spending $ 25,000 a night at a hotel , am I getting an experience that makes me feel it 's worth it ? " he says .	A rise in millionaires throughout the world has created a market for luxury suites These swank rooms can cost as much as $ 83,200 a night Perks include everything from private NBA-size courts to a Bentley rental
CNN  -- It 's election time in the United States , and what better way to get into the spirit than by taking a politically inspired trip ? First on the campaign trail : visiting a battleground state with the motto , "  As Ohio goes , so goes the nation . " Ohio will be the first stop on a November "  U.S. Elections 2012 " tour led by Political Tours , an English tour company . "  We go to Ohio , which is obviously one of the key swing states , and it has taken every president to the White House since Kennedy , " said Nicholas Wood , the company 's owner . "  Demographically , it 's a very good way of getting into the issues in the election . " Capitalizing on presidential politics was an easy decision for Wood , a former foreign correspondent , since his company focuses on politics and current affairs around the world . Upcoming tours include trips to Kosovo , Libya and North Korea . "  The world has a stake in the U.S. elections because the U.S. has such a big hold over the rest of us , and so it 's the election that everyone looks to , " Wood said . The "  U.S. Elections 2012 " tour will take travelers to Ohio and Washington to discuss the issues is this year 's election . The cost is about $ 5,000 for an eight-day trip that includes talking to farmers , labor leaders and clergy members . While in Washington , the itinerary includes a trip to CNN 's Election Center for an election eve visit with Wolf Blitzer and stops in two D.C. suburbs to talk to voters on Election Day . "  It is not your typical tour , " said Dorothy Button , an Australian who has signed up for the trip . "  Observing the political process with a tour as Political Tours offer seems to me to be the only way I can get to the heart of the matter and be there at the time of an election where I can be briefed on the events , as they unfold , by those who have answers . " Pick your party Five thousand dollars is also the price of another election-inspired escape , the "  Pick Your Party " package offered by the Mayflower Hotel in Washington . The hotel is near the White House and has served as home base for many politicians including presidents John F. Kennedy , Lyndon Johnson and Theodore Roosevelt . "  Politics is such a huge part of this city that you ca n't avoid it , so you might as well have fun with it , " said Keith McClinsey , the hotel 's director of sales . The fun at the Mayflower includes a night in the red or blue suite , a moonlight limousine tour of the capital 's monuments and a political swag bag . If the $ 5,000 price tag is too high , the Mayflower is also offering a "  Red , White and You " package starting at $ 200 per night . It includes a regular guest room , champagne breakfast , valet parking and a collection of politically inspired DVDs for in-room viewing . All Mayflower guests are offered the "  Elect Your Own Turndown " service , in which they can decide what snack will be placed in their room each night . "  All the turndown snacks are based on presidential favorite snacks , " McClinsey said . "  Ronald Reagan was famous for liking jelly beans , so you can pick jelly beans for one night . " Also on the "  ballot " are chocolate caramels , a favorite of President Barack Obama 's . Supporters of candidate Mitt Romney may be disappointed that their candidate 's snack is n't an option . McClinsey says the snacks offered include only those of U.S. presidents , but he is quick to add that if Romney is elected , his snack , which will probably include peanut butter , may be added to the list . Commander in sleep It 's not snacks but sleep that the Loews Annapolis Hotel has its focus on in a "  Commander in Sleep " promotion . The hotel is targeting "  weary contenders on the campaign trail and travelers " and offering them the opportunity to sleep in . Aside from a late check-out , this package -- starting at $ 175 a night -- includes breakfast and a guided historic stroll . Guests will be offered either a walking tour of the United States Naval Academy or a walking tour of historic Annapolis , Maryland . Presidential pampering For those who would rather ride than walk , the Brazilian Court Hotel and Beach Club in Palm Beach , Florida , has a package that includes "  motorcade " transportation .  It 's really a private car service for a full day .  Potential guests may need a donation from a super PAC in order to afford this presidential perk ; prices start at $ 2,159 per night . In addition to the "  motorcade , " the price includes luxury accommodations , facials at the spa , cocktails or mocktails in the cafe , and chocolate-covered strawberries . And to "  unwind , " guests will be given their choice of Mitt Romney 's "  No Apology " or Barack Obama 's "  Audacity of Hope . " Election fatigue If your idea of unwinding does not include reading works by politicians , the Fairmont Scottsdale Princess Hotel may have the getaway for you . This hotel in Scottsdale , Arizona , is offering an "  Election Fatigue Package . " "  You can elect not to receive the daily newspaper or the TV news stations , " hotel spokeswoman Valerie Lee explains . In order to make sure their guests get away from the political TV ads , this $ 399-a-night package includes a pool cabana and access to the spa . Elect to escape One place where you can turn on the television without having to worry about political ads is at the Renaissance Aruba Resort & Casino . The Renaissance , on the Dutch island of Aruba , is inviting the "  election weary to take a post-election break with discounted rates tied directly to presidential polls . " The "  Elect to Escape " promotion offers discounts on rates , starting at $ 260 per night , which are directly related to the Gallup Election 2012 tracking polls . "  If President Obama is attracting support from 54 % of voters nationwide , resort rooms at the adult-exclusive Marina Hotel can be booked at a 54 % discount on that day . If Mitt Romney surges ahead by 60 % the following day , the discount will jump to 60 % . " Pay attention to the polls to get the most out of this deal . "  Elect to Escape " rates can be booked through November 5 , for stays from November 6 through November 30 . The Renaissance Aruba comprises the adult-only Marina Hotel and family-friendly Ocean Suites . Election protection plan To get to Aruba , travelers might want to enter JetBlue 's "  Election Protection 2012 " sweepstakes . To be considered , travelers must go to the airline 's website and choose this year 's presidential winner or loser . In this case , the winner 's candidate must actually lose the election . "  We 've all heard the quote from people : ` If my candidate loses , I 'm going to leave the country , ' " said Marty St. George , JetBlue 's senior vice president of marketing . "  We fly to 21 international destinations , so we thought it could be a fun thing to do . " The airline will choose 1,006 sweepstake winners -- whose candidate lost the election -- to each receive two one-way tickets to the JetBlue international destination of their choice .  They receive two one-way tickets in case they decide to return to the United States .  The winners obviously wo n't be announced until after the November 6 election . The real winners this election season will be travelers who make the most of an excuse to arrange a relaxing getaway .	Visit the swing state of Ohio and the U.S. capital to learn about election issues The fun at the Mayflower Hotel includes a night in the red or blue suite and a limousine tour Those with election fatigue can ask the Fairmont Scottsdale Princess Hotel to block all news
CNN  -- High winds and snow prompted airport and highway delays in some metropolitan areas Friday , potentially snarling holiday travel plans on one of the nation 's busiest travel days . Flights headed to and leaving Newark , New Jersey , one of several airports serving New York City , were at risk of delays because of high winds in the area , according to the Federal Aviation Administration . Delays were also reported early in the day at New York 's LaGuardia airport . CNN meteorologist Reynolds Wolf said wind could also trigger delays in Boston , Philadelphia and Washington , while snow could pose a problem in Minneapolis . By Friday afternoon , however , Newark was reporting the only weather-related delay on the FAA 's web site . Traffic departing from Baltimore was slightly delayed because of volume . The nation 's busiest airport , in Atlanta , was reporting business as usual Friday . The airport had been shut down , affecting some 5,200 flights , when severe weather swept the South on Thursday . Some travelers ended up spending the night at Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport after missing their connections . One man told CNN Friday his wife was driving from Charleston , South Carolina -- five hours away by car , one way -- because after he spent the night in the airport , the first two flights out Friday morning were full . Meanwhile , drivers in some areas were n't having much better luck . In New Mexico , a winter storm triggered the closure of Interstates 10 and 25 , the state 's Department of Transportation said . Interstate 10 was closed from Lordsburg to Las Cruces , and Interstate 25 was closed from Las Cruces north to Bernardo . A winter storm warning remained in effect for much of New Mexico through 11 p.m. Friday . Up to 8 inches of new snow was likely for elevations above 7,500 feet , according to the National Weather Service , but snow was forecast for all locations . Winds were forecast to gust up to 35 mph in some areas . "  Travel will be nearly impossible , at least this morning , with many road closures expected , " the Weather Service said . "  Conditions will gradually improve between late this morning and this evening . " The same storm was also causing slippery roads in El Paso , Texas , according to CNN affiliates . Snow could also hamper travel in Colorado , especially the Boulder area , which saw 3 feet of snow on Thursday , Wolf said . South of Denver , the town of Castle Rock , Colorado , received about a foot of snow , said CNN iReporter Matthew Colver . "  Luckily , my grandson is here , just graduated from Marine boot camp , and he used my snow blower to clear the driveway and walkways , " Colver said . "  It 's 12 degrees outside now . "	Newark is the only airport where weather delays are reported Severe weather snarled travel in the South on Thursday A winter storm wreaks havoc on New Mexico
CNN  -- Time to scream for Beatlemania again . Apple Corps , the Beatles ' business organization , and director Ron Howard are teaming up for a documentary on the Fab Four 's touring years , according to a statement released by the principals . The film will chronicle the rise of Beatlemania , which coincided with the group 's relentless touring of England , continental Europe , North America and parts of Asia from 1964 to 1966 -- a punishing schedule of frantic audiences , challenging security and occasional political difficulties that eventually prompted the group to withdraw to the studio , with small exceptions , until its 1970 breakup . Among the group 's trailblazing concerts were the New York Shea Stadium shows in 1965 and 1966 , a performance at Tokyo 's Nippon Budokan in 1966 and a show at San Francisco 's Candlestick Park in 1966 -- the group 's final American concert . The tours were n't without problems . On a 1966 stop in the Philippines , the Beatles skipped an invitation to a breakfast hosted by first lady Imelda Marcos and were accused of snubbing her . In response , the group 's police protection was pulled and the group 's entourage was attacked at the airport . Later that year , while touring America , John Lennon 's comments about the group being "  more popular than Jesus " set off record burnings and protests in some cities . "  The way the Beatles burst onto the scene in Britain was an overwhelming social , cultural and musical phenomenon , but was even then eclipsed by that extraordinary explosion on the American scene and then the world , " said producer Nigel Sinclair of White Horse Pictures , which is co-producing the film , in the statement . Sinclair 's credits include the documentary "  George Harrison : Living in the Material World . " The production team also includes Imagine Entertainment , Howard 's producing shingle . Howard , one of Hollywood 's most successful directors , won an Oscar for directing 2001 's "  A Beautiful Mind . " 5 things to know about Beatlemania The best summer movie ever	Beatles documentary to be directed by Ron Howard Film will focus on group 's touring years Beatles tours were manifestations of Beatlemania , with screaming and craziness
Greenville , South Carolina  CNN  -- Some are girlish 22-year-olds ; others are women approaching 40 . They come from South Carolina 's rural counties and its booming cities . They are loud and muted , lively and vacant , hopeful and desperate . As different as they are , they share a connection to two powerful forces : their addictions and their babies . They are swallowed by the same shameful past . They do n't know if they can be good mothers . They do n't know if they can be clean mothers . They 're here at a state-run drug-treatment program to learn how to do both . On this summer day , Ashley Hendrix , 24 , is eight months pregnant with her first child and one of 16 women at the Phoenix Center 's Serenity Place . This is her last shot to get clean -- or face jail . South Carolina 's state supreme court is alone in upholding the prosecution of pregnant women for the damage drugs might do to their unborn children . Across the country , local and state agencies have found ways to prosecute pregnant women for drug use , but the cases are often rejected by the courts . And judges in more than two dozen states have overturned decisions that criminalize pregnant addicts . In recent years , Missouri and North Dakota have ruled against charging pregnant women with neglect and endangerment . Illegal substances -- marijuana , methamphetamine , cocaine and prescription drugs -- consumed Hendrix for more than a decade . "  To this day , I still cry about it , " she said , "  that if anything does come out wrong with my baby , I know that my drug use is the reason why . Since 1989 , at least 126 women in South Carolina have been arrested during their pregnancies , according to the National Advocates for Pregnant Women . Most were charged with drug and alcohol use that posed harm to the fetus the woman was carrying . During the same period , only about 80 pregnant women were arrested on similar charges in all other states combined . "  Word on the street " in South Carolina , says Stephen Donaldson , program manager of a drug-treatment facility in Charleston County , "  is if you use during pregnancy , you 're being prosecuted or you 're losing your baby . " Over the last 15 years , that message has driven many women to Serenity Place , a residential treatment center designed for pregnant women and new mothers . Here , the ultimate goal is to help the women recover from their addiction but Serenity also strives to give the women the confidence to become better mothers . They want the women to know there are second chances , and there is hope . "  I 'm grateful everyday for being here and I 'm grateful to have my baby with me , " says a freckled Kim Clark , 28 , who gave birth to her son Jaelyn at the center . "  I 've been using drugs since I was 11 years old . I did n't know any other life . And I 've learned a lot about myself . I 've been taught things here . " She graduated in August , has her own apartment now and works to support herself and her son . Some women arrive here voluntarily . Others were sent by the state 's Department of Social Services . Others made a plea bargain with the courts , allowing them one last chance at treatment to avoid prison . "  My biggest fear was the -LSB- health of the -RSB- baby , but right behind that was that ` I 'm going to go to jail ' , " says Sandria Doremus , one of Hendrix ' classmates at Serenity . Afraid of being turned in for her opiate addiction , she delayed getting prenatal care . "  I should have gone in a lot sooner , " she admits . Doremus , 37 , arrived at Serenity after a hospital reported her drug use to law enforcement officials , as required by law . She has sandy blond hair and warm blue eyes that open up her leathered face . She cuddled her 8-month-old son , Matthew , when CNN visited the center in July . Born with heroin in his system , Matthew was placed on methadone . Today , he is healthy , but studies show drug-exposed babies can face developmental delays and learning disabilities in later years . Watch the women of Serenity Place share their story " In 1997 , the South Carolina Supreme Court ruled that a fetus in the third trimester was viable and charges of child abuse , neglect and murder could apply to the mother . Some treatment providers and advocacy experts say this ruling opened the door for prosecutors to charge pregnant women . "  These are addicts who become pregnant , " says Lynn Paltrow , executive director of the National Advocates for Pregnant Women . "  They are n't women who chose to use drugs after becoming pregnant . " ` If I did n't have pills , I felt like I had nothing ' Hendrix 's drug addiction started long before her pregnancy . She was born into a world of drugs . She says her mother was an addict , her father a violent alcoholic who once held a shotgun to her grandmother 's head . Hendrix 's grandparents rescued her at age 3 by taking her into their home in rural Union , South Carolina . She has fond memories of her grandfather , but one morning , shortly after her 12th birthday , Hendrix watched her 54-year-old grandfather die from a heart attack . The innocent girl started experimenting with drugs , partly because she could n't cope with her feelings , she says , but mostly to fit in . By the time she turned 18 , marijuana use gave way to cocaine and methamphetamine . Then she discovered prescription painkillers : Lortab . OxyContin . Percocet . "  It was n't even about being high anymore . It was just being able to cope with everyday life , " Hendrix says . "  If I did n't have the pills , I felt like I had nothing . " Hendrix could no longer leave bed without the painkillers . Her routine consisted of melting OxyContin pills with water , placing the mixture into a syringe and shooting up , even during her pregnancy . By April of this year , she was six months pregnant and on probation for stealing jewelry to feed her drug habit . She took herself to Serenity Place . Tucked alongside empty factories in a once-thriving textile district , the center looks more like a college dormitory inside than a sterile treatment center . Homemade posters , photo collages and cards congratulating the women for giving birth are strewn along the hallways . There is a communal kitchen and colorful playgrounds . Research shows women who remain with their children during treatment have better chances of defeating their addictions . But a national study in 2005 found that only 3 percent of treatment centers had programs tailored specifically to pregnant women . About 14 percent of treatment centers accepted pregnant or postpartum women . The women at Serenity Place follow a rigid schedule that includes therapy , parenting classes and chores . They are n't allowed phone calls or the freedom to surf the Internet without permission . Security cameras guard all exits . The structure can be particularly hard for addicts who grew up in dysfunctional households with few rules . Women spend on average six months in treatment . If a woman violates the rules , she can be removed from the program . On some occasions , women have walked out of the center , leaving their newborns behind . Why prosecute ? Why should addicted women be given a chance at motherhood ? What about the welfare of the children ? These are the questions asked by South Carolina prosecutors , known as solicitors general . Several solicitors general contacted by CNN declined to comment on how many such cases they have prosecuted , but they say that charging pregnant women has become less common in the state . Bob Ariail , solicitor of Greenville , says his district 's policy is a far cry from the 1990s , when then-South Carolina Attorney General Charlie Condon , an anti-abortion advocate , publicly declared he would aggressively crack down on pregnant mothers accused of substance abuse . Condon often referred to a fetus as his "  fellow South Carolinian . " Despite several phone calls by CNN , Condon , who is now a private lawyer in South Carolina , could not be reached for comment . In his two decades as a Democratic state representative , Joe Neal of Columbia , South Carolina , has pushed for more drug treatment funding , an effort he says has little chance in these tough economic times . "  Drug treatment ? " says Neal . "  South Carolina 's response to addiction has been incarceration not treatment . " But Wanda McMichael , manager of women 's services at Serenity Place , knows treatment can be beneficial . She guides women like Hendrix and the others through that process . Some who graduated from the program when it began in 1993 still remain clean . "  What 's the other alternative if they do n't come here ? " says McMichael . "  It 's prison . That costs more than treatment , but a lot of people do n't know that . If these women do n't get this treatment , they are going to die . " A healthy baby , a new hope Most of the women at Serenity Place say they were little girls the first time they used drugs , some as young as 8 . Many could not recall what sobriety felt like until they came to the center . Hendrix says her own mother was 15 when she gave birth to her and then abandoned her . "  She was real pretty . Blond hair , pale skin like me , " Hendrix says . "  I have her nose and lips . She just did n't respect herself . " Hendrix does n't want to be like her mother . Her son , who was born July 24 , is healthy . In August , Hendrix left Serenity for an intensive outpatient treatment program , and she and her baby live with her grandmother in Union . Of the 16 women enrolled in Serenity in July , half have graduated , program directors say . Six continue receiving treatment and two have left the center . Three women are on a waiting list to get in , including one who is pregnant . Hendrix hopes to get her GED and enroll in the University of South Carolina to study psychology next year . "  I am happy today , " she says , "  and that 's something I have n't felt in a long time . "  My grandmother . My baby . They make me happy . But you know , it 's not about them , jail or none of that anymore . That all changed . I am doing this for me . "	Serenity Place in South Carolina caters treatment programs to pregnant addicts South Carolina has been known to prosecute women in their third trimester A pregnant Ashley Hendrix sought treatment earlier this year for her addiction "  If these women do n't get this treatment , they are going to die , " a counselor says
EW.com  -- Thanks to Man of Steel , Fast & Furious 6 , Monsters University , and the surprising success of Now You See Me , the box office climbed to record levels in June , earning $ 1.25 billion -- a 19 percent increase over June 2012 . This week , Despicable Me 2 and The Lone Ranger , which both begin showing tonight to take advantage of the July 4th holiday weekend , will try to keep the box office firing on all cylinders . The former is poised to dominate the field , but the latter seems unlikely to lasso a big enough audience to justify its gargantuan budget . Here 's how I think the box office might shake out over the Wednesday-to-Sunday period : 1 . Despicable Me 2 -- $ 125 million The original Despicable Me was a surprise success in 2010 , opening with $ 56 million en route to a $ 251 million finish . Adults enjoyed the sly edge of the animated feature , and their kids fell in love with the yellow "  minions , " which became breakout characters in the same vein as Madagascar 's penguins or Ice Age 's acorn-chasing squirrel , Scrat . For Despicable Me 2 , Universal is plastering the minions on any free ad space they can . The studio has inked licensing deals with Wal-Mart , Toys-R-Us , Progressive , Chiquita , Cheetos , McDonalds , and other national brands . Plus , they 've got a "  Despicablimp " flying around the country . But those promotional efforts would n't matter all that much if audiences did n't genuinely love the original -- and boy did they . In fact , Universal could have a Shrek 2 situation on their hands here -- while the original movie became a word-of-mouth smash  Shrek earned $ 267 million  , the sequel could be a slam dunk right out of the gate  Shrek 2 wound up earning $ 441.3 million .  . Despicable Me 2 does face animated competition from Monsters University , which has topped the chart for two weekends , but Despicable Me 2 is fresher in kids ' minds , since its predecessor came out just three  not 12  years ago , and it 's safe to say there 's more built-in excitement for the young franchise . Opening in over 3,900 theaters , Despicable Me 2 , which cost Universal and Illumination Entertainment only $ 76 million to produce , may earn about $ 130 million over the five-day period . 2 . The Lone Ranger -- $ 58 million Disney spent at least $ 225 million on this Gore Verbinski-directed western , which stars Johnny Depp and Armie Hammer  though many commercials seem to ignore Hammer 's presence altogether  , but with terrible reviews and a major lack of social media activity , The Lone Ranger looks likely to become an expensive misfire for the studio . Just to earn back its budget domestically , The Lone Ranger will have to earn $ 40 million more than the highest-grossing western of all time , Dances with Wolves , which took in $ 184 million in 1990 . That seems very , very unlikely . Audiences have just never flocked to desert-set movies the way they have superhero flicks or lush adventures like Depp and Verbinski 's Pirates franchise . Recently , western blockbuster Cowboys and Aliens underperformed with a $ 36.5 million opening and a $ 100.2 million total against a $ 163 million budget . That seems like a fair comparison for The Lone Ranger -- though Depp 's appeal does boost prospects considerably  especially on the international front , where westerns often toil  . Tracking suggests that The Lone Ranger could gallop away with about $ 70 million over five days , but in a marketplace stuffed with well-liked releases , that sounds quite high . Debuting in about 3,700 theaters , The Lone Ranger could wrangle about $ 58 million in its first five days . For a standard Hollywood release , that result would be just fine . For a $ 225 million tentpole with bad reviews and limited international appeal -- that could spell trouble . 3 . Monsters University -- $ 34 million The film may fall by about 50 percent due to direct competition from Despicable Me 2 , but that still puts it on track for a $ 23 million three-day weekend -- and about $ 34 million adding in Wednesday and Thursday grosses as well . All told , Monsters University should have nearly $ 220 million domestically by the time Sunday night rolls around . 4 . The Heat -- $ 32 million Without any new comedies arriving on the scene , The Heat should continue to play well with adult women in its sophomore frame . The R-rated laugher scored $ 39.1 million in its debut frame , and it could take in another $ 32 million over the Wednesday-to-Sunday period , which would give the $ 43 million Fox film about $ 82 million after two weekends on the chart . 5 . World War Z -- $ 24 million Brad Pitt 's zombie thriller has been holding up very well on weekdays , but the simple fact that the box office is about to get even more crowded may keep it from notching an exemplary hold . Still , it could score another $ 24 million in five days , yielding a $ 156 million gross . Also keep an eye on Kevin Hart : Let Me Explain , which is opening in about 800 theaters on Wednesday . The comedy film , shot during one of Hart 's stand-up shows at Madison Square Garden , follows in the footsteps of comedy film Kevin Hart : Laugh At My Pain , which broke out with a $ 7.7 million total in 2011 . Since then , Hart has hosted the MTV Movie Awards , starred in BET 's Real Husbands of Hollywood , helped lead Think Like A Man to a $ 90 million finish , and grown his fanbase substantially . Thus , over the five-day frame , Let Me Explain may take in a very impressive $ 11 million -- not bad considering the film cost only $ 2.5 million to produce . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Despicable Me 2 " could open huge over the holiday Disney spent at least $ 225 million on "  Lone Ranger " "  World War Z " has been holding up very well on weekdays
A bio-drone that dissolves after use leaving no trace it ever existed may sound like the stuff of a James Bond film , but NASA and a team of researchers are actually building one . Made from a substance that combines mushroom fibers and cloned paper wasp spit , the drone might resemble a propeller-powered egg carton , but its designers say it has the ability to fly into environmentally sensitive areas and leave almost no trace . Lynn Rothschild , the NASA developer guiding students from Stanford-Brown-Spelman working on the project , says the drone could be made to disappear simply by ditching it into a stream or puddle . She said her interest in unmanned aerial vehicles was sparked by work on environmentally sensitive areas in her Earth Science group at NASA . "  Periodically , UAVs get lost -- for example on coral reefs or in other sensitive habitats , " she said in an interview with the project team . "  As I started to hear about this , I thought , ` Well , would n't it be useful if the UAV was biodegradable , so if it crashed somewhere that was sensitive , it would n't matter if it dissolved . " The mushroom-like substance known as mycelium , which makes up the chassis of the drone , is being hailed as the new plastic -- a plastic that has the advantage of degrading quickly . The team grew cellulose "  leather " to coat the fungal body of the flying craft and then covered the sheets with proteins sourced from the saliva of paper wasps -- a water resistant material that the insects use to cover their nests . The circuits are printed from silver nanoparticle ink in an effort to make the machine as biodegradable as possible . Despite a heavy preponderance of biological parts , the team said the project had its limits . "  There are definitely parts that ca n't be replaced by biology , " said Stanford University 's Raman Nelakanti . At its first short flight at the International Genetically Engineered Machine competition in Boston , the team used a standard battery , motor and propellers to fly the drone . Nevertheless , the team is working on making other parts biodegradable and is studying how to build its sensors from modified E. coli bacteria , the bacteria most commonly found in the intestines of humans and animals . The team said that ultimately the drone could be sent into areas where it might not be expected to return such as wildfires or nuclear accidents , sending data and never coming back . While the parts degrade naturally , the team also experimented with enzymes that would help the drone self-destruct , breaking it down further on impact . Creating a drone that does not infect the environment has been another challenge for the team . "  If you have living organisms acting as biosensors and the plane crashes , there certainly could be problems as the plane interacts with the environment , " Rothschild said . "  Hopefully people could think of this in advance , and design such that this never becomes a problem . "  For example , on crashing , the cells might die . Or the cells could be attenuated . There are all sorts of other processes to keep them from contaminating the environment . But that , to me , is the largest concern with a biological UAV - having living things on the UAV . " Read more from Tomorrow Transformed : The first ever 3D-printer President The hottest apps in tech right now What can you buy off the Darknet ?	NASA is guiding a team building a bio-drone that can self-destruct and leave no trace if it crashes The drone is made from a substance that combines mushroom fibers called mycelium The unmanned aerial vehicle is also coated in substance made from a protein found in wasp spit NASA says the UAV could be used to fly into environmentally sensitive areas such as coral reefs
CNN  -- There 's a website that lies to restaurants , making reservations under fake names , and then sells them to you . If that rubs you the wrong way , you 're not alone . ReservationHop , which launched last week , was hit with a backlash so nasty , it led its creator to call himself "  the most hated person in San Francisco . " And it 's just the latest on a list of recent startups that have some critics complaining that , in the go-go Silicon Valley startup culture , almost anything can attract interest , and big investor money , even if it seems to straddle the line between right and wrong or even reality and parody . "  This is irresponsible and sleazy and exactly what people hate about startups sucking the life out of San Francisco , " Wired senior writer Mat Honan wrote of ReservationHop on Twitter . Creator Brian Mayer says he wrote the app , which is San Francisco-only for now , after waiting 30 minutes for a burrito . "  Is this even legal ? Is it ethical ? Restaurants are going to hate this ! " Mayer wrote in a blog post about the "  overwhelmingly negative " response he 's gotten . "  To be honest , I have n't spent a lot of time thinking through these questions . I built this site as an experiment in consumer demand for a particular product , and the jury 's still out on whether it will work . " Complaints centered largely on two issues : making money off something that should be free and hurting restaurants by scooping up reservations that , if not purchased , could lead to empty tables and lost revenue . The going rate for a reservation on the site appears to be $ 12 . After you pay , ReservationHop tells you the fake name to use . Mayer said that he 's been able to cancel reservations that are n't purchased several hours in advance and that "  in the interest of ethics and fairness , " he wants to talk to restaurants about working with them directly . Selling services that would otherwise be free has become something of a trend in the startup world . Several new parking apps let users in crowded neighborhoods post when they 're about to leave a spot and charge someone for the opportunity to take it . San Francisco 's city attorney has threatened to sue several of those startups , saying they break the law by selling what should be a public commodity . Not all apps raising eyebrows in Silicon Valley are so controversial . Some just shed light on the fact that almost any idea can draw investors with dreams of big payouts in what could be a new tech bubble ... or can at least have venture-capital-seeking creators firing off news releases in hopes of luring a shark . One , Washboard , was n't long for this world . Its concept : selling you money for more money . Selling you quarters to do laundry , to be precise . For $ 27 , the startup would mail you $ 20 worth of quarters . Washboard went under late last month , but not before raising the ire of some in the tech world . "  Probably smart , " Valleywag 's Sam Biddle wrote of the closure , which apparently came when the startup had drawn fewer than 10 customers . "  But at least they will be ` focusing  their  energy on something ultimately more worthwhile , ' which would be anything . Literally anything . Lying down in the middle of the street and screaming would be ultimately more worthwhile than this . " Then there 's Yo . The messaging app does one thing and one thing only . It lets you send the two-letter greeting , "  Yo ! " to a friend . No , that 's not a parody  though it has inspired at least one . Yo , Hodor lets users similarly send a single word to friends , referencing the "  Game of Thrones " character who speaks only his name  . That idea ? It raised $ 1.2 million from investors . And reportedly has more than 300,000 users . "  Let me stipulate that in the tech world anything with messaging is hot , " wrote the Globe and Mail 's Shane Dingman . "  Single-service apps are also hot . The surface of the sun is hot ... that 's where I would like to fling myself rather than take Yo seriously . " There 's no shortage of analysts speculating that this latest round of apps could be a sign that a tech bubble along the lines of the one that caused early Internet stars to crumble could be upon us . If nothing else , they predict , investors will soon sober up and put their cash into the Facebooks and Twitters of the world rather than vaguely defined startups . Which makes sense ; it 'll leave more money to buy their dinner reservations .	New startup made its creator "  the most hated person in San Francisco " ReservationHop books restaurant reservations with fake names Users can pay $ 12 to get the reservation Website is one of several startups raising questions lately
Editor 's note : upwave is Turner Broadcasting 's new lifestyle brand designed to entertain the health into you ! Visit upwave.com for more information and follow upwave on Twitter , Facebook , YouTube , Pinterest and Instagram @upwave . upwave.com  -- Every year , we like to celebrate St. Patrick 's Day by indulging in some quintessentially Irish things , such as stout beer , strong whiskey and/or corned beef and cabbage . Cabbage aside , those are n't exactly the cornerstones of a healthy lifestyle -- but the good people of Ireland do know a few things about staying fit . According to data collected by the Irish Sports Monitor in 2013 , 47 % of Irish men and women aged 16 and over participate in some form of regular exercise . While some choose common activities  gym-based workouts , swimming , running , cycling  , others enjoy singularly Irish ones like dancing  think : Riverdance  and the sport of hurling . Want to celebrate St. Paddy 's Day  or any day  in a healthy way ? Here are a few Irish-themed workouts that 'll help you earn a Guinness or two . upwave : 7 awesome things beer does for your body Good : Exercise like a lumberjack During the Irish potato famine of the 1840s , many citizens of the Emerald Isle immigrated to the United States and Canada and found employment as lumberjacks and loggers in the booming timber industry . Today , there is an exercise known as the "  Irish Lumberjack , " which builds the arm and core strength needed to chop down trees . Sure , you probably wo n't have to hew gargantuan trees anytime soon , but great arms , abs and balance always come in handy . Here 's how the exercise works : Execute a few sets of one-armed dumbbell rows while balancing on one leg with the knee slightly bent . Be aware of your posture and try to keep your back from rounding . Your non-weight-bearing leg should be fully extended behind you with your torso parallel to the floor , so your body makes a "  T " shape . Repeat until you feel like an Irish lumberjack . upwave : Quick 5-minute upper body workout Better : Give hurling a whirl Believed to be the world 's oldest field game , the Gaelic sport of hurling is a mixture of soccer , hockey and lacrosse , with two teams of 15 players squaring off to put a small ball into the opposing team 's net . Since you need 30 people for a full game , it can be hard to get one going on a whim  unless you join a club team  . Luckily , though  and the Irish are full of luck  , reaping the physical benefits of the sport can be accomplished without heading to the field . Personal trainer Paul O'Brien recommends mixing aerobic and anaerobic conditioning to train like a hurler athlete . Some days , run two to three miles at a steady pace to build up endurance . Other days , do a series of 50-meter sprints to hone in on your explosiveness . That way , if you do ever make it onto the hurling field for a game , you 'll have the speed and the strength to play hard until the final whistle blows . upwave : Increase your stamina in 5 days Best : Leap like you 're Lord of the Dance Dancing has always been an integral part of Irish life , comprising everything from traditional Irish folk dances to the vigorous step dances and jigs popularized in modern times by "  Lord of the Dance " creator Michael Flatley . It 's also excellent exercise -- especially step dancing , which requires the dancer to execute intricate and rapid movements with the feet  making it a powerful workout for both the legs and the lungs  . Another perk of Irish dancing is core development , since the body and arms are mostly kept still as the dancer performs the elaborate footwork . upwave : Quick 6-minute core workout The benefits of getting footloose also extend beyond the physical . A recent study published in the New England Journal of Medicine found that dancing keeps your brain nimble and can help to ward off dementia as you age . And because you 're listening to music while you dance , it feels like less work than comparable exercises . "  Music reduces your perception of exertion by about 10 % , " says Costas Karageorghis , a sports psychologist at London 's Brunel University . To get started , see this basic Irish dance routine created by the lovely people from Riverdance . upwave : Try it now ! Take the Irish workout challenge This article was originally published on upwave.com & COPY ; 2013 upwave , All Rights Reserved .	Nearly half of Irish adults participate in some form of regular exercise "  Irish Lumberjack " exercise builds arm , core strength Mix aerobic and anaerobic conditioning to train like a hurler
CNN  -- What makes airline passengers happy ? Sometimes it 's as simple as a smile . Along with mobile check-in , Wi-Fi in the air and other technological advances , the simple act of airline employees smiling is increasing airline passenger satisfaction . Airline passenger satisfaction has improved to its highest levels since 2006 , according to J.D Power & Associates ' 2013 North America Airline Satisfaction Study released Wednesday . U.S. airlines collect $ 6 billion in fees "  Traditional carriers have improved significantly across the entire passenger experience , and it is a positive sign to see them turn a corner and starting to rise again , even as there is still more opportunity to improve , " said Jessica McGregor , senior manager of J.D. Power 's global travel and hospitality practice . "  While satisfaction with low-cost carriers only slightly improves , greater gains in the rest of the experience are masked by lower passenger satisfaction with cost and fees . " The study measures passenger satisfaction with North American airlines based on the following criteria in order of importance : costs and fees ; in-flight services ; boarding , deplaning and baggage ; flight crew ; aircraft ; check-in ; and reservations . Satisfaction improved in every category , but the largest yearly increases were in the boarding/deplaning/baggage , check-in and aircraft categories . JetBlue , Southwest top the airline rankings For the ninth consecutive year , JetBlue Airways ranked first for satisfaction among all North American airlines . JetBlue also earned the top score among low-cost carriers for the eighth year in a row . Southwest Airlines was a close second among discount carriers with 770 points to JetBlue 's 787 . Airlines are ranked on a 1,000-point scale . "  Above all , we 're grateful for our 15,000 crewmembers that inspire humanity each and every day by going above and beyond to deliver the best customer service in the skies and on the ground , " said JetBlue spokeswoman Allison Steinberg , via email . Alaska Airlines topped the traditional carrier rankings , with Delta Air Lines in second place . Alaska scored 717 points and Delta scored 682 points . "  We 're honored to receive this prestigious recognition from our customers , " said Alaska Air Group President and CEO Brad Tilden , in a statement . "  Receiving this award six years in a row is a credit to the 13,000 Alaska Airlines and Horizon Air employees who show their dedication to our customers every day and on every flight . " Overall satisfaction with the airlines improved to 695 on the 1,000 point scale , a 14-point increase over the 2012 survey . The power of a smile Despite passengers choosing to check in online rather than talk to someone at an airport ticket counter , how an airline 's employees treat customers still counts . Passengers who are greeted by airline staff with a smile , even infrequently , report satisfaction scores that are 105 points higher than among those who never get a smile . Passengers who report airline staff smiling at them consistently report satisfaction scores that are 211 points higher than those who do not get any airline smiles . "  Airlines do n't have to invest millions of dollars in the aircraft to get employees to smile , " said McGregor . A few trainings , including information about the impact on customer satisfaction , may help the cabin and cockpit crew make better eye contact and smile more , she said . Of course it helps to have happy employees . "  One of things we see is that when you see companies that have high internal employee satisfaction , they have high customer satisfaction as well , " she said . Customers love technology Now a smile does n't take care of everything . Customers also want their technology . Those who use Wi-Fi in-flight are happier  39 points happier  than those who do not use it . More than one-third of customers surveyed check in online , and 15 % of those technologically savvy fliers use their smartphones or other mobile devices  compared to 6 % two years ago  . Passengers checking in via mobile applications are the happiest of all fliers checking into their flights , followed by passengers who check in using a mobile device , passengers who check in at an airport kiosk and those who use the main ticket counter . Baggage fees still lower satisfaction Even attitudes toward baggage fees are beginning to soften . Although passengers are still dissatisfied with being charged for something that used to be included in the price of a plane ticket , they are n't as grumpy about it . The gap between passengers who pay for baggage and those who do not pay shrank to 63 points this year , compared with an 85 point gap last year and a 100 point gap in 2011 . Some 37 % of passengers who pay for bags agree that the fees are reasonable , compared to 28 % last year and 18 % in 2011 . "  Baggage fees are still a point of contention for people , and it 's still a ` disatisfier , ' but people are starting to accept it 's a cost to travel , " said McGregor . To help reduce costs , J.D. Power recommends using an airline 's mobile application to check in , select seats and receive an electronic boarding pass . If you do n't have an airline credit card or frequent flier status to waive baggage fees , look for discounts when checking in online . The passenger satisfaction study is based on responses from more than 11,800 passengers who flew on a major North America airline between April 2012 and March 2013 . Overall airline rankings Alaska Airlines and Delta Air Lines topped the traditional carrier rankings , followed by Air Canada  671 points  , American Airlines  660  , United Airlines  641  and US Airways  630  . Low-cost carriers JetBlue and Southwest were followed by WestJet  714  , Frontier Airlines  708  and AirTran Ariways  705  .  AirTran is now part of Southwest . Do you have anything nice or not so nice to say about North American airlines ? Please share your positive and negative thoughts in the comments section below .	JetBlue tops airline satisfaction study for ninth consecutive year Passengers who use in-flight Wi-Fi report more satisfaction with their airline An employee smile or two  or more  makes passengers even happier Fliers still dislike bag fees but not as much as they did last year
CNN  -- Pakistan cricket is embroiled in a new controversy after the national team were accused of deliberately losing two games at the Champions Trophy by a government official . Younis Khan 's future as Pakistan captain is in doubt following accusations of match-fixing . The chairman of the National Assembly 's standing committee on sports claimed in a television interview that Pakistan lost to Australia to knock traditional rivals India out of the limited-overs tournament in South Africa . Australia won by two wickets by running a bye on the final ball of the closing Group A tie on September 30 , which ensured they reached the semifinals and ended India 's hopes . Captain Younis Khan then dropped a simple catch as his side lost to New Zealand by five wickets in Saturday 's semifinal . "  We went with a pre-determined mind to lose the match against Australia , " Jamshed Ahmed Dasti told Pakistan TV channel Geo TV on Tuesday . "  Our intention was to keep India out . It was a deliberate decision to lose the match against India . " Dasti said that the team also intentionally lost the match to New Zealand , who were beaten in Monday 's final by defending champions Australia . "  That 's why the NA Standing Committee on Sports has called in captain Younis Khan , coach Intikhab Alam and -LSB- Pakistan Cricket Board -RSB- chairman Ijaz Butt for investigations , " he said . One report in Pakistan claimed that Younis and Intikhab had already been sacked by the PCB , but others said that Pakistan cricket 's ruling body was happy with the team 's performance . "  The team played well and tried hard . It is unfortunate they could n't qualify for the final , which every player wanted to do , but they had one bad day against New Zealand , " PCB spokesman Nadeem Sarwar told the Express Cricket Web site . "  As far as we are concerned , the team did well in the Champions Trophy and their performance was satisfactory . " Former captain Rashid Latif criticized Dasti for making serious allegations without backing them up with proof . "  I was one of those who first raised the issue of match fixing in international cricket , so I know what I am talking about . I can say the team did its best and played hard in the tournament -- a few mistakes cost them a place in the final , " Latif told Express Cricket . "  I think parliamentarians should first look at the corruption in the government before talking about cricket . It is unfortunate that when the team needs backing , a parliamentarian should make such allegations . " The accusations are another blow for Pakistan 's cricketing fortunes . The sub-continent nation lost the rights to host the Champions Trophy due to security issues -- it was postponed last year and switched to South Africa -- and was then ruled out of staging the 2011 World Cup . Earlier this year , veteran fast bowler Shoaib Akhtar missed the Twenty20 World Cup after needing treatment for genital warts . Akhtar , once Pakistan 's most feared weapon , has constantly clashed with the PCB , which banned him for hitting a teammate with a bat in 2007 and threatened him with court action following a public feud which ended with a five-year suspension that he successfully appealed . The PCB also punished him for testing positive for the performance-enhancing drug nandrolone in 2006 , while fellow fast bowler Mohammad Asif was arrested in Dubai for possession of illegal drugs last year .	Pakistan 's cricket team has been accused of deliberately losing two games Government official alleges Pakistan lost to Australia to knock out rivals India Pakistan progressed to Champions Trophy semifinals after last-ball defeat Jamshed Ahmed Dasti also claims Pakistan lost semi to NZ on purpose
CNN  -- The number of Syrian civilians who have fled their country to escape the civil war has passed 1.5 million , the U.N. refugee agency said Friday . "  The Syrian conflict continues to have a devastating impact on the lives of those who are forced to flee , " said Dan McNorton , a spokesman for the Office of the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees , in Geneva , Switzerland . "  Refugees tell us the increased fighting and changing of control of towns and villages , in particular in conflict areas , results in more and more civilians deciding to leave . Over the past four months , we have seen a rapid deterioration when compared to the previous 20 months of this conflict , " he said . The real number of refugees is probably much higher , McNorton said , adding that "  this is due to concerns that some Syrians have regarding registration . " Since the start of 2013 alone , UNHCR has registered close to 1 million refugees -- which amounts to about 250,000 people each month . Along with the refugees , more than 4 million people have been internally displaced , according to U.N. General Assembly President Vuk Jeremic . Syria has a population of just more than 22 million , according to the CIA World Factbook . That means nearly 30 % of Syrian people have left their homes amid the violence . The war has left at least 80,000 dead , Jeremic said , since the start of the hostilities in Syria more than two years ago . That death toll continues to climb . On Friday , the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria reported 113 dead -- 39 of them in and around Damascus , 17 in Idlib province , 15 in Homs , 14 in Deir Ezzor and others elsewhere . U.S. official : Russian missiles will ` prolong the suffering ' Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov reiterated Moscow 's position Friday that it will fulfill a deal to supply air defense missiles to the Syrian government . At a news conference with U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon in Russia 's Black Sea resort city of Sochi , Lavrov said he did not understand the furor over the sale of the S-300 anti-aircraft missiles . Delivery of the weapons will fulfill a signed agreement and will not give the Syrian government any advantage in its fight with the opposition , he said . Moscow says international concerns voiced over the move by Russia , a longtime friend of Syria that has supported the regime of President Bashar al-Assad during the conflict , are unfounded . "  All who are not planning aggressive acts on a sovereign country , should not be worried , because air defense missiles are exclusively for defense  hence their name  and they are needed to fight an air attack , " Lavrov said last week , according to the Foreign Ministry website . "  We are not breaking any laws and do n't want to jeopardize our reputation of a trusted supplier . " Among those expressing concern about the missiles Friday was U.S. Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel , who said the sale "  does not help " the situation in Syria . "  It makes it more dangerous , " he said . U.S. Gen. Martin Dempsey , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , elaborated further , calling Russia 's move "  at the very least a very unfortunate decision that will embolden the regime and prolong the suffering . " "  What I really worry about is that Assad will decide that since he 's got these systems , he 's somehow safer or more prone to a miscalculation , " Dempsey added . Hagel noted U.S. efforts , led by Secretary of State John Kerry , to work with Russia to find common ground and help prevent the eruption of a regional war . Lavrov and Ban said they were keen to see an international meeting held soon involving the Syrian government opposition . The aim would be to implement last summer 's Geneva communique brokered by Russia and the United States outlining how a transitional government could be formed . Lavrov and Kerry said this month that they had agreed to try to organize a meeting "  as soon as is practicable , possibly and hopefully , by the end of this month . " France : Iran should n't be part of Syria conference Even though it 's viewed as a civil war , the conflict in Syria has had a significant impact on its region . Violence has spilled over into Turkey , Lebanon and Israel . And the conflict has become entangled in issues involving another hot-button nation in the Middle East : Iran . On Friday , France 's foreign ministry issued a statement opposing Iran 's participation in an international peace conference on Syria . Iran has been a strong ally of al-Assad and his government , as well as a focus of international condemnation over its nuclear program . "  The stability of the whole region is in question , " the French ministry said . "  We ca n't see a country , representing a threat to stability , taking part in this conference . " The French government said that Tehran should provide a "  certain number of answers " and meet "  international obligations " before it takes part in talks regarding Syria . Gruesome footage shows man cutting out soldier 's organs Inside Syria itself , opposition groups responded Friday to widespread outrage this week over a horrific video showing a man said to be a Syrian rebel carving into the body of a government soldier , cutting out his heart and liver , and taking a bite of the heart . Syrian rebel cuts out soldier 's heart , eats it The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , a London-based activist group , questioned in a statement why the world had not paid the same attention to the many videos it has published showing atrocities allegedly carried out by forces loyal to al-Assad . A new video purported to be of the Syrian rebel who carried out the atrocity , Khaled al-Hamad , known as Abu Sakkar , was also posted online Friday . He is asked , "  Abu Sakkar , do you regret what you have done ? After the killing of the Assad militiaman and the mutilation of his body ? " He replies : "  I am ready to face justice and be brought to trial for my actions on the condition that they need to bring Bashar and his thugs to stand trial as well , for the atrocities that they have committed against our women and children . " He warns that "  if the bloodshed does n't stop in Syria , all of the Syrian people will be Abu Sakkar . Everyone will be Abu Sakkar . " Although CNN can not independently verify the authenticity of the videos , it interviewed a local rebel spokesman this week who confirmed the heart-eating incident and said he had spoken to the man involved . Also Friday , Human Rights Watch urged the rebel groups now in control of Raqqa city , in northern Syria , to ensure that evidence of torture chambers in government security facilities seen by HRW researchers last month is preserved . "  The documents , prison cells , interrogation rooms , and torture devices we saw in the government 's security facilities are consistent with the torture former detainees have described to us since the beginning of the uprising in Syria , " said Nadim Houry , deputy Middle East director at Human Rights Watch . "  Those in control of Raqqa need to safeguard the materials in these facilities so the truth can be told and those responsible held accountable . " Obama cautious on Syria , Britain ups urgency for peace Why a man eats another man 's heart Sources : U.S. believes Israel has conducted an airstrike into Syria CNN 's Pierre Meilhan and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	NEW : Opposition group reports 113 dead , 39 of them in and around Damascus Over 1.5 million are refugees , over 4 million are displaced internally , U.N. says Russia sending Syria missiles "  will prolong the suffering , " U.S. official says Rebel who apparently ate the heart of a government soldier appears in a new video
CNN  -- He is one of the greatest skiers of all time , the winner of every major prize on offer , but when Alberto Tomba looks back on his legendary career he feels a pang of regret . "  La Bomba " called it quits at the end of the 1998 season , aged 31 , having won three Olympic gold medals , two world championship titles and 50 World Cup races . His final victory in the slalom at the World Cup Finals in Crans Montana of 1998 meant the Italian established a record , as yet unbroken , of being the only male skier to win at least one race per year for 11 straight seasons . Tomba 's farewell appearance in the Winter Olympics in Nagano in 1998 ended in a rare failure but , after watching the next two as a frustrated spectator , he came to the conclusion he had stopped racing prematurely . "  I was watching Salt Lake City 2002 , Torino 2006 , and after Torino I said , ` Oh , I stopped skiing too early , I was too young , I was 31 , ' " he told CNN 's Alpine Edge series . "  I may feel in good shape but now I 'm 46 and what I can do ? It 's too late . " It is debatable whether Tomba might have added to his victories , but he can reflect on leaving an indelible mark on his sport -- earning the adulation of fans not just in his home country , but the world over . His flamboyant style on the slopes was matched by a reputation for fast living off piste , but Tomba insists it was exaggerated . "  No , no no -- only half is true ! All the time they invented it , just for the press ... for fun . To provoke me also ! " Current World Cup star Didier Cuche also believes Tomba rather cleverly maintained the image , but remained a very serious competitor at heart . "  I hear that he went to sleep really early , got up at 2 o'clock in the night , went out for an hour and then went to bed again ... he was playing a little bit with that , " the Swiss skier told CNN . The longevity of Tomba 's career is testament to his ability and the hard work he put in , scoring his first World Cup victory in 1987 when he beat his great idol , Ingemar Stenmark of Sweden . Two gold medals at the 1988 Calgary Olympics catapulted him to world stardom and he successfully defended his giant slalom crown in the 1992 Winter Games in Albertville . 1995 was to prove Tomba 's best season on the World Cup circuit , winning 11 races and claiming the famous Crystal Globe as overall champion . A combination of circumstances had prevented Tomba from claiming a world championship title , but he put that right in 1996 with double gold . It remains the highlight of a career full of highlights for Tomba , now the patron of an Italian Winter Sports Federation project which targets youngsters who will be looking to follow in his giant footsteps . "  I think it was in Sierra Nevada , my world championships , I won two gold in two days . It was amazing , also the weather , the climate -- everything was perfect , " he recalled . Tomba returned home to a rapturous welcome . "  I remember when I flew back to Italy , everybody expects Alberto at Bologna Airport , but I fly back to Parma because it was full , many people , 20,000 people -- that was amazing . " Tomba was famous for his daring charges in the deciding second runs of his races , often making up large deficits from the first leg to storm to victory . For his second gold in the giant slalom in Sierra Nevada he made up 0.81 seconds on the first-leg leader to top the podium . Fellow ski legend Franz Klammer told CNN that was typical of Tomba 's style . "  The way he skied , he was so light even though he was a big guy , he was so light on the skis , smooth and he could pull it off -- even though if the first run was not that great , he could really do it on the second run , " the Austrian said .	Alberto Tomba won three Olympic gold medals during his glittering skiing career The Italian legend also claimed two world titles and 50 World Cup wins Tells CNN his one regret was quitting too early in 1998 "  La Bomba " remains a revered figure in Italy and around the world
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- An inspection of barracks across the United States found that only a small fraction of rooms required immediate repairs , the Army said Friday . A soldier battles overflowing sewage in the Fort Bragg barracks shortly after coming home from Afghanistan . The inspection was a result of recent reports of substandard living conditions in some barracks at Fort Bragg , North Carolina . Of the 148,000 Army barracks inspected nationwide , 45 barracks at eight Army posts "  were found to need immediate attention , " said an Army statement released Friday . Most of the barracks identified "  have issues with mold and moisture-related problems , " Army Installation Management Command spokesman Ned Christensen told the Army Times . Only 13 soldiers had to be relocated while repairs brought their rooms up to living standards , Army officials said . They said $ 250 million was redirected from other funds to get the repairs done immediately . Army official gave this breakdown of how the funds will be divided among the barracks that need repairs : • Fort Polk , Louisiana , $ 166 million . • Fort Gordon , Georgia , $ 49.7 million . • The United States Military Academy at West Point , New York , $ 9.3 million . • Fort Lewis , Washington , $ 7.4 million . • Fort Stewart , Georgia , $ 6.2 million . • Fort Bragg , North Carolina , $ 2.9 million  in addition to the $ 2.6 million spent in response to the initial reports  . • Tripler Army Medical Center , Hawaii , $ 1.7 million . • Aberdeen Proving Ground , Maryland , $ 1.2 million . Army officials admitted that they are not happy about the conditions of many of the old barracks , and soldiers are not happy either . New barracks at many posts are under construction or have been completed and will eventually replace all of the old units , the officials said . "  In the interim , the Army must continue to use and maintain aging barracks in our inventory , " a written statement said . "  Thirty percent of our existing barracks are World War II and Korean War-era and require large investments to extend their life until replacement facilities are constructed . " The inspection , which took place between April 26 and 30 , was prompted by a video posted online by a soldier 's father showing sewage backing up , rusty staircases , peeling paint and other substandard living conditions in a Korean War-era barracks at Fort Bragg . Paratroopers from the 508th Parachute Infantry Regiment moved into the barracks after returning from fighting in Afghanistan this year . The video was posted in April . The Army said that it was quick to fix the problems and that the video was posted after the barracks had been repaired .	Some barracks have "  mold and moisture-related problems , " Army spokesman says $ 250 million was redirected from other funds for repairs , Army officials say 45 barracks "  were found to need immediate attention , " statement says Inspection prompted by video posted by soldier 's father showing sewage back up
Johannesburg , South Africa  CNN  -- Marketplace Africa launched 100 episodes ago . That ¹ s one hundred weeks of African business news that brought our global audience a fresh perspective from a continent that has not normally been viewed as an investor-friendly destination . We kicked off the first show by interviewing Dominique Strauss-Kahn , who was then the managing director of the IMF . His wife , Anne , was with him and he proudly introduced me to her , reminding me that both she and I were both broadcasters . She is a famous news interviewer in France . Then , I interviewed him on the stage at a local university theatre . It was a small and intimate setting , so very different from the glare of the global spotlight in which he later found himself . My interview with his successor Christine Lagarde more than 90 episodes later was a very different affair . We met in a smart Pretoria hotel with a view of South Africa ¹ s Union Buildings , the seat of government . She was shuttling from Africa to the Middle East to Europe and seemed to have a punishing travel schedule but nevertheless looked elegant and not in the least bit fatigued by jetlag or the European debt crisis . She patiently took time to explain why Africa should care about what happens in the Eurozone . Looking back , though , it is always gratifying to take the show on the road . We reported from Kibera slum in Kenya where we discovered that even the poorest consumers were driving changes in the way multinationals were making and distributing their products . We went to Tanzania and its administrative and financial hub , Dar es Salaam , to investigate how the mobile revolution was changing the way poor women had access to healthcare . While there , we also talked to Tanzanians about schemes to rent land to South Koreans , who were planning to plant rice paddies and export the food back to South Korea . This is all part of a continent-wide push to utilize Africa ¹ s land resources smartly . See also : Interview with Zimbabwean Finance Minister Importantly , we took the show to Zimbabwe and reported from the streets of Harare and the parched lands in Mashonaland West . We explored how remittances , money that is "  sent home " from family members in the United Kingdom or South Africa , supports entire communities . However , the realities of life in Zimbabwe were made starkly clear to our crew when police and intelligence officers in Harare briefly detained us . Despite having permission to film , these security forces threatened us and insisted we be taken to a notorious central prison for further questioning . They were suspicious and uncomfortable with a foreign TV crew filming openly on the street , even though the Zimbabwean Ministry of Information insisted that international media were now welcome in the country . We were released only after we made a phone call to a cabinet minister who managed to get the message to them that we were to be left alone . We continued filming and presenting Marketplace Africa for the next few days and those two shows give a deep understanding of the political and economic realities in the country . The free press in Ethiopia was one of my favorite stories on our show . We highlighted an innovative scheme of newspaper renting on the street corners of Addis Ababa . Many Ethiopians can not afford to buy newspapers or magazines , so enterprising newspaper "  landlords " rent out the daily news for a small fee . See also : Is the ` blood diamond ' concept changing ? It is always gratifying when an interview is a lively discussion that introduces you to new facts . Ntebo Rajuili ¹ s advice on how to do business in Africa was great fun as she explained some cultural quirks in different African countries , which might hinder or help when doing business . Of course , chatting with Oprah Winfrey about educating young girls was a treat . I wish we could have used the whole half hour of that interview rather than just four minutes . As we all know , Oprah makes for good TV . Jim O ¹ Neill is the economist who charted the rise of emerging nations Brazil , Russia , India and China and then coined the phrase BRIC . His insightful analysis was fascinating . He expressed confusion as to why South Africa , a relatively small economic player , had been admitted into this group of global big hitters . Recently we presented Marketplace Africa from a tugboat in Durban harbor . We were investigating the challenges facing Africa ¹ s busiest port and what better way to do it than to hitch a ride on a working ship ? As for the next hundred episodes , the journey will continue to be just like doing business in Africa : Exciting , perhaps slightly risky , but with the promise of excellent results .	Launched 100 weeks ago , Marketplace Africa brings African business news to the global audience . The show traveled extensively across the continent to deliver news from a fresh perspective . The show will carry on producing exciting and excellent content about business in Africa .
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Late-night talker David Letterman married his longtime girlfriend , Regina Lasko , last week , according to a transcript of the taping of his Monday night show . Late-night host David Letterman says he "  avoided getting married for ... 23 years . " The wedding was at the courthouse in Choteau , Montana , on Thursday , he said , according to quotes from CBS ' "  Late Show with David Letterman " provided to CNN by Letterman 's publicist , Tom Keaney . "  Regina and I began dating in February of 1986 , and I said , ` Well , things are going pretty good , let 's just see what happens in about 10 years ... , " he joked during the taping . Watch Letterman spill the beans " "  I had avoided getting married pretty good -LSB- sic -RSB- for , like , 23 years , and ... honestly , whether this happened or not , I secretly felt that men who were married admired me -- like I was the last of the real gunslingers . " Lasko is a former "  Late Show " staffer . The couple have a son , Harry . Letterman told his audience that the wedding almost did n't happen after the couple , son in tow , got their pickup truck stuck in the mud on the way to the ceremony . "  So I get out of the truck and I walk two miles back to the house into a 50 mph wind . It 's not Beverly Hills , it 's Montana , for God 's sakes , ' " he said . "  And the whole way , I 'm thinking , ` See , smartass ? See ? See ? You try to get married , this is what happens . ' " When he returned with a car , he said -- presumably joking -- that his son was disappointed , "  because mom had told him if I was n't back in an hour , the deal was off . "	Talk-show host marries Regina Lasko , who he began dating in 1986 Letterman talks of last week 's wedding on his show Monday night Letterman and Lasko have a son ; were married in Montana
CNN  -- Emergency teams on Sunday were assessing damage from deadly storms that devastated parts of Missouri , Kentucky and West Virginia this weekend -- even as the threat of more severe weather continued . West Virginia Gov. Joe Manchin tours Mingo County to assess damage caused by extensive rain and flooding . The storm that tore through Madison County , Kentucky , on Friday was a category EF-3 tornado , the National Weather Service said Sunday . An EF-3 is the third-strongest category of tornado , with winds of 136 to 165 mph , strong enough to destroy large buildings and lift cars off the ground . At least one person was killed by that storm , with several other serious injuries . A waste water treatment plant was destroyed , two fire departments sustained major roof damage and some manufacturing facilities were damaged , local authorities said . Three people were killed in southern Missouri during high winds , thunderstorms and flash floods . A couple was killed when a tree fell on their car on a highway near Poplar Bluff . A man died of a heart attack near Springfield when winds tossed him and his wife into an open field , officials said . A weekend of storming in West Virginia destroyed as many as 400 buildings and severely damaged an additional 1,000 , said Rob Jelacic of the West Virginia Office of Emergency Services . "  We are in recovery mode , " Jelacic said Sunday . There were no known deaths in West Virginia from the storms . After the storms came floods . On Sunday , parts of the Meramec and Big rivers were rising feet above flood levels , causing residents already hit by the storms to seek higher ground . Forecasters expected the Meramec to crest Monday 4 to 8 feet above flood state in St. Louis County . The big river was expected to crest a half-foot higher on Monday than it did Sunday .	Tornado hits Kentucky with 136 to 165 mph winds , kills one Three killed in southern Missouri during high winds , thunderstorms , flash floods Man dies of a heart attack after winds tossed him and his wife into an open field Storm in West Virginia destroys 400 buildings , severely damaged an 1,000
CNN  -- An alleged would-be smuggler was caught at a Thailand airport with dozens of rare wildlife -- including snakes , squirrels and tortoises -- stuffed into three suitcases , a wildlife monitoring organization says . The Indonesian man , whose name was not released , was stopped at Suvarnabhumi International Airport on Wednesday , according to a news release from Traffic , an organization that fights wildlife trafficking . The man had purchased the wildlife at Bangkok 's Chatuchak Market and was attempting to smuggle them out of the country , the organization said . He was stopped after a regular luggage scan revealed the animals . According to the organization , the man carried 88 Indian star tortoises , 33 elongated tortoises , seven radiated tortoises , six mata mata turtles and four Southeast Asian narrow-headed softshell turtles . He also had three Aldabra tortoises , one pig-nosed turtle , and one ploughshare tortoise , which Traffic described as the world 's rarest tortoise . But that was n't all that the man stuffed into his luggage . Authorities also found 34 ball pythons , two boa constrictors , several milk snakes , corn snakes and king snakes and one hog-nosed snake , Traffic says . According to the organization , there also were 19 bearded dragon lizards , four spiny-tailed lizards , two Sudan plated lizards and six Argentine horned frogs . And , to top it off , there were 18 baboon spiders , 22 common squirrels and one African grey parrot inside the suitcases , Traffic says . "  It speaks well of a few alert enforcement authorities when such seizures happen , said the organization 's regional director , William Schaedla . "  The airport authority is to be commended . However , one really has to question how Chatuchak Market , which is located just down the street from both wildlife protection and nature crime police offices , can continue these illegal mass sales . " Chatuchak Market is known for being a hub for the illegal trade of rare species , Traffic contends . "  Frankly , the situation is totally unacceptable in a country that claims to be effectively addressing illegal wildlife trade , " Schaedla said . The man , who was taken into custody , faces wildlife smuggling charges , the organization said .	An Indonesian man is arrested at an airport in Thailand , a wildlife monitoring group says He had three suitcases stuffed with rare creatures , Traffic says There were tortoises , lizards , spiders and a parrot in his luggage , it says
CNN  -- As part of this month 's 50th anniversary of the first woman in space , CNN is giving you the chance to ask your questions to American astronaut Karen Nyberg joining us live from 240 miles above the Earth at the International Space Station on Friday , June 28 at 1245 CET/1145 BST / 0645 ET . To take part , submit your questions in our comment section below or via the hashtag #CNNspacechat on Twitter . CNN Anchor Becky Anderson will put your best questions to NASA astronaut Karen Nyberg . You can ask her absolutely anything from "  What 's the best thing about orbiting into space ? " to "  Have you ever seen a UFO ? " Then join us on CNN.com on Friday at 1245 CET/1145 BST/0645 ET to watch the interview live from the International Space Station and see if your question gets asked . TIMELINE : 50 years of women in space	Karen Nyberg is currently at the International Space Station orbiting the Earth Nyberg will be speaking to CNN live from the ISS on June 28 at 11:45 BST / 06:45 ET Send your question for Nyberg to CNN via the comments or #CNNspacechat
CNN  -- They are widely considered among the top in the U.S. military . But for three Army Rangers who got stuck in trees while parachuting Thursday afternoon in Washington state , their only aim was to get down . The members of the 75th Ranger Regiment -- a U.S. special operations force -- were training at Joint Base Lewis-McChord when they jumped from a plane and got entangled in towering evergreen trees that canvass the sprawling military installation between Tacoma and Olympia . Video from CNN affiliate KOMO showed rescue workers climbing the trees to reach the stranded soldiers . They were ultimately brought down safely and with only minor injuries , said base spokesman Lt. Col. Gary Dangerfield . "  The soldiers had  a couple of bumps and bruises , " Dangerfield said . Dangerfield noted that this was the second time in the past year alone that parachutists have gotten hung up in tall trees around the base . The Rangers were training on the West Coast facility , nearly 3,000 miles from the regiment 's home base in Fort Benning , Georgia . According to the regiment 's website , its members make up "  the Army 's premier raid force " and they are "  always combat ready . "	3 Army Rangers get stuck in tall evergreens while parachuting at Joint Base Lewis-McChord They 're rescued safely with only "  bumps and bruises , " a base spokesman says The Rangers were participating in a training exercise at the base between Tacoma and Olympia , Washington
CNN  -- Desiré Henriksen feared that there would be no Christmas for her two boys . She had lost her job at Denny 's , where she worked the graveyard shift . Her fiancé , who works as a glazier , was having a hard time finding regular work . And the couple fell behind on the mortgage last month . Desire Henriksen decided to sell her hair after losing her job and falling behind on her mortgage . So Henriksen , of Phoenix , Arizona , cut her hair and sold it on the Internet to a hair trader in the Netherlands . "  Everyone was telling me how beautiful my hair was , " the 27-year-old said . Her friends suggested that she sell it . "  I thought , ` Why not ? I 'll check it out , ' " she said . "  We 're trying to keep our place here , " she said . "  We do n't want to become like people right now who are losing their homes . " With the economy squeezing the budgets of more Americans , some people are looking for creative ways to pay their monthly bills . Selling hair on the Internet is just one of those unusual methods . "  We 've seen about a 20 percent increase in the last four months , " said Jacalyn Elise , co-founder of TheHairTrader.com , referring to the number of ads offering hair for sale posted on her site . "  These days , some people are just in need of money . " Henriksen was paid $ 1,200 for 27 inches of her tresses . But most hair is sold for about $ 300 to $ 900 , says Marlys Fladeland of Hairwork.com . The hair is used to make wigs or hair extensions or is used in artwork . The longer the hair , the more it is worth . Untreated hair is also likely to fetch a higher price , Elise says . For Henriksen , cutting her hair was always in the cards . But she had planned to give it to a nonprofit organization that provides hairpieces for children who lost their hair after cancer treatments . "  Initially , I had grown my hair out to donate to Locks of Love in memory of my mother , who passed away from cancer last year . I was going to try to give back to people who did n't have any hair . But it did n't work out that way . Instead , I got my kids Christmas -LSB- gifts -RSB- , " she said . In addition to buying presents for her 10-year-old son and 3-year-old stepson , Henriksen paid off the overdue mortgage bill . She was so pleased with how easy her hairy business deal was , she says she 's planning on growing her hair out again and selling it on TheHairTrader.com to help pay for her wedding . A professional lab rat Others are taking more drastic measures , becoming medical guinea pigs . Paul Clough , 30 , fell on hard times five years ago . A homeless man suggested that Clough take part in medical clinical trials , and now it 's his full-time gig . Clough estimates that he brought in $ 28,000 this year by participating in seven medical trials , having his blood taken 500 times and ingesting about a dozen medications . The Austin , Texas , resident has tested everything from cholesterol-lowering drugs to hepatitis C and HIV treatments . He even set up a Web site , Just Another Lab Rat , which explains how and where to volunteer . Clinical research requires testing drugs on volunteers to determine whether the drug is appropriate for the market . The test subjects may be required to stay at a clinic or may have to visit the clinic a few times . Depending on the clinic and the trials they participate in , they may be paid $ 50 to $ 5,000 each time . Trials can last 10 days to a month . Safety concerns include side effects or drug reactions , but for many volunteers , the payout outweighs the risks . "  Some people live study-to-study , " Clough said . "  They have immediate bills to take care of . And a lot of times , when people do n't get into the study , they are concerned about how to pay those bills . They do n't know what they 're going to do . " "  Five years ago , it was mostly students , " he said . But today , he sees "  Realtors , taxi drivers . ... It 's any walk of life you can think of . " Your personal gold mine Jeweler Les Harrell of Littleton , Colorado , struck gold when he had the idea to give people cash for their gold -- at parties . It started out as a fundraising event . But seven months later , he has a Web site , Gold Exchange . He 's hired three employees , and he 's throwing gold parties seven days a week . Friends and neighbors assemble to swap gossip , have drinks and get their jewelry appraised . Harrell pays cash on the spot for folks willing to hand over their gold . Later , he sells it on the market . He has operations in Colorado , New York and California . Deanna Molinaro was skeptical when she was invited to one of Harrell 's gold parties this summer . But the Denver , Colorado , resident changed her mind after walking away with $ 700 for a wad of tangled gold bracelets , a herringbone necklace and some mismatched earrings . "  I was floored , " she said , when she first heard about the cash . "  I made a lot of money on things that were lying around in my jewelry box for 20 years . " Harrell says he typically pays $ 5,000 per party , not including the cut the hostess makes and the referral fee . And it 's not always jewelry he 's appraising . "  I 've seen it all , " he said . "  Grandma 's old dinosaur ring , gold teeth . I buy a lot of gold teeth , class rings . " One item he remembers fondly : Uncle Louie 's bridge . "  It weighed almost 2 ounces , " he said with a hint of amusement . People have , on average , about $ 300 worth of gold just lying around , Harrell says , and liquidating that hidden treasure can help them balance the family budget . Harrell 's parties were initially geared toward the upper class , but his clientele is changing . "  What was fun money becomes , ` Oh , my gosh , this is a big help , ' " he said . In reality , a drawer full of costume jewelry , broken chains , errant earring backs and muddled memories may turn out to be next month 's heating bill . One woman , living alone on Social Security , recently turned over a shoebox full of jewelry to Harrell to see what , if anything , she could get for it . "  She really did n't know what was real or not , " related Molinaro , who helped with the transaction . But she cleaned out everything she had . In the end , her shoebox was worth $ 350 . "  She was so excited to get it , " Molinaro said . "  I got a big hug out of her for it , too . "	Many Americans are looking for creative ways to make ends meet A hair-selling Web site says it 's seen a 20 percent increase in recent months A Texas man makes a living participating in medical trials Guests of Gold Exchange parties swap stories , have drinks and sell jewelry
CNN  -- To kick off the release of her new album , Madonna is joining Twitter for one day to answer questions from fans . The pop legend will be turning to Twitter on Monday night to promote her 12th studio album , MDNA , and interact with fans on the popular social network . She will be answering questions starting at 10:00 p.m. EST/7 :00 p.m. PST . The Twitter handle @MadonnaMDNAday sent out its first tweet on Sunday to get the word out about the Q&A . Fans can submit questions to Madonna by tweeting @MadonnaMDNAday and using the hashtag #askmadonna . The account already has over 12,000 followers . The news was also announced on Madonna.com / AskMadonna , with the following message : "  Madonna joins Twitter for one day only to answer fan questions and celebrate the release of her MDNA album . Got a question ? #AskMadonna , " the site says . It 's uncertain if the account will still send tweets about the album or if it will be shut down after the online event . The Twitter account has not yet responded to questions from Mashable . Madonna 's dip into Twitter is n't just to promote her album , but also to increase her social media presence . She recently granted a Facebook Live-exclusive interview with late-night host Jimmy Fallon on Saturday . Fans â $ " who had to "  Like " her Facebook page in order to watch the interview â $ " were also encouraged to submit questions for the pop queen . Her interview with Fallon was the only talk show appearance planned to promote the album . Madonna has nearly 9 million subscribers on Facebook . This is her first album since the release of "  Hard Candy , " featuring "  4 Minutes , " in April 2008 . See the original article on Mashable.com . © 2011 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Pop star Madonna will answer fans ' questions on Twitter beginning Monday at 10 p.m. ET It 's uncertain if the account will be shut down after the online event Fans can submit questions by tweeting @MadonnaMDNAday and using #askmadonna
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- White House communications director Anita Dunn fired back at criticism from TV commentator Glenn Beck on Friday , saying that a Mao Tse-tung quote Beck took issue with was picked up from legendary GOP strategist Lee Atwater . White House communications director Anita Dunn she picked up Mao Tse-tung from a legendary Republican . "  The Mao quote is one I picked up from the late Republican strategist Lee Atwater from something I read in the late 1980s , so I hope I do n't get my progressive friends mad at me , " Dunn told CNN . As for Beck 's criticism : "  The use of the phrase ` favorite political philosophers ' was intended as irony , but clearly the effort fell flat -- at least with a certain Fox commentator whose sense of irony may be missing . " On Thursday night 's program , Beck showed exclusive video of Dunn discussing the communist leader , who was responsible for a cultural revolution in 1966 that included re-education camps and setting the army and students on witch hunts against his opponents . Millions of Chinese suffered or died , most notably teachers , writers , political opponents or anyone deemed a "  reactionary . " Dunn , taped in a speech in what appears to be a church , said the leader 's philosophies were a guidepost for her own strategy on politics . She also praised the philosophy used by religious icon Mother Teresa . "  The third lesson and tip actually comes from two of my favorite political philosophers : Mao Tse-tung and Mother Theresa -- not often coupled with each other , but the two people I turn to most to basically deliver a simple point which is ` you 're going to make choices ; you 're going to challenge ; you 're going to say why not ; you 're going to figure out how to do things that have never been done before . " The comments set Beck into a tirade . "  It 's insanity . This is her hero 's work , " he said . "  She thinks of this man 's work all the time ? "  It would be like me saying to you , ` you know who my favorite political philosopher is ? Adolf Hitler . ' Have you read Mein Kampf ? -LSB- She wants to -RSB- fight your fight like Hitler did , " Beck said . Dunn recently blasted Fox News saying that the cable news organization often operates as either "  the research arm or the communications arm of the Republican Party . " "  When he -LSB- Obama -RSB- goes on Fox , he understands that he 's not really going on it as a news network at this point . He 's going to debate the opposition . And that 's fine . He never minds doing that . "  They 're widely viewed as a part of the Republican Party . Take -LSB- the GOP 's -RSB- talking points , put them on the air , take -LSB- the GOP 's -RSB- opposition research , put them on the air , " Dunn said . Fox News in a statement to CNN said its programming was comparable to the editorial page of a newspaper . Still , Beck wasted no time Thursday in using Dunn 's comments to blast the Obama administration for promoting what he deems a radical agenda . "  America , how many radicals is it going to take ? How many radicals surrounding our president before you understand that when the president said he wants to transform the country , he wants to transform it all right , " Beck said . Dunn pointed out that during his presidential campaign and since being elected President Obama has been interviewed by Fox News and will be again in the future . Watch more of Dunn 's comments " "  He 'll go on Fox because he engages with ideological opponents , " Dunn said . "  He has done that before , and he 'll do it again . " But it 's not just Dunn , a Democrat , who has used Mao as someone she reads . Media Matters for America , a liberal media watchdog group , points out that former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich , also a Fox News contributor , quoted Mao in a 1995 Roll Call profile . "  War is politics with blood ; politics is war without blood , " Gingrich said , citing Mao . Karl Rove , another Fox News contributor , wrote in a December 2008 Wall Street Journal op-ed that President Bush "  encouraged me to read a Mao biography . " Beck led the charge against Obama 's former green jobs czar Van Jones over a petition Jones signed in 2004 calling for an investigation into whether government officials deliberately allowed the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks to occur . Jones said of the petition on the Web site 911truth . org : "  I do not agree with this statement and it certainly does not reflect my views now or ever . " Jones has also come under fire for comments he made , also before his White House job , including those in a video on YouTube . In it , he uses a vulgar expression to describe Republicans . Jones resigned from his post in September , saying in a statement that he came to Washington to "  fight for others , not for myself . " "  I can not in good conscience ask my colleagues to expend precious time and energy defending or explaining my past . We need all hands on deck , fighting for the future , " Jones ' statement said . Jones is a co-founder of colorofchange.org , a group that recently has been pressing advertisers to boycott Beck 's program after Beck called Obama a racist . CNN 's Martina Stewart contributed to this report .	Dunn says she got Mao quote from GOP strategist Lee Atwater Fox News host Glenn Beck showed video of Dunn quoting Mao Beck : "  It 's insanity . This is her hero 's work " Other Republicans have quoted Mao in the past
Abbottabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Children in the Abbottabad neighborhood where Osama bin Laden lived said they noticed oddities at bin Laden 's massive compound but were oblivious that the world 's most wanted terror leader was hiding in the quiet city . Twelve-year-old Zarar Amjed Turk is one of the children who played with the eight or nine kids from bin Laden 's house -- some of whom may have been the al Qaeda leader 's grandchildren . "  I do n't know why they had security cameras installed outside the house , " Zarar said . "  We used to knock the door for 10 or 20 minutes then someone used to come to talk . That was strange for us . " He said he did n't know the names of the kids he played with . "  We used to play cricket next to their house . Whenever our cricket ball went into the compound , we knocked on the door and asked for the ball . But the guy always said our ball was lost , and gave us 50 rupees  59 cents  and asked us to buy a new one . " Zarar had never heard the name Osama bin Laden before the terror leader 's death last week . CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh contributed to this report .	Children would knock on door for 10 or 20 minutes , one tells CNN When a ball went into the compound , a man would pay them for it , a child says Some of the kids they played with may have been bin Laden grandchildren
