For months now , his name has gone hand-in-hand with that of Newt Gingrich . But as the former House speaker prepares to leave the Republican nomination race next week , Sheldon Adelson has to decide what political causes -- and which candidates -- to support . Adelson 's not wasting time . The Nevada billionaire and mogul and his wife , Miriam , are two of the hosts for a fundraiser on Friday for House Speaker John Boehner 's re-election campaign at Adelson 's casino , The Venetian , along with fellow magnate Steve Wynn and the American Gaming Association . The Adelsons have made a big political splash , giving $ 20 million to the super PAC Winning Our Future that was largely responsible for keeping Gingrich 's candidacy alive in the past few months . That includes a $ 5 million contribution late last month . Adelson dropped some hints Thursday evening telling Jon Ralston of the Las Vegas Sun he wanted to become less visible in the political world and that references to him being a mogul when his donations were reported were "  not helpful to that person . " When asked if he was going to give to the Republican super PAC American Crossroads or its nonprofit affiliate Crossroads GPS , he initially would not answer . Later , he said to Ralston "  I 'm going to give one more small donation -- you might not think it 's that small -- to a super PAC and then if I give it will be to a C4 , " referring to 501  c   4  non-profit groups , such as Crossroads GPS , which are not required to disclose their donors . Adelson refused to say if his reference to one "  small " donation to a super PAC was referring to the pro-Mitt Romney Restore Our Future group . "  I 'm not going to tell you ... you 'll find out when it 's reported . " Adelson previously told some supporters of Mitt Romney he would back his candidacy if he became the Republican nominee , according to sources familiar with the matter . What is not clear is how much he and his wife will end up donating or when . Associates have said a major motivation for him is preventing the re-election of President Barack Obama . He thinks Republicans would be stronger proponents for Israel 's safety , which friends have said trumps all other concerns for him . "  When the presidential campaign started he said his goal was to defeat Barack Obama , and he was going to do whatever he could to do that , " one friend told CNN . The future financial support from Adelson is something Romney and his allies would like to see and have sought . The two men met right before the February 4 Nevada caucuses and have spoken on the phone many times . About a dozen donors to the super PAC Restore Our Future met with Adelson in Las Vegas in late March while they were in town for the Republican Jewish Coalition to convince him to "  come on board . " He indicated to them , according to one of the participants , "  it is just a matter of time . " While he was complimentary of Romney in that session , according to one source familiar with the matter , he also has publicly criticized him as not being a bold decision-maker . "  He 's not the bold decision-maker like Newt Gingrich is . He does n't want to -- every time I talk to him , he says , ` Well , let me think about it , ' " he told JewishJournal.com at the end of March . Adelson has been a prolific donor to Republican causes in past years . Earlier this year , he and his wife each donated $ 2.5 million to the Congressional Leadership Fund , a group dedicated to keeping the Republican majority in the House of Representatives . Adelson was a bundler for John McCain 's 2008 presidential candidacy , helping to bring in $ 219,000 for that campaign . He and his wife contributed almost $ 215,000 to the Republican National Committee and the National Republican Congressional Committee , aimed at electing GOP candidates . Nevada Republicans also expect Adelson to be involved in some fashion to support Republican Sen. Dean Heller 's re-election effort against Democratic Rep. Shelley Berkley , according to one Nevada Republican source , and he and his wife last year maxed out their allowed donations to Heller and U.S. Rep. Joe Heck , R-Nevada . According to the Center for Responsive Politics , a nonpartisan group that tracks the role of money in politics , Sheldon and Miriam Adelson rank as the top individuals funding outside spending groups this election cycle . In February , when Gingrich looked to have a serious chance at getting the Republican nomination , he told Forbes magazine he might give as much as $ 100 million to support the former House speaker . What is unclear is whether he will follow through with that amount and where it may go now that Gingrich will no longer be in the race . In that interview , he defended his donations and said he had nothing for which to apologize . "  I 'm against very wealthy people attempting to influence elections , " he said . "  But as long as it 's doable , I 'm going to do it . Because I know that guys like  George  Soros have been doing it for years , if not decades . And they stay below the radar by creating a network of corporations to funnel their money . I have my own philosophy , and I 'm not ashamed of it . I gave the money because there is no other legal way to do it . I do n't want to go through 10 different corporations to hide my name . I 'm proud of what I do , and I 'm not looking to escape recognition . " The Adelsons came under some criticism from Republicans for their support of the super PAC backing Gingrich , especially when it was airing bitter ads in January questioning Romney 's record at Bain Capital and also when it became clear that Gingrich 's candidacy stalled . Adelson reacted to the critics in the Forbes interview : "  Those people are either jealous or professional critics . " He added : "  They like to trash other people . It 's unfair that I 've been treated unfair -- but it does n't stop me . " Adelson was longtime friends with Gingrich from the time he served as House speaker , and the two shared common beliefs regarding Israel and the need to protect it . "  I am in favor of Newt Gingrich because I like people who make decisions . He is a decision-maker , " he told the Jewish Journal publication . He also was motivated because he did not want Rick Santorum to become the nominee . "  Rick Santorum ... is too social , " he also said . "  This man has no history creating anything or taking risks . " He said he knew Santorum and liked him , but "  I do n't want him to run my country . " A spokesman for Adelson did not return calls seeking comment on the plans for future donations .	Sheldon Adelson and his wife , Miriam , gave big to pro-Newt Gingrich super PAC With Gingrich planning to bow out , which Republicans will be aided by the billionaire ? Financial support from Adelson is something Mitt Romney and his allies would like to see In past , Adelson has criticized Romney for not being a bold decision-maker
CNN  -- Cargill Meat Solutions Corp. has recalled about 8,500 pounds of ground beef that may be contaminated with E. coli , the U.S. Department of Agriculture announced Saturday . The move came after three people , two in Maine and one in New York , were identified as becoming ill from a strain of E. coli , the government said . None of the three required hospitalization , said Cargill Inc. spokesman Mike Martin . "  It was a relief it was n't more serious , " he told CNN . The USDA says it believes certain BJ 's Wholesale Club stores in Connecticut , Maine , Maryland , Massachusetts , New Hampshire , New Jersey , New York and Virginia received the products . The recalled ground beef was shipped June 11 to distribution centers , where it was repackaged into consumer-size packages and sold under different retail brand names . The USDA did not identify the brands . The recalled beef bears the USDA establishment number "  EST. 9400 , " a product code of "  W69032 " and a "  use/freeze by " date of July 1 . The USDA 's Food Safety and Inspection Services , which said it became aware of the problem on August 5 , "  determined that there is an association between the ground beef products subject to recall and the cluster of illnesses in the states of Maine and New York . " Saturday 's statement identified the strain as E. coli 026 , which can cause bloody diarrhea , dehydration and , in severe cases , kidney failure . The government "  strongly encourages consumers to check their freezers and immediately discard any product subject to this recall . " The government lists the recall as Class 1 , meaning "  there is a reasonable probability that the use of the product will cause serious , adverse health consequences or death . " Consumers with questions regarding the recall should contact the Cargill consumer line at 877 788-4953 . Martin said Cargill is working with the USDA to learn what happened . "  We decided to take swift action to do the right thing , " he said of the recall .	NEW : None of those who became ill required hospitalization Cargill Meat Solutions has recalled 8,500 pounds of beef Three people became sick from a strain of E. coli The USDA is urging consumers to check their freezers
CNN  -- When you 're on a roller coaster , thrills and chills are to expected . Standing still -- for hours , high above the Earth ? Not so much . But that 's the experience riders on the Hollywood Rip Ride Rockit got Wednesday night , when the Universal Orlando attraction stalled due to what park spokesman Tom Schroder called a technical glitch . The coaster did what it was supposed to do , when that happened around 7 p.m : It came to a stop about 140 feet above the ground , Schroder said . What the ride -- which towers , at its highest point , 17 stories above the theme park -- did n't do was promptly start again . While the cars toward the front were at least closer to level , with a view over the hill , those farther behind were "  sitting straight back with no way to move , because it 's straight down , " one park visitor , Ray Downs , told CNN affiliate WESH . Most riders were able to be safely taken off but , more than two hours later , about 10 still remained . The Orlando Fire Department was called in to pluck off these stranded few about 2Â 1/2 hours after the ordeal began . One female rider was transported to the hospital complaining of neck and back pain , according to Schroder . Asked whether this had happened before , Schroder said , "  Yes , we 've had similar incidents . " On its website , Universal Orlando bills the Hollywood Rip Ride Rockit as the tallest roller coaster in the theme park-filled central Florida city . Peaking at 65 mph , the coaster features what the park calls a "  record-breaking loop " about other twists and turns . "  We are going to work to understand what happened tonight before we reopen the ride again , " Schroder said . Downs , for one , is open to hopping on the coaster again , feeling that mechanical issues will happen no matter how well maintained a ride is . But his daughter -- who was "  scared half to death " before they rode the Hollywood Rip Ride Rockit just before it got stuck -- might not feel the same . "  I said , ` It will be OK , they took good care of their stuff , ' " Downs said . "  Thank goodness it was n't us . " Texas roller coaster reopens after woman 's death	NEW : A park visitor says some stranded riders were "  sitting straight back " Hollywood Rip Ride Rockit stops due to a technical glitch around 7 p.m. , spokesman says Most riders are taken off , though the fire department is called in to get the remaining few The coaster is billed as Orlando 's tallest , reaching 17 stories high
CNN  -- European trade unionists descended on Brussels , Belgium , Wednesday in the tens of thousands , determined to both vent their anger at austerity measures and to tell European governments to "  put people first . " Belgian police told CNN that around 80,000 people turned out for the demonstration in the capitol , which was organized by the European Trade Union Confederation  ETUC  . It represents the interests of trade unions from 36 European countries and claims 60 million members . ETUC 's general secretary , John Monks , had said up to 100,000 people were expected . Even so , the crowd was sufficient to pack streets in central and downtown Brussels . The atmosphere had the vibrant feel of a carnival , with trade unionists in brightly colored T-shirts and huge balloons among the crowd , only the T-shirts and balloons bore slogans advocating the preservation of workers ' rights . Demonstrators wanted to tell European governments and banks to put the needs of people ahead of balanced budgets , according to the ETUC website . Marchers were on the streets to express their concern about both the economic and social situation , and to assert their belief that austerity measures designed to balance budgets will put more people at risk . One man told CNN , "  It 's not time to forget the people . It 's not time to forget the workers . It 's time to hear what 's happening in the street . " The crowd in Brussels marched from the Midi Railway station to Cinquantenaire Arch . Then they packed into Jubilee Park to hear speeches from union representatives . Some of those representatives later met with European Union President Jose Manuel Barroso . Explainer : Why Europe is protesting Rallies were also planned in Portugal , Italy , Latvia , Lithuania , the Czech Republic , Cyprus , Serbia , Romania , Poland , Ireland and France . Those demonstrations coincided with a general strike in Spain . Lines were long at train stations and metro services in Madrid . Fewer trains and buses were in service and travel was disrupted both in the capitol and in other big cities across the country . Spanish unions said the strike was a big success . They said there was 70 percent support among their workers . They also said there was 17 percent less electrical consumption Wednesday than there is on a normal weekday . Thousands turned out to for marches to support the strike , as well . In Madrid , demonstrators packed streets shoulder-to-shoulder , waving red flags , chanting and blowing whistles . There were scattered confrontations between police and picketers reported during the day , especially in Barcelona . Some demonstrators were injured and police cars burned there . CNN affiliate CNN + said a protester was hit by a bus and injured in the city . But overall , authorities say the day was peaceful Spanish unions to called the strike because they believe planned government reforms will make it easier for companies to lay off workers , especially higher-paid ones . The government , however , says the changes will ease Spain 's deficit and recession and make for a more competitive economy . Spain already has 20 percent unemployment -- the highest among countries using the euro currency -- and many see the reforms as inevitable and necessary . CNN 's Al Goodman in Madrid , Spain , Melissa Gray in London , England , and Antonia Mortensen in Brussels , Belgium , contributed to this report .	NEW : 80,000 trade unionists march in Brussels to tell governments "  put people first " NEW : Thousands turn out in marches to support general strike in Spain Demonstrations are planned in almost a dozen countries
Want a programmable robot of your very own that you can teach anything from playing your favorite songs to cleaning up after the party ? iRobot says go ahead and hack your Roomba . For the first time in seven years , the makers of the popular robotic vacuum cleaner have updated Create , a system that lets users program and modify a basic Roomba unit . Designed with teachers and students of STEM  science , technology , engineering and math  in mind , Create 2 is a $ 199 modified version of the Roomba 600 Series . It includes basic programming examples and starter projects which include "  DJ Create 2 , " a Bluetooth system that lets users turn their Roomba into a rolling DJ , and "  LightBot , " which lets users create an LED light display . Another hack called "  CameraBot " lets users mount a camera and remotely view everything it sees from atop the rolling , round robot . "  As a global leader in robotics technology , iRobot believes its greatest social responsibility is to ignite students ' passion for STEM-related careers through the excitement of robots , " said Colin Angle , chairman and CEO of iRobot , in a written statement . "  Robots have a cool factor unlike any other learning tool . Create 2 , with its online resources , reliable hardware born of the award-winning Roomba , and ease of customization simply delivers more robot than anything available to students and educators at or near its price . " Create 2 also comes with files and instructions for creating new parts , including a cargo carrier , with a 3D printer and a drilling template to be used when adding pieces and parts to the unit . Found by researchers at MIT , iRobot is the lead organizer and founder of National Robotics Week , which will be held April 4-12 , 2015 . The Create unit is part of a larger STEM outreach program by the company , which is headquartered in Bedford , Massachusetts .	Roomba makers iRobot release Create 2 The Roomba-based system is designed for STEM educators Users can program the unit as well as modify it
CNN  -- Firefighters in Nevada have fully contained a wildfire that engulfed dozens of homes and burned nearly 2,000 acres , an incident commander said Monday . The Caughlin Fire in Reno burned 1,935 acres before firefighters contained the blaze , said Sierra Fire Protection District Chief Mike Brown , the incident commander . The blaze has made 32 homes uninhabitable and damaged five , but is no longer a major threat to other structures , Reno Fire Chief Michael Hernandez said Sunday . The cause of the fire remains unknown , but Hernandez said his department has ruled out that the blaze started at a homeless encampment or that teenagers seen in the area were responsible . Investigators believe -- though have not confirmed -- that high winds caused electrical arcing on a power line , which sparked the fire , Hernandez said . The city of Reno , the rest of Washoe County and Nevada all declared states of emergency Friday . The fire was reported shortly after midnight Thursday , spreading within an hour and becoming a three-alarm blaze , Hernandez said . The blaze ballooned within about 12 hours , destroying some structures and causing minimal damage to others , according to the fire chief . He estimated that firefighters had saved 4,000 to 4,500 homes by Friday . CNN 's Shawn Nottingham contributed to this report .	The Caughlin Fire is contained at 1,935 acres , a fire chief says 32 homes are made uninhabitable by the blaze Investigators are working to determine what cause the fire
CNN  -- Two Catholic priests accused of wrongdoing have been declared unfit for service by the Philadelphia archdiocese and will no longer be allowed to minister . Joseph J. Gallagher , 78 , and Mark S. Gaspar , 43 , are two of the 26 priests who were suspended by the archdiocese after a 2011 grand jury investigation into the archdiocese 's handling of child sex abuse allegations . They were placed on administrative leave while the church looked into allegations of abuse and misconduct . Archbishop Charles J. Chaput said the investigations of Gallagher and Gaspar found substantiated violations of the "  Standards of Ministerial Behavior and Boundaries , " an archdiocese guide for behavior , including interaction with children and youths . The violations were not explained . "  After reviewing all the facts , as well as recommendations from competent external authorities , I made the decisions I feel are right and just , " Chaput said in a statement released Sunday . Gallagher retired in 2006 from the Church of St. Richard of Chichester in Philadelphia . Gaspar was a priest at Our Lady of Charity Church in Brookhaven , Pennsylvania , when he was suspended in 2011 . There has been no public response from either man . They will have the right to appeal to the Vatican . Gallagher is the priest at the center of a wrongful-death suit filed against the archdiocese by the family of Daniel Neill , who killed himself in 2009 after his allegations were deemed not credible by church officials . According to the 2007 grand jury report , Neill reported that Gallagher repeatedly fondled him when he was a minor and served as an altar boy in Bristol , Pennsylvania . "  This is too little too late to help our clients whose son committed suicide , having been abused by Gallagher , " said attorney Marci Hamilton , who represents the Neill family . "  But it is good news for parents who can at least now know that Gallagher and Gaspar should not be near children . " Of the 26 priests who were suspended in 2011 , nine have been found unsuitable for the ministry and eight have been found suitable . One priest has been arrested and one died before a full investigation could be conducted . Seven cases are still outstanding . With nearly 1.5 million members , the Philadelphia archdiocese is one of the largest in the nation . Philly priest gets 3 to 6 years in abuse case Pope to Vatican : ` Act decisively ' on sex abuse case	Two Catholic priests in Philadelphia have been declared unsuitable for ministry Archdiocese says there were "  substantiated violations " found The priests were two of 26 who were suspended by the archdiocese in 2011
CNN  -- Rivalry , dislike , even hatred are common emotions in the workplace . Add testosterone and adrenaline to the pot , stir and you have a potentially combustible concoction -- just ask Boris Becker and Michael Stich . In August 1992 , Becker and Stich had much to celebrate as the duo became the first German tennis team to win Olympic gold -- beating South Africa to claim the men 's doubles title in Spain . The Spanish night was young and Becker had arranged a dinner that night for Stich and a couple of other German athletes , but Becker says his partner preferred to take the first plane out of Barcelona rather than toast their success . Twenty years on , two of Germany 's most celebrated tennis players -- whose personal relationship was limited by an intense rivalry -- have still to raise a glass to their historic win . "  When we won , all I remember was just hugging each other , like we were brothers , but believe me -- that would have been impossible a week prior to the tournament , " Becker told CNN . "  Hopefully , one day we will be mature enough to sit down , have a bottle of red wine and just talk  about it  . "  You know , I won it because of him and he won it because of me . It 's never going to go away so hopefully , we 'll be able to celebrate this great achievement one of these years . " The Olympics had come at the height of the duo 's rivalry , says Becker , with the pair not just the best tennis players in Germany but also the world , as they vied with one another for major honors . Only a year earlier , Stich had beaten Becker in the first all-German men 's final at Wimbledon . Yet although the partnership 's strength was tested on repeated occasions in Spain , with their last three matches all going to five sets , Stich and Becker came through -- a result of single-minded ambition in their two-man team , says a British sports psychologist . "  Research has shown that their rivalry would not necessarily have affected the outcome because they would still have wanted to win for themselves , " says Dan Abrahams . "  There may have been hostility on a social level but it was only what happened on court -- and coming together to achieve their task -- that mattered . " Becker says it was during the quarterfinal against Spain 's Sergio Casal and Emilio Sanchez , who were both higher-ranked and playing at home , that the German team finally put their egos aside , once they realized that only teamwork could pull them through . "  When I 'm working with teams as a psychologist , I reinforce the concept that if we are going to set team goals then everyone needs to be working together , " says Abrahams , who is currently working for Premier League football club Queens Park Rangers . "  It is not the end of the world if players are not friends . Research in sports psychology suggests that players do not have to like each other for a team to be successful . " Down the rabbit hole : Depression in the Premier League There can be fewer finer examples of that across any discipline than the on-field relationship between former Manchester United strikers Andy Cole and Teddy Sheringham . During their four years at United , the pair formed a fluid forward partnership that contributed to three league titles , one FA Cup and a European Champions League crown . All of this was achieved despite the fact that they never talked to one another , with Cole having taken grave offense to a perceived slight from Sheringham during the former 's England debut in 1995 . Cole , who is still the Premier League 's second highest scorer of all time , said in 2010 that he would rather socialize with a player who broke his leg in two places than "  with Teddy Sheringham , who I 've pretty much detested for the past 15 years . "  We played together for years . We scored a lot of goals . I never spoke a single word to him . ' " One reason why Sheringham and Cole could channel their enmity for the good of the team was the influence of Sir Alex Ferguson . The Manchester United manager has handled countless dressing room rows during his time -- and he is not afraid to drop players in a bid to promote competition , as he did last month when benching Wayne Rooney in favor of new signing Robin van Persie . "  Team sports can often be individual sports because each individual is trying to be chosen for the team and garner the manager 's attentions , so team sports lend towards some rivalry within the team , " says Abraham . "  That can be a good thing for management because if you have two players vying for a place , that brings out the best of them in training , their focus and in matches . "  However , it can be detrimental to their performance on the pitch if they are not working cohesively so it can be a double-edged sword . " Football 's most poisonous rivalry ? Liverpool and Manchester United 's tempestuous past There are a host of examples of teams that have suffered when protagonists have clashed -- with Dutch footballers regularly falling out before suffering premature exits at major international competitions , their French counterparts doing their best to emulate them in recent tournaments while teams in golf 's Ryder Cup and Formula 1 have been undone by feuding stars down the years . The 2004 Ryder Cup was a case in point as U.S. captain Hal Sutton made an enormous gamble as he paired two very contrasting figures together , in the hope that Tiger Woods and Phil Mickelson could set aside their differences to create a "  Dream Team " . A pairing described as making "  oil and water look like a perfect match " duly lost both their matches as they helped the Europeans retain the trophy in comprehensive fashion . Meanwhile , intra-team rivalries have ruined partnerships in F1 , with Ayrton Senna and Alain Prost repeatedly at loggerheads during their time together at McLaren in the late 1980s . Although their two years together resulted in a championship apiece , their frequent clashes -- some of which came on the track -- prompted the Frenchman to leave McLaren , no doubt regretting his decision to persuade the stable to sign Senna as he did so . Earlier that decade , when one feuding F1 driver  Argentina 's Carlos Reutemann  had suggested to a team colleague  Alan Jones  that they bury the hatchet , the Australian 's reply -- "  yeah , in your back " -- typified the emotions when rivalries run deep . They have of course spilled over into premeditated physical violence before , most notably when American figure skaters Nancy Kerrigan and Tonya Harding clashed in 1994 . Three years on from winning medals as teammates at the world championships , Harding 's bodyguard and ex-husband hired an assailant to break one of Kerrigan 's legs ahead of the 1994 U.S. Figure Skating Championships -- a feat Shane Stant failed to achieve , even if he did inflict enough damage to ensure Kerrigan withdrew from a tournament that Harding went on to win . Despite denying any involvement , Harding was later stripped of her title and banned for life from participating in any further figure-skating events in the United States . Amid all this dressing room tension as players try to be the main man and with enmity between teammates potentially sinking any team , Abrahams warns that strong friendships between players can also bring complications . "  An element of closeness between players can become a problem for a manager in that they wo n't demand more from each other . You need to be very robust to be best mates with someone but give them a rollicking from time to time . "  My experience suggests that players who are good mates will give each other a grilling , but they need to be better at their style of communication as this can create trouble . " The "  Secret Footballer " , a current player who writes anonymously about life at the top of the English game , is in agreement , saying how he has played "  in teams where it could be argued that some players were too close to each other and so were unable to really deliver a bollocking when the situation called for it . " Behind the scenes with Graf and Agassi Abrahams believes the individual nature of tennis , where players are so accustomed to winning and losing by themselves , enables them to deal with any hostility when playing doubles better than those who take part in team sports . But he does not discount the players ' strength of mind . "  Strong characters like Becker and Stich can deal with an intense rivalry but the less robust can not , " says Abrahams . Indeed , the German duo -- who had a grudging respect for one another -- were admirably successful in temporarily shelving their differences as they united to win gold for their nation . "  Because of our rivalry , we were not that close on a private level , " admits Stich . "  But the good thing was we both had one goal . We wanted to win that medal . "  After we both lost in the singles , that was the only chance we had -- as a team . We wanted to win the medal so we had to do well in doubles and we were professional enough to just go on that path . " 15-love : Top tennis romances	Boris Becker says he has still to celebrate his 1992 Olympic gold medal with doubles partner Michael Stich German duo managed to win gold despite an intense tennis rivalry at the time Top-flight sport is inundated with examples of teams that have suffered when protagonists have clashed
United Nations  CNN  -- The U.N. Security Council 's sanctions committee has approved a U.S. request to unfreeze $ 1.5 billion in Libyan assets to be used for humanitarian and civilian needs . "  We felt the need was urgent ; that the  National Transitional Council  had to start paying its bills and to start establishing a track record as a clean , democratic organization , " a senior administration official said . The money will start flowing "  in a few days , " the official said . The money will be allocated in three equal amounts , the U.S. State Department said in a statement . Up to $ 500 million will be transferred to international humanitarian organizations ; up to $ 500 million will be transferred to suppliers for fuel and other goods intended for civilian use ; and up to $ 500 million will be transferred to a temporary finanical mechanism established to assist the Libyan people 's food and other humanitarian needs . South Africa had held up the release , expressing concern that no individual body should yet be declared the sole legitimate authority in Libya . The administration compromised by replacing references to the National Transitional Council with "  relevant Libyan authorities , " the official said . "  This money will go toward meeting the needs of the people of Libya , " said U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , in a prepared statement . "  We urge other nations to take similar measures . Many are already doing so . " She called for the National Transitional Council to move quickly toward building a democracy "  that protects the universal human rights of all its citizens . " She added , "  There can be no place in the new Libya for revenge attacks and reprisals . " The U.S. military is looking at options for delivering humanitarian assistance to Libya and helping with the return of refugees . A senior U.S. military official with direct knowledge of the effort said there had been no requests for assistance , but the military was doing "  prudent planning " to be prepared if asked . U.S. President Barack Obama 's policy of ruling out any U.S. troops on the ground remains in effect , he said , but military officials have indicated military aircraft and ships might deliver aid to airfields and ports . The NTC , which is expected to function as an interim government , was offering few details about its needs , the official said . Any U.S. assistance would likely take place within a broader post-conflict NATO effort under a United Nations umbrella , a senior NATO official told CNN . NATO military officials have begun planning efforts to be ready if they are asked for help , the senior official said . That would include planning for humanitarian aid , air and maritime security , and the possibility of training Libyan military forces at locations outside the country , the senior official said . Arab allies such as Qatar , Jordan and perhaps others are expected to join in any post-conflict effort in order to keep it from looking like NATO nations are running the show , the senior official said . Meanwhile , the Libya Contact Group -- an alliance of countries -- met Thursday in Istanbul to discuss how to help rebuild Libya 's infrastructure . U.S. Assistant Secretary of State Jeffrey Feltman , on the sidelines of the meeting , said the Arab League was expected to officially "  seat " the transitional council at league headquarters in Cairo on Saturday . Feltman said part of the proposed $ 1.5 billion in assets , once unfrozen , will help pay oil bills to keep the electricity on in Libya . State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said participants were looking forward to a high-level meeting of allies in Paris next week . Italy will unfreeze about $ 505 million in Libyan assets that have been held in Italian banks , Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi said Thursday . The rebels have already gotten some support . Mustafa Abdul Jalil , chairman of the transitional council , revealed that Turkey had sent $ 300 million to the rebels since July . The expected release of financing for humanitarian aid came as a few signs appeared on the streets of the capital that indicated a lessening of tensions in some neighborhoods . For the first time in days , a few stores opened and more residents were out on the streets . But fighting continued in pockets as the rebels hustled to consolidate power and much of the city remained a no-go zone . Weapons littered the streets in some areas . Around one intersection , a dozen bodies lay on the ground , their hands bound behind them . Rebels said they had been executed by Gadhafi 's men , but that was not clear . The victims were black Africans , who composed a large part of Gadhafi 's army , raising the specter of the revenge killings that Clinton has cautioned against . The opposition has posted a $ 1.4 million bounty for Gadhafi 's capture or death . Though he has n't been reported seen since rebel forces began advancing last weekend into the Libyan capital , he appeared to have issued another audio message in which he exhorted his followers to fight for control of the capital . "  Tripoli is for you , men and women , " the speaker said . "  Go out , go out and free Tripoli . Destroy them wherever they are , fight them . Let the crowds from everywhere march to Tripoli . " The speaker added , "  Libya is for you " and not for France or its president , Nicolas Sarkozy . France is a leader in the NATO mission in Libya . "  Do not leave Tripoli for the rats , do not leave them . Fight them , destroy them . You are the overwhelming majority , you have marched in millions . March with the same millions but fight this time . Fill the streets and the fields , " the speaker said . Gadhafi has previously described his adversaries as rats . "  Do not be afraid of bombing , you will not be hit . Do not be afraid at all . They are just stun grenades to scare you . Do not be afraid at all , do not surrender Tripoli . " CNN can not independently confirm who was speaking in the recording . Special forces from Britain , France , Jordan and Qatar -- on the ground in Libya -- have stepped up operations in support of the rebels in Tripoli and other cities . But a senior opposition official said much of the capital 's southern neighborhoods remained dangerous . "  We have 80 % of Tripoli liberated , " said Hisham Abu Hajer , the coordinator of the rebels ' brigades in Tripoli . "  The two suburbs of Abu Salim and Al Hadba al Khadra remain contested and fierce fighting with Gadhafi forces continues . " Witnesses told CNN that fighting between rebels and Gadhafi loyalists erupted Thursday at the embattled leader 's compound , the scene of a number of clashes in recent days . A giant plume of smoke rose from the compound in Bab al-Aziziya two days after it was seized by rebels . Rebels controlled Tripoli 's international airport , but were struggling to secure an area east of it . Gadhafi loyalists destroyed an empty Libyan airline passenger plane parked at the airport Thursday -- the third plane destroyed in 24 hours . "  The Tripoli airport is under the control of the rebels , but it is still being shelled by Gadhafi forces with Grad missiles , " Abu Hajer said . NATO is trying to learn how many surface-to-air missiles and launchers may still be operational inside Libya and who controls them , a NATO official told CNN Thursday . Several months ago , the U.S. military estimated Libya had an arsenal of 20,000 SAMs , but it was not clear how many may have been destroyed during the conflict and who has control of the remaining missiles . The State Department 's Nuland also said the 10 tons of mustard gas stored at the Waddan Ammunition Reservation in Libya are secure "  inside massive steel containers within heavy bunkers . " But Nuland also referred to discussions with the transitional council about taking over external security of the facility , raising the question about who is now watching over them . A U.S. official said the same Libyan government unit that had been guarding the mustard gas stockpile is still doing so , an indication that Gadhafi security forces were still present . But the official said monitoring of the facility has determined "  they have neither abandoned their posts , nor tried to gain access to the materials . " The materials "  are secure , guarded and not disturbed , " said the official . At hospitals across Tripoli , overwhelmed doctors and nurses attempt to care for the wounded . Robin Waudo , a spokesman for the International Committee of the Red Cross , said two surgical teams were en route from Europe with the first scheduled to arrive Friday . In Gadhafi 's hometown of Sirte , the NTC said it was negotiating with the longtime ruler 's tribal leaders for their surrender without bloodshed . Abu Hajer said the process of moving government ministries from the opposition base in Benghazi to the capital has inched forward , with about four or five ministerial level officials of the NTC already in Tripoli . In the oil-rich city of al-Brega , several crude oil storage tanks continued burning more than six days after they were set ablaze by retreating Gadhafi troops , said Ramadan Shalash , the refinery fire chief . CNN 's Joe Vaccarello , Richard Roth , Jack Maddox , Dan Rivers , Sara Sidner , Arwa Damon , Raja Razek , Jomana Karadsheh , Hada Messia , Kareem Khadder , Richard Allen Greene , Barbara Starr , Pam Benson , Moni Basu , Tom Cohen and Salma Abdelaziz contributed to this report .	$ 1.5 billion expected to be released soon for humanitarian aid U.N. sanctions committee worked out language to mollify South Africa Fighting is still fierce in some areas of south Tripoli , a Gadhafi stronghold Purported Gadhafi message to followers : "  Do not leave Tripoli for the rats "
CNN  -- The recipe for bingsu , Korea 's beloved shaved ice dessert , used to be simple . A little bowl of shaved ice , red beans boiled in sugar water , a little bit of condensed milk and maybe some fruit or ice cream heaped on top . That was before the Park Hyatt Seoul debuted the first so-called luxury bingsu three years ago , to spectacular sales and a frenzied following . Competing Seoul hotels promptly entered the fray with spoons blazing . With bingsu now at the top of every hotel restaurant 's summer agenda , the battle to come up with the most luxurious , inventive , delicious variation of the dessert has gotten more intense this year . Here are the hotels that are currently winning the war . Park Hyatt Seoul This Gangnam luxury hotel started it all . In 2010 , the hotel dreamed up a sweet pumpkin bingsu , made with a base of dunggulle tea made from the dried root of Solomon 's seal , and an omija bingsu using shaved frozen berries . While most bingsu in Korea is made with frozen ice , the hotel debuted bingsu with a frozen milk base , and found that customers loved the change . They bought an expensive shaving machine in 2011 and also ordered traditional Korean pottery known to keep cold food insulated longer . Seoul 's bingsu fanatics promptly fell in love with the new menu . The hotel 's berry bingsu in particular came as a shock . Korea 's best bars for summer The combination of blueberries , blackberries , raspberries , black currant compote with handmade dark chocolate , whipped cream , pistachios and mint created a completely new taste . The hotel became mobbed at meal times and on the weekends , and raked in several hundred thousand dollars of profit in a season , to the amazement -- and likely some envy -- of its competitors . Since that memorable debut , the Park Hyatt has had to top its own bingsu menu each year . In 2012 , it introduced a peach bingsu and a chocolate bingsu . And this summer ? The Bingsu Colada , made with pineapple , coconut chips , caramel sauce and macademia nuts , is new to the menu . Another new addition is the Tirami Bingsu . It 's made with mascarpone cream , espresso sauce , Kahlua , Amaretti cookies and almonds . Despite the new dishes , the Berry Bingsu remains the hotel 's most popular . Park Hyatt Seoul , 606 Teheran-ro , Gangnam-gu , Seoul ; +82 2 2016 1205 ; bingsu prices start at 33,000  $ 29  a bowl Intercontinental Seoul Coex The effort that the Intercontinental Seoul Coex has put into its bingsu menu has been extreme . Since the beginning of the year , the hotel 's top chefs have created approximately 30 variations of the dessert , presenting a different version each week for tastings and deliberation . From this process , a final three bingsu have ended up on the menu . The Kurumba bingsu is made with shaved frozen pure coconut water from the Philippines , mixed with coconut biscuits and coconut jelly , all made at the hotel . The Mango Rosa Sparkling bingsu is dubbed the "  19-plus " bingsu , for its alcoholic content  19 is the legal drinking age in Korea  . The sweet Rosso Degli Anjelli Rose Sparkling Wine is frozen , shaved , then blended with frozen mango shavings and fresh mangoes . 10 best Korean restaurants in Seoul When creating the latter bingsu , hotel chefs went through dozens of trials to capture the "  sparkling " aspect of the wine in the actual bingsu . In order to make the perfect red bean paste , which can be ordered separately with each bingsu , a designated red bean chef has the arduous job of boiling the red bean until wrinkles form , then pouring cold water until the wrinkles are stretched out again , and repeating the process over and over until the perfect moist texture is reached . Some of the hotel 's bingsu are sweetened with natural xylitol from Finland . Intercontinental Seoul Coex , 521 Teheran-ro , Gangnam-gu , Seoul ; +82 2 3430 8603 ; bingsu prices start at 29,000  $ 25 The Westin Chosun Seoul The green tea bingsu at the Westin Chosun 's The Circle uses the top-shelf ingredients : matcha  fine green tea powder  from Shizuoka , Japan , and red beans from Ganghwado , South Korea . The lounge takes its bingsu ice seriously -- in order to recreate ice most similar to natural ice , a "  maturing process " is used to make the ice "  smoother . " Chef Jun Sung-kyu did the research for his recipe by visiting restaurants in Japan famous for their ice desserts . World 's 50 best foods Upon returning to South Korea , he created green tea syrup using a maturing method at low temperatures , and also came up with the perfect red bean recipe by soaking the beans in water for a day , then boiling them for eight hours and adding three kinds of sugar at varying intervals . The result is the chewiest and shiniest red bean paste imaginable . Westin Chosun Seoul , Sogong-dong , Jung-gu , Seoul ; +82 2 317 0365 ; bingsu price is 28,000  $ 24 Sheraton Grande Walkerhill The variety of bingsu at Sheraton Grande Walkerhill is impressive . The basic menu lists apple mango , persimmon , triple berry , affogato and milk bingsu that are all served with organic red bean sauce , ddeok  sticky rice cakes  and ice cream . The hotel uses shaved frozen milk as its bingsu base , somehow managing to make the shaved ice is as soft as cotton candy . Each of the five bingsu has several layers of ingredients . It 's fun to eat layer by layer , but mixing it all vigorously is the Korean style and recommended . On Saturdays and Sunday from 2-5 p.m. , diners can create their bingsu with the option of 10 different types of fruit , various nuts and cookies . A variety of sauces , including melted chocolate , are available . Bingsu is served with complimentary tea and coffee . Sheraton Grande Walkerhill , Walkerhill-ro 177 , Gwangjin-gu , Seoul ; +82 2 450 4467 ; bingsu prices range from 15,000-42 ,000  $ 13-36 The Shilla Seoul While The Shilla Seoul has been under renovation since the beginning of the year , it still receives calls asking when its apple mango bingsu will be available again . One commenter on the hotel 's website even left a note saying he could n't forget the taste of the dessert and was planning to visit Seoul again for that specific reason . Explosively popular since its 2011 debut , the apple mango bingsu has had customers literally lining up for bowls -- an unusual sight in the austere luxury hotel . "  We use the highest quality apple mangoes from Jeju Island and have opted to use a minimum amount of ingredients to keep the taste very clean and healthy , " says hotel a representative . The sought after bingsu will return with The Shilla 's reopening on August 1 . The Shilla Seoul , 202 Jangchung-dong 2-ga , Jung-gu , Seoul ; +82 2 2230 3389 CNN Travel 's series often carries sponsorship originating from the countries and regions we profile . However CNN retains full editorial control over all of its reports . Read the policy .	Park Hyatt Seoul debuted the first luxury "  bingsu " shaved-ice dessert three years ago Since then , Seoul luxury hotels have been battling to roll out the best bingsu It 's not just a vanity chase -- dessert sales are big business Hotels are debuting fancy new bingsu this summer
EW.com  -- Ready for a little more turnover in NBC 's late-night landscape ? The Peacock is apparently in early discussions with Alec Baldwin to host a talk show that would possibly air at 1:35 a.m. â $ " real estate that is currently occupied by "  Last Call with Carson Daly " â $ " according to The New York Times . A source tells EW that the proposed program could be a Tom Snyder-esque intimate interview talk show . NBC declined to comment . The 55-year-old actor , who won two Emmys during his seven seasons on "  30 Rock , " has some shiny emcee credits on his resume : He has hosted "  Saturday Night Live " no less than 16 times , he has co-hosted the Oscars , and he hosts a weekly interview podcast called "  Here 's the Thing " on WNYC , in which he journeys into the homes and dressing rooms of celebrities like Chris Rock , Michael Douglas , David Letterman , and Lena Dunham . ` NCIS ' react : OK , now it 's on ! Last week , NBC confirmed the news that Jimmy Fallon will succeed Jay Leno as host of "  The Tonight Show " in February , which means Fallon 's "  Late Night " chair will need to be filled . In addition to "  Last Call , " which is in its 12th season , Daly also hosts NBC 's "  The Voice . " See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	NBC is apparently in early discussions with Alec Baldwin to host a talk show The show could possibly air at 1:35 a.m. -- same as "  Last Call with Carson Daly " The 55-year-old actor won two Emmys during his seven seasons on "  30 Rock "
CNN  -- Two women in veils and voluminous white gowns kneel in front of a statue of the Buddha , exchanging vows and prayer beads to the languorous intonations of Buddhist chants . This unconventional ceremony on Saturday was the first same-sex Buddhist wedding held in Taiwan , where a landmark bill to legalize same-sex marriage has been pending since 2003 . No countries in Asia have legalized same-sex marriages so far , although there have been signs of progress in some -- most recently in Vietnam and Nepal . Germany 's high court expands gay rights Huang Mei-yu said she and her partner of seven years , Yu Ya-ting , decided to hold a Buddhist wedding to acknowledge their own faith , as well the predominant religion of the nation , according to the Taipei Times newspaper . They hoped the ceremony , which was performed by a renowned Buddhist master , would encourage Taiwanese society to accept same-sex marriage . "  Of course it helps  promote same-sex marriage  , said Wu Hsiao-wen , Secretary of the Taiwan LGBT Family Rights Advocacy , saying that the ceremony set a strong example for the Buddhist community . She added that its legitimacy was bolstered in the public 's eyes by its blessing from Shih Chao-hwei , a highly-respected Buddhist social activist , who presided over the ceremony . Shih founded the Hong-Shih Buddhist College and the Research Centre for Applied Ethics at Hsuan Chuang University . The Buddhist ceremony followed a mass same-sex wedding extravaganza last August , where 80 lesbian couples participated in a "  Barbie and Barbie 's wedding " in the capital city of Taipei , attracting over 1,000 guests and curious onlookers . Taiwan was the first nation in Asia to introduce a bill to legalize same-sex marriage and adoption by same-sex couples . Drafted in 2003 under former president Chen Shui-bian , it has made little headway in Taiwan 's legislature , however . Wu said the issue of same-sex marriage is often given lip service during electoral campaigns , but there is little effort to push the bill forward once the winning candidate takes office . At a gay rights awareness event in 2006 , when the current president , Ma Ying-Jeou , was the mayor of Taipei , he said homosexuality was a "  natural phenomenon " and "  gay rights are part of human rights . " Since taking office in 2008 , he has been mostly silent on the issue . Gay men , straight women : enduring bonds The government is also under pressure from Christian groups -- who comprise a small but vocal religious minority in Taiwan â $ " Wu said . Given the little political will at present , she said the pressure to push the bill through needs to come from the grassroots level . She is optimistic that same-sex marriage legislation will be passed in the next few years , saying the "  gay and lesbian community is getting stronger and stronger . " Taipei 's annual gay pride parade has become Asia 's largest since its inception in 2003 , according to organizers , attracting 50,000 people last October . Wu said this year 's parade will focus for the first time on same-sex marriage rights . Elsewhere in the region , Vietnam held its first gay pride parade on August 5 , attended by around 100 people in the capital of Hanoi . It followed inaugural gay pride parades in Myanmar and Laos in May and June , respectively . In July , Vietnam 's Justice Ministry announced it would consider including a provision for same-sex marriage rights in a proposal to the National Assembly next year , as part of an amendment to the country 's marriage laws . While LGBT activists are unsure how far the government will truly take the matter , it appears the decision may stem from practicality . "  It 's time for us to look at the reality , " Justice Minister Ha Hung Cuong said in an online debate . "  The number of homosexuals has mounted to hundreds of thousands . It 's not a small figure . ... They may own property . We , of course , have to handle these issues legally . " In May , Nepal 's Home Ministry announced it would include an "  others " category to recognize the alternative gender identities of LGBT people on citizenship certificates and other official government and business documents . Woman who had gay slurs carved in her body speaks out Nepal 's Supreme Court ruled in favour of granting full rights to LGBT people in 2008 , including the right to marry . But the Nepalese LGBT community is still waiting for these rights to be written into the country 's new permanent constitution , which has been dogged by repeated delays and protracted negotiations . "  I remember when I told my parents that we would get married , their first question was , ` Is this legal ? ' " Huang told reporters at her wedding . "  I could only say to them that it would  become legal  soon , but I did n't know when would be considered soon . So we hope it will become legal . For us and for our families , it is very important . "	Taiwan 's first same-sex Buddhist wedding ceremony held Saturday Couple hopes ceremony will promote same-sex marriage to predominantly Buddhist society Taiwan was first nation in Asia to introduce bill to legalize same-sex marriage , though it has stalled Vietnam and Nepal taking small steps to recognizing LGBT rights
CNN  -- The Obama administration wants to keep the International Space Station open for another decade , keeping the orbital research platform open through 2024 , the White House and NASA announced Wednesday . The decision extends U.S. support for the station by four years . In a joint statement Wednesday afternoon , White House science adviser John Holdren and NASA administrator Charles Bolden said the station "  offers enormous scientific and societal benefits . " NASA hopes to use the station to study the effects of long-duration space flight on astronauts in preparation for new missions beyond Earth in the coming decades . The ISS is also needed for studies of long-range space flight , as a platform for Earth science studies and to boost a growing private space industry , Bolden and Holdren said . Funding for the space station must go through Congress . The 15-year-old station currently houses six crew members , including three Russian cosmonauts , two U.S. astronauts and one Japanese astronaut . NASA currently contributes about $ 3 billion a year to its operations , which are also supported by Russia , Canada , Japan and members of the European Space Agency . "  With a partnership that includes 15 nations and with 68 nations currently using the ISS in one way or another , this unique orbiting laboratory is a clear demonstration of the benefits to humankind that can be achieved through peaceful global cooperation , " Holdren and Bolden said . "  It is important to keep this partnership intact , with America as its leader . "	Obama administration extends support for the ISS for another decade Station "  offers enormous scientific and societal benefits , " officials say ISS currently houses a crew of six , including two Americans
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Less than six months ago , eurozone watchers had been predicting the breakup of the 17-member bloc of nations as the euro plunged to a 25-month low against the U.S. dollar last July . Even as recently as November , Warren Buffett , the famed CEO of Berkshire Hathaway , said of the eurozone 's future that "  it 's hard to tell exactly how it comes out . " But since then , the euro has appreciated nearly 11 % as its member countries battled to contain sovereign debt crises , rising unemployment and social unrest . The euro now stands at a 13-month high against the greenback . And flying in the face of last year 's critics , former European Central Bank chief Jean-Claude Trichet told CNN 's Nina dos Santos that the euro "  was never about to collapse " and that its viability as a currency is solid . "  The euro as a currency has never been put in question , " asserted Trichet , while at the same time admitting the euro area 's financial stability and credit worthiness had been tested . As for the euro , he said it "  is certainly reliable and credible . " Yet , the euro 's gains over the past seven months is a mixed blessing . Arguments have long-existed for and against a stronger currency . Appreciation means investors are more confident in the euro but eurozone exports become more expensive when sold overseas ; devaluation makes the bloc 's exports more competitive globally , which many eurozone officials would prefer . But if the world 's major economies devalued their currencies to make exports more competitive and to spur their economies to growth again , it would be chaos , says Trichet . "  If the reasoning is the same in all constituencies you have nothing but ... a ` beggar-thy-neighbor ' policy which is a recipe for catastrophe . " That catastrophe could take the form of an all-out currency war . And this week , the world 's leading banks called on the G20 group of richest nations to avoid such an outcome . "  We believe major central banks should focus on enhancing their cooperation ... to guide market expectations and thus help avoid a disorderly interest rate adjustment process and undue exchange rate volatility , " the Institute of International Finance wrote in a letter to Russian Finance Minister Anton Siluanov , who is chairing the G20 finance minister 's meeting later this week . But with the eurozone in recession for the second time in four years , the desire to devalue the euro may be strong . The European Central Bank in December cut its 2013 growth forecast , with a best-case growth rate scenario of only 0.3 % . "  It is no time for complacency , " warned Trichet who added that the central banks of the United States , Japan and Europe as well as their private sectors should get their "  house  s  in order . "	Former European Central Bank chief says euro was never going to collapse In 2012 , critics predicted at least partial breakup of 17-member eurozone Euro plunged to 25-month low against U.S. dollar in July 2012 Currency war fears prevail in run-up to G20 finance ministers meeting this week
CNN  -- A day after Syrian forces overran the Homs neighborhood of Baba Amr , opposition groups said Friday that government forces had executed 14 civilians there and the Red Cross said an aid convoy seeking to deliver food and medical care was turned back . "  It is unacceptable that people who have been in need of emergency assistance for weeks have still not received any help , " said International Committee of the Red Cross President Jakob Kellenberger . "  We are staying in Homs tonight in the hope of entering Baba Amr in the very near future . In addition , many families have fled Baba Amr , and we will help them as soon as we possibly can . " Amid claims by opposition groups that Syrian officials were keeping aid workers out of Baba Amr to conceal atrocities , U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon cited reports of summary executions , arbitrary detentions and torture and called for an immediate end to the violence and for humanitarian aid agencies to be granted unfettered access . Syria 's U.N. ambassador , Bashar Ja'afari , said his government has been the victim of "  extremely virulent rhetoric " based on "  hearsay " from the opposition . "  We are not claiming that the situation in those regions is perfect ; we do not deny that there has been a deterioration in the quality of services provided by the state in those regions , but the primary reason for this is the armed attacks , " he said , alluding to repeated government assertions that foreign terrorists are behind the violence . At least 75 people died , including the 14 civilians reportedly executed in Homs and 16 others who died in Rastan when a shell fired by Syrian forces exploded in a crowd of demonstrators , according to the Local Coordination Committee of Syria , an opposition group . Deaths were also reported in Idlib , Hama , Aleppo , Deir Ezzor , Dourna , Daraa and Lattakia , according to the LCC . White House spokesman Jay Carney decried what he called the "  trigger happiness " of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's regime , saying that "  the brutality being carried out in the city of Homs in the last 24 to 48 hours is disgraceful and horrific . " "  The European Council remains determined to ensure that those responsible for the atrocities being committed in Syria are held accountable for their actions , and we 'll coordinate closely and assist those working to document these appalling crimes , " council President Herman van Rompuy said . A convoy of Red Cross trucks and Red Crescent ambulances reached Homs Friday after receiving authority from the Syrian government to enter Baba Amr on Thursday , a spokesman for the International Committee of the Red Cross . But after waiting for hours outside the Baba Amr district , ICRC officials said they were told they would not be allowed to enter . "  We reiterate the appeal we made several days ago , for a daily 2-hour halt in the fighting to allow humanitarian assistance , " Kellenberger said . Together with the reports of continuing violence in Syria , the refusal to allow aid trucks into Baba Amr paints a "  very , very alarming " picture , " said Rupert Colville , a spokesman for he U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights . "  It 's just going from bad to worse , " said Colville . British Prime Minister David Cameron called the situation in Syria "  absolutely appalling , " and demanded that humanitarian aid be allowed wherever it is needed . "  Above all , " he said , "  what I think matters is building the evidence and the picture so we hold this criminal regime to account , and to make sure it is held to account for crimes that it is committing against its people . " He spoke to reporters outside a meeting of leaders of the European Union in Brussels , Belgium . French President Nicolas Sarkozy announced Friday that France would close its embassy in Damascus and the European Union recognized the opposition Syrian National Council as the legitimate representative of Syrian people . "  The European Council remains determined to ensure that those responsible for the atrocities being committed in Syria are held accountable for their actions , and we 'll coordinate closely and assist those working to document these appalling crimes , " council President Herman van Rompuy said . The European Union issued a statement demanding al-Assad 's regime bring an immediate end to "  the massive violence and human rights abuses inflicted to the civilian population . " Kofi Annan , the former U.N. secretary-general , who has been tapped by Ban to serve as joint special envoy with the League of Arab States on Syria , was to travel next week to regional capitals , including Damascus . The U.N. Security Council unanimously called on al-Assad to grant immediate access to its humanitarian chief , Valerie Amos . Amos was denied access this week by the government , according to Ban . But on Friday afternoon , Ja'afari said she would have been welcomed . "  I personally sent information to the secretariat staff to say that the Syrian government accepted the principle of Mrs. Amos ' visit and we requested a date for the visit and that to be communicated via diplomatic channels . How can it be claimed now that Syria refused to welcome Mrs. Amos and did not allow her to visit Syria ? " The statement by the Security Council was signed by its 15 member nations , including China and Russia , a Soviet-era ally and arms dealer to Syria . Those nations previously blocked a U.S. resolution condemning the violence and calling for a transfer of power . Saudi Arabia 's ambassador to the United Nations , Abdallah Y. Al-Mouallimi , turned up the heat on Friday saying his country and other members of the Gulf Cooperation Council "  are fully prepared to be at the forefront of any joint effort aimed at saving the Syrian people and bolstering its ability to protect itself from authorities that have lost their legitimacy by shedding the blood of their own people . " He likened the lack of an international response to the attack on Thursday in Baba Amr to other failures to act to halt killing . "  It is as if we were witnessing a new Srebrenica , as if the international community learned nothing from the lessons of Rwanda , Kosovo or Gaza . " That provoked anger from Ja'afari . "  To liken that to the massacres of Srebrenica , Rwanda or Gaza , this is a disrespectful , misleading statement when it is issued by an Arab voice in this international organization , " the Syrian ambassador said . "  This is a misleading statement that serves only Israel and the enemies of the Arabs . " Also on Thursday , a U.N. Human Rights Council resolution condemned Syria 's "  widespread and systematic violations of human rights " and called on the regime to permit aid groups in to distribute relief . Despite pressure from the United Nations , the United States , the European Union and member nations of the Arab League to end the violence , al-Assad has continued to push forward with the crackdown . The conflict erupted in March of 2011 , when al-Assad 's Alawite minority-dominated government launched a crackdown against a predominantly Sunni anti-government protest movement that eventually devolved into an uprising with an armed resistance . Al-Assad is an Alawite , an offshoot of Shiite Islam . The United Nations estimates more than 7,500 people have died , while Syrian opposition group LCC says more than 9,000 people have died during the conflict . The Syrian government says more than 2,000 security personnel have been killed in the violence . Human Rights Watch , citing local sources , said 700 people had died in Homs alone since the Syrian military began its most recent campaign there in early February . CNN can not independently confirm reports of casualties because Syria has severely restricted the access of international journalists . Much of the attention recently over the violence in Syria has focused on Baba Amr , a neighborhood of five square miles that endured 26 consecutive days of shelling before rebel forces announced a "  tactical retreat " on Thursday . The Free Syria Army 's retreat from Baba Amr leaves civilians vulnerable . "  There is nowhere to go , " said British journalist Paul Conroy , who was wounded in his stomach and leg and then smuggled to Lebanon in a six-day journey from Baba Amr . "  The area is ringed by snipers so any attempt at leaving the neighborhood is met by active sniper fire . I think most people in Baba Amr had to unfortunately accept their fate . " Though he has reported before from war zones , Conroy said he considers the situation in Baba Amr to be unique . "  This is a medieval siege and slaughter . I would say quite categorically that 's the most ferocious , vicious , and unnecessary that I 've seen and there are actually no military targets within Baba Amr . All of the intense shelling is directed at the civilian population . " Syrian forces , backed by tanks , surrounded the neighborhoods of Bab Tadmur and Jib al-Jandali , the Revolutionary Council of Homs said . Intense fighting was reported in the two Sunni-dominated neighborhoods , and a video posted by an opposition activist purported to show smoke rising from Bab Tadmur after a shelling attack . On Friday , Syrian authorities handed over the bodies of journalists Marie Colvin and Remi Ochlik to the Syrian Arab Red Crescent Society and the International Committee of the Red Cross , a Red Cross spokesman said . Colvin and Ochlik were killed last week when a makeshift media center in Baba Amr came under attack by shelling . French journalist Edith Bouvier was wounded in the attack . Bouvier and journalist William Daniels , who was trapped in Baba Amr with her , returned Friday to France . The opposition group Avaaz said it helped Bouvier and Daniels to escape . CNN 's Elizabeth Joseph , Kamal Ghattas , Raja Razek , Aliza Kassim , Chelsea J. Carter and Salma Abdelaziz contributed to this report .	NEW : "  There is nowhere to go , " British journalist says of Baba Amr siege Syria victimized by "  extremely virulent rhetoric , " Ja'afari says At least 75 dead in Syria as aid trucks denied entry to besieged neighborhood The Syrian regime is committing "  appalling crimes , " the European Council president says
CNN  -- If you ever feel overwhelmed at work , imagine breaking up fights and taking a puck to the face while trying to earn a not-so-great salary . Alex Stagnone 's face once needed eight stitches while on the job , but he quickly returned to the ice , ready for another 20 minutes of relentless action . "  That 's hockey , " is a common response from any player when suffering sport-related injuries . But Stagnone , 23 , is a linesman with the ECHL , the NHL 's double-A league . "  Ninety-five percent of hockey players would n't take our job , " said hockey official Graham Skilliter , referring to the lower pay , heavy travel schedule , verbal abuse and stiff competition for a coveted officiating position in the NHL . Skilliter is an ECHL referee or "  the boss on the ice . " They make all final decisions on calls , penalties and disputed goals . Linesmen follow the action , break up fights , call minor penalties and drop the puck . Officials face a crowd of hockey fans who will never be satisfied with every call -- and fans are n't shy about voicing it . "  You get booed a lot , but you learn to like it . You get so used to it , it kind of becomes comical , " Stagnone said , adding he tries not to take it personally . After growing up playing hockey , Stagnone attended one of USA Hockey 's weeklong summer camps taught by seasoned supervisors . He then worked his way up through the tiered levels of hockey . Joe Ernst , director of Officiating for the ECHL , hires skilled skaters with good judgment who are hungry for a spot in the NHL and are physically and mentally tough . While the hockey players get regular line changes , officials only get a real break every 30 minutes . "  Our general rule of thumb is to be in as good of shape as the players , if not better , " Skilliter said . "  The players will be out for 45 seconds and go red line as hard as they can . For us , it 's more of a marathon . " During the playoffs under way now , the officials face more pressure than normal because their calls could land an important player in the penalty box or disallow a goal . So each call could have an affect on who wins the league title . Both referees and linesmen need thick skin to deal with angry coaches and players over disputed calls . "  You have to stay professional no matter how unprofessionally someone may treat you . It 's keeping your cool when most people would lose it , " Stagnone said . Officials also have to anticipate plays before they happen . It 's called "  hockey sense , " and it ca n't be taught , Skilliter said . Successful officials tune into their hockey sense by blocking out personal off-ice issues at all times , he said . Once a full-time fireman , Skilliter , a 26-year-old Saskatoon , Saskatchewan , native , now regularly travels from East Coast to West Coast . "  When we have days off , we call them ` GTL ' or gym/tan/laundry days , " Skilliter said . "  At our level , if we do n't work , we do n't get paid , so we try and stay as healthy as possible . " Since becoming a full-time official this season , Stagnone has worked 94 games between the ECHL and the slightly more skilled American Hockey League . Working developmental leagues required him to live in Omaha , Nebraska , for the last two years . This season , Stagnone relocated to Greenville , South Carolina , to work as one of 69 linesmen for the ECHL 's southeastern teams . The men are competing against others in the field for a narrow chance in the NHL while making little pay ; officiating in the lower leagues may seem like it has little to recommend itself as a career . Skilliter recommends having a solid back-up career in place , because leagues can only hire a few guys at a time . If you ca n't imagine not wearing the stripes , ask about officiating at your local hockey rink . "  You can have a career where you work 9 to 5 , but it 's not near as exciting as this , " Skilliter said . "  There are no guarantees . You have to put your life on hold and you never get to go home . You have to be a little nuts . " The pressure of making quick judgments on disputed goals or penalties is part of officiating life , but never so much as right now during the playoffs . "  In the playoffs , when the crowd gets going and there have been some big hits and things are going crazy , you do n't know what to expect next , " Stagnone said . "  That 's when you just kind of think to yourself , ` Wow , this is a pretty good job . ' "	Getting hit by pucks and breaking up fights is just one challenge for hockey officials Developmental leagues hire skilled skaters with good judgment , hungry for the NHL While the hockey players get regular line changes , officials get a break every 30 minutes "  Hockey sense , " anticipating plays before they happen , is a must for officials
CNN  -- Are your ears burning , Matthew McConaughey ? Perhaps a particular shade of ... red ? McConaughey lit a social media fire with comments about his favorite NFL team , the Washington Redskins . The capital 's gridiron representatives -- and their owner , Dan Snyder -- have been criticized more heavily in recent years for keeping a name that is considered derogatory by many native Americans . "  I love the emblem . I dig it . It gives me a little fire and some oomph , " McConaughey told GQ for its November issue . "  But now that it 's in the court of public opinion , it 's going to change . I wish it would n't , but it will . " The 44-year-old Texas native says he 's been a Redskins fan since he was 4 , when , "  watching Westerns , I always rooted for the Indians . " He also liked hamburgers , and the Skins had a player named Chris Hanburger , he added . McConaughey 's words did not go unnoticed on Twitter . "  I wish ppl would stop saying ` everybody was fine with the Redskins ' name , then all of a sudden ... ' I promise u , ` everybody ' was n't ` fine , ' " tweeted Stereo Williams . "  Matthew McConaughey wants the Redskins to keep their name , basically bc he digs the emblem & hamburgers , " Emmy Weikert tweeted . But McConaughey also had defenders . "  Actor Matthew McConaughey Publicly Challenges Leftist Nonsense ; Supports Washington REDSKINS ! " tweeted Hawkeye . A number of tweeters repeated a headline from the Independent Journal Review , a conservative viral news site : "  Guess Who Just Weighed in On the Redskins Logo Controversy with a Non-PC Take Some Sure Wo n't Like . " This is n't the first time McConaughey has defended the Redskins and his love for the team . In a June interview , McConaughey mentioned that he used to wear a headdress when attending Dallas-Washington games in Dallas . "  Cowboys fans  did n't like that I would show up , painted in burgundy , with the headdress and stuff . But they did n't throw much stuff either . It was all right , " he said . Comedian Hari Kondabolu believes he has a solution to the issue : keep the Redskins name but replace the logo with a severely sunburned white person . Suggestions , recorded on his Tumblr , have included Bob Barker , Dog the Bounty Hunter and Carrot Top . Dani , who describes herself as an "  urban Native American , " thinks the two ideas can be combined . "  Matthew Mcconaughey stays looking sunburnt and like he rolled around in some cheetos . He could be the new Redskins mascot . #changethename , " she tweeted . McConaughey 's new movie , director Christopher Nolan 's "  Interstellar , " opens November 5 .	Matthew McConaughey has been a fan of the Washington Redskins since he was 4 He talked about his love of emblem , team in GQ interview Twitter took off , some defending him and others criticizing McConaughey stars in "  Interstellar , " which opens next month
CNN  -- United Parcel Service will forfeit $ 40 million in payments it received from illegal online pharmacies and take steps to make sure such businesses no longer use the shipper 's services , the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration announced Friday . The steps are spelled out in a "  non-prosecution agreement " between the shipper and the U.S. attorney 's office in San Francisco , the agency said . It said UPS was aware that , between 2003 and 2010 , some online pharmacies were using it to ship controlled substances and other prescription drugs without valid prescriptions . "  UPS has cooperated fully with the investigation and has already taken steps to ensure that illegal Internet pharmacies can no longer use its services to ship drugs , " the DEA said in a release . UPS will pay the $ 40 million penalty and strengthen its compliance "  with respect to Internet pharmacy shippers , " Susan Rosenberg , a UPS spokeswoman , said in an e-mailed statement . "  We believe we have an obligation and responsibility to help curb the sale and shipment of drugs sold through illegal Internet pharmacies , " she said . CNN 's Devon Sayers and Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	The DEA says UPS was aware online pharmacies were using it to ship controlled substances The shipments by illegal online pharmacies occurred between 2003 and 2010 , the DEA says UPS says it will pay the $ 40 million penalty
Tal Kalakh , Syria  CNN  -- In the western town of Tal Kalakh , rebel fighters stand their ground as government forces loom just yards away . But here , bullets are n't flying . That 's because the two sides have agreed to something remarkable -- a cease-fire . While fragile , the agreement could be a blueprint for peace across more parts of the country , which has seen incessant bloodshed for 23 months . If the local cease-fire continues to hold , it would defy failures at the national and international levels to implement a meaningful halt in violence . "  We are for peace . We do n't want war . We are 100 % committed to peace , " said a rebel leader who goes by the name Al Abrash . "  But if they want a war , we are ready for that . We did n't agree to the cease-fire out of weakness . We did it to protect the women and children . " Tal Kalakh , near Syria 's border with Lebanon was one of the first cities to rebel against the regime of President Bashar al-Assad . It has seen heavy fighting since the uprising began . Many civilians were forced to flee as government and rebel fighters battled in the streets . Houses , pockmarked with signs of artillery fire , bear witness to the fierce clashes that raged here . The walls of buildings in the city center are still covered in revolutionary graffiti ; "  God is great ! Freedom , " one read and "  down with the thug , " reads another . Syrian opposition : Turkish border blast was an assassination attempt But now Tal Kalakh has become a model project of sorts . The cease-fire is a first step of a private "  reconciliation initiative " led by a sheikh and a member of Syria 's parliament . "  Before the agreement we reached , there were intense battles here . Many civilians , militants and soldiers were killed , a lot of blood was spilled . After the agreement there have been some individual violations like a soldier opening fire ... but those have been dealt with straight away , " Sheikh Habib al-Fandi said . "  Compared to the past this is a state of peace and security . " But many people in Tal Kalakh say make no mistake -- this town is still under siege . While the opposition Free Syrian Army controls Tal Kalakh , the town is surrounded by regime troops . Residents , surprised to see an international TV crew escorted by officials into their city , swarmed around the CNN team in the main square . More than a dozen people complained about harassment by government-backed militias known as "  Shabeeha . " One man with his three young children said he could not leave the city out of fear government forces would detain him . Another man said his two sons were among more than 400 Tal Kalakh residents detained since the uprising . Residents and fighters said they have had to create a makeshift graveyard close to the city center because regime troops have prevented them from reaching the main cemetery . Al-Abrash and some of his fighters gathered for prayers at the small garden where they recently buried their dead . He says three rebels have been killed since the cease-fire began . But signs of normalcy have sprouted amid the country 's prolonged civil war . Some shops have reopened and the town center has come back to life . The governor of Homs , where Tal Kalakh is located , described the city as once being "  extremely dangerous and volatile , " but now he says he is able to visit and even meet with the militants . He says Tal Kalakh is an experiment . "  If the media and military support of terrorism is stopped ... I am convinced Homs will go back to what it was like within four months , " Governor Ahmad Munir Mohammad said . While rebel and government forces keep their positions around town , an unusual meeting takes place between a parliamentarian and rebels . The parliamentarian , Eyad Sulaiman , is an Alawite -- the same sect of Islam that President Bashar al-Assad belongs to . But he 's accepted by the mostly Sunni members of the Free Syrian Army . The men agree on almost everything : They do n't want a sectarian rift in Syria , they do n't want foreign jihadist fighters entering the country , and they say government thugs must be stopped from harassing the population here . Sulaiman says the local cease-fire in Tal Kalakh might work elsewhere . "  We have already tried to apply this concept in areas of Damascus ... so this can be applied anywhere in Syria , as long as there is no interference by other countries , " the parliamentarian said . Still , both sides acknowledge , the fighting could reignite anytime . Abu Udey a rebel commander who accuses regime troops of continued provocations , said : "  We do n't kill people as a hobby ... the security forces in the area do n't want a truce . " And there 's one fundamental mission the rebels will not back down from . "  Our goal is to bring down the regime , " Al Abbrash said . "  It 's impossible to change that -- impossible to back down from that goal . " Abu Udey says the men in his city were forced to arm themselves after peaceful demonstrations were met by violence from regime forces . "  If we achieve what we want -- -LSB- to -RSB- bring down the regime through peaceful means -- we are ready to lay down our arms for peace , " Abu Udey said . Syrian artist 's vision of love amid devastation of war goes viral CNN 's Holly Yan contributed to this report .	The cease-fire was brokered with the help of a sheikh and a member of parliament "  Compared to the past , this is a state of peace and security , " the sheikh says The parliamentarian says the cease-fire in Tal Kalakh could spread across the country But a rebel stands firm in his stance : "  Our goal is to bring down the regime "
CNN  -- Eli Wallach , whose long acting career included performances in "  The Magnificent Seven , " "  The Good , the Bad and the Ugly , " "  The Godfather Part III " and "  Wall Street : Money Never Sleeps , " has died . He was 98 . Wallach died Tuesday night . A family member confirmed his death to CNN . Wallach was long one of Hollywood 's favorite character actors , giving his parts -- often villains , mobsters or shopkeepers -- an added touch of menace with his gravelly voice . In "  The Magnificent Seven " and "  The Good , the Bad and the Ugly " -- two key '60s Westerns -- he played bandits . He also played opposite some of the biggest stars in history . His more than 150 credits includes roles in "  The Misfits "  1961  , with Clark Gable and Marilyn Monroe ; "  Lord Jim "  1965  , with Peter O'Toole and James Mason ; "  Tough Guys "  1986  , with Kirk Douglas and Burt Lancaster ; "  The Two Jakes "  1990  , with Jack Nicholson ; and even a small , uncredited role in "  Mystic River "  2003  , starring Sean Penn and Tim Robbins and directed by Clint Eastwood -- his co-star in "  The Good , the Bad and the Ugly . " But Wallach 's heart was in live theater , where he originated parts in such works as Tennessee Williams ' "  The Rose Tattoo " and Eugene Ionesco 's "  Rhinoceros . " "  For actors , movies are a means to an end , " Wallach told The New York Times in 1973 . "  I go and get on a horse in Spain for 10 weeks , and I have enough cushion to come back and do a play . " Eli Herschel Wallach was born in Brooklyn , New York , on December 7 , 1915 . Though he was Jewish , he grew up in a largely Italian neighborhood , an experience that would later help him in a number of roles . "  I grew up watching Italians . And , in ` The Good , the Bad , and the Ugly , '  director  Sergio Leone said , ` You have to pray in here . Cross yourself . You know how to cross yourself ? ' I said , ` Well , I 'm Jewish , but I learned how to cross myself because the Italians did it every day 30 , 40 times a day , crossing themselves , ' " he said in an interview with the blog Old New York Stories . Wallach attended the University of Texas -- among his classmates was Walter Cronkite -- and served in the Army during World War II . After the war , he attended the Actors Studio and became a leading devotee of the Method , the approach to acting that asks performers to draw on their own experiences and emotions for an interior understanding of the part .  Lee Strasberg , perhaps the Method 's primary American popularizer , once said , "  Method acting is what all actors have always done whenever they acted well . " He won a Tony for his performance in "  The Rose Tattoo " and also acted in "  Mister Roberts , " "  The Teahouse of the August Moon " and "  Major Barbara . " He made his film debut in another Tennessee Williams work , "  Baby Doll "  1956  , three years after turning down the role of Maggio in "  From Here to Eternity "  1953  . That part went to Frank Sinatra and revitalized his career . "  Every time Sinatra met me after that , he would say to me , ` Hello , you crazy actor , ' " he told Old New York Stories . He almost turned down the part in "  Magnificent Seven , " but changed his mind when he saw how he could shape the role of the bandit Calvera , he told the website American Legends . "  I went to  director John  Sturges and said , ` In movie Westerns , you never see what the bandits do with the money . ... I want to show how they spend it . I want to have silk shirts . I 'm going to put in two gold teeth . I want a good horse , a wonderful saddle . ' Sturges said , ` OK . You got it . ' " "  Magnificent Seven " also starred Yul Brynner , Steve McQueen , James Coburn and Charles Bronson and featured Elmer Bernstein 's stirring score . Of the leading members of the cast , only Robert Vaughn is still alive . Wallach worked steadily , whether on stage , the big screen or small -- especially if the TV series was based in New York . He was in a 1992 episode of "  Law & Order " and performed in the short-lived "  Tribeca " and "  100 Centre Street . " But work was work , and that also meant parts in "  ER , " "  Murder , She Wrote , " "  Highway to Heaven " and the TV movie "  The Executioner 's Song . " He made "  Wall Street : Money Never Sleeps "  2010  when he was 94 . He had a sense of humor about his fame . He titled his memoir "  The Good , the Bad and Me , " since his role in "  The Good , the Bad and the Ugly " was "  the Ugly " -- Tuco , the sometimes buffoonish bandit . And he enjoyed the spotlight -- even when he was promoting his book . "  I 'm having fun answering questions , " he said in a publisher 's interview . "  A woman asked me , ` Is that your real name ? ' And I said , ` How do you dream up a name like mine ? ' " Wallach is survived by his wife , actress Anne Jackson , to whom he was married for 66 years ; three children and many grandchildren . Why the Pope was an Eli Wallach fan People we 've lost in 2014	Eli Wallach was hardworking and prolific character actor Among his films : "  Magnificent Seven , " "  The Good , the Bad and the Ugly " Wallach frequently performed on stage as well
London  CNN  -- Royal watchers eagerly await the arrival of a child who will be heir to the British throne . Here 's what you need to know and the latest developments : • The appearance of a couple looking very like William and Catherine outside the hospital where she is expected to give birth provided a moment of excitement -- but it was a stunt organized by The Sun , Britain 's best-selling tabloid newspaper . • As the wait for the royal baby continues , so does the debate over the Duchess of Cambridge 's actual due date . Britain 's Telegraph newspaper reports Friday , citing "  well-placed sources , " that medical staff at St. Mary 's Hospital -- where Catherine is expected to give birth -- were told the due date was July 19 . • A royal source told CNN that her due date was July 13 . She and Prince William announced at the start of the year that the baby was due in July , but did not announce the date . Why are some babies overdue ? • The Duchess of Cambridge is expected to give birth in the private Lindo Wing of St. Mary 's Hospital , next to Paddington Station in London . It 's where William was born , as was his brother Harry . Catherine 's mother , Carole Middleton , is likely to be on hand at the hospital . • Could the world 's media be camped outside the wrong hospital , though ? The Telegraph reported that a contingency plan is in place for Catherine to give birth at the Royal Berkshire Hospital in Reading , if she goes into labor while staying at her parents ' home in Berkshire , and its swift progress means the journey back to London is impractical . • There 's no doubting the media interest in the royal birth . The Sun newspaper is streaming live video of the entrance to the Lindo Wing , as is Stylist magazine . The days-long vigil outside the hospital has also inspired a spew of #GreatKateWait tweets from the waiting media pack -- as rounded up by New York Magazine . • One person who wo n't be at the Lindo Wing is Home Secretary Theresa May . Asked by a fellow lawmaker whether she would be attending the royal birth , as was formerly customary , she replied : "  In fact , it is no longer the case that the home secretary is required to attend a royal birth . The tradition -- now defunct -- goes back many centuries , she said , explaining that "  the home secretary had to be there to evidence that it was genuinely a royal birth and that a baby had n't been smuggled in . " • Some people are thinking further ahead already . An Ipsos Mori poll released Thursday revealed almost two-thirds of those surveyed think William and Catherine 's child should have a normal job before taking on royal duties . One in five disagrees . However , 70 % of those polled think that it is impossible for the children of royalty to have a normal upbringing . The same survey found support for Britain 's monarchy remains high , with more than three-quarters in favor of a monarchy over a republic . • There 's been plenty of speculation about the baby 's name -- and betting is going strong . The famous Battersea Dogs and Cats Home in London , which takes in and finds homes for lost and unwanted pets , has gone a step further and named a litter of kittens after the bookies ' favorites : Alexandra , Charlotte , Elizabeth , Victoria , Grace , James and George . • Queen Elizabeth II is among those keen for the new baby to greet the world . On a visit to northern England on Wednesday , she was asked by a little girl whether she wants her great-grandchild to be a boy or a girl . The queen replied : "  I do n't think I mind . I would very much like it to arrive . I 'm going on holiday . " • Prince Charles ' wife , Camilla , the Duchess of Cornwall , said Monday that the family was on tenterhooks for the baby 's arrival -- and suggested it could be very soon . "  We 're all waiting at the end of a telephone , " she said , in an exchange filmed by ITV . "  I hope by the end of the week , he or she will be there . " • The baby will have the title His or Her Royal Highness Prince or Princess  the baby 's name  of Cambridge , St. James 's Palace said this month . However , it could be as long as 10 days before the baby 's name is announced . • Anyone born in Britain on the same day as William and Catherine 's baby will receive a special coin from the Royal Mint : a silver penny , dated 2013 , that will come in a blue pouch for a boy or a pink one for a girl . • The first indication that the royal baby is on its way will be an announcement in the media that the duchess has been admitted to the hospital in the early stages of labor , royal sources tell CNN . The next public announcement is expected to be that of the birth . It will be made in the form of a formal bulletin , signed by medical staff and rushed in a car with a police escort to Buckingham Palace . There , the notice will be placed in a gilt frame positioned on an easel -- the same one used to announce William 's birth -- and placed in the palace forecourt for all to see . • The first to know about the royal baby will be Queen Elizabeth II , Prime Minister David Cameron and the governors general of each of the commonwealth nations , along with the rest of the royal and Middleton families . If the baby arrives in the middle of the night , it 's unlikely the queen will be awoken , so there is a chance in that instance that an official announcement will not be made until the following morning . • Celebratory gun salutes will be sounded by the King 's Troop Royal Horse Artillery in Green Park  41 rounds  and the Honorable Artillery Company at the Tower of London  62 rounds  after the baby is born . • William and Catherine did not want to know the sex of their baby beforehand , royal sources say . There has been speculation it is a girl , however , especially after a member of the public said in March that the duchess almost uttered "  daughter " while at a public event in Grimsby . The woman said the duchess was given a teddy bear and replied , "  Thank you , I will take that for my d -- " but then stopped herself . • The baby will be third in line to the throne after Prince Charles and Prince William , regardless of gender . A rule change in 2011 ended centuries of male primogeniture , which decreed that the crown passed to the eldest son and was bestowed on a daughter only when there were no sons . It means that if the next royal baby is a girl , she will eventually become queen ; previously , a younger male sibling would have taken precedence . • The queen 's cousin , Margaret Rhodes , told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour she hoped the child would have a normal childhood . "  I imagine and hope that its early life , until it 's at least in its teens , will be just a jolly , happy , ordinary child 's life , " she said . • It 's not known where the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge plan to spend the days and weeks following the birth . William is expected to be given the usual paternity leave of two weeks by the Ministry of Defence , royal sources say . He will then return to his job as a helicopter search and rescue pilot . • The revelation that Catherine was pregnant came after she was admitted to a London hospital in December for acute morning sickness .	William and Catherine lookalikes prompt a flutter of excitement outside hospital The media debate Catherine 's likely due date as the wait for the royal baby continues The queen does n't mind if the baby 's a boy or a girl -- she just wants it to arrive soon Poll suggests Britons want the royal heir to lead a normal life -- including a regular job
CNN  -- A New Jersey man has launched a website to publicize what he calls "  a culture of bullying " by teachers in his son 's Cherry Hill classroom after sending the boy -- who has been diagnosed with autism -- to school with a covert recording device . Stuart Chaifetz said he placed the recorder in the pocket of his 10-year-old son , Akian , in an attempt to find out why staffers at Horace Mann Elementary School had reported that the boy had been acting out and hitting his teachers . What surfaced was more than six hours of recordings of what he says are teachers and aides apparently talking about alcohol and sex in front of the class , punctuated by yelling at his son to "  shut your mouth . " Chaifetz posted the recording online Monday , which has since led to disciplinary actions , including the removal of at least one teacher , school officials said . At one point , an adult female voice can be heard saying in the recording , "  I had a bottle of wine with my girlfriend last night . " The second female voice asks if she spent the morning "  heaving . " "  Oh my God , so bad , " the first woman responds . "  The wine won . " Chaifetz said he reached out to school officials to report the alleged actions of the teacher and her aides . "  The school district was as horrified as I was , " he said . In an online statement , Cherry Hill Public Schools Superintendent Dr. Maureen Reusche said that the district investigated the recordings and "  responded swiftly and appropriately . " "  I want to assure our parents that the individuals who are heard on the recording raising their voices and inappropriately addressing children no longer work in the district and have not since shortly after we received the copy of the recording , " she said . Chaifetz -- who said he did n't think the disciplinary action went far enough -- posted a video on YouTube of himself denouncing the incident , interspersed with the recordings . He also launched a website called "  No More Teacher/Bullies , " with additional audio clips of the incident . He said his son can be heard screaming and crying in the recording . Chaifetz said an earlier meeting with school officials about his son 's behavior prompted the decision to place the recording device in the boy 's pocket . He was n't getting answers as to why Akian had been acting out , so he decided to bug the boy , he said . It was unlike his son to misbehave and hit his teachers , Chaifetz said , though he had difficulty getting answers from Akian because he struggles with speaking . "  He was n't able to come home and say , ` Dad , they called me a name today . ' " Chaifetz says he wants an apology from the teachers and claims one of them apparently has been transferred to a local high school in the same district . CNN can not independently confirm that claim . School officials said they would not comment on personnel issues . CNN 's Mary Snow contributed to this report .	Stuart Chaifetz said he placed a recording device in the pocket of his son , Akian The 10-year-old boy has been diagnosed with autism Six hours of recordings revealed teachers apparently talking about alcohol and sex , he says Schools officials say they "  responded swiftly and appropriately " after investigating
CNN  -- California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger plans to sue the federal government over its decision not to allow a California plan to reduce greenhouse gas emissions , he announced Thursday . California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger says the state will sue the federal government . Environmental Protection Agency chief Stephen Johnson announced the decision Wednesday , refusing the state 's request for a waiver that would have allowed it to cut emissions faster than a new federal plan the president signed into law Wednesday . "  It 's another example of the administration 's failure to treat global warming with the seriousness that it actually demands , " the governor said at a news conference Thursday . Bush on Thursday defended the decision of his EPA administrator . "  Is it more effective to let each state make a decision as to how to proceed in curbing greenhouse gases ? Or is it more effective to have a national strategy ? " he said . Citing the new energy law -- which sets a fuel economy standard for the whole country -- Bush said Johnson "  made a decision based upon the fact that we passed a piece of legislation that enables us to have a national strategy . " But Schwarzenegger said he would like to set a higher standard for California . "  Anything less than aggressive action on the greatest environmental threat of all time is inexcusable , " he said . Watch Schwarzenegger slam the Bush administration for denying California the waiver " The new federal law will increase fuel efficiency standards by 40 percent by 2020 , requiring automakers to bring their fleets to an average of 35 miles per gallon . The California plan , however , would cut emissions by nearly 30 percent by 2016 , raising fuel efficiency standards in the state to 43.7 miles per gallon for passenger cars and some SUVs and trucks , while larger vehicles would need to reach 26.9 mpg by that year . In all , 16 states had either adopted California 's tough standards or announced plans to do so . A top aide to Schwarzenegger said the governor has been frustrated with the White House over emissions standards , and was very exasperated after a February meeting with Johnson . EPA officials say they went the extra mile with Schwarzenegger , even taking the unusual step of holding a second hearing in California on emissions . They say they 're sorry he 's upset , but they believe a national standard on emissions is going to be more effective . A White House official would only react to Schwarzenegger 's frustration by saying the administration "  looks forward to working with him on a variety of issues . " In the ebb-and-flow relationship between Schwarzenegger and Bush , sources close to the governor say this is a low point . "  It 's never been a warm , throw-your-arms-around-the-shoulders kind of relationship , " said former Schwarzenegger adviser Joel Fox . "  Even during the re-election campaign for the president , he would come to California and the governor would n't always be there to greet him . " Fox said Schwarzenegger and Bush have cooperated on issues like immigration , but the two have differed on several issues , including stem cell research funding , the expansion of the State Children 's Health Insurance Program and climate change . "  He 's got a pretty strong personality , the governor has , and wants to get things done . If the federal government is one of those obstacles , then he 'll run that tank he has over it . It 's not particularly anything personal , I think . " Schwarzenegger is much closer -- personally and politically -- to the president 's father , former President George H.W. Bush , another aide said . E-mail to a friend From CNN 's Brian Todd and Dugald McConnell .	California governor upset about feds ' rejection of state greenhouse gas plan EPA denies state waiver that would have allowed it to cut emissions faster Governor says California 's plan is more effective and quicker than feds ' plan Schwarzenegger : Bush administration not taking global warming seriously
CNN  -- Crossing the road can be dangerous -- even if you 're the largest land animal on the planet . Thousands of elephants roam Chobe National Park in northern Botswana , a wildlife haven that 's home to one of the highest elephant concentrations in Africa . Right next to the vast park lies Kasane , a small town situated on the banks of the Chobe river . Here , humans live side by side with large herds of migrating elephants that wander through the area in search of food and fresh water -- and this has created a lot of tension . "  The conflict here is about space , " says Tempe Adams , a PhD candidate monitoring the movement of animals in Kasane as part of her work with conservation group Elephants Without Borders . "  That 's what it comes down to , " she adds . "  Allowing wildlife to have space to move through . " Adams 's research is looking at the functionality of small-scale wildlife corridors within urban communities , examining whether they can be an effective way to avoid human-wildlife conflict before it happens . Using motion detection cameras , the researcher is monitoring eight different corridors in the area , some of which are as small as five meters wide . One of the key points of the human-wildlife conflict in Kasane is a two-lane highway that cuts through the corridors the elephants use as they make their way to the Chobe river to drink and bathe . "  All the corridors I 'm monitoring have to go past this road , " explains Adams . "  There are a high number of accidents each year , " she adds , "  generally in the evening when visual acuity is poor , which coincides with the busiest time for wildlife utilization . " Read this : Rangers risk their lives to save elephants As part of her study , Adams is looking at the frequency of car usage and whether that correlates to how the herds of elephants are moving through the area . As it turns out , the majestic mammals are adapting to human behavior -- especially on weekends . "  It 's amazing , " she says . "  There 's a bar at each of the corridors they have to pass by . I was looking at the results and I could suddenly see there 's this big drop in wildlife coming through on Friday and Saturday nights . I thought what 's going on ? It 's so obvious ... animals are adapting to our habits -- and our drinking habits , " adds Adams . "  It 's amazing to think they know when it 's going to be lots of people and rowdy and very busy and they just do n't come at that time ; or they 'll come in later or come in when it 's quieter . " Why corridors are important Elephants Without Borders was recently tasked with leading what 's being called the Great Elephant Census , a pan-African aerial survey aimed at securing more accurate data on the continent 's elephant population . But while the group is known for its extensive , cross-border research , it believes that urban small-scale corridors , the effectiveness of which is examined now for the first time , could be just as important . "  It 's such a basic concept , " explains Adams . "  Just give wildlife the space to come in ; they will use and the conflict will be reduced . " Read this : Boy 's website helps tourists spot big beasts Kelly Landen , EWB program manager , says that in a human-dominated landscape , corridors provide safe passage for wildlife to access valuable resources like food and water . "  If corridors are n't provided for or are blocked , then the wildlife will do what they must to get to those vital resources , as their survival depends on it -- even if it means having to forge through villages , homesteads and farms . And that creates human and wildlife conflict , in which both people and the wildlife suffer . " EWB says that currently if a passage is labeled a wildlife corridor it is designated on the town 's land management and development plans , indicating that the area can not be allocated for another use other than as an access route for wildlife . However , the group is pushing for more stringent terminology and adapted legal rules to be applied to these passages . The overall plan is to have designated wildlife corridors in legislation , so as towns grow there are set paths for elephants to use and ultimately lessen the impact of their growing numbers . "  Elephants are extremely intelligent and have the capability to learn how to adapt to changes within their environment , " says Landen . "  So , as a town becomes more and more developed , they will look for new routes allowing them access to what they need -- as long as there are those access routes . " Returning to ancestral homelands With around 130,000 African elephants , Botswana has the continent 's largest elephant population . It is seen as the last stronghold of the magnificent mammals in the continent ; while other countries rare facing declining populations , Botswana must deal with rising elephant numbers and their impact on local communities and the environment . Read this : Will elephants still roam earth in 20 years ? "  That 's the tragedy and the paradox of conservation in Botswana , " says Mike Chase , founder of EWB . "  Elephants have become a victim of their own success . "  Can this environment sustain 130,000 elephants , eight elephants per square kilometer that are chewing up 250 kilos of vegetation per day ? " asks Chase . "  Clearly not -- so we 've got to create safe passages and corridors so that these elephants can move out of Botswana , release this bottleneck and repopulate areas such as southeast Angola and southwest Zambia , where elephants occur at very low densities and can be a magnet for eco-tourism . " Research has shown that the home ranges in northern Botswana are the largest ever recorded for African elephants , which are free to roam across Zimbabwe , Namibia , Angola and Zambia . The EWB 's findings helped create the world 's largest wildlife preservation known as The Kavango Zambezi Transfrontier Conservation Area , or KAZA . This is an international conservation region in southern Africa , spanning 440,000 square kilometers across five countries . The initiative is protecting some of the wildlife corridors and habitats identified by EWB . Read this : Enter world 's largest conservation zone "  Despite all the despair and loss of hope , there 's a glimmer of opportunity here in the KAZA area , where elephants are repopulating ancestral homelands where they were evicted from 30 years ago , " says Chase . "  KAZA is really the last hope for elephants , " he adds . "  This romance of elephants moving from the coastal plains of Cape Town , through Victoria Falls , across the Zambezi river to the foothills of Mount Kilimanjaro -- I yearn for that ; I see that in elephants and KAZA provides for conservation at a scale at which these species evolved . " This is a grand vision for these great giants -- reestablishing their footprint across the continent . Read this : Boy scares off lions with flashy invention In pictures : 20 years of photographing in Africa	Africa 's largest elephant population can be found in Botswana Elephants Without Borders is testing small-scale urban wildlife corridors The goal is to see whether these passages can be used to avoid human-wildlife conflict Conservationists say elephants learn to adapt to changes in their environment
CNN  -- "  You 've probably seen them bagging groceries , " said the geneticist attempting to explain to my wife and me that our 1-day-old daughter , Ellie , had Down syndrome and what that meant for her future . Her age was measured only in hours and already , expectations for Ellie 's potential had been capped . Earlier , we were sitting in a recovery room holding Ellie , hosting visitors , e-mailing pictures along with requisite weight and length statistics and basking in the afterglow of a seamless delivery and the addition of a beautiful , healthy daughter . Then Ellie was carted off to the "  well baby " nursery for a routine examination by a pediatrician . My wife and I exhaled and exchanged a silent smile . A brief window of unmitigated joy . We did not know our calm would soon break . As we would learn , Ellie had been relocated to the hospital 's neonatal intensive care unit because of a heart condition suspected by the pediatrician . Her prognosis was encouraging , but her immediate condition was tenuous -- she needed supplemental oxygen and medication to help her heart and lungs work properly . And , we were told , a geneticist would visit us to discuss an additional diagnosis . That "  additional diagnosis " was hardly the afterthought it sounded at the time . What is Down syndrome ? Down syndrome is a chromosomal condition caused by the presence of a third copy of the 21st chromosome . It is the most common chromosomal condition , affecting more than 400,000 Americans , according to the National Down Syndrome Society . Down syndrome is associated with delayed cognitive ability and physical growth . I secretly hoped that it was all just a bad dream . But instead of awaking to relief , each morning was greeted with pounding guilt for wishing that Ellie was any different than the miracle she was destined to be . Learn more about Down syndrome We coped with the stress of her heart complication , from which she recovered by the time she was 3 months old , and we began to accept the challenges associated with Down syndrome that lay ahead . But the visual painted by the geneticist of Ellie as an adult , wearing a name tag and struggling to load a milk carton into a grocery bag , was etched in our minds . That description of Ellie 's diminished outlook , delivered as a foregone conclusion , was difficult to accept . Her promise , stolen . It was an injustice that took time to fully appreciate and gnaws at me even today . Ellie , now almost 5 , has tackled life head on , making friends and enjoying childhood while enduring endless hours of physical , occupational and speech therapies to track milestones that come naturally for her older brother . Ellie has braved "  two-a-days " her entire life , showing up on time and ready to play . A dad 's confession : I almost left my disabled daughter Never have I been more proud than witnessing Ellie walk for the first time . Knees wobbly and body trembling , she reached to the outstretched arms there to support her while shooting a look that signaled , "  I 've got this . " In the nearly five years since Ellie 's birth , we 've experienced vast misunderstandings about the potential for individuals with Down syndrome . Too often , people look at Ellie and see "  disability . " They see "  ca n't . " Even highly educated clinicians are not immune to misconception , electing to chart her against diminished benchmarks of success and suggest that Ellie should settle for less because "  that 's just the way most kids with ` Downs ' are . " A long list of possible accomplishments And yet , we 've met adults with Down syndrome who can check boxes for successful student , accomplished athlete , productive employee , prom king or queen or husband or wife . And while scientific breakthroughs and novel therapies should further advance the potential of Ellie 's generation in the long-term , her daily accomplishments demand that we discount her disadvantages now . They demand that we focus on her abilities and expect more from her . The contradiction between Ellie 's accomplishments and the geneticist 's projection has shaped how we parent all three of our children  Ellie now also has a younger brother  . We believe that children , whether they have Down syndrome or not , tend to perform to the level of expectations placed upon them . Expectations are often misconstrued as setting a floor on performance . Rather , we believe expectations serve as a ceiling , so we 've learned the trick is to set high expectations balanced with reassurances that it is OK to fail . And the only true failure is not testing the boundaries of our capabilities , wherever that may be . From early on , we 've educated Ellie 's brothers about Down syndrome and what that means for her -- "  Ellie can do everything you can do ; it just may take her longer or require extra help , but she 'll get there eventually . " Her older brother , then 3 , retorted , "  Can she go to the moon ? " "  Yes , " we responded . "  Maybe someday she can go to the moon . " Of course , it 's important to recognize challenges and provide resources to address them . It 's true , Ellie needs support , and lots of it . But , too often , people focus on her disadvantages and lose sight of her strengths . Even school administrators try to classify her , listing her deficits , setting expectations low and building a case to separate her from her typically developing peers despite numerous studies that would suggest including her with her peers is mutually beneficial . But pigeonholing her is the path of least resistance . Low expectations are , after all , the easiest to meet . Behind that cute face is steely grit The people closest to Ellie know the truth . They know that she is capable of much more than what most expect of her . That they should n't be fooled by her infectious smile , capable of lighting up a room , because behind that cute facade is a fiercely determined girl . Ellie proves that every Saturday during her rock climbing class . Sure , she is intimidated by the 30-foot walls , struggles with the climb and rarely makes it all the way to the top . But after a brief break , she 'll look at me and say , "  Again , Daddy . " And , equally importantly , the people closest to Ellie also know she is just like most of the 4-year-old girls in her preschool class . She is a princess at heart who loves to host play dates and go swimming . She enjoys playing catch with her brothers and occasionally catches flak for teasing them . She 's more alike than different . Recently , we asked Ellie 's older brother , "  Do you remember what it means for Ellie to have Down syndrome ? " "  Yes , " he answered . "  It means she can go to the moon . But it 's not fair , why does Ellie get the extra ` chrome ? ' " He was referring to Ellie 's extra copy of chromosome 21 , the defining characteristic of Down syndrome . If only our society could look through that same lens and focus on abilities rather than disabilities . A prenatal screen pegged the odds of Ellie having Down syndrome at less than one in 3,000 , so we like to think Ellie has defied expectations from the very beginning . And we trust she will continue to do so from here on out . Though we hope , one day , she wo n't have to . We hope one day our expectations of her , as a society , are more limitless than they are limited . Ellie has taught us many lessons about parental love , but perhaps the most important of which is not letting societal expectations dictate all that a child can be . As we enter the new year , we tend to make lots of resolutions -- most of which are forgotten long before February . I 'm hoping Ellie 's story can help us make a more lasting resolution , together , to recalibrate our societal expectations . Let 's recognize the disadvantage , but not overcompensate for it by setting the bar too low . Let 's , for this new year and all that follow after , see the "  can " in those children affected by Down syndrome . In fact , let 's do that for all our children -- extra chromosome or not . And , as for Ellie , she 'll see you on the moon . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bret Bowerman .	Bret Bowerman 's daughter , Ellie , is 4 and was born with Down syndrome He feels that lowered expectations unnecessarily limit children with disabilities "  Too often , people look at Ellie and see ` disability . ' They see ` ca n't , ' " he writes Have a personal essay to share with the world ? Submit at CNN iReport
Washington  CNN  -- First lady Michelle Obama is a popular American political figure , even more so than her husband . Her name , face and stories of her influence behind the scenes are a constant in the media , and sometimes in not so flattering words and images . In books , she is portrayed as battling with White House insiders . In magazines , she has been satirized as a militant activist . On TV , she responds to those who see her as an "  angry black woman . " But still , she stays centered , focusing on her issues -- health and young children , military families and raising her family inside the White House bubble . "  The administration is doing everything they can to keep her out in the public eye and remind everyone why they liked this family in the first place , " said Garrett Graff , editor of The Washingtonian magazine . CNN iReport exclusive : Michelle Obama But that warm embrace is n't universal , and the first lady made note of it in a recent interview with CBS . "  There will always be people who do n't like me , " Obama told Gayle King on "  CBS This Morning . " Ever since her husband announced his candidacy for the 2008 presidential race , she said some have viewed her as "  some kind of angry black woman . " First ladies are always placed under the microscope and often become the targets of harsh critics . Paul Begala , a former adviser in the Clinton administration , said the public is an equal opportunity offender . "  Some liberals attacked Nancy Reagan unfairly . A whole lot of conservatives attacked Hillary Clinton when I was working for her husband in the White House , " said Begala , who is also a CNN contributor . For Michelle Obama the first punch came shortly after then-Sen . Barack Obama decided to run for president . Beaming with pride , she told an audience that "  for the first time in my adult lifetime I 'm really proud of my country . " That comment drew fire from conservatives who questioned her patriotism . She was forced to clarify her remarks . Then there was the portrayal of her on the cover of The New Yorker . A sketch showed her with a machine gun slung across her back , sporting an Afro and wearing combat boots like 1960s activist Angela Davis . Opinion : Working together for the health of America 's children The first lady has carved out a public role for herself as a strong advocate for military families and promoter of a healthy lifestyle , especially for children . At events or in TV appearances , she is only too willing to tout her fitness by joining in jumping jacks or getting down on the ground for push-ups . On "  The Tonight Show With Jay Leno , " she playfully pressured the late-night entertainer to eat his veggies . She challenged talk-show host Jimmy Fallon to a tug-of-war contest in the White House . Beyond promoting her initiatives , the first lady also has used the spotlight to pull the curtain back on her softer side . Whether it 's talking about her role as a mom or trying her hand at acting , such as a recent cameo appearance on the hit Nickelodeon comedy "  iCarly , " Obama tries to bring humor and personality inside the Washington bubble . The Washingtonian 's Graff said the first lady plays a unique role in American society . "  We do n't expect them to have the gravitas of the president , and so you can have a little more fun , be in photo opportunities and do things the president ca n't do because of his office , " he said . As the president campaigns for a second term , the first lady is also able to do something else . Her trips often take her to key battleground states , where her message re-enforces the president 's policies and her presence at fundraisers raises campaign cash . "  I know that if we come together and we do this work , we will elect the president that this country deserves , " she recently told Obama supporters . At another event , she pumped up the audience with a call and answer riff : "  Do you have his back ? Are you fired up ? Are you ready to go ? " Said Begala , who considers himself an Obama supporter : "  I think the first lady is not only the president 's greatest asset in his political campaign ; she 's his greatest asset in his life . Political hacks like me would like to use her all the time . " But Begala warned she should n't be overused or become "  too political " because that could "  diminish her value . " In her supporting role , she is trying to strike a balance as wife , mother and first lady while challenging a lingering negative image that she insists is off the mark . "  I just hope that over time , that people get to know me , " she told CBS .	Michelle Obama is viewed as an asset to her husband 's re-election campaign She 's advocate for military families and promoter of healthy lifestyle , especially for kids Still , negative images in the media have dogged the first lady She responds to those who have called her an "  angry black woman "
Budget Travel  -- Some of my greatest travel memories are about exploring the local markets -- digging through the goods , chatting with vendors , feeling my way through the nuances of a spirited negotiation . Each time , I walk away with an earful of native lore and insider info -- on top of armfuls of awesome finds . The Springfield Antique Show and Flea Market in Ohio takes place one weekend each month , excluding February and July . Once , I picked up a pair of swingy silver earrings at a market in Uruguay and simultaneously bagged a tip for the best spot to dance to candombe music , something the seller insisted I do while wearing my new purchase . It was just the kind of authentic encounter I 'd never have found in a shop on the main drag . Each of these American markets will leave you with that same richness of experience -- as well as heaps of quality souvenirs . Who needs another plastic snow globe , anyway ? BRIMFIELD ANTIQUE & FLEA MARKET SHOWS Where & when : Brimfield , Massachusetts ; six consecutive days each in mid-May , July and September . What : A local auctioneer , Gordon Reid , started this outdoor market , now the country 's largest , on a somewhat humbler stage back in 1959 : his own backyard . Now , more than 1 million visitors flood in every year to shop the peerless selection of affordable New England collectibles  weather vanes , decoys and Nantucket baskets  and maritime accoutrements  brass lamps and ships ' wheels  spread across more than 20 "  fields " on either side of the town 's main road , each containing hundreds of vendors . Budget Travel : 20 great flea markets around the world Three of the best fields are Dealer 's Choice , known for its quality rustic furniture ; Heart-O-The Mart , favored for hobnail glassware and intact grain sacks ; and J&J Auction Acres , flush with high-end items like colonial cherrywood chests and convex mirrors . Even the food has a regional bent : Try the generously sized $ 10 lobster rolls , the fresh-popped kettle corn , and the Pilgrim Sandwich , a supersoft roll layered with roasted turkey , stuffing , cranberry sauce , and mayo . brimfield.com . Best shot at a bargain : The slower July and September markets may yield better deals than the crowded May outing , which serves as the region 's antiquing-season opener . Gigi 's find : A portable radio . "  I love how -LSB- it -RSB- is part gadget , part accessory : It swings closed into a ring shape you can carry around like a purse as it plays . I got it years ago at Brimfield for $ 15 . " Budget Travel gallery : See these cool flea markets SPRINGFIELD ANTIQUE SHOW & FLEA MARKET Where & when : Springfield , Ohio ; one weekend each month , excluding February and July . What : Over the course of its quarter-century run , this busy market held on a county fairground has won a reputation as the heartland 's go-to source for all things folky and primitive , such as old metal pails , Shaker boxes , cross-stitched samplers , and calico quilts . Farmhouse antiques , like blanket chests , milk-paint cupboards , and sturdy rocking chairs also figure prominently , as do well-preserved dishware and tabletop items . Budget Travel : How to shop every market like a pro During each year 's three supersize Extravaganzas -- in May , June , and September -- the number of vendors swells to more than 2,500 , some operating out of cattle barns and poultry houses . Visit the market 's online discussion forum to connect with sellers , preview goods , and even post wish lists . springfieldantiqueshow.com . Best shot at a bargain : Go in September , when dealers are trying to liquidate their stock for the winter . BROOKLYN FLEA Where & when : Brooklyn , New York ; Saturdays from mid-April through Thanksgiving . What : In less than two years , this sale in a Brooklyn schoolyard has attracted a large enough following to justify a second location and seasonal spin-off events . Shoppers come for the mix of vintage clothing and jewelry , architectural salvage , and decorative objects like modernist table lamps and metal desk fans dating from the early to mid-1900s . Alongside the secondhand-goods sellers , you 'll find booths from local designers of reclaimed-wood furniture , handmade shoes , and more . The food stands are just as diverse : Celebrated taco vendors , cheesemongers , and bakers all make weekly appearances . brooklynflea.com . Best shot at a bargain : Many of the antiques vendors are willing to cut deals on their merchandise , but the proprietors of new goods tend to keep their prices firm . Gigi 's find : "  I bought this desk calendar for $ 30 at the Brooklyn Flea from one of my favorite sellers , Three Potato Four ; the owners come up from Virginia every couple of months to sell . Their stuff is the best sort of a happy-industrial meets old-school-classroom vibe . " THE ALAMEDA POINT ANTIQUES & COLLECTIBLES FAIRE Where & when : Alameda , California ; first Sunday of each month . What : The San Francisco skyline and the hills of Marin County serve as a cinematic backdrop for this 800-plus-vendor market on the main runway of a decommissioned naval base on San Francisco Bay . Organizers enforce a 20-year-minimum age rule for sale items , which guarantees you 'll be shopping for real-deal relics  like French travel posters , Hollywood movie memorabilia , and early-20th-century Japanese pottery  , not tables of tube socks and cheap electronics . The layout is clear and intuitive , with long , evenly spaced rows arranged in a grid ; thoughtful touches like pushcarts for hauling heavy purchases , a porcelain-repair kiosk , and free parking with a shuttle service add to the appeal . There 's even a handy printable map on the market 's Web site . antiquesbybay.com . Best shot at a bargain : Fewer sellers turn out from January through March , but those who do are often more eager to negotiate . Gigi 's find : "  I grew up in Texas , where learning to play dominoes is a rite of passage . I 've been collecting vintage sets from various flea markets over the years , including -LSB- one -RSB- from Alameda Point . " 127 CORRIDOR SALE Where & when : From West Unity , Ohio , to Gadsden , Alabama ; first weekend in August . What : For sheer variety , nothing tops the World 's Longest Yard Sale , a bargain-hunter 's paradise that meanders along 654 miles of scenic rural highway . Seasoned dealers in formal tents as well as locals unloading the contents of their attics set up shop roadside , hawking crocheted table linens , boxes of fishing lures , weathered iron bed frames , and garden statuary . There is n't one stretch of road that 's consistently the best , so let regional attractions narrow your focus : In Tennessee alone , you can stay the night in a tepee or a log cabin and make a pit stop to pick wild blueberries at Pickett State Park . 127sale . com . Best shot at a bargain : At a sale this vast , it 's simply all about persistence . Get the best travel deals and tips emailed to you FREE - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2009 Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. , all rights reserved . Note : This story was accurate when it was published . Please be sure to confirm all rates and details directly with the companies in question before planning your trip .	The next Brimfield market in Massachusetts is September 8 to 13 Alameda , California , has an antique and flea market the first Sunday of each month Brooklyn Flea features secondhand goods and wares from local designers
CNN  -- Amid calls for greater openness at the Supreme Court and the federal judiciary , the nine justices released their financial disclosure reports Friday . They did so in the old-fashioned way , in person and on paper . The figures reaffirm the members of the nation 's highest court , despite earning a government salary , are generally well off financially , and like to travel . The figures show at least six and as many as eight of the nine justices have investments worth at least $ 1 million . The reports only require they list only a range from investment income . Only Justice Sonia Sotomayor listed any financial liabilities , mostly minor credit card debt . But a lucrative rental property she owns , her former New York City residence , brought in between $ 1 million and $ 5 million last year , although she still carries a hefty mortgage . Sotomayor also previously earned more than $ 2 million from her popular 2013 memoir , "  My Beloved World . " But in the latest financial disclosure , the Bronx native reported no "  non-investment income " last year , indicating royalties from book sales did not exceed her previous advances . Justices Antonin Scalia , $ 77,000 , and Stephen Breyer , about $ 11,000 , separately listed royalty income from earlier books they wrote . And Scalia earned the annual prize for most traveled justice : 28 separate trips for speeches , lectures , and teaching , including visits to New Orleans , Montana , Italy , and Peru . Three out-of-town appearances were before the conservative Federalist Society , which liberal groups have criticized Scalia in the past as an ideological conflict-of-interest . But other members of the court have also participated in events sponsored by ideological non-profits . All nine members of the court reported at least one trip overseas , including to Austria , the Czech Republic , Scandinavia , and Poland . And seven members claimed teaching income from universities , including lectures , which generally earned them about $ 3,000 - $ 20,000 for one or more days of extracurricular work . Most such stints occur during the court 's three-month recess , scheduled this year to begin in late June , when the last of the session 's rulings will be issued . Even retired justices have to report their income . Sandra Day O'Connor , who stepped down from the bench in 2006 , maintains a remarkable schedule . The 84-year-old said she has 21 positions on various boards and committees , and made 32 separate trips across the country , including promotion for a new book . For their day jobs , the eight associate justices earned a healthy pay raise to $ 244,400 , while Chief Justice John Roberts gets a bit extra at $ 255,500 per year . It was the first salary increase for members of the federal bench . The Coalition for Court Transparency , an alliance of legal and media groups , has launched a public campaign , urging the court to post its financial reports online , for the convenience of the press and public . The President and members of Congress already do so . "  The media have the right to know about any activities public officials engage in that may influence how they conduct the people 's business , " said Mike Cavender , executive director of the Radio Television Digital News Association and Foundation . "  That our nation 's top judges make it purposely harder to obtain this information -- especially given the Internet -- does not conform to 21st century expectations of transparency from public officials . " All federal judges are required to list on annual financial disclosure forms any out-of-town travel for speeches and other appearances that was paid for by private groups .	Justices release financial disclosure forms At least six have investments worth at least $ 1 million Only Sonia Sotomayor listed any financial liabilities
Atlanta  CNN  -- We are still living in Woodrow Wilson 's America , says A. Scott Berg -- for better or for worse . It 's not just the income tax and Federal Reserve , cornerstones of the financial system that were put into place during Wilson 's administration . By aggressively meeting with Congress and fighting for legislation , Wilson gave the executive branch new power . It was under Wilson that the State of the Union address became a major speech to Congress . It was Wilson who began the modern presidential press conference . And it was Wilson who , by stating that "  the world must be made safe for democracy , " established the United States as an outward-looking , internationalist state . "  Every incursion America has had in the last 100 years has been based on that , " says Berg , relaxing in an Atlanta hotel restaurant . Even the debt ceiling is a remnant of the Wilson era , having been first enacted as a measure during World War I . Other biographies have focused on Wilson the statesman and president . In his new biography , "  Wilson , " Berg wanted to humanize the man who was president from 1913 to 1921 . "  I 've not seen a book that I felt had captured the essence of the man , " he says . "  All the books are filled with his deeds , but not about the person behind those deeds . So the attempt was to write a genuinely personal biography of Woodrow Wilson . " That meant wading into some roiling waters . Wilson was once hailed as an American exemplar for his intellect -- he was president of Princeton for several years -- and for his progressive politics . But his reputation has suffered in recent years because of his racial policies and suppression of free speech . Once ranked among the five greatest presidents , he 's since fallen out of the top 10 at times , though in recent years he 's moved back up . But the 28th president has long been a particular passion for Berg , who won a Pulitzer Prize for his 1999 biography of Charles Lindbergh . "  I 've long had an interest in Wilson , going back to my teenage years , " he says . "  He 's just somebody who 's never failed to interest me . " CNN spoke to Berg about Wilson 's political savvy , his personality and some of the myths surrounding the man . The following is an edited and condensed version of the interview : CNN : Your take on Wilson is sympathetic , despite his thoughts on race . He was born before the Civil War and raised in the Reconstruction and Jim Crow South . Was he a man of his time ? A. Scott Berg : I think he was much more enlightened than many of his countrymen . But he knew the darkness of the Southern spirit when it came to race , and I honestly believe he felt the country was not ready to integrate . On top of that , he had a political agenda as well . He knew he could not pass his progressive agenda without the complete backing of the bloc of Southern Democrats , who made up a third of the legislature . He needed that as a base . CNN : I always thought of Wilson as humorless . But you reveal there are some deep emotions there , and some wit . Berg : There are a couple of scenes that are so moving to me . Everybody writes about Wilson going to Congress and asking for a declaration of war . He gives an incredible speech , and the place goes wild . But most biographies leave out the next moment : Wilson and  his wife  Edith get in the car and drive back to the White House in silence . Wilson goes into his office , puts his head on a table and sobs . The bookend of that is a few years later when he 's in Paris , concluding the peace agreement on Memorial Day of 1919 , Wilson gives a speech about the American soldiers buried there . In essence he says , I killed them , and that 's why I have to go home and fight for this League of Nations , so that no mother will ever have to bury her son again . I ca n't name another President who has copped to war deaths . They really moved him . He has the melancholy of Lincoln . CNN : He did have high-minded ideals . He knew about the rough-and-tumble of politics , but he seemed caught up short when he had to immerse himself in it . Berg : A little . Although he proved to have pretty sharp elbows -- and he had the power of oratory . He really knew how to use that . He was always the smartest man in the room , so he could lord that over people as well . CNN : When you started this a decade ago , you had no idea that Barack Obama was coming down the pike -- another professorial type , a powerful orator with little political experience who had a sudden rise to the presidency . Do you think there are comparisons to be made ? Berg : I think Wilson was intrepid . He used his lack of Washington background as a great tool and used his knowledge of the Constitution and the way the government worked -- or should work -- to his advantage . A few months ago , I wrote an open letter to Obama , which  recommended he  take some pages from the Wilson playbook . CNN : Wilson has been credited with -- or blamed for -- the idea of the modern imperial presidency . Before , power had been in the hands of Congress . Berg : That drove him crazy . He felt that was not the founders ' intention . He also felt that Congress had accrued too much power and it had also had become corrupt . Wilson really wanted to level the playing field for Americans , and he wanted to provide a genuine balance of power . CNN : You write that the story about Wilson and "  Birth of a Nation " -- that he described it as "  history writ by lightning " -- is false . Berg : It 's one of the great myths . Wilson was n't even there for the whole screening . He knew how incendiary it was . CNN : Another rumor is that his wife , Edith Wilson , ran the presidency after his 1919 stroke , but from the book it seems like she deferred whenever possible . Berg : Mrs. Wilson said she was nothing more than a steward . I think she 's something more than that , but she was no Lady Macbeth . It was not a power grab for herself . It was really all to keep her husband healthy and alive . CNN : And after leaving office , despite his severely weakened condition , Wilson still had fantasies of returning to the White House . Berg : They were n't fantasies . He was planning it . It was a genuine mental condition , probably as a result of the stroke . CNN : Franklin Roosevelt , who served under him , drew lessons from Wilson . Berg : There 's a scene where James Cox and FDR are running in 1920  as the Democratic ticket  and they pay a visit to the Wilson White House , and FDR ca n't believe what has happened to this man . But you can see him recording it all . The whole FDR demeanor in office -- robust , look straight ahead -- he takes from Wilson . I suggest a baton being passed at the end of the book . CNN : Did you come out of this experience with greater admiration for Woodrow Wilson ? Berg : I come out with greater admiration , and also greater frustration , and also occasional detestation . He is a giant of the century . He just changed everything . All that being said , the deeper I got into the racial issue , and the suppression of free speech , the more I really disliked him . And ultimately , you ca n't romanticize what happened with the League  which the U.S. never joined  . I think he did himself in , stabbed himself in the heart by not giving an inch . He had numerous opportunities to make small compromises , and he just would n't do it .	Woodrow Wilson established many federal institutions we take for granted He had fast rise -- from Princeton head to N.J. governor to 28th President Wilson 's opinions on race and speech suppression have hurt reputation Author A. Scott Berg set out to write "  genuinely personal biography "
CNN  -- Iolanda Balas ' dominance of the high jump transcended Olympic competition . Balas cleared 1.85 m to win in Rome in 1960 . Although she won consecutive gold medals in Rome in 1960 and in Tokyo in 1964 , the Romanian 's achievements are perhaps better reflected in her 140 consecutive competitive victories in the event between 1957 and 1967 . During that period she also set 14 world records , literally raising the bar from 1.74 meters  becoming in 1958 the first woman to clear six feet  1.83 m  to 1.91 m . Such was Balas ' domination that at the time she set her final world record in 1961 no other woman had gone higher than 1.78 m . Her career best 1.91 m would stand until 1971 , by which point the sport had been revolutionized by Dick Fosbury 's famous "  flop " at the 1968 Olympics . In fact , Balas had the perfect build for the pre-Fosbury era . Standing taller than six foot , her preternaturally long legs were ideally suited to the "  scissors " style favored by the leading athletes of the day . "  My style is quite obsolete but it suits my body structure , " she explained later . In Rome and Tokyo none of Balas ' opponents even got close . She won her first gold medal in 1960 by a margin of 14 centimeters with a leap of 1.85 m -- one centimeter short of the world record she had set in Bucharest earlier in the year . Four years later she retained her title , clearing 1.90 m to win by 10 centimeters . Balas continued to compete for three more years , battling with knee problems , until finally in 1967 she was beaten . It was her first defeat since finishing an inauspicious fifth on her Olympic debut in Melbourne in 1956 . She went on to become head of the Romanian Athletics Federation .	Olympic record : 2 gold medals during that period she also set 14 world records raising the bar to 1.91 m her long legs were ideally suited to the "  scissors " style favored by athletes High Jumper ; born December 12 , 1936 , in Timosoara , Romania
Madrid  CNN  -- The death of an American college student last month , which investigators in Barcelona initially considered to be accidental , is now under investigation as a homicide and a suspect has been arrested , the Catalan regional police said in a statement . A 41-year-old Ecuadorian man has been arrested in the Esplugues de Llobregat suburb of Barcelona , according to the police statement released Saturday . The body of 20-year-old Dartmouth College student Crispin Scott was found January 7 in the same suburb . Scott was on a study-abroad program in Barcelona that was run by Oregon 's Portland State University , Charles Inman , the coordinator of the program , told CNN on Monday by telephone from Barcelona . A judge has ordered the case sealed . Police did not provide the suspect 's name . Scott arrived in Barcelona before the official start of the study-abroad program , and on January 6 he went with other Dartmouth students -- not those from the Portland State program -- for dinner and drinks in a popular nightlife area along the city 's Mediterranean shore , Inman said . Scott never returned to his apartment and did not appear January 7 for a program orientation lunch , Inman said . Inman alerted authorities and was told January 8 about the discovery of Scott 's body . Scott , a native of Seattle , played on the Dartmouth men 's rugby team , his college newspaper reported in January .	A judge has ordered the case sealed ; police do n't name the suspect The body of Crispin Scott , 20 , was found January 7 in a Barcelona suburb The Dartmouth student was in Barcelona on a study-abroad program
EW.com  -- "  The Artist " and "  Hugo " continued their domination of the early awards season , each racking up 11 Critics ' Choice nominations from the Broadcast Film Critics Association , perhaps the only critics group that presages the Academy Award nominations with any accuracy . "  Drive " and "  The Help " each scored eight nods , while "  The Descendants " and "  War Horse " received seven . Also in the BFCA 's Best Picture top 10 : "  Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close , " "  Midnight in Paris , " "  Moneyball , " and "  The Tree of Life . "  Not included , meanwhile : "  Bridesmaids , " "  The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo , " "  Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 2 , " "  The Ides of March , " and "  Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy . " Amongst the surprises in the acting categories : "  Drive 's " Ryan Gosling over "  Tinker Tailor 's " Gary Oldman , "  Martha Marcy May Marlene 's " Elizabeth Olsen over "  Albert Nobbs ' " Glenn Close , and three previously dark-horse Best Supporting Actor candidates : "  Young Adult 's " Patton Oswalt , "  Warrior 's " Nick Nolte , and "  Rise of the Planet of the Apes ' " Andy Serkis . And interestingly , although the BFCA did nominate Noomi Rapace last year for Best Actress for the Swedish version of "  The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo , " Rooney Mara was overlooked for her performance in David Fincher 's remake . Here 's the entire list of nominees : Best Picture The Artist The Descendants Drive Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close The Help Hugo Midnight in Paris Moneyball The Tree of Life War Horse Best Actor George Clooney -- "  The Descendants " Leonardo DiCaprio -- "  J. Edgar " Jean Dujardin -- "  The Artist " Michael Fassbender -- "  Shame " Ryan Gosling -- "  Drive " Brad Pitt -- "  Moneyball " Best Actress Viola Davis -- "  The Help " Elizabeth Olsen -- "  Martha Marcy May Marlene " Meryl Streep -- "  The Iron Lady " Tilda Swinton -- "  We Need to Talk About Kevin " Charlize Theron -- "  Young Adult " Michelle Williams -- "  My Week With Marilyn " Best Supporting Actor Kenneth Branagh -- "  My Week With Marilyn " Albert Brooks -- "  Drive " Nick Nolte -- "  Warrior " Patton Oswalt -- "  Young Adult " Christopher Plummer -- "  Beginners " Andy Serkis -- "  Rise of the Planet of the Apes " Best Supporting Actress BÃ © rÃ © nice Bejo -- "  The Artist " Jessica Chastain -- "  The Help " Melissa McCarthy -- "  Bridesmaids " Carey Mulligan -- "  Shame " Octavia Spencer -- "  The Help " Shailene Woodley -- "  The Descendants " Best Young Actor / Actress Asa Butterfield -- "  Hugo " Elle Fanning -- "  Super 8 " Thomas Horn -- "  Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close " Ezra Miller -- "  We Need to Talk About Kevin " Saoirse Ronan -- "  Hanna " Shailene Woodley -- "  The Descendants " Best Acting Ensemble The Artist Bridesmaids The Descendants The Help The Ides of March Best Director Stephen Daldry -- "  Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close " Michel Hazanavicius -- "  The Artist " Alexander Payne -- "  The Descendants " Nicolas Winding Refn -- "  Drive " Martin Scorsese -- "  Hugo " Steven Spielberg -- "  War Horse " Best Original Screenplay "  The Artist " -- Michel Hazanavicius "  50/50 " -- Will Reiser "  Midnight in Paris " -- Woody Allen "  Win Win " -- Screenplay by Tom McCarthy , Story by Tom McCarthy & Joe Tiboni "  Young Adult " -- Diablo Cody Best Adapted Screenplay "  The Descendants " -- Alexander Payne and Nat Faxon & Jim Rash "  Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close " -- Eric Roth "  The Help " -- Tate Taylor "  Hugo " -- John Logan "  Moneyball " -- Steven Zaillian and Aaron Sorkin , Story by Stan Chervin Best Cinematography "  The Artist " -- Guillaume Schiffman "  Drive " -- Newton Thomas Sigel "  Hugo " -- Robert Richardson "  The Tree of Life " -- Emmanuel Lubezki "  War Horse " -- Janusz Kaminski Best Art Direction "  The Artist " -- Production Designer : Laurence Bennett , Art Director : Gregory S. Hooper "  Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 2 " -- Production Designer : Stuart Craig , Set Decorator : Stephenie McMillan "  Hugo " -- Production Designer : Dante Ferretti , Set Decorator : Francesca Lo Schiavo "  The Tree of Life " -- Production Designer : Jack Fisk , Art Director : David Crank "  War Horse " -- Production Designer : Rick Carter , Set Decorator : Lee Sandales Best Editing "  The Artist " -- Michel Hazanavicius and Anne-Sophie Bion "  Drive " -- Matthew Newman "  The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo " -- Kirk Baxter and Angus Wall "  Hugo " -- Thelma Schoonmaker "  War Horse " -- Michael Kahn Best Costume Design "  The Artist " -- Mark Bridges "  The Help " -- Sharen Davis "  Hugo " -- Sandy Powell "  Jane Eyre " -- Michael O'Connor "  My Week With Marilyn " -- Jill Taylor Best Makeup Albert Nobbs Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 2 The Iron Lady J. Edgar My Week With Marilyn BEST VISUAL EFFECTS Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 2 Hugo Rise of the Planet of the Apes Super 8 The Tree of Life Best Sound Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 2 Hugo Super 8 The Tree of Life War Horse Best Animated Feature The Adventures of Tintin Arthur Christmas Kung Fu Panda 2 Puss in Boots Rango Best Action Movie Drive Fast Five Hanna Rise of the Planet of the Apes Super 8 Best Comedy Bridesmaids Crazy , Stupid , Love Horrible Bosses Midnight in Paris The Muppets Best Foreign Language FiIm Darkness Le Havre A Separation The Skin I Live In Where Do We Go Now ? Best Documentary Feature Buck Cave of Forgotten Dreams George Harrison : Living in the Material World Page One : Inside the New York Times Project Nim Undefeated Best Song "  Hello Hello " -- performed by Elton John and Lady Gaga/written by Elton John and Bernie Taupin -- Gnomeo & Juliet "  Life 's a Happy Song " -- performed by Jason Segel , Amy Adams and Walter/written by Bret McKenzie -- The Muppets "  The Living Proof " -- performed by Mary J. Blige/written by Mary J. Blige , Thomas Newman and Harvey Mason , Jr. -- The Help "  Man or Muppet " -- performed by Jason Segel and Walter/written by Bret McKenzie -- The Muppets "  Pictures in My Head " -- performed by Kermit and the Muppets/written by Jeannie Lurie , Aris Archontis and Chen Neeman -- The Muppets Best Score "  The Artist " -- Ludovic Bource "  Drive " -- Cliff Martinez "  The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo " -- Trent Reznor & Atticus Ross "  Hugo " -- Howard Shore "  War Horse " -- John Williams CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Amongst the surprises in the acting categories : "  Drive 's " Ryan Gosling over "  Tinker Tailor 's " Gary Oldman "  Drive " and "  The Help " each scored eight nods "  The Descendants " and "  War Horse " received seven
CNN  -- Pakistan finished top of Group A after inflicting Australia 's first defeat in 35 matches at the Cricket World Cup on Saturday , a run which has seen Ricky Ponting 's team win the title three times since 1999 . It was the veteran Ponting 's first reverse in 28 World Cup matches as captain , and means his team will likely face fellow heavyweights India or England in the quarterfinals after finishing third in the seven-nation pool . Pakistan 's reward for the four-wicket victory in Colombo is a likely clash with the West Indies or England . The last-eight scenario will be known on Sunday after India take on the Windies -- England have already played all their round-robin fixtures . Murali helps Sri Lanka secure second place Pakistan went into the match against Australia in fourth place , a point behind New Zealand -- who will now play Group B winners South Africa following the Proteas ' 206-run thrashing of co-hosts Bangladesh earlier on Saturday . Australia , seeking a fifth title in the 10th staging of the 50-over tournament , posted a poor total of 176 all out -- the team 's lowest at a World Cup since 1992 -- as Pakistan 's opening bowler Umar Gul took 3-30 and all-rounder Abdul Razzaq chipped in with 2-8 . Opener Brad Haddin top-scored with 42 while vice-captain Michael Clarke made 34 as the Australians were bowled out in 46.4 overs . Veteran fast bowler Brett Lee made Pakistan battle as he claimed four wickets but Asad Shafiq continued his promising start to his international career with 46 and 20-year-old Umar Akmal was unbeaten at the end on 44 . With Pakistan teetering a little on 142-6 , Razzaq weighed in with 20 off 24 balls to guide his team home with nine overs to spare . South Africa secured a fifth win in six outings by ending Bangladesh 's hopes of progressing with a one-sided victory in Dhaka . Jacques Kallis  69  , Faf du Plessis  52  and opener Hashim Amla  51  all made half-centuries as the Proteas compiled a daunting 284-8 , with captain Graeme Smith contributing 45 to a first-wicket stand of 97 . Bangladesh then collapsed to 78 all out , mirroring the earlier capitulation against the West Indies which yielded 20 fewer runs . Left-arm fast bowler Lonwabo Tsotsobe claimed three early wickets , and spin bowler Robin Peterson continued the steady flow of departing batsmen with impressive figures of 4-12 from his seven overs .	Pakistan beat Australia by four wickets in Colombo to claim top spot in Group A Three-time defending champions Australia finish third after first loss in 35 matches South Africa top Group B after ending quarterfinal hopes of co-hosts Bangladesh The last-eight scenario will be known on Sunday after India take on the West Indies
Mental Floss  -- Remember that goofy uncle of yours who always tried to impress you by "  stealing your nose " or pulling the ol' separating-his-thumb-from-his-hand move ? Well , those parlor tricks are nothing compared to the appendage stunts pulled by these 10 famous people . John Wilkes Booth 's neck bones A painting of Napoleon in His Study by Jacques-Louis-David does n't give a hint at what body part went missing . John Wilkes Booth might have been a successful assassin , but he was a largely ineffectual escape artist . Just 12 days after murdering President Abraham Lincoln , Booth was shot in the back of the neck and killed . His body was  eventually  buried in an unmarked grave at Baltimore 's Green Mount Cemetery . His third , fourth , and fifth vertebrae , however , were removed during the autopsy so investigators could access the bullet . For a peek at those bits of Booth 's spinal column , just check out the display at the National Museum of Health and Medicine in Washington , D.C. Einstein 's brain Before he died , über-genius Albert Einstein considered donating his body to science . Unfortunately , he never put his wishes in writing . When he passed away in 1955 , Einstein 's family and friends made plans to cremate him , but the pathologist who performed the autopsy , Dr. Thomas Harvey , had a different idea . Instead , he opted to remove the math man 's brain and then tell the family about it . For 30-some years , Harvey had Al 's gray matter tucked away in his Wichita home in two Mason jars . Naturally , Einstein 's loved ones were n't thrilled when they found out , but they eventually allowed the misappropriated mind to be sliced into 240 sections and disbursed to researchers for examination . Today , many of the cerebral sections remain in scientific institutions , with the bulk held at Princeton Hospital . As for Einstein 's body , that was cremated and scattered in a secret location . "  Stonewall " Jackson 's arm Confederate General Thomas Jackson got his nickname by sitting astride his horse "  like a stone wall " while bullets whizzed around him during the Civil War . But that kind of bravery  or foolhardiness  did n't serve him well . During the Battle of Chancellorsville , Jackson was accidentally shot in the arm by one of his own men . Said arm had to be amputated , and afterward , it was buried in the nearby Virginia town of Ellwood . Only eight days later , Stonewall was stone-cold dead of pneumonia . The rest of his body is resting in peace in Lexington , Virginia . Saint Francis Xavier 's hand Francis Xavier was a saint with a few too many fans . In the early 16th century , the Spanish missionary was sent to Asia by the king of Portugal to convert as many souls to Christianity as possible . Turns out , he was pretty good at the job . Francis Xavier became wildly popular , and after his death in 1552 , so did his relics . In fact , demand out-fueled supply . Throughout several years and multiple exhumations , his body was whittled away . Today , half his left hand is in Cochin , India , while the other half is in Malacca , Malaysia . One of his arms resides in Rome , and various other cities lay claim to his internal organs . The leftovers ? They went to Goa , India . Napoleon 's bits and pieces Exiled emperor Napoleon Bonaparte died on May 5 , 1821 . The following day , doctors conducted an autopsy , which was reportedly witnessed by many people , including a priest named Ange Vignali . Though the body was said to be largely intact at the time of the undertaking , it seems the priest took home a souvenir . In 1916 , Vignali 's heirs sold a collection of Napoleonic artifacts , including what they claim to be the emperor 's penis . While no one knows for sure if it really is Napoleon 's , uh , manhood , people have paid good money for the penis . Currently , it 's in the possession of an American urologist . Oliver Cromwell 's head Oliver Cromwell , the straight-laced Puritan who usurped the English throne , was n't exactly a wild man . His head , however , was sometimes the life of the party . Cromwell died in 1658 , but two years later , the reinstated English monarchy exhumed , tried , and hanged his body , then dumped it in an unmarked grave . In addition , as a warning to would-be killers , his head was placed on a pike in Westminster Hall , where it remained for 20 years . After a subsequent stint in a small museum , it was sold in 1814 to a man named Josiah Henry Wilkinson  perhaps looking to parade it around as an exceptionally gruesome ice-breaker at parties  . Such was the ironic afterlife of the Puritan until 1960 , when his head was finally laid to rest in a chapel in Cambridge . E-mail to a friend For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Out of curiosity , war or science , body parts kept from final grave Napoleon 's penis allegedly in hands of U.S. doctor Saint Francis Xavier 's hands spread from Asia to Europe Gen. Stonewall Jackson 's body buried in two Virginia towns
Washington  CNN  -- Rick Santorum , the former Pennsylvania senator , conservative social crusader and perpetual GOP presidential candidate , sounded a downcast note over the weekend when asked about the possibility of another White House run in 2016 . "  Yeah , I do n't know if I can do this , " Santorum told the Associated Press . "  It 's just tough . " Santorum cited the health of his 5-year-old daughter Bella , who suffers from the genetic disorder Trisomy 8 , and a new job as the CEO at a faith-oriented movie company as reasons why he may pass on a repeat White House run . Earlier : Santorum ` very open ' to another presidential bid Left unsaid : The Republican field is shaping up to be more impressive this time , making the path to the nomination even more difficult for the 2012 GOP runner-up , who came close to toppling frontrunner Mitt Romney during their winter primary clash by rallying Christian conservatives and working class primary voters to his side . Still , despite his candor about the challenges ahead , Santorum is very much keeping his name in the 2016 mix and relentlessly plugging away behind-the-scenes . Earlier : Santorum 's busy day in Iowa Few Republicans question Santorum 's work ethic . His early-and-often visits with grassroots activists in all of Iowa 's 99 counties helped propel him to a breakout win in the Iowa caucuses in 2012 . But Santorum is doing something different this time : He 's making early connections with establishment leaders in the leadoff nominating states , an effort to make himself more palatable to powerful Republicans who were reluctant to embrace him in 2012 because of his unyielding views on social issues and his sometimes dour temperament . A trip last month to the early primary state of South Carolina revealed just how much political work Santorum is doing away from public view -- and how badly he wants to be taken seriously by Republican forces who had trouble seeing him as their party 's standard-bearer against President Barack Obama . Earlier : Santorum South Carolina bound Here 's a look at how much activity Santorum packed into a single 36-hour political tour of South Carolina : -- On April 14 , Santorum arrived in Charleston , where two of his sons are cadets at The Citadel , for some family time . But South Carolina is n't just where his sons reside -- it 's a closely-watched primary state where GOP presidential hopefuls test their support among southern conservatives . Santorum addressed a luncheon on campus hosted by the Charleston County Republican Women , and while there , he gabbed with former South Carolina Attorney General Henry McMaster , a fixture of the state 's GOP establishment and a candidate for lieutenant governor this year . -- Santorum made time in between to take questions from reporters , dissing the "  weakness " of Obama 's foreign policy and calling on Republicans to do a better job relating to working class Americans instead of big business . The latter message , of course , doubled as a plug for the new book he 's hawking , "  Blue Collar Conservatives . " -- Later that evening , Santorum delivered remarks to the Charleston County Republican Committee , one of the state 's most active county GOP organizations . Also in Charleston , Santorum raised money for Patriot Voices , a 501  c  4 group that advocates for conservative causes and helps fund his travel to very important places -- like states that have presidential caucuses and primaries . -- The following morning , Santorum was escorted around Columbia , the state capital and its political hub , by a South Carolina friend , and veteran of the 2012 campaign , lobbyist James D'Alessio . One of his first orders of business was a meeting with Richard Quinn , the longtime GOP political strategist who helped run the two presidential campaigns of John McCain , never a Santorum friend when the two served together in the Senate . Quinn said the get-together , held at his office , was just a chance to connect . They talked about his book -- and about boiled peanuts . "  He had his first boiled peanut in my office , " Quinn said . "  This is first chance we had to talk . I was extremely impressed . He has got a sense of humor and quick wit and twinkle in his eye . But we did n't talk about presidential politics . We had a nice little chat . But he was n't interviewing me , nor was I interviewing him , for any kind of presidential relationship . " -- Santorum dropped by the South Carolina state house , where he sat in the gallery and was introduced from the floor by state Sen. Thomas Alexander . Santorum then met with Alexander in the Senate antechamber , and posed for pictures with other members of the state legislature . Hogan Gidley , a South Carolina-based Republican who advised Santorum 's 2012 campaign , said the potential candidate is being more methodical about building relationships as he eyes a second bid . "  I do n't know if Rick can capture what he did before , but he is acting more pragmatic this time , " Gidley said . "  It 's not as much as a fly-by-night kind of organization like it was before . Last time he just decided to run and people came along with him . Now he is laying the groundwork to try to get people on board . " -- Lunch break : Santorum dined with national and state officials from the Special Forces Association , an organization of active and retired Green Berets . The group was in town planning their national convention , which will be held in Columbia in June . -- A stop by South Carolina Republican Party headquarters was next on the agenda . Santorum and D'Alessio had a meeting with state party chairman Matt Moore , who later tweeted a picture of the "  great visit . " -- D'Alessio organized a cozy meet-and-greet for Santorum at the Palmetto Club , a private downtown hang-out frequented by South Carolina business and political honchos . Among those in attendance : Henry McMaster , Attorney General Alan Wilson , AT&T South Carolina president Pam Lackey and Trey Walker , a former McCain strategist who now steers government relations for the University of South Carolina . Walker offered Santorum tickets to that evening 's baseball game against Charleston Southern . Santorum accepted . -- At the last minute , Santorum popped into a private fundraiser for Charmeka Childs , a Republican candidate for education superintendent . Childs , a 36-year old African-American woman , is considered an up-and-comer by some members of the state 's business community who hosted the event , including South Carolina Chamber of Commerce president Otis Rawl , South Carolina Business and Industry Political Committee president Tom DeLoach , and public affairs strategist Ed McMullen . Santorum met them during his brief drop-by . -- Joined by his niece , an undergraduate at the University of South Carolina , Santorum ended the day taking in the college baseball game with other VIPs inside the president 's box at Gamecock Stadium . Over beers , the two talked politics , with Walker re-hashing the ups and downs of McCain 's victorious 2008 primary campaign . Santorum departed after about six innings . Walker left impressed . "  He makes a helluva second impression , " he said of Santorum . Santorum : Georgia gun law to improve safety Pence stays quiet on potential 2016 run Rand Paul meets with top Romney donors 2016 : A more diverse slate of GOP presidential possibles	Former Pennsylvania GOP Sen. Rick Santorum ran for the nomination in 2012 ; might run again Santorum is very much keeping his name in the 2016 mix by visiting critical early primary states This time around he 's making early connections with establishment leaders in the early states Santorum recently packed a lot of activity into a 36-hour visit to South Carolina
CNN  -- Carly Smithson wants to make one thing clear : She is not the new lead singer of Evanescence . Former "  American Idol " contestant Carly Smithson is the lead singer of the new band We Are The Fallen . There may be some confusion because the former "  American Idol " contestant has joined forces with original Evanescence members Ben Moody , Rocky Gray and John LeCompt for the new band We Are The Fallen . The dark-haired Irish rocker made it to the top six during season seven of "  American Idol " before being eliminated . Smithson said that since then , quite a few opportunities have come her way that were not a good fit . This new band , which also includes bassist Marty O'Brien , is perfect for her , Smithson said Guitar player LeCompt agrees . "  I 've said many times about Evanescence that we caught lightning in a bottle ... and I think we are doing it again , " he said . "  Carly is a good fit for the band because more than anything she is a brilliant , brilliant vocalist who is very down to earth and a humble person . She wants to do something where everyone is involved rather than being a posturing diva . " Smithson recently spoke with CNN about why she is thankful to Moody 's roommate , why the group gets along so well and how they want to collaborate with fans . CNN : You must be pretty psyched about this new band . Carly Smithson : I am . It 's pretty awesome and everything I think we have all ever wanted . We all blend together and it 's all about making business . CNN : With all of the opportunities that have come your way since "  Idol , " why go this route ? Smithson : I had a lot of the wrong opportunities approach me . They were very flattering offers , but musically not on the same page with where I envisioned myself . As soon as Ben -LSB- Moody -RSB- came to me , he was actually someone that I had in mind , after coming off the "  Idol " tour , to go and try and work with . He 's worked on some music that I had a lot of respect for and really admired , but he was busy , oddly enough , working on this project . CNN : So how did you two connect ? Smithson : He had never watched "  American Idol " and he did n't know who I was . I am good friends with his roommate who recently moved in and I had met him briefly . My friend came and saw me live and then planted the seed in his head . She said , "  You should really consider my friend for this band , " and he said "  Who is your friend ? " She said , "  You know , the girl you met down the basement , " and an artist he has been working with played him a bunch of YouTube clips of me . We were hanging out at about one in the morning and he called my friend and said , "  I just watched your friend . I should have done this a long time ago . Where is she , when can I meet her , I need to meet her right away . " She said , "  Well , actually we are out right now and we 're going to be at the house in about 20 minutes . " We came back to the house and we had a meeting which lasted until about 4 a.m. ... Obviously it was a decision I needed to make very fast because they were looking for a singer and people do n't wait forever . I called my manager and it was a done deal pretty much the next day . CNN : Sounds like it was meant to be . Smithson : Everybody was very excited and thought it was the right direction to go . I 'm happy that it happened in such an organic way . It 's really weird , but as people we are all very alike . We all like the same jokes , watch the same TV shows and play the same music . It 's great . CNN : Do you at all feel pressure because of the success that Evanescence had ? Smithson : No , because this is a new band . Evanescence is still out there . We are not Evanescence and our band is n't here to follow . Watch Smithson talk about the new band " I 'm here to make music . Obviously I want to be successful but I think we all are in a contented place to make music . If we can grab some fans , that 's great . If we can grab a bunch of fans , that 's awesome . We are here to compete with ourselves and put out something epic . CNN : What does the name mean ? Smithson : It 's more of a statement rather than a name . We feel like our fans can say "  We Are The Fallen " as well as us . It 's not just a band name , it 's kind of like a movement name . We are trying to create a group of people that are in to the same thing . It 's a collaboration of our fans and us appreciating music that we are making . CNN : So what do you all stand for , since you want the fans to be a part of it . Smithson : Freedom . Every since we all came into this band , we feel so free to go and be who we are . I embrace that .	"  Idol " finalist Carly Smithson is lead singer of new band We Are The Fallen Group is made up of some former members of Evanescence Smithson finished sixth of season seven of "  American Idol "
CNN  -- What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas -- unless you 're Prince Harry and TMZ publishes pictures of you cavorting naked during a game of strip billiards . The tabloid website posted the photos online Tuesday night . It said the romp featuring the royal , who is third in line to the throne , took place four days earlier at a "  high rollers hotel suite " on the Las Vegas strip . Nude Harry photos : How UK tabloids lost their sting One photo shows Harry , stark naked but for a wristwatch and a necklace . His hands cup his genitals . His face is turned toward the television set in the suite . And his body partially shields that of another person , also naked . A second picture shows him hugging a woman from behind next to a pool table . Both are naked . Palace officials confirmed the photos are of the prince . "  Prince Harry has been on a private holiday before he resumes his military duties , " said a palace official , declining to be named in line with protocol . Britain 's Daily Telegraph newspaper website said the publication of the photographs "  risks embarrassing Buckingham Palace and raises questions about the prince 's security arrangements . " The website of the Daily Mail , a middlebrow tabloid , suggested that "  Harry needed a rest after all that Olympic duty but it appears the fun may have got out of hand . " Naked Harry scandal a watershed moment for UK press Neither website ran the photos , but the images quickly circulated worldwide , providing plenty of fodder on Twitter . "  The Queen must be sooo proud that Prince Harry showed us his crown jewels !!!! Lol , " said Danielle Monaro , part of the Elvis Duran And The Morning Show , a syndicated radio program . The 27-year-old Harry is no stranger to controversy . In 2002 , he faced accusations of under-age drinking and cannabis use . The young prince was a 16-year-old schoolboy at the time of the alleged incident The allegations were made in the UK tabloid News of the World newspaper , which also reported his father , Prince Charles , had taken Harry to a drug rehabilitation clinic to alert him to the dangers of drug abuse . Embarrassing pics could harm a soldier 's career several ways He did not faces charges because police found no evidence to support them . In 2005 , photos of Harry wearing a Nazi soldier 's uniform to a fancy dress party were splashed across the front page of The Sun newspaper , accompanied by the headline "  Harry the Nazi . " He later apologized for the incident . "  I am very sorry if I caused any offense , " Harry said . Four years later , Harry issued another apology after videos surfaced showing him using offensive language to describe members of his military unit . In one clip , a voice said to be Harry 's calls a soldier a "  Paki , " a derogatory term for people of South Asian descent . In another clip , the voice tells a soldier wearing a cloth on his head that he looks "  like a raghead , " another offensive term for someone who wears a headdress . Now comes this latest controversy -- one that certainly gives a whole new meaning to the phrase "  hanging out . " How ` soldier prince ' Harry tore up royal rule book Harry is a captain in the Army and served briefly in Afghanistan four years ago , but was hurriedly withdrawn when news of his deployment leaked . Since then , he has qualified as an Apache helicopter pilot , doing some of his training in the United States , and is expected to deploy to Afghanistan again . A tale of two brothers CNN Royal Correspondent Max Foster contributed to this report .	Officials confirm the photos are of Prince Harry He is on a vacation before returning to military duty , a palace official says Harry apologized in 2005 for wearing a Nazi uniform to a party He is third in line to the British throne
CNN  -- The world 's super-rich had between $ 21 trillion and $ 32 trillion of wealth hidden in tax havens by the end of 2010 , a new study says . The size of these unreported financial assets is equivalent to , or even larger than , the combined GDPs of the United States and Japan , representing up to $ 280 billion in lost tax revenues . The study , titled "  The Price of Offshore Revisited , " was released Sunday by the advocacy group Tax Justice Network . Written by James Henry , former chief economist at McKinsey & Co. , the study drew data from the World Bank , the International Monetary Fund , the United Nations and central banks . The number of the global elite who parked their fortune overseas is fewer than 10 million people , or 0.14 % of the global population , the report says . It also shows that major private banks such as UBS , Credit Suisse , Goldman Sachs , Bank of America and HSBC handled the most assets on behalf of the super-rich . According to the group 's 2011 Financial Security Index , which ranks nations and territories providing tax havens , Switzerland , the Cayman Islands , Luxembourg , Hong Kong and Singapore are among the biggest destinations . In a statement , Henry , senior adviser of the Tax Justice Network , said that "  it turns out that this offshore sector -- which specializes in tax dodging -- is basically designed and operated , not by shady no-name banks ... but by the world 's largest private banks , law firms and accounting firms , headquartered in First World capitals like London , New York and Geneva . " The report also calculates capital flight from 139 developing countries between 1970s and 2010 . Of the top 20 developing countries that lost tax revenue overseas , China ranks first , with nearly $ 1.2 trillion siphoned offshore by 2010 . Russia and South Korea follow , with $ 798 billion and $ 779 billion missing respectively . "  Since most of missing financial wealth belongs to a tiny elite , the impact is staggering , " Henry said . "  For most countries , global financial inequality is not only much greater than we suspected , but it has been growing much faster . " The Tax Justice Network says the estimated offshore fortune is conservative , adding it excludes non-financial assets such as real estate , yachts and artworks .	Global super-rich had at least $ 21 trillion of wealth in tax havens , a new study says The size is equivalent to combined U.S. and Japanese economies The study was released Sunday by advocacy group Tax Justice Network
CNN  -- The National Collegiate Athletic Association on Tuesday imposed a postseason ban on The Ohio State University 's football program , effective next year , citing the school for "  failure to monitor , preferential treatment and extra benefit violations . " Ohio State had previously said it was vacating all 12 of its victories from the 2010 football season and placing itself on two years ' probation after a scandal that cost coach Jim Tressel his job . Tressel resigned after being fined $ 250,000 and suspended for lying to NCAA officials investigating allegations that his players had received special benefits from local businesses . Several players , including star quarterback Terrelle Pryor , allegedly swapped team and personal memorabilia and equipment for tattoos and other benefits . Tressel became aware of the transactions , which violate NCAA rules , but did not report them on a form that all coaches are required to submit . "  Of great concern to the committee was the fact that the former head coach became aware of these violations and decided not to report the violations to institutional officials , the Big Ten Conference or the NCAA , " the NCAA Division 1 Committee on Infractions said in its report . Tressel received a five-year show-cause order that limits his athletic-related duties and applies to any NCAA school that may want to hire him . In addition to the postseason ban , the NCAA imposed penalties of additional scholarship reductions , three years ' probation , and the forfeiture of almost $ 340,000 and all of Ohio State 's victories for the 2010 season . "  We are surprised and disappointed with the NCAA 's decision , " Gene Smith , Ohio State 's athletics director and associate vice president , said in a statement . "  However , we have decided not to appeal the decision because we need to move forward as an institution . " "  My primary concern , as always , is for our students , and this decision punishes future students for the actions of others in the past , " Smith said . "  Knowing our student-athletes , however , I have no doubt in their capacity to turn this into something positive -- for themselves and for the institution . "	NEW : The NCAA imposes penalties beyond those self-imposed by the university NEW : It cites school for "  failure to monitor , preferential treatment and extra benefit violations " NEW : Ohio State will not appeal the decision School 's football program was rocked by a scandal involving players swapping memorabilia
While senior U.S. officials say they are now less worried about Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki launching a coup to stay in power , they still predict he 'll try to obstruct the political process to keep his designated successor , Haider al-Abadi , out of office . One senior U.S. official compared al-Maliki to former President Richard Nixon -- a paranoid leader who grew more mercurial as his political fortunes collapsed . Al-Maliki has vowed to fight al-Abadi 's nomination . Al-Maliki could bide his time and try to divide Iraqi politicians to make it difficult for al-Abadi to muster enough support to form a government over the next 30 days as Iraq 's Constitution outlines . But the officials say they do n't think he has enough backing to do that . A large portion of the Shia bloc , including most of his own party , is behind al-Abadi , and that gives the United States some confidence a government can be formed within the prescribed time frame . Iraq 's political power struggle reached a breaking point on Monday when President Fuad Masum named al-Abadi , the deputy speaker of Parliament , to replace al-Maliki . President Barack Obama publicly endorsed al-Abadi , calling his nomination a "  promising step forward . " Both Obama and Vice President Joe Biden called him to express their support . As a further incentive to quickly form a new government , the Obama administration is promising additional financial and military support in its fight in northern Iraq against the Islamic State , militants formerly known as ISIS . Airstrikes and airdrops Secretary of State John Kerry said in Australia on Tuesday the United States "  stands ready to fully support a new inclusive Iraqi government . " Despite frustrations with al-Maliki 's leadership , the United States has increased military aid to his government over the past year to combat militants . That assistance has been stepped up over the past two months as ISIS forces claimed large areas of territory in northern Iraq in a brutal campaign . Just last week , Obama ordered airstrikes against militant positions and humanitarian airdrops to aid thousands of the Yazzidi minority under threat from the extremist group and trapped in the Sinjar Mountains . On Tuesday , he decided to send more than 100 additional military advisers to that region in a move the United States said was necessary to look at additional humanitarian relief options . Washington has sought to separate the need for urgent support to combat militants from support for al-Maliki . The administration is also helping covertly arm Kurdish Peshmerga forces battling ISIS . More help possible Kerry said the United States was "  prepared to consider additional political , economic and security options as Iraq starts to build a new government " noting that the aid was "  very much calculated to try to stabilize the security situation , expand economic development and strengthen the democratic institutions . " The United States has been encouraged by unprecedented cooperation between the Iraqi military and Kurdish forces in fighting ISIS and helping the civilians in the north . Officials said it gives them hope that Iraq 's long-divided ethnic groups are finally uniting in the wake of the Islamic State threat . But with its military support , Washington also risks fueling Iraq 's sectarian divide . Between additional backing for a new Iraqi Shia-led government and its direct support for the Kurds , the United States risks pushing Iraq 's Sunni population toward the Islamic State , which is also Sunni , because they will see that support as taking sides in what is widely viewed as a civil war . And with Sunnis already disenfranchised from the Shia-led government , U.S. airstrikes are only likely to exacerbate those political differences . Al-Abadi is a Shia , from the same party as al-Maliki , serving at one time as his aide . But can he unite the country and fight off the sweeping Islamic State advance ? "  Abadi has never been involved in personal controversy , he is someone who really has tried to tow a straight line , " said Kurt Sowell , editor of the newsletter Inside Iraqi Politics . "  I think he is someone who will try to be inclusive and work with people . But at same time he 's never been someone to push for reform . " Showing political skills While al-Abadi may not be viewed as a transformational figure , the United States has been impressed with the way he stood up to al-Maliki politically and accumulated support of many Shia . "  Sometimes what is needed is a good bureaucrat who can get things back on track , " one senior State Department official said . "  We do n't need anymore personalities . " What happens , however , if al-Maliki is able to keep al-Abadi from forming a government ? Iraqi politicans would be back to Square One and the United States would be forced to choose between supporting al-Maliki 's caretaker government , despite its stated reservations about him , or waiting until a new prime minister is designated who can form a government . If ISIS continues to advance , however , neither the Iraqis nor the United States will have the luxury of time . Will Iraq 's Nuri al-Maliki go without a fight ? 5 things to know Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki objects as his ouster looms What to know about Iraq 's Prime Minister	ANALYSIS : Iraqi Prime Minister has vowed to fight the nomination of his successor Haider al-Abadi , the deputy speaker of Parliament , is working to form a government The United States backs the prime minister-designate and has stepped up aid The militant group Islamic State has made sweeping gains in Iraq 's north
CNN  This week , Republicans will take over the Senate , thanks to the American people 's overwhelming support in the 2014 elections , and our first priority for the next two years will be alleviating the economic pain the American people have experienced under the Obama administration . More than five years after the recession officially ended , too many Americans are still feeling the pinch . Wages have remained stagnant , and median household income has dropped almost $ 3,000 on the President 's watch . Meanwhile , prices for everything from groceries to education have risen . And instead of helping , most of the administration 's policies have had a negative impact on the economy . Just last week we learned from an employer survey that a majority of small businesses say that Obamacare has reduced their profits , causing many of them to freeze or cut workers ' wages or reduce other benefits . Despite all this , this week the President will be conducting a campaign-style tour in an attempt to claim credit for the sliver of positive economic news we 're finally seeing after six bleak years under his policies . Unfortunately , the President 's attempted victory lap ca n't disguise the fact that our economy is still nowhere near where it should be . But there is reason to be hopeful . The new Republican majority will get right to work on job-creating legislation , starting with legislation to approve the Keystone XL pipeline , which the President 's own State Department has admitted will support more than 42,000 jobs during construction . Keystone XL enjoys bipartisan support in both houses of Congress , and I hope the President will finally sign off on this job-creating project . Republicans will also take up two other bipartisan jobs measures that were stuck in the Democrat-led Senate for far too long . We are committed to repealing the job-killing Obamacare medical device tax , a tax on life-saving medical devices like pacemakers and insulin pumps . This tax has already eliminated thousands of jobs in the medical device industry , and it 's on track to eliminate thousands more if it is n't repealed . Given the economic stagnation of the past six years , the last thing our economy needs is a tax that is eliminating thousands of jobs . Republicans will also work to repeal the Obamacare provision that changed the definition of full-time employment from 40 hours a week to 30 hours . This provision has forced countless businesses to cut back on hiring or reduce workers ' hours and wages , which has meant fewer jobs and opportunities for American workers . Eliminating this provision has bipartisan support , and Republicans look forward to taking it up this year . In addition to passing job-creating legislation , Republicans will also make oversight a priority in the new Congress . Executive branch agencies have run amok over the past few years , and it 's time to rein them in . The Obama Environmental Protection Agency , to name just one agency , has proposed regulations that would drive Americans ' energy prices through the roof and result in the loss of tens of thousands , if not hundreds of thousands , of American jobs . It is long past time for Congress to assert its oversight authority to protect Americans , particularly those who can least afford it , from this kind of executive overreach . While we hope to work with Democrats as much as possible , the new Republican majority will not hesitate to draw bright lines between Democrat and Republican priorities . Republicans are committed to fundamental reforms , like transforming our tax code to make it simpler and fairer , cutting job-killing regulations and passing trade promotion authority so American goods can compete on an even playing field internationally . Republicans are going to get Washington working for Americans again . Under our control , the Senate will return to regular order , which means bills will be considered out in the open in committees before coming to the Senate floor , and all senators , regardless of party , will have a chance to propose and debate amendments . Over the past few years of Democrat control in the Senate , too often the minority party was shut out of the legislative process , leading to dysfunction and gridlock . Under Republican control , the Senate will get back to work . Creating jobs and encouraging economic growth should be bipartisan priorities , and we look forward to working with Democrats on everything from repealing the job-killing medical device tax to approving the job-creating Keystone XL pipeline . We hope Democrats and the President will join us .	Sen. John Thune : New GOP majority in Senate will focus on boosting economy He predicts action on Keystone pipeline , ending medical device tax
CNN  -- A man has died in an incident at the official residence of Swedish Prime Minister Fredrik Reinfeldt in Stockholm , Swedish police confirmed Friday . The incident is not being treated as terrorism , and the man who died is not connected with the Swedish government , a police spokeswoman said . Investigations are continuing into the circumstances of his death . His family still has to be informed , police said . Reinfeldt was not at the residence at the time of the incident , spokesman Markus Friberg told CNN . "  I can confirm that the prime minister was not in the building ; he was in a meeting in another place . He and his family are fine . Police are trying to get more details about this incident , " Friberg said . CNN 's Claudia Rebaza contributed to this report .	NEW : Police : A death at the residence of the Swedish prime minister is not linked to terrorism NEW : The man who died is not connected to the Swedish government , police say Prime Minister Fredrik Reinfeldt was not present when the death occurred , his office says
CNN  The measles outbreak in California is growing . The number of cases has increased to 68 , with 48 of those cases linked to an outbreak at Disneyland , state health officials reported Friday . Two days ago , the health department reported 59 cases , 42 with a Disney connection . In addition , nine cases have been reported in Arizona , Utah , Washington , Colorado , Oregon and Mexico . A new case was reported in Nevada , but the Southern Nevada Health District said it 's unknown whether that case is Disney-related . The disease outbreak apparently surfaced when visitors reported coming down with measles after visiting the park December 15-20 . At least five Disney employees have been diagnosed with measles , Disney said . Measles is a highly communicable respiratory disease caused by a virus and spread through the air , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Measles starts with a fever , runny nose , cough , red eyes and sore throat , the CDC said . Dr. Gil Chavez , deputy director of the state 's Center for Infectious Diseases , recommended last Wednesday that children under 12 months and people who 've never had a measles vaccination stay away from the park while the disease event continues . However , Chavez said Disneyland would be "  perfectly safe " if you 've been immunized . When asked for a comment , Suzi Brown of Disney media relations said , "  We agree with Dr. Chavez 's comments that it is safe to visit Disneyland if you have been vaccinated . " For the most part , measles spreads among those who have not been vaccinated against the virus . The California Department of Public Health said Orange County had the most measles cases with 21 , followed by San Diego County with 13 .	Number of measles cases in California has grown to 68 , public health officials say 48 of those cases have been linked to California Disneyland , they said
CNN  -- Closed courtrooms . No laptops , phones or Wi-Fi . Bathrooms closed off by marshals . The corruption trial of former New Orleans Mayor Ray Nagin cranks up Monday with a federal judge imposing tough rules on spectators and reporters during jury selection . In an order issued last week , U.S. District Judge Helen Berrigan imposed those restrictions because of concerns that courtroom rules "  may not be respected " by some unnamed miscreants . Nagin 's pleas for federal help for his flooded city caught the nation 's attention in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina in 2005 . Now out of office , he 's pleaded not guilty to federal charges of bribery , money laundering , fraud and filing false tax returns . Prosecutors accused him of being at the center of "  a bribery and kickback scheme " in which he allegedly received checks , cash , wire transfers , personal services and free travel from businessmen seeking contracts and favorable treatment from the city . After preliminary questioning , some jurors will be quizzed behind closed doors , Berrigan ordered . Electronic devices have been barred from the courtroom , and the nearby restrooms on the fifth floor of the courthouse "  will be closed to all members of the media and public during voir dire proceedings , " she wrote . Those restrictions may be lifted "  after the jury is sworn and in the event the court regains confidence that there will be full compliance with its orders by the media and public , " she added . Prosecutors accuse Nagin of taking more than $ 200,000 in bribes , while his family members allegedly received a vacation in Hawaii ; first-class airfare to Jamaica ; private jet travel and a limousine for New York City ; and cellular phone service . In exchange , businesses that coughed up cash for Nagin and his family won more than $ 5 million in city contracts , according to an indictment brought in January 2013 . Two businessmen named in the charges have pleaded guilty to making payoffs and are cooperating with prosecutors . A third was found guilty of bribing two Nagin staffers , while another admitted to paying kickbacks to the sheriff of nearby Plaquemines Parish after winning a project management contract there . But Ashleigh Merchant , a Georgia defense lawyer and legal observer , told CNN , "  Corruption is still very hard to prove . " In most businesses , Merchant said , "  You 're going to give the work to who you know , who you trust , who you perhaps took a family vacation with . The issue is going to be the testimony of those people , as to whether or not they expected to get something back in return for taking the family on vacation . " And if prosecutors can show that Nagin promised city business in exchange for their favors , "  Then he 's done , " she said . Nagin sought to have the charges dismissed in October after another federal judge blasted what he called the "  grotesque " misconduct of prosecutors in the post-Katrina shootings of unarmed civilians by police at the Danziger Bridge . The judge tossed out the convictions of five cashiered cops after ruling that members of the U.S. attorney 's office tainted their 2011 trial by anonymously posting "  egregious and inflammatory " comments at online news sites . Nagin argued that he was the target of the same underground effort , citing "  a continuum of perjorative statements and demeaning racial epithets " aimed at him . The U.S. attorney 's office said none of the prosecutors involved in the Danziger Bridge case played a role in the Nagin investigation , and Berrigan denied Nagin 's motion . The onetime cable-television executive was elected mayor in 2002 and was in office when the massive Katrina slammed ashore just east of New Orleans on August 29 , 2005 . The storm flooded more than three-fourths of the low-lying city and left more than 1,800 dead , most of them in across Louisiana . Supporters credited Nagin 's sometimes-profane demands for aid from Washington with helping reveal the botched federal response to the storm -- a fiasco that embarrassed the George W. Bush administration and led to billions of federal dollars being poured into Gulf Coast reconstruction efforts . But he also had his critics : A congressional committee criticized him for delaying evacuation orders , and his frantic description of post-storm New Orleans as a violent wasteland with up to 10,000 dead turned out to be greatly exaggerated . As he sought re-election in 2006 , with much of the city 's African-American population displaced by storm damage , he was blasted for insisting that New Orleans would remain a "  chocolate " city . He won a second term despite the controversies , but left office in mid-2010 with approval ratings in the cellar . Afterward , he told CNN his career in public office was over : "  I have given my pound of flesh , " he said .	Tight rules for public as jury selection starts for ex-New Orleans mayor Ray Nagin has pleaded not guilty to federal bribery and fraud charges Prosecutors say he took more than $ 200,000 in bribes from city contractors "  Corruption is still very hard to prove , " lawyer tells CNN
Boston , Massachusetts  CNN  -- Aijalon Mahli Gomes , the U.S. citizen sentenced to eight years of hard labor for crossing over the Chinese border into North Korea , arrived home Friday afternoon with the man who secured his freedom , former President Jimmy Carter . Gomes ' family rushed toward the steps of the private plane , wiping tears from their eyes and hugging the man imprisoned in communist North Korea since January . "  Thank you President Carter for traveling to North Korea to bring Aijalon home , " the family said in a statement . "  For Aijalon , although returning home , the journey toward healing really just begins today . " Relatives later spoke to reporters outside the family home about the release . Relatives said Gomes looked well physically . "  We are greatly pleased and thankful for -LSB- his -RSB- coming home , " said Gomes ' uncle , Michael Farrow . "  We are thankful for all the prayers and God most of all . " Gomes ' younger brother , Milton McCarthy Jr. , 19 , said , "  It 's an overwhelming amount of joy and happiness . It 's a prayer being answered . " Carter did not make any comments about his trip , which was surrounded by speculation on whether the former president had met with the reclusive North Korean leader Kim Jong Il . Carter has a history of helping thaw frigid Pyongyang-Washington relations . North Korea sentenced Gomes , 31 , to hard labor and a fine of about $ 600,000 for illegally crossing its border with China and for an unspecified "  hostile act . " Gomes is believed to be a Christian activist . "  At the request of President Carter , and for humanitarian purposes , Mr. Gomes was granted amnesty by the chairman of the National Defense Commission , Kim Jong Il , " said a statement from the Carter Center in Atlanta , Georgia . Farrow said Gomes , who had been living in South Korea for about nine years , was last home at Christmas . Farrow said he did n't know the circumstances surrounding Gomes ' entry into North Korea . "  That 's not in his character , " Farrow said . "  He did not take things to the extreme . He may have just been trying to peek in and help others and teach them . He had good motives . I know he had good intentions . " Nor does the family believe that Gomes tried to commit suicide , as suggested by North Korean reports , Farrow said . "  He 's a spiritual person , " Farrow said about his nephew . "  Perhaps he got sick , his body shut down . " The U.S. State Department and U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon welcomed Gomes ' release . "  We ... are relieved that he will soon be safely reunited with his family , " said department spokesman P.J. Crowley . "  We appreciate former President Carter 's humanitarian effort and welcome North Korea 's decision to grant Mr. Gomes special amnesty and allow him to return to the United States . " He added , "  The U.S. and North Korea do not have diplomatic relations and , as the case of Mr. Gomes illustrates , travel to North Korea is not routine or risk-free . " Ban commended Carter and said he "  appreciates the decision " of North Korea to release Gomes on "  humanitarian considerations . " Two American journalists -- Laura Ling and Euna Lee , who had crossed the border into North Korea in March 2009 and were arrested and sentenced to 12 years hard labor -- were released in August 2009 after an intervention by former U.S. President Bill Clinton . Carter arrived in North Korea 's capital , Pyongyang , Wednesday on a humanitarian mission to negotiate the release of Gomes . His visit was a private mission , and was not endorsed by the Obama administration . Carter was greeted by Kim Gye Gwan , North Korea 's chief negotiator at the six-party nuclear talks , and he also met the country 's titular head of state , Kim Jong Nam , according to state-run media in North Korea . "  Jimmy Carter made an apology to Kim Yong Nam for American Gomes ' illegal entry into -LSB- North Korea -RSB- and gave him the assurance that such case will never happen again , " the Korean Central News Agency reported Friday . KCNA also reported that Kim told Carter that North Korea wants to resume the six-party talks and work toward the denuclearization of the Korean peninsula . Carter 's 1994 talks with the late Kim Il Sung , Kim Jong Il 's father , paved the way for the "  Agreed Framework " the same year , an agreement designed to rein in Pyongyang 's nuclear ambitions . Gomes did n't have only Carter as an advocate . Florida-based attorney Michael Cavendish , who does n't know Gomes , started a letter-writing campaign when he learned about Gomes ' sentencing in April . Some of his letters criticized the U.S. government , which he argued initially did not do enough to advocate for Gomes . "  Over the past four months , there were times when it seemed pointless to write another letter , to make another phone call , to talk to anybody about it at all , because the world is vast and there were all kinds of other stories going on that were sucking up people 's attention . And things between the United States and North Korea and its allies were very , very grim , " Cavendish said early Friday . "  I 'm just tremendously happy that he 's been set free , " Cavendish said . CNN 's Catherine Shoichet and Susan Candiotti and journalist Andrew Salmon contributed to this report .	Aijalon Mahli Gomes lands on American soil after months in a North Korean jail The family thanks former President Carter for securing Gomes ' release Carter did not make any immediate comments about his trip Gomes was sentenced to 8 years of hard labor for illegal entry to North Korea
Tokyo  CNN  -- Students in many districts across Japan brushed off their uniforms and shouldered their bookbags for the first day of the new school year on Wednesday . But while most were worried about meeting their new teachers or what their class schedules might be , some were facing the threat of nuclear contamination or the loss of former classmates . In Tokyo , a group of students evacuated from the Fukushima area began the school year in a new city and a new classroom . Keisuke Takahashi , 7 , is one of several children staying at a youth center in Japan 's capital as their parents in the north work or take care of worse-off family members . "  I just got a letter from my mom , " he said . "  It says that she is hurting because we 're separated . But she says do n't worry , we will go home together after the nuclear power plant settles down . " "  I have n't got used to the life yet , because I have to live separately from my mom , " he said walking into the Minamisuna Primary School . "  I miss her . " Up in northern Japan , where the worst devastation from last month 's tsunami occurred , the new school year has been delayed several weeks . Dozens of schools were wiped out or too badly damaged to reopen in Miyagi prefecture . Governments and educators are scrambling to repair schools , round up teachers and cope with the tens of thousands of displaced people . A different set of problems in Fukushima , where authorities have begun testing schools , kindergartens and playgrounds across the prefecture after parents expressed worries about high levels of radiation . Teams of researchers will monitor 1,428 locations over three days ending Thursday to try to reassure the public about safety outside the 20-kilometer exclusion zone around the damaged Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant . The testing coincides with the beginning of the new school year in the prefecture , as tens of thousands of students return to classes . "  As the elementary schools starts on April 6th , we 've heard many of the concern from the parents whether the schools are safe enough to have their children to attend , " an officer at Fukushima Disaster Management told CNN . "  In response to it , we conduct to check radiation level to secure the  safety  of the children . " Authorities have announced repeatedly that there is little danger of contamination in the region , but there are monitoring stations across the country on watch . Government surveys are being taken several times daily by authorities from the area directly surrounding the damaged reactor , focusing on radiation "  hot spots " such as ponds , low spots and drains where snow runoff and wind would naturally concentrate radiation . The spots with the highest levels of radiation Wednesday were just northwest of the plant , outside the 20-kilometer zone , with one spot registering 50.9 microsieverts . In comparison , the J-Village emergency site where workers are stationed at the cusp of the 20-kilometer zone showed a reading of just 1.1 microsieverts . A person in a developed nation is naturally exposed to about 3,000 microsieverts a year . The readings fluctuate over the day and change with wind patterns , but could also be showing that small amounts of radiation from debris and dust continue to come from the reactor site . No information is being released for sites inside the exclusion zone . The information , compiled by the Ministry of Education , Culture , Sports , Science and Technology  MEXT  , may eventually help create a "  minefield map " of spots and transportation routes that are better to be avoided or closed off to the public . And in Tokyo , the radiation level has been dropping over recent days , as low wind speeds have limited the scattering of radiation from the north . CNN 's Junko Ogura , Whitney Hurst and Greg Botelho contributed to this report	Some students evacuated from the Fukushima area start school in Tokyo Dozens of schools in northern Japan are wiped out or too badly damaged to reopen Some parents stay in northern Japan to work or take care of worse-off relatives
CNN  -- A U.S. destroyer is shadowing a ship off the coast of Somalia after it was taken over by 50 pirates , authorities said . The M/V Iceberg was identified last week after the USS McFaul conducted a 36-hour surveillance mission , the multi-national Combined Maritime Forces said in a statement . The USS McFaul began shadowing the Panamanian-flagged vessel May 19 before the M/V Iceberg reversed course and began heading toward the Somali coast . "  We can not be sure what the pirates ' plan was if they had not been interrupted , " said Rear Adm. Beom Rim Lee , commander of the Combined Maritime Forces task force . "  The vessel may have been on its way to either assist other pirates in distress , or look for another merchant vessel to attack , " he said . The M/V Iceberg was last been seen off the coast of the Somali town of Garacaad , a known pirate haven , but its exact location was unknown until USS McFaul positively identified it . "  Further investigation showed the name of the ship had been crudely painted over " in an effort to disguise it , which caused confusion in identifying it , the Combined Maritime Forces statement said . The USS McFaul had initially requested to board the ship to check on the crew . The M/V Iceberg denied it had been taken over , saying it was having mechanical difficulties . Eventually , crew members radioed back saying they had been taken hostage by heavily armed pirates , officials said . The M/V Iceberg has a crew of 24 from Yemen , India , Ghana , Sudan , Pakistan and the Philippines , officials said . Cmdr. Ronald W. Toland , Jr. , commanding officer of USS McFaul , said he tried to ensure the safety of the crew first . "  Given the report of heavily armed pirates on board , it was more prudent to monitor the ship 's movement , rather than attempt a rescue , " he said .	Destroyer USS McFaul followed Panamanian vessel as it headed toward Somalia M/V Iceberg and crew of 24 are held by 50 pirates U.S. ship commander putting off rescue attempt out of concern for captives ' safety
Bangkok  CNN  -- More than two months of floods and 8 million people affected -- the disaster in Thailand is immense ; the aid effort a challenge . Much of the effort appears to be internally driven . Thais across the country are donating food , water and clothing to help their countrymen in the worst-hit areas . Donations have far surpassed previous years . Floods happen every year here , but these are the worst in half a century and have left at least 283 dead . The Thai military and aid groups share the responsibility of distributing the life-saving supplies . In the ancient city of Ayutthara , one of the worst-hit regions , military trucks move slowly down the main street , cutting through a constant river of water , passing out aid to those who can get close . Anyone who has a boat is using it to transport aid or to help neighbors carrying their possessions as water levels rise and engulf homes . Those who do n't have a boat are making do with rubber tires or even slabs of Styrofoam . There is a true sense of teamwork between the communities . The Bangkok suburb of Sam Kok is sandwiched between the overflowing Chao Phraya River and the 2.5-meter floodwalls that are so far successfully protecting the inner and commercial part of the capital . The water here has nowhere to go and levels are rising fast . La Sinsap , 60 , has had to move into the local temple as his house is completely submerged . He says the situation is dire and help is not getting there fast enough to those who do n't live on the main street . "  It 's very bad around here , " he told CNN . "  We do n't have enough to eat . " Temples are playing a significant role in the disaster . Thailand is overwhelmingly Buddhist and many temples , although flooded themselves , have some dry floors on higher ground and have opened their doors to those in need . Monk Somkuan Thanajaro says it will take a long time to fix the waterlogged temple where Sinsap is staying . Huge Buddhas sit in stagnant water along what was once a river bank . The worry is if the water does n't recede soon , the damage to these historic monuments could be permanent . But Thanajaro 's first concern is helping his community , many of whom are now sleeping in the temple . "  Whenever we get donations , we share it all with the villagers , " he says . The international community is responding to the disasters playing out across Thailand . China has donated $ 1.5 million and the United States $ 1 million . The U.S. is also sending 26 helicopters to help the relief effort , invaluable as more roads turn to rivers and become impassable . United Nations agencies also are on standby , activating their assessment teams and contingency planning in Thailand , Cambodia and Vietnam , according to the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs . The World Health Organization has offered emergency health kits .	8 million people are affected by the floods , which have killed 283 people Thais are leading the aid effort , providing their countrymen with food , water and clothing Temples have become a place of refuge for those whose homes are submerged
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- Federal authorities have charged alleged drug cartel leader Edgar Valdez-Villarreal -- known as "  La Barbie " -- and five other defendants with trafficking thousands of kilograms of cocaine from Mexico into the United States between 2004 and 2006 , according to an indictment unsealed in federal court Friday . Valdez-Villarreal , who remains at large , is alleged to be a top member of the Arturo Beltran-Leyva cocaine cartel . Authorities have issued a $ 2 million reward for information leading to his capture . He is currently believed to be in Mexico , a Justice Department statement noted . "  This indictment shows that we are not content simply to arrest and prosecute those in our district who work on behalf of the Mexican cartels to bring cocaine into the United States , " U.S. Attorney Sally Quillian Yates said . "  We are committed to tracing the drugs back to the cartel leaders themselves , and we look forward to the opportunity to prosecute the sources of this cocaine in federal court . " The indictment charges Valdez-Villarreal , 36 , Carlos Montemayor , 37 , Juan Montemayor , 45 , Ruben Hernandez , 38 , and Roberto Lopez , 31 , with conspiring to import and distribute cocaine , as well as attempted money laundering . The sixth defendant , Jesus Ramos , has already been arrested and arraigned in Atlanta , Georgia . Evidence unveiled during an early 2008 trial in Atlanta showed that Valdez-Villarreal played a key role in shipping roughly 100 kilograms of cocaine across the border at Laredo , Texas , every week for much of 2005 , the statement indicated . Several tractor trailer trucks were used to ship the cocaine to Atlanta , as well as to transport millions of dollars in cash back to Mexico . Valdez-Villarreal , according to the U.S. State Department , was a member of Mexico 's Sinaloa drug cartel until Arturo Beltran-Leyva broke off to form his own ring in 2008 . Beltran-Leyva was killed in a shoot-out with Mexican officials in December 2009 .	Feds charge Edgar Valdez-Villarreal -- a.k.a. "  La Barbie " -- with distributing thousands of kilograms of cocaine Five other defendants face similar charges Authorities offer $ 2 million reward for information leading to the capture of Valdez-Villarreal Valdez-Villarreal is believed to be in Mexico
CNN  -- It is another landmark in the career of one of football 's greatest ever players . Another two goals in the colors of Barcelona took Lionel Messi to 71 in the European Champions League -- level with the all-time record holder Raul . The Argentina striker grabbed both goals as the Spanish giants beat Ajax 2-0 in Amsterdam , and now needs just one more to go clear of the legendary Spain striker . Messi is already Barca 's all-time leading scorer and a four-time Ballon d'Or winner at the age of 27 . Not only did he move level with Raul in the Champions League scoring charts , he also edged one ahead of another stand out player of this generation -- Cristiano Ronaldo . The Real Madrid striker failed to add to his tally in his side 's 1-0 victory over Liverpool on Tuesday night , but the battle to beat Raul 's record is still very much on . Messi 's first came from that rare source -- his head . His fine finish from Marc Bartra 's cross was only the fourth header in that bumper haul of 71 goals . And with 15 minutes left , Messi slid in to polish off a Pedro cross from the left to pull himself level with Raul . His brace also secured Barca 's spot in the last 16 of the competition . Man City implosion Elsewhere , it was another miserable European night for English Premier League champions Manchester City . Despite its riches and its legion of international stars , Manuel Pellegrini 's men sank to rock bottom in its group after a 2-1 home defeat to CSKA Moscow , who had never before won in England . Only once has City made it out of the group stages -- last season -- when it was beaten 4-1 by Spanish giants Barcelona in its last 16 clash . Despite City 's victory over neighbors United in the Manchester derby on Sunday , it has been in poor form of late , failing to win any of its three matches before that . And in a subdued atmosphere , it fell behind inside 96 seconds to a striker fast becoming its nemesis -- Seydou Doumbia . The Ivorian rose highest to meet an early free kick and plant it beyond England goalkeeper Joe Hart to score his fourth goal against City . Doumbia 's fellow countryman Yaya Toure brought the home side level with a stunning free kick of his own , firing into the top corner from 25 yards out . But City self destructed again , a poor clearance from Gael Clichy allowing Bebras Natcho to pick Doumbia , who fired into the net past Hart . City 's task became more difficult when Brazilian midfielder Fernandinho was sent off with 20 minutes remaining and things went from bad to worse ten minutes later when Toure was also dismissed . CSKA saw out the remaining minutes to leapfrog City in the table and keep its own qualification hopes alive . "  It 's very difficult to understand why we played so badly , " Pellegrini told Sky Sports . "  We were nervous . We did n't play . It 's difficult to know why you have such a low performance from important players . It 's a strange moment . "  I do n't think it 's just this competition -- in the last two weeks we are not playing the way we normally do . I do n't understand but we must find a reason . It 's a crisis of confidence . " In the group 's other clash , Bayern Munich followed up its 7-1 win over AS Roma in Italy with a 2-0 success at home , Franck Ribéry and Mario Götze grabbing the goals . Another English club -- Premier League leaders Chelsea -- struggled against NK Maribor , drawing 1-1 with the Slovenian minnows . After squandering a string of first-half chances , Jose Mourinho 's side were made to pay when Agim Ibraimi curled a fine effort into the top corner beyond Petr Cech on 50 minutes . Luka Zahovic missed a glorious chance to double Maribor 's lead , firing over the bar from barely six yards out with the goal gaping , before Nemanja Matic equalized with 17 minutes to go . Belgium international Eden Hazard had a late penalty saved by Jasmin Handanovic , but Chelsea extended its lead at the top of the group after German club Schalke were beaten 4-2 by Sporting Lisbon in Portugal . "  I was not happy with the team or the performance , " Mourinho told Sky Sports . "  I think we deserved to win but with this referee I have a long story from my Italian times but I do n't want to go in this direction . "  They gave absolutely everything -- they fought fantastically well for their point . It is a big day for them so it is also fair to praise them . " Elsewhere , Paris Saint-Germain beat Apoel Nicosia 1-0 thanks to Edinson Cavani 's goal after 54 seconds -- the quickest in this year 's competition so far . Spanish side Athletic Bilbao slumped to a 2-0 defeat by Portuguese outfit Porto , while Ukrainian club Shakthar Donestsk beat BATE Borisov 5-0 , two weeks after winning 7-0 in Belarus .	Lionel Messi pulls level with Raul 's record haul of 71 Champions League goals Barcelona striker scores two goals in the Spanish club 's 2-0 victory over Ajax Amsterdam Argentine needs one more to break Raul 's mark while Cristiano Ronaldo is on 70 Manchester City sink bottom of the group after home defeat by CSKA Moscow
CNN  -- A 59-year-old Michigan woman has been charged in connection with the death and dismemberment of the woman 's 32-year-old son , a sheriff said Monday . Donna Scrivo was arraigned in St. Clair Shores , Michigan , on charges of disinterment and mutilation of a body , St. Clair County Sheriff Tim Donnellon said at a news conference . Body parts identified as those of Ramsay Scrivo , the suspect 's son , were found in garbage bags dumped along Michigan roads , according to law enforcement officials . Officials at the press conference said they expect more charges to follow . An autopsy is not complete and a cause of death has not yet been determined , Detective Sergeant Jay Cohoe said at the news conference . According to court documents , Donna Scrivo filed a petition seeking hospitalization for mental illness of her son in May and was granted guardianship . The petition was filed shortly after Ramsay Scrivo 's father 's death , Cohoe said . "  From what I understand , it  the father 's death  did have a negative impact on the family , " Cohoe said . Officials stated that there was no history of assault allegations between Donna Scrivo and her son but police had been to the home on disorderly complaints . The body parts were found Thursday and Friday at five different locations in St. Clair County , a few miles from the Canadian border . A witness told police she saw a middle-aged woman in a light-colored SUV dumping what she initially thought was garbage in the area . Security camera footage from the area confirmed the witness ' account . "  A suspect vehicle was identified and images broadcast of a person of interest , " the St. Clair Shores police and the St. Clair County Sheriff 's Office said in a joint news release Saturday . Ramsay Scrivo had been missing since January 26 . His remains were identified through fingerprints . "  He would sit outside , very friendly , " a neighbor told CNN affiliate WDIV . "  Well-respected , everyone talked to him . He would say hi to everybody . " Donna Scrivo was being held with bail set at $ 100,000 , and with a preliminary hearing set for February 14 , according to officials at the news conference . She had not obtained an attorney as of Monday afternoon , officials said . CNN 's Joe Sutton and Rick Martin contributed to this report .	Body parts were discovered last week in garbage bags along roads in a Michgan County Authorities say the remains are those of a 32-year-old Michigan man The dead man 's 59-year-old mother was charged Monday in connection with the death
CNN  -- This is the summer of Auto-Tune . The Gregory Brothers have become a viral hit with their "  Auto-Tune the News " videos . No matter how hard some people -- notably Jay-Z -- have tried to kill the trend of musicians using computers to make their voices sound like whiny robots , Auto-Tune technology continues to ride a cultural high . Now the voice-altering effects are migrating from recording studios to YouTube and mobile phones . An iPhone app called "  I Am T-Pain " lets people manipulate their voices to sound like the popular rapper and Auto-Tune advocate . The Gregory Brothers , a sibling band out of Brooklyn , New York , has become a hit on YouTube with a series of videos that Auto-Tune cable newscasts and political speeches . The group , which also tours as a low-fi soul band , started its series of videos called "  Auto-Tune the News " during the 2008 presidential debates and has gained millions of fans in recent months . CNN spoke with Andrew Gregory , a 27-year-old member of the band , about the popularity of Auto-Tune -- the trademarked name for the popular pitch-correction software -- and the role of technology in music and society . The following is an edited transcript of our conversation : Why do you think your videos have taken off like they have ? I think with any sort of viral video there 's a little bit of luck involved . So we 're counting our lucky stars that we 've been lucky enough to have it take off like that . At the same time I think the novelty of seeing people like Katie Couric and Newt Gingrich sing has really captured peoples ' attention . How do you make the videos ? What actually goes into it ? Michael likes to joke that there 's a huge Auto-Tune lever that he hooks up to his computer and whenever he sees video footage he just pulls the lever , and anything that strikes his fancy is automatically Auto-Tuned . But there 's a lot of technical stuff that goes into it . ... We scour a lot of footage to see what 's going to work and what 's not going to work . We try to find what people are going to tune well and what people wo n't tune well . ... Really , by the time the video gets made I 'd say it 's eight or 10 days of work that goes into one of these videos , between the four of us . What makes someone a good candidate for Auto-Tuning ? An example of a great candidate for Auto-Tuning would be either Katie Couric or Joe Biden . Both Katie Couric and Joe Biden have just continued to astonish us with their unbelievable , almost hidden melodies in their speaking voices . A lot of it has to do with how they project their voice in terms of their soft palate . But it also has to do with how much of an oratorical fashion they speak . Joe Biden , in a lot of his speeches , is delivering them in a preacher sort of fashion that tunes really well . While someone who ended up tuning really poorly -- we thought he would tune really well ! -- was Sean Hannity . We thought he 'd tune really well just because Sean Hannity is always talking really loud . But it turns out that despite the fact that he was talking really loud , it was a nasal talking and it was a harsh and abrasive loud voice , so it ended up not tuning well at all . Does President Obama make for a good Auto-Tune ? You know , what was great from Obama was the campaign speeches . His campaign speeches were excellent , because he was sort of using that almost gospel-preacher rhetorical style . Since he 's been president , he 's been so relaxed and sort of so laid back and cerebral and sort of intellectual . He 's not been quite as excellent for Auto-Tuning because there 's a lot more of a mumbly tone about him . A lot less of the "  Yes we can ! " and a lot more of the "  Weeeeell , as we see ... " Has "  Auto-Tune the News " helped your other musical efforts or do you think it 's pulling you away ? It 's certainly making us focus a lot more on "  Auto-Tune the News . " As the videos have sort of grown in scope and become more popular , we ca n't help but continue to work on them as our fans clamor for more . Do you ever use Auto-Tune in the other performances , like in your band ? We 've never used it live . We 're no Ashlee Simpson . But I think we 've used it a little bit on our record . Right now it 's a huge fad to Auto-Tune the crap out of people so that they sound like robots . But on pretty much any record you listen to these days there 's some level of Auto-Tune on it , even if it 's a very , very small amount . If there 's just one small note that 's just a little bit flat , why would n't you Auto-Tune it to make it sound OK ? Do you think it 's hurting music at all that people expect a singer 's pitch to be perfect ? It means that people who ca n't sing as well are becoming famous singers . But I do n't know , that 's why I love going to see live music , because that really sorts out the real singers from the not-so-real singers . If you could invent any technology or pick a technology that you would like to see invented , what would it be ? Oh , wow . I 'd probably go for a teleportation machine myself . ... Like the one they used in "  Star Trek , " hopefully , right ? Where you can jump in the teleportation machine and get to your gigs without having to carry all your amps and drive eight hours in your van . I mean , I play music for free . It 's carrying my amps and driving places in my van that I have to charge people for . That 'd be the real revolution for the music industry . Do you have the T-Pain iPhone app ? Yeah , we were beta testers for that app . Do you use the app in day-to-day life ? We 've been joking around and showing it to friends who did n't have it yet . But we 're playing our first concert in a while tonight -LSB- September 11 -RSB- . I 'm in North Carolina . And we 're going to try to hook our iPhones up to the sound system and we 're going to try to T-Pain our voices live . So we 'll see if it works . Do you have a favorite iPhone app just in general ? I 'm not much of an app guy , but when I really need to kill some time I go for PapiJump . It 's like the simplest , dumbest game possible on the iPhone . Other than that , the New York Times app is nice . What have you learned about the Internet in watching your videos go viral ? I think a lot of people are using the Internet for just a sort of quick laugh fix . Whether you 're bored at work or looking for something fun to do at home , people sort of live serious enough lives . I think everyone loves to laugh . And if you can get five minutes of the day at work ... to get a couple yucks in , I think you 'd rather do that than watch your latest YouTube conspiracy movie or something .	CNN talks with Andrew Gregory , one of the people behind "  Auto-Tune the News " The Gregory Brothers use the technology to alter voices of news-makers Gregory says Katie Couric has a good Auto-Tune voice , but Sean Hannity does n't He plans to use the "  I am T-Pain " Auto-Tune app in a live performance
CNN Student News  -- April 16 , 2010 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Blacksburg , Virginia • Iceland • Kyrgyzstan Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : Some fast facts to get us going today : I 'm Carl Azuz . This is CNN Student News . Fridays are awesome ! Today 's show is out of this world , or at least , that 's where it starts . First Up : Space Strategy AZUZ : Space . What parts of it are we going to explore ? How much money are we going to spend to get there ? President Obama has a new strategy that answers those questions . He talked about it in a speech at the Kennedy Space Center yesterday . The president says he is 100 percent committed to NASA and its mission . He 's proposing that the agency get an additional $ 6 billion over the next 5 years , with a goal of sending humans to Mars by the 2030s . But under this plan , what you wo n't see is this : people walking on the moon . President Obama 's strategy would cancel plans to send astronauts back there . He says , "  We 've been there before . There 's a lot more of space to explore . " Buzz Aldrin , one of the first men to walk on the moon , agrees with the president . But Aldrin 's NASA crewmate , Neil Armstrong , the first man to walk on the moon , disagrees . He 's part of a group of astronauts that have criticized the president 's plan . Other NASA officials argue that the proposal could cost thousands of people their jobs . The president believes it 's a way to move forward . U.S. PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA : This is the next chapter that we can write together here at NASA . We will partner with industry , we will invest in cutting-edge research and technology . We will set far-reaching milestones and provide the resources to reach those milestones . And step by step , we will push the boundaries , not only of where we can go , but what we can do . Mine Safety AZUZ : The president 's also ordering a review of mines that have bad safety records . This comes after last week 's tragedy at the Upper Big Branch Mine in West Virginia . President Obama has criticized the company that owns the mine , specifically because of its safety record . The company called that criticism "  regrettable " and said the president may be misinformed about the mine 's safety record . Meantime , the governor of West Virginia has asked all of the state 's miners to show up for work today . But instead of producing coal , he wants them to spend the day re-evaluating safety procedures . GOV. JOE MANCHIN ,  D  WEST VIRGINIA : What better honor can we give those fallen miners than to say we 're gon na dedicate this day , re-evaluate , have seminars , re-inspect . And those that have repeated violations will be heavily inspected . That 's all we can do in honor of those miners , so that we never have another family or miner go through this . Tea Party Rally AZUZ : Switching over to politics , the Tea Party movement is getting ready for the midterm elections coming up in November . The group has released a list of "  heroes and targets . " The "  heroes " on the list are candidates that the Tea Party plans to support in the elections . The "  targets " are anyone that the group would like to see voted out of office . Of course , lists are not the only way that the Tea Party gets its message out . Rallies are the group 's bread and butter . This one in Washington , D.C. yesterday was wrapping up a three-week tour across the U.S. . The timing : no coincidence . Yesterday , of course , was Tax Day , and the group is opposed to what it sees as government overspending . VA Tech Remembrance AZUZ : In Blacksburg , Virginia and all over the U.S. , people are taking time today to honor the victims of a deadly shooting . It happened on the campus of Virginia Tech University three years ago today . Police say a student at the school went on a shooting spree , killing 32 people before killing himself . Today , Virginia Tech and the local community are holding memorial ceremonies like this remembrance run from last year . Candlelight vigils and a community arts project are also scheduled to mark the day . Word to the Wise TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : A Word to the Wise ... dormant  adjective  temporarily inactive , or in a state of no external activity source : www.m-w.com Iceland Volcano AZUZ : A volcano in Iceland had been dormant for more than 180 years . But then a few weeks ago , this started . The volcano is erupting , and some scientists say it could last for more than a year . That 's about how long it went the last time this happened . That was back in the 1820s . This time , the impact is being felt all across Europe . Here , you see London 's Heathrow Airport , planes on the ground . Where you do n't see them is in the sky . The UK is not alone in this . More than half a dozen countries canceled flights yesterday ; up to 6,000 total across the European continent . The problem is ash . When the volcano erupted , it sent this huge cloud of smoke and ash high up into the air . If a jet were to fly through that , it could cause the plane 's engines to shut down . So , that 's why there are so many cancellations . Rob Marciano looks at how weather and winds are playing a part in all of this . ROB MARCIANO , CNN WEATHER ANCHOR : The way the weather pattern is set up right now -- and Iceland , obviously , to the north -- but we 've got this funky upper air pattern about 30,000 feet , which is where that ash went to , up where the jets fly . And it 's scooting around towards Scandinavia , back through parts of the UK and also into other parts of Western Europe . Here is the , here it is on the infrared satellite picture . You see it right there kind of heading this way . That 's the cloud itself . Kyrgyzstan Unrest AZUZ : Major political change in Kyrgyzstan . The president of the central Asian country has resigned . Kurmanbek Bakiev left for neighboring Kazakhstan yesterday after he was forced out of power last week . This was all part of a deal between Bakiev and Kyrgyzstan 's new government . Russia , the United States and several international groups helped in the negotiations . Kyrgyzstan 's temporary government told the U.S. State Department that it plans to hold elections in six months . The U.S. says it hopes that Kyrgyzstan will become a model for democracy in the region . The country is important to the U.S. because there 's a military base there . And that base supports NATO operations in Afghanistan . Shoutout MATT CHERRY , CNN STUDENT NEWS : As we wrap up National Library Week , today 's Shoutout goes out to all the librarians out there ! Where would you find the largest library in the world ? Is it in : A  Athens , B  London , C  Washington , D.C. or D  Cairo ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! Washington , D.C. is home to the U.S. Library of Congress , the largest library in the world . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Escape to Charity AZUZ : Mackenzie Bearup 's collection is n't quite that large , but she has rounded up more than 30,000 books . And just like a library , her goal is to share them with other people . Who she shares them with , and why , are what make Mackenzie a CNN Hero . BEGIN VIDEO MACKENZIE BEARUP , CNN HERO : I was in the fifth grade when I hurt my knee . UNIDENTIFIED MALE : Ready ? BEARUP : Yeah , I 'm ready . The doctor diagnosed me with reflex sympathetic dystrophy . When something touches it , it 's like a bomb goes off in my knee . Even though I 've tried many different treatments , the only thing able to get my mind off the pain was reading . Do you guys like to read ? My pediatrician told me about a home for abused children . Any child being in horrible pain like this , they need something , and something that I knew that helped me was books . OK . This is called "  Screaming Millie . " But the people in these shelters are just like you and me . They need things to get their mind off of whatever they 're going through . I put flyers in mailboxes and I set up a Web site . Thank you so much for donating . My original goal was to get 300 books . Before I knew it , I had 3,000 books . My total right now is 38,000 books . And I 've delivered books to libraries and reading rooms in 27 different shelters in six states . And take as many books as you want . If one child finds a love of reading through books I 've given them , then that will help them in school and just turn their life around entirely . I really think that reading can do that for someone . END VIDEO Promo AZUZ : Unless you 're a librarian , there is one -- and only one -- way to get a Shoutout on our show . Teachers , you head to our home page , CNNStudentNews.com , it 's whatyou are looking at right now . Now , in the Spotlight section , which you see , click on that iReport link . And once you get there , hit the "  share your story " button to upload a picture of your school . That 's it ! That 's all you got ta do . So start today at CNNStudentNews.com , and be on the lookout for your Shoutout . Before We Go AZUZ : Before we go , we are bringing you the ultimate in extreme sports . Get ready to shred ... with your fingers ? Well , why not . No helmets , no pads , no problem , right ? It 's called fingerboarding ; it 's kind-of like skateboarding . Maybe not like skateboarding . Everything 's scaled down to size . But these guys are trying to land jumps and kick-flips , just like those of you who skateboard . It may look a little strange ; maybe it 's just the next generation of boarding . Goodbye AZUZ : I mean , after all , it seems like the perfect sport for the digital age . We 're sure they wo n't get board with it . I do n't know . We wo n't have any more puns ; we 're just sitting here , spinning our wheels . Hope you have a great weekend . We 'll see you next Monday . For CNN Student News , I 'm Carl Azuz .	Discover why some famous astronauts disagree about a new space proposal Find out how a volcano in Iceland is affecting flights across Europe Hear how one teenager is giving back through a massive book drive Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
London  CNN  -- As western countries remain mired in financial turmoil , business people are looking to get a foothold in China , hoping to tap its growth and expanding middle class . Solid economic expansion , coupled with a rapid market transformation and a series of government reforms , mean China -- the world 's second-largest economy -- is no longer just a country for low-cost manufacturing . It is also an increasingly attractive destination to do business . Several western companies -- including global giants such as Starbucks , Volkswagen , Boeing and Procter & Gamble -- have established a presence in the country . But despite China 's increasing influence , challenges remain for those looking to do business in the country . Intense competition , corruption , business etiquette and language are some of the barriers that can be faced . Here are five things you should know before doing business in China . A mosaic of markets China is the world 's most populous nation , with its sprawling 1.3 billion people making up a highly diverse market . "  There is no such thing as the Chinese market , " says Martin Roll , a business and brand strategist who provides advisory to global and Asian brands on China . "  You have to look at China more like a mosaic of cultures , " he adds . There is no single consumer profile , and analysts suggest companies remain flexible and innovative , while understanding how their company would fit in each specific market . "  You need people who 've been in the market , you talk to trade associations , you talk to trade promotion bodies , you talk to people and bit by bit you get to understand the dynamics , " says Stephen Perry , president of the 48 Group Club , an independent business network promoting business relations between China and the UK . "  There 's no simple answer in China -- it depends so much upon the specific market and upon the specific characteristic of your own company , " he adds . Business culture and etiquette Operating in a country with a history of thousands of years -- and ways of doing business that go back as far -- it is valuable to develop insight into China 's business culture and social etiquette to avoid misunderstandings that could scuttle deals and harm working relationships . One key aspect of Chinese culture is the concept of "  face . " In "  China Uncovered : What you need to know to do business in China , " professor Jonathan Story describes face as a mix of public perception , social role and self-esteem than has the potential to either destroy or help build relationships . Story says that a foreign CEO can give face by attending meetings , accepting invitations , providing suitable expensive gifts and showing sensitivity to Chinese culture . In contrast , entrepreneurs can lose face by insulting someone in public , refusing invitations and gifts or by behaving inappropriately , like losing their temper or crying -- acts that are seen as lack of self-control and weakness . Business outsiders can impress with their knowledge of local customs , acknowledging hierarchy , offering gifts , addressing people by their designation -- especially when dealing with state representatives -- and appreciating the food . Such awareness of cultural nuances illustrate respect and sincere interest , says Roll . On the flip side , Chinese business people generally respect cultural differences and wo n't expect westerners to be fully customized to their tradition , analysts say . "  At the end of the day , the Chinese are very pragmatic , " says Perry . "  If you have something they want , they 'll do business with you no matter whether you can hold chopsticks or not . " Jack Perkowski , a Wall Street veteran who 's often referred to as "  Mr China " for his entrepreneurship in the Asian country since 1993 , says developing mutual trust is key to success in doing business in China . "  The most important thing is , whoever you 're meeting with or whoever you 're dealing with , to treat them with respect , " he says . Taking a market-based approach Western businesses looking to tap the Chinese market should be aware of local preferences , and adapt accordingly . For example , Starbucks started serving green tea lattes in a bid to get a traditionally tea-drinking nation hooked on coffee ; McDonald 's adapted its menu to include items like spicy chicken wings and chicken burgers in an effort to appeal to local tastes . "  No matter how good you think your product is , no matter how well it sells in the UK , the United States or anywhere else , you need to really look at that product in the context of China and say is that the right product , is it too high-priced , do we need to do something different , do we need to adapt ? " says Perkowski . Procedures in China take time , patience and money Western companies looking to tap China also need to show a long-term approach that will prove that they 're in the country to stay , analysts say . "  It 's very important when a western company tries to go to China they have to realize that success in China takes time , it requires patience and it costs a lot of resources , " says Roll . Perry says that people have got to be very open-minded about anticipating what China is going to be in the coming decades . "  China  is growing in the field of consumer goods and it will grow fast so people have got to find a way to match the future impact of China with the current characteristics of China , " he says . Build a strong local team Newcomers wanting to crack China will need to move , get someone from their organization to relocate or find an experienced group to represent them , says Perkowski , who 's also the author of "  Managing the Dragon : How I 'm Building a Billion Dollar Business in China . " "  When you 're just starting , you 've got to recognize there 's going to be a limit to what you can do travelling back and forth to China , " he adds . "  You 'll never going to get a deal done -LSB- without basing yourself there -RSB- . " Surrounding yourself with local talent can help you break deals , understand the culture and the complexities of the market as well as compensate for the language barrier for those who do n't speak Mandarin , analysts say . "  The only way you are going to ultimately be successful is by putting together a good team , " says Perkowski .	China is home to a growing middle class with a big appetite for consumer goods Western firms looking to tap China should be innovative and flexible , analysts say They also need to adopt a long-term approach and build a strong local team Competition , corruption , business etiquette and language are some of the hurdles
CNN  -- As Tropical Storm Washi washed over the southern Philippine island of Mindanao last December , heavy rains triggered deadly floods and landslides . More than 1,000 people died and at least 1,500 were injured , according to the Red Cross . The storm , locally called Typhoon Sendong , left tens of thousands homeless . ` Calamity ' after Philippines storm When iReporter Vince Avena from Quezon City , a Manila suburb , saw the destruction spread across the southern part of his country , he knew he had to act . He and a group of seven friends planned a trip to Mindanao for the first week of February so they could help in the effort to rebuild . They named it "  Operation VALENTINES . " iReport : Operation VALENTINES under way Shortly after the group arrived in Cagayan de Oro , Avena shared his thoughts and hopes for the trip with CNN by e-mail in this Impact Q&A . CNN : Tell me about your trip . How did it start ? Avena : A handful of iReporter friends of mine , along with myself , wanted to do something for the victims of Typhoon Sendong other than just writing or talking about it . We felt the need to at least do something to show the people that there are those who do care about their situation . We started to plan a quick trip to -LSB- Cagayan de Oro -RSB- a day before the new year . But it was not enough . We needed to do something more . Thus , a second trip was planned , this time over a month after the typhoon . That is because we figured that by that time  this February  , the attention of the general public would have shifted elsewhere . The victims would have been just statistical data and forgotten . What better thing to do on the love month of February , than to do something that will show these people the love and concern we do have for them . To give them the "  Christmas " they did n't get . To bring to them some joy and happiness . CNN : What are you doing ? Avena : We each tried to gather things , relief goods from friends and relatives , even our own personal belongings that we felt would be useful . We coordinated with people in the area -- Cagayan de Oro and Iligan -- who would accompany us in our relief efforts . Personally , I gathered the elementary school books of my kids from grade one to six for all subjects which the people in Iligan can use to start a small library . I do have almost half a ton of clothes ready just in case the people would need clothes . We hope to go back to the area and see what else we can do for the people we 've met if possible , to help them rebuild a schoolroom at least , and help them with their water supply as they have only one source of water for the entire barangay  or district  . CNN : Why is this project important ? Avena : For all the hazards and disasters that occur , be it natural or man-made , the children are the ones that suffer the most . They are the most vulnerable . Though not related to us in any way , even as total strangers , our hearts lead us to do something , anything , that can help lighten the load of these people . We may not be able to help everyone , but those that we can help by whatever means possible , then it is something worth doing . CNN : How are you making an impact ? Avena : By creating awareness . By getting others involved . By giving a way by which people , ordinary people , can help others through our joint efforts . By planning what we want to accomplish , and following through on our promise . By starting to help -- one life , one community , one step at a time . CNN : Why should other people get involved ? Avena : Life has got to be more than just working and having a good time . We have to stand for something . There is a time when we should just stop criticizing , stop staying on the sideline , stop being a spectator . It is about time that people get involved in what 's happening around them . Rather than being a part of the problem , let us be key to the solution . What are you doing to Impact Your World ? We want to hear about how you or someone you know is making a difference in the lives of others . Go to CNN iReport for details .	Tropical Storm Washi hit the Philippines in December , killing more than 1,000 people Areas near Cagayan de Oro and Iligan City are still rebuilding from the storm Vince Avena and friends collected supplies to distribute to those affected by the storm Avena named the trip Operation VALENTINES and hopes it brings the victims joy and happiness
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The founder of the Free Burma Coalition accused Myanmar neighbors China and India on Thursday of failing to do their share of "  heavy lifting " in aiding victims of the Myanmar cyclone . A young survivor waits for relief supplies by a makeshift house in Bogaley . Maung Zarni , a visiting research fellow at Oxford University , said both nations could do more in trying to persuade the Myanmar junta to allow international aid workers and equipment into the country . Zarni also slammed the Association of Southeast Asian Nations  ASEAN  , for the same reason . "  The latest episode involving the junta 's handling of the cyclone victims in Burma really calls into question the meaning and the usefulness , the value of ASEAN , " he added . The organization of 10 nations promotes economic growth , social progress and cultural development in the region . "  China is n't doing its share of heavy lifting , and the same can be said about India as well , " Zarni said . "  China is a country on the rise , and it can really repair its tarnished reputation around Tibet if it puts pressure on the regime and says , ` This is unacceptable , even to Chinese standards . ' " Zarni was referring to critics of last fall 's Chinese crackdown on pro-democracy demonstrators , led by Tibetan monks . He directed most of his criticism toward Myanmar 's military rulers , who he said are solely concerned with their own security and political ambitions , while neglecting the cyclone victims . The government has been bitterly criticized for being too slow in responding to the May 2 disaster , then blocking large-scale , international emergency aid . The government has relented somewhat in the past few days . The official death toll from Cyclone Nargis rose Thursday , with Myanmar state television reporting more than 40,000 fatalities . Many believe the toll will be much higher . Watch scenes of widespread destruction " Referring to Myanmar 's 75-year-old top leader , Than Shwe , Zarni complained , "  His major number one concern is his own personal and family security , and also other officers who are caught in a system where fear and rewards are manipulated to whip them in line . " The government 's response to the cyclone is complex , and has "  psychological , institutional and personal dimensions , " which have produced an "  institutionalized madness , " Zarni said . The Irrawaddy newspaper , which covers Myanmar and Southeast Asia , said a team of ASEAN experts would arrive in Yangon on Thursday to assess the scale of the disaster and requirements for aid . ASEAN Secretary-General Surin Pitsuwan said Wednesday that the Myanmar government had agreed to grant visas to an "  emergency rapid assessment team . " The Myanmar government also agreed to accept 160 relief workers from India , China , Bangladesh and Thailand , the newspaper said .	Founder of dissident group : China , India need to be more persuasive with junta Maung Zarni questions usefulness of ASEAN regional group over disaster Activist criticizes Myanmar junta for not doing more to help victims
The mayor of Bolivia 's largest city is in trouble for groping a journalist at a public event last week . In a video that 's gone viral , Santa Cruz Mayor Percy Fernandez is seen placing his hand on the thigh of journalist Mercedes Guzman April 30 . The UNO network journalist is first seen on the video greeting the mayor in the traditional Latin-American style , with a kiss on the cheek . When she sits down in her assigned seat next to him , Fernandez , 75 , puts his hand on her leg . For a brief moment , there 's a bit of a struggle as the journalist tries to get the mayor 's hand off her thigh . The video was aired by Gigavision , a Bolivian TV network . It 's not the first time Fernandez 's advances have been seen on video . In 2012 he was caught on camera -- also at a public event -- touching city council President Desireé Bravo 's bottom twice . Lupe Cajías , president of the La Paz Association of Journalists , denounced the latest incident and strongly criticized the mayor . "  On one hand , I think it reflects the arrogance of power ; and on the other hand , a lack of control of  the mayor 's  own actions . The two things are probably related . If you think there 's no boundaries because you 're above good and evil , then you can grab a journalist 's leg or talk with double-meaning in front of the camera without shame , " Cajías said . After a public outcry and complaints by Guzman 's family , the mayor 's office sent a video to Santa Cruz media in which Fernandez apologizes for the incident . "  I 'm worried that I might 've disrespected you while you were performing your duties . I apologize again to you and your dignified family , " Fernandez says on the video . Mario Espíndola , the journalist 's husband , accepted the apology but said Fernandez 's behavior is going well beyond just unpleasant and embarrassing moments . "  We all obviously want Percy Fernandez to stop doing that because ultimately him , as mayor , is the one who loses the most , " Espíndola said . But some say the apology was not enough , that it was forced and insincere . Opposition lawmaker Marcela Revollo filed a complaint accusing Fernandez of sexual harassment , sexual violence and discrimination . "  We consider this an expression of violence against all Bolivian women , considering that the mayor 's actions have happened before , " Revollo said after filing the complaint . It 's not yet known if prosecutors will call Fernandez to answer to the charges . Fernandez is one of the country 's most popular mayors . First elected in 2010 to represent the city of 1.5 million people , he 's expected to run for another five-year term in 2015 . Pagina Siete , a Bolivian newspaper , published a survey Monday showing that the Santa Cruz leader is at the top of a list of popular mayors in Bolivia . In February , President Evo Morales called Fernandez "  the best mayor in Bolivia " and appeared with him at a public event . There has been no reaction from the president 's office regarding the latest incident and no indication of whether the president still endorses the embattled mayor .	Santa Cruz mayor has been seen making similar advances on video before Percy Fernandez , 75 , apologized to journalist he 's seen groping A lawmaker has filed a sexual harassment claim against the mayor
Washington  CNN  -- As Gov. Chris Christie continues to fend off accusations of corruption in New Jersey , another Republican with possible designs on the White House , Marco Rubio , spent last week 7,000 miles away from the controversy , burnishing his foreign policy resume with a three-country trip through Asia . The Florida senator made a busy , weeklong visit to the Philippines , Japan and South Korea -- a trip that brought him face to face with top officials from all three countries , the boxer Manny Pacquiao and a pair of DMZ-stationed North Korean soldiers , who took pictures of the man who one day may sit in the White House . The ranking member of the Senate Foreign Relations East Asian and Pacific Affairs Subcommittee , Rubio was making his first jaunt to Asia , a region he called the next big flash point in global affairs . "  All of the emerging major issues of the 21st century over the next 50 years are going to be in Asia , given the population growth , and given the instability that you see in North Korea , given the rise of China , " Rubio told CNN in a weekend phone interview from Seoul , South Korea . The three countries he visited "  want us here , " Rubio said . "  And not just engaged militarily , but they want us engaged economically , culturally . They are comfortable with us . They 've built these longstanding alliances that they want to build on and improve . " Rubio : Culture keeps U.S.-UK bond strong Rubio affirmed the importance of America 's economic and military interests in Asia and expressed support for the so-called "  rebalance " -- the Obama administration 's effort to re-engage with Asia by forging deeper alliances with friendly nations and pursuing a stable relationship with China . "  In fairness , I think they 're doing a lot of the things we need to be doing , " he said . But America 's relationship with its allies in the region must evolve , he said , in the face of China 's ever-growing economic might and the "  destabilizing " threat of a volatile North Korea . "  Our military capacity here has to be adjusted to a new threat , " Rubio said of the roughly 30,000 American military personnel stationed in South Korea . "  Much of our military standing here is still and was very largely based on the ability to slow down an invasion from the North long enough until reserves and supplements could get here , " he said . "  And that still remains a threat to some extent . But the bigger threat now is that they 've developed long-range missile capabilities , long-range artillery , anti-access , anti-ship weaponry , these are the sort of things . These are a different type of threat that now requires us to reposition a different kind of technology and capacity to the region . " Marco Rubio blasts Obama administration , pushes American leadership abroad Rubio said simmering tensions between Japan and China , inflamed by recent Chinese efforts to expand its military influence in the East China Sea , are very real -- and shared by leaders in the Philippines . "  The takeaway , if you go to Japan or the Philippines , the takeaway is that China is trying to become dominant , that China is driving the U.S. out , " Rubio said . "  All of this weighs heavily on the minds of nations in this region , particularly the Philippines and Japan . There is a growing insecurity about some of the claims that China is making with regards to what is in their territory . " The South Korean outlook on China is more nuanced , he said . South Korea 's economy depends heavily on exports , and China is far and away the biggest market for its goods . The United States should have a similar approach to the Asian superpower , he said , as long as those economic interests are balanced with a robust military presence in the region to protect America 's allies . "  I 've never accepted the idea that we wanted to contain China , " Rubio said . "  We welcome a China that 's richer and more prosperous , because that 's a potential trading partner , customers for our products and services . What we do n't want to see is a China that uses its newfound power to dominate their neighbors . " Rubio was accompanied on his Pacific tour by two close aides from Washington : his chief of staff Cesar Conda , whose family hails from the Philippines , and his foreign policy adviser Jamie Fly , a veteran of George W. Bush 's administration and the former executive director of the Foreign Policy Initiative , a neoconservative think tank . His aides tweeted out a cascade of pictures of Rubio meeting with top elected and diplomatic officials , Philippine President Benigno Aquino III , South Korean President Park Geun-hye and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe among them . Rubio also consulted with two officials whose fame extends far beyond political circles : Manny Pacquiao , a member of the Philippine Congress when he is n't wearing boxing gloves , and Caroline Kennedy , the U.S. ambassador to Japan . "  She 's very highly regarded in Japan , " he said of Kennedy . "  She seems to be enjoying the job tremendously . I 've got nothing but positive reviews about her . " In a Friday speech to the Asan Institute for Policy Studies in Seoul , Rubio said American engagement in Asia is crucial to U.S. national security and economic vitality . He chided , ever so gently , unnamed members of Congress who are "  increasingly skeptical about why America needs to remain so active in international affairs . " Asked if the comment was a reference to libertarian-leaning Republicans -- among them Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky , a potential rival for the 2016 GOP nomination -- Rubio said it was not . "  There 's a general debate in our country , " he said . "  It 's understandable . Americans have gone through two bloody , costly , overseas engagements in wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , one of which is still going on . Americans have paid a tremendous price to fight the war on terrorism , and it 's understandable that they 're weary of overseas engagements . " "  But so much of what is going on in our everyday lives is directly impacted by things that are happening halfway around the world , " Rubio told CNN . "  And that even if we chose to ignore the world , the world 's problems are not going to ignore us . So I think it 's critically important that we continue to invest in foreign policy and foreign diplomacy and in military capacity , because they are as relevant today as they have ever been . "	Potential 2016 presidential contender Sen. Marco Rubio tours Asian nations His trip to the region helps boost his foreign policy credentials Rubio affirmed the importance of America 's economic and military interests in Asia
CNN  -- Mixed martial arts organization UFC has suspended fighter Matt Mitrione indefinitely for comments made in an interview Monday night about transgender MMA fighter Fallon Fox . Born a man , Fox became a woman through surgery and then trained to fight in mixed martial arts , a story that she revealed earlier to Sports Illustrated . One of Fox 's recent female competitors criticized her for not disclosing that she had had a sex change operation before fighting . Fox , who disclosed the operation after the match , won . Mitrione , a former NFL player , appeared Monday on a show called "  The MMA Hour . " He said : "  I have not seen a man beat a woman like that since Chris Brown beat Rihanna . " "  That is a lying , sick , sociopathic , disgusting freak , " Mitrione said . "  And I mean that . Because you lied on your license to beat up women . That 's disgusting . You should be embarrassed yourself . " Fox is the first MMA competitor to go on record about being transgender . "  The reaction has been positive , " the 37-year-old said in a March CNN story . "  It 's just some people , some of society does n't get it yet . And this is what we 're trying to do now , is to inform people and let them know about transgender athletes . " UFC , or Ultimate Fighting Championship , a mixed martial arts promotion group , released a statement about Mitrione 's comments . "  The UFC was appalled by the transphobic comments made by heavyweight Matt Mitrione today  Monday  in an interview on the ` MMA Hour , ' " the release said . "  The organization finds Mr. Mitrione 's comments offensive and wholly unacceptable and -- as a direct result of this significant breach of the UFC 's code of conduct -- Mr. Mitrione 's UFC contract has been suspended and the incident is being investigated . "  The UFC is a friend and ally of the LGBT community , and expects and requires all 450 of its athletes to treat others with dignity and respect . " CNN 's Justin Lear contributed to this report .	Matt Mitrione 's suspension is indefinite , Ultimate Fighting Championship group says Mitrione , a former NFL player , appeared Monday on a show called "  The MMA Hour " He criticized fighter Fallon Fox : "  You lied on your license to beat up women " UFC says it "  finds Mr. Mitrione 's comments offensive and wholly unacceptable "
CNN  -- Big banks have found few political friends in recent years . Excoriated by President Barack Obama and progressive Democrats like Elizabeth Warren for their "  greedy " policies , rejected by Tea Party conservatives for being too cozy with Washington , and even seemingly scolded by Pope Francis in his Evangelii Gaudium last month , it 's almost as if Wall Street has been sent to the woodshed . And after the 2012 presidential election , it 's not hard to understand why no one wants to appear too comfortable with the "  plutocracy . " Many have argued that Mitt Romney 's Bain Capital pedigree and his comments at the Boca Raton , Florida , home of private equity manager Marc Leder about the "  47 % " helped tank his campaign . Fate sealed : Romney-the-plutocrat was cooked . But perhaps the big banks have found an unlikely new ally : Hillary Clinton . An article in Politico Magazine this week , one that elicited little response from Democrats , recounted Clinton 's recent remarks to Goldman Sachs executives and a few hundred major investors , seemingly to reassure them that she did n't think the banks were all bad . According to the story  ironically headlined , "  Lament of the Plutocrats "  : " ... Clinton offered a message that the collected plutocrats found reassuring , according to accounts offered by several attendees , declaring that the banker-bashing so popular within both political parties was unproductive and indeed foolish . Striking a soothing note on the global financial crisis , she told the audience , in effect : We all got into this mess together , and we 're all going to have to work together to get out of it . What the bankers heard her to say was just what they would hope for from a prospective presidential candidate : Beating up the finance industry is n't going to improve the economy -- it needs to stop . And indeed Goldman 's Tim O'Neill , who heads the bank 's asset management business , introduced Clinton by saying how courageous she was for speaking at the bank .  Brave , perhaps , but also well-compensated : Clinton 's minimum fee for paid remarks is $ 200,000  . " It 's hard to imagine how this will square with Obama 's renewed progressive , middle-class agenda for Democrats . According to the White House , raising the minimum wage and lessening income inequality will be major parts of Obama 's 2014 domestic plan -- as well as his State of the Union address and budget . More problematic is how Hillary Clinton 's bighearted rhetoric toward Wall Street will accord with Democrats generally . You do n't have to go to Elizabeth Warren in Massachusetts or Bill de Blasio in Manhattan ; it is n't hard to find a Democrat , be they union machinist , single mom , or Wal-Mart cashier , who wants to punish the banks and weaken their influence in politics and everything else we do . Hardest of all to figure is how this will square with Clinton herself . Since leaving the State Department , she 's made concerted  and some would argue necessary  efforts at rebranding herself as more progressive , speaking on voting rights , women 's issues , and gay rights . In a recent New Republic piece by Noam Scheiber titled "  Hillary 's Nightmare ? A Democratic Party that Realizes its Soul Lies with Elizabeth Warren , " the writer describes Clinton 's hard left turn this way : "  she recently used the word ` progressive ' so many times in a single speech it was tempting to describe her condition as ` severe . ' " Indeed , is Clinton in danger of becoming the next Mitt Romney ? Heir  ess  to the throne , the natural front-runner , but out of touch with "  the little people , " stuck in the rhetoric -- and passÃ © politicking -- of the 1990s ? I talked to several Democratic strategists who were incredulous that Clinton cozied up to the bankers , and wondered how long it would take for progressive groups -- or Republicans -- to jump on it . Her bizarre tryst with Goldman and friends , and her nurturing message to them , does n't only put her to the right of progressive superstars like Warren and DeBlasio -- and to the right of Obama , and to the right of most Democratic voters -- but also to the right of many anti-bank , populist conservatives . That 's tough -- and odd -- territory for Hillary Clinton to stake out in the run-up to a presidential election . But will Democrats hold her accountable ? Or will she get a pass because she 's  sigh  Hillary ? Elizabeth Warren , where are you ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of S.E. Cupp .	S.E. Cupp : Hillary Clinton met with Goldman execs , investors , brought reassuring message She says that 's at odds with progressive stance of Warren , Obama . How will it play to left ? She says Clinton courting progressives too ; may have trouble reconciling two camps Cupp : Clinton could end up like Romney : out of touch wih ` little people , ' mouthing 90s rhetoric
New York  CNN  -- A 29-year-old motorcyclist has been charged with gang assault and other charges in connection with the beating of an SUV driver in a high-profile case caught on video last week , a law enforcement source told CNN on Monday . Craig Wright "  hit  driver Alexian  Lien numerous times with his fists , feet , and helmet after forcibly removing Lien from his SUV , " the source added . He is the latest person to be charged in the case that involved a group of motorcyclists on Manhattan 's West Side Highway and Lien , who was driving a Range Rover along with his wife and small child . Wright , who was arrested at his home in Brooklyn , also was charged with assault and unlawful imprisonment and was to be arraigned Monday night . He is also seen on a video punching through the window of the SUV , the source said . The video was taken with an iPad by someone who was at the scene of the attack . The source did n't say whether the person who shot the video was a biker or a bystander . The source said Wright 's license tag was visible in the video -- which has n't been released to the media -- and his uncle identified him for authorities . In March , Wright pleaded guilty to driving with a suspended license , a spokesman for the Brooklyn district attorney 's office said . It is unclear whether he was driving with a suspended license at the time of the SUV incident . He was also convicted in Virginia in 2005 for reckless driving . One of the other bikers has been charged with the felonies of first-degree assault and gang assault . The lawyer for Reginald Chance , who was captured on video smashing his shiny helmet into an SUV window , concedes his client "  overreacted , " but claims his client did not take part in beating the driver . One video , taken from a rider 's helmet camera , shows bikers -- apparently angered when Lien 's SUV collided with a biker who slowed abruptly -- pursuing the vehicle until they could surround it and beat on the windows . Other photos show Lien beaten bloody and lying on the pavement . New York police : Bikers stomped on SUV driver Defense lawyer Gregory Watts said it 's "  a given " that Chance hit the SUV 's window with his helmet . But he said Chance then walked away . He claimed Chance was knocked off his motorcycle by Lien 's SUV after bikers had surrounded the vehicle earlier . "  The law does permit someone who is a victim of an accident to at least attempt to get the identification of the motorist , " Watts said . "  My client obviously overreacted in that manner , but he is not this thug assaulting someone who 's harmless , contrary to the public opinion that 's being put out there . " Police said Chance 's license was suspended in June for six months . Defenders of the bikers , including the relatives of one biker who was critically injured , have criticized Lien for driving through the crowd of motorcycles . Investigation involves off-duty cops At least two off-duty undercover police officers who were riding with the motorcyclists that day are being questioned by internal affairs , a law enforcement official told CNN . One of the officers reportedly told internal affairs investigators he did n't come forward for four days because he was reportedly afraid his cover would be blown . The officer has been assigned to desk duty . He has hired a lawyer , sources told CNN . The officer was riding with his motorcycle club when the incident occurred and saw much of the confrontation , a law enforcement source told CNN on Friday . Off-duty police officer among bikers who saw SUV driver beaten A bump on a tire Lien , with his wife and their 2-year-old daughter , was driving his Range Rover back from a wedding anniversary celebration . The helmet video seized by police shows dozens of bikers swarming past him on Manhattan 's West Side Highway . One motorcycle quickly slowed down in front of Lien , who bumped its rear tire , slightly injuring rider Christopher Cruz . Lien pulled to a stop , and angry bikers surrounded his vehicle , hitting it and spiking its tires , police said . Lien stepped on the gas , plowing into three more bikers , including Edwin Mieses , whose wife says he is paralyzed . The video shows the Range Rover stopping again -- long enough for a biker to open the door -- and Lien then driving away until traffic forced him to the final stop . Police say the subsequent beating included kicks to Lien 's head and body as he lay on the highway . Injuries to SUV driver , biker Lien suffered two black eyes and cuts on his face and side , requiring stitches , a police detective 's criminal complaint said . His wife and daughter were unharmed . Mieses ' family , meanwhile , has said he was paralyzed and needs a ventilator to breathe in the hospital . They claim Mieses was trying to help Lien . Chance 's lawyer said prosecutors should conduct a grand jury investigation of Lien for hitting Mieses and Chance with the SUV . Criminal case Chance was ordered held on $ 75,000 bond Sunday . Assistant District Attorney Samantha Turino said Chance 's license had been suspended and he should not have been driving . She said Chance 's arrest record includes a marijuana charge in 2013 and attempted criminal possession of a weapon in 2006 . Christopher Cruz , 28 , who police say is the biker who slowed in front of Lien , was charged with reckless driving and other misdemeanors . He was released on bond . His lawyer , H. Benjamin Perez , said , "  He never tried to assault him in any way . And he does not know any of the other motorcyclists who were involved in this beating . " Another biker , Robert Sims , is accused of stomping on Lien . He surrendered on Friday on charges of attempted assault and gang assault . Opinion : In attack , can bikers get a fair shake ? CNN 's Steve Almasy wrote from Atlanta ; CNN 's Susan Candiotti , Chris Welch and Margaret Conley reported from New York ; CNN 's David Simpson , Tom Watkins and Greg Botelho reported from Atlanta .	Suspect charged with gang assault , unlawful imprisonment Police say video shows motorcyclist punched , kicked driver after dragging him from SUV Another biker 's attorney says his client walked away after bashing window Two undercover cops who were off-duty , riding with the motorcyclists , are being questioned
CNN  -- African leaders signed a U.N.-backed deal on Sunday meant to bring stability to the Democratic Republic of Congo . Government forces are battling the M23 rebel group in the eastern part of that country . "  It is my earnest hope that the framework will lead to an era of peace and stability for the peoples of the Democratic Republic of the Congo and the Great Lakes region , " U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said in a statement . Opinion : How Obama can end Congo conflict The agreement calls for cooperation among nations to "  preserve and protect the territorial sovereignty " of the Democratic Republic of Congo , he said . Ban praised the framework but stressed that it marks just the beginning of a "  comprehensive approach that will require sustained engagement . " The deal was signed in the Ethiopian capital of Addis Ababa by envoys of several African nations , including Uganda and Rwanda . Representatives from the rebel group were not involved . Ban said that a U.N. special envoy would be appointed to support the deal 's implementation . South African President Jacob Zuma said the agreement represents an opportunity . Opinion : Hope for an end to world 's deadliest war "  This framework in itself does not provide all the answers , it is an instrument that points the Government of the DRC , its immediate neighbors and the international community in a direction that will take this country out of the current morass , " Zuma said at the signing ceremony . The possible deployment of an intervention brigade of U.N. troops has been mentioned as a way of stabilizing the nation 's restive eastern region . The agreement had been expected to be signed last month , but was delayed because of what Ban described as "  procedural issues . " The M23 group was named for a peace deal of March 23 , 2009 , which it accuses the government of violating . The soldiers , mostly Tutsis , became part of the national army through that accord . However , they broke away from the Congolese army in April , complaining they were n't being promoted as promised and because of a lack of pay and poor conditions . Fighting between the M23 and the army has displaced close to a million people in North Kivu province and more than 300,000 in the southeastern province of Katanga , according to the United Nations . The unrest continues a cycle of misery in eastern Congo , a mineral-rich region at the epicenter of political and ethnic conflict involving its neighbors to the east , Uganda and Rwanda . The area has been embroiled in violence since 1994 , when Hutu forces crossed the border from Rwanda fearing reprisals after the genocide in that country . CNN 's Joseph Netto and Nana Karikari-apau contributed to this report .	NEW : U.N.-backed deal could get Democratic Republic of Congo out of "  current morass " Leaders from several African countries sign the deal It is meant to stabilize the nation 's restive eastern region Congo 's army is fighting the M23 rebel group
LONDON , England -- Croatia demolished England 's dreams of a place in the Euro 2008 finals with a dramatic 3-2 triumph at Wembley that sent Russia through as Group E runners-up . Croatia players celebrate their astonishing victory at Wembley which sent England crashing out . England coach Steve McClaren saw his selection gamble backfire in a big way when rookie goalkeeper Scott Carson handed Croatia a crucial early goal . And McClaren paid for the multi-million pound defeat with his job after England proved second best on the night in almost every department . McLaren sent on David Beckham for his 99th cap along with Jermaine Defoe at the start of the second half and they briefly featured in a revival that saw England draw level . At that point they were back on course for the finals with only a point required , but Croatia struck again -- and Russia confirmed their qualification with a slender 1-0 victory in Andorra . Dmitri Sychev scored the all-important goal just before the break to give Guus Hiddink 's side victory . But the Russians survived a missed penalty from Denis Kolodin and the late sending-off of Andrei Arshavin to secure their ticket to the Alps . There was an expectant atmosphere inside Wembley following the life-line thrown to England by Israel after their win over Russia on Saturday . But all that changed after eight minutes when a glaring error by 22-year-old keeper Scott Carson handed Croatia the lead on a pitch left partly waterlogged by a torrential pre-match downpour . Niko Kranjcar tried his luck on the unpredictable surface with a speculative 25-yard effort and Aston Villa 's Carson allowed the dipping drive to bounce in front of him and skid into the net . Carson was surprisingly thrown into the deep end by McClaren in place of regular keeper Paul Robinson having only made his debut in last Friday 's friendly international in Austria . The home fans were stunned by Carson 's howler but England tried to retaliate in a positive manner . Crouch set up a great chance Shaun Wright-Phillips but his angled drive from 10 yards was straight at keeper Stipe Pletikosa . The wasted opportunity was put into sharp focus after 14 minutes when another breakaway saw Ivica Olic double Croatia 's lead . Eduardo da Silva made a weaving run to the edge of the England box and the Arsenal player timed his pass to perfection as Olic beat the offside trap . He kept his cool and calmly rounded Carson before sidefooting the ball into the left-hand corner . McClaren sat shell-shocked in his dug-out as England looked to be throwing away the life-line handed to them by Israel after their win over Russia -- and they left the field at half-time to a chorus of boos . England 's plight became more desperate with the news that Russia were leading in Andorra and McClaren made a double substitution , bringing on Beckham and Defoe . Wright-Phillips and Gareth Barry were the men replaced . And Defoe was quickly into the thick of the action , earning England a penalty after 56 minutes when he had his shirt tugged by Simunic inside the box . Lampard kept his cool and sent Pletikosa the wrong way as he steered his spot kick into the left hand corner to spark an unlikely comeback . Croatia twice came close to regaining their two-goal advantage in the space of 60 seconds . First Bridge was relieved when his attempted clearance under pressure from Olic went over the head of Carson and clipped the top of the crossbar . Then Carson partially atoned for his earlier error with a fine save from point-blank range to keep out a header from Olic . England were again fortunate when Olic got the better of Bridge but this time Carson was able to cling on to his low drive away to his right . After 65 minutes , Wembley erupted when Crouch brought England back on level terms with his 14th goal for his country , superbly chesting down a superb cross from Beckham drilling past the keeper . A draw was enough to put England through , but back came Croatia to cruelly smash their dreams with a long-range third goal from substitute Mladen Petric after 77 minutes , which Carson got a hand to but failed to keep out . E-mail to a friend	England fail to make Euro 2008 finals after 3-2 loss to Croatia at Wembley Russia qualified as group runners-up after their slender 1-0 victory in Andorra England 's failure cost Steve McClaren his job as manager
CNN  -- There is a little good news for mothers in the United States . The U.S. has moved up six places -- from 31st to 25th -- in the annual Save The Children State of the World 's Mothers report . That puts the U.S. right between Belarus and the Czech Republic . Norway is No. 1 , just ahead of Iceland and Sweden . The report 's ranking of 165 nations factors in measures of education , health and economic status as well as the health and nutrition of children . "  There 's still an awful lot that we need to do , " said Carolyn Miles , the president of Save The Children . The U.S. has made strides with respect to better care for teen moms and also in electing more women to government positions , which the organization sees as an important measure of how society values women . But it has to do more , Miles and others stress . "  We valorize parenthood and in particular , motherhood , while at the same time we offer very few supports , " said Robin Simon , a professor of sociology at Wake Forest University . So while the U.S. recognizes mothers for their incredibly important role as the primary caregivers to children , it still has n't done enough to help raise the kids . It 's no secret : Raising a child is stressful and really expensive . A new mother needs a lot of help , Simon said , and other countries provide more government assistance than the United States does . "  Unlike other industrialized nations , we lack the kind of state-level protections and policies that would reduce some of that stress , " she said , speaking of "  family-friendly entitlement programs " like universal health care . Another place the United States could start improving is with maternity leave . Thanks to the 2-decade-old Family and Medical Leave Act , new mothers get 12 weeks of unpaid leave . In Canada , it 's 52 weeks , 50 of which are paid . Canada , by the way , is 19th in the rankings . Kirsten Swinth , a professor of history at Fordham University who is working on a book on the cultural history of the working American mother , said companies that do offer paid leave do so more for professional middle - and upper-ranked workers . "  That tends to leave lower-paid and less-skilled workers behind so there 's an inequality in the distribution of those benefits , " she said . The poor around the world are victims of growing inequality , the Save The Children report shows . The gap between the level of care and commitment to mothers and children in the top 10 nations -- all developed countries -- and the bottom 10 is growing , Miles said . Here 's a statistic that jumps right at you : In bottom-ranking Niger , almost every mother will lose at least one child in her lifetime . It is the opposite in Norway , where every birth is attended to by a health professional . Miles , a mother of three , said she has talked to women in the poorest countries who had no other person present at the birth of their children . She said her organization has been working hard for the past five years to make sure there are more health workers to attend to births in those countries . "  Forty percent of children that die under the age of 5 die in the first month , " she said . "  And the most dangerous day for a child is the day they are born . " The report is n't entirely deflating . There is good news from perennial last-place Afghanistan , which moved up one notch . It does n't look significant in the report 's black and white type , but it is , Miles said . "  It reflects some real progress in that country , " she said , pointing to the fact that there is a much higher rate of education for girls there . Education is one vital component in improving the lives of mothers , Swinth said . "  There 's very clear evidence for people who do this kind of work that when you provide women access to education , that when you provide them access to independent abilities to support themselves , and then when you provide them with health care , maternal and infant health go up in correspondence with each other , " she said . She said it happens in industrialized nations too where consistent , reliable programs for prenatal and maternal health care are provided . "  You can see a correlation for better outcomes for mothers and children , " she said . Some of the solutions do n't have to be hard , Miles said . "  We talk about the ` lifesaving six ' things in nutrition , and one of those is breast-feeding practices , " she said . And everyone needs to pitch in , she said . Certainly moms need to take the lead , but governments also need to establish friendly policies toward breast-feeding and companies need to welcome it . It 's one of the most important things that can save kids ' lives , along with providing clean water , Miles said . "  It has to be everyone saying , ` This does n't have to happen in our country . ' "	U.S. lands at No. 25 on the annual State of the World 's Mothers report U.S. has made strides with respect to better care for teen moms Lack of support from governmental and other programs pushes U.S. down
CNN  -- The gray wolf population in Wyoming has grown enough to be removed from the endangered species list and will stop receiving federal protection next month , the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service announced Friday . The decision means that gray wolf has recovered from near extinction throughout the Northern Rocky Mountains , which includes all of Idaho and Montana and parts of Washington , Oregon and Utah , officials said . The wolves in Wyoming wo n't be protected under the Endangered Species Act effective September 30 , when the packs will be managed by the state , federal officials said . "  The return of the wolf to the Northern Rocky Mountains is a major success story , and reflects the remarkable work of states , tribes , and our many partners to bring this iconic species back from the brink of extinction , " Fish and Wildlife Service Director Dan Ashe said in a statement . The Northern Rockies are home to at least 1,774 adult wolves and more than 109 breeding pairs , and the population has exceeded recovery goals for 10 consecutive years , officials said . The vast majority of Wyoming 's gray wolves live in the northwest section of the state , where the animals will be managed by state wardens as "  trophy game " year-round , federal officials said . Wyoming officials will regulate the timing , methods and numbers of gray wolves taken through regulated hunting . Wolves found to be preying on livestock also may be controlled , federal officials said . Environmental and wildlife groups took exception to the federal decision , saying the gray wolf has n't fully recovered . "  Today 's decision by the Fish and Wildlife Service allows Wyoming to return to the days of random wolf killing that led to the species ' endangerment in the first place , " said Sylvia Fallon , wildlife conservation director at the Natural Resources Defense Council . The environmental group Earthjustice said Congress last year gave hunters and trappers in Montana and Idaho the right to kill wolves that had been once protected , nullifying a court victory by the group that would have prevented the hunts . "  Wyoming 's open season on wolves in almost all of the state would allow aerial gunning of wolves and even killing wolf pups in their den , " Earthjustice attorney Jenny Harbine said . "  Wyoming law also allows unrestricted killing of wolves if they are found to be ` harassing ' livestock or domestic animals , even if wolves are intentionally baited into the conflict , " said Harbine . "  These policies could drive wolves back into local extinction . " Last December , Wyoming counted 328 wolves , including 48 packs and 27 breeding pairs , the Wyoming Game & Fish Department said . That figure included 224 wolves , 36 packs and 19 breeding pairs outside Yellowstone National Park , state officials said . In areas of Wyoming where wolves are designated as predatory , "  no state license is required to take a wolf , and there are no closed seasons or bag limits , " the state agency said . Hunters are required to report the kill to game wardens within 10 days and are n't required to present the skull or pelt , though state officials are encouraging them to do so for genetic monitoring . Wyoming wildlife chief Brian Nesvik said , "  We are taking a conservative approach to wolf hunting seasons during this time of transition from federal to state management . We need time to assume the important responsibilities of wolf population monitoring , sport harvest management and meeting Wyoming 's commitments to wolf conservation in our state . " Wyoming officials must ensure population levels of at least 150 wolves and 15 breeding pairs , and the federal wildlife service will monitor the species in Wyoming , Montana and Idaho for at least five years to ensure the animal 's recovery , officials said . The federal agency can put the gray wolf back on the endangered list if necessary , U.S. officials said . "  Our primary goal , and that of the states , is to ensure that gray wolf populations in the Northern Rocky Mountains remain healthy , giving future generations of Americans the chance to hear its howl echo across the area , " Ashe said . "  No one , least of all Idaho , Montana and Wyoming , wants to see wolves back on the endangered species list . But that 's what will happen if recovery targets are not sustained . " The gray wolf grows to 2.5 feet in height and up to 6 feet in length , weighing between 80 and 100 pounds . Its coat varies from black to white , and the animal is noted for its broad snout , round ears , and long , low howl .	Environmentalists decry decision as a "  return to the days of random wolf killing " Gray wolf makes a comeback in Wyoming and will be taken off endangered list Milestone means the animal has recovered throughout the Northern Rockies Americans can now " ` hear its howl echo across the area "
CNN  -- Some athletes respond to a proverbial kick up the backside , but Rory McIlroy seems to have found inspiration from the prick of a cactus thorn . The Northern Irishman canceled a humanitarian trip to Haiti to play in this week 's Texas Open , hoping to rediscover his form ahead of next week 's Masters . The two-time major winner added San Antonio to his Augusta buildup after registering just one top-10 finish since signing a lucrative deal with Nike in January which could be worth as much as $ 250 million , and losing the top ranking to Tiger Woods . While Thursday 's first-round 72 left him five strokes off the lead , McIlroy roared back with a five-under-par 67 that left him two off the halfway pace . The world No. 2 had a mixed opening few holes , and he dropped his second shot of Friday 's second round following a close encounter with a flower of the desert on the ninth fairway . "  I should n't have been there anyways , so I guess it was deserved , getting a -- whatever it was -- off the cactus , " McIlroy said on the PGA Tour website . The 23-year-old responded with a birdie at 11 , and three more at the last three holes to end the day tied for fifth and in sight of pacesetter Billy Horschel . "  I definitely feel like I made the right decision to come here , and even if I had n't been in this position and have been a few shots back I 'd still feel the same way , " McIlroy said . "  I have n't really been in contention this year . So it will be nice to get into the mix . " While his shotmaking has been erratic at times , McIlroy 's long game is in fine shape . He managed to get to the green in two at the par-five eighth and 18th -- the latter after a 325-yard tee shot -- though he missed eagle putts at both . "  I think that shows where my game is , " McIlroy said . "  Those two par-fives are probably the toughest to hit in two with how small the greens are . It shows that my ball-striking is there . If I can keep hitting shots like that into par-fives , I 'll be doing OK . " McIlroy tied for 45th at last week 's Houston Open , where Horschel was joint second behind D.A. Points . The American closed with two birdies to sign for a 68 and take a handy lead over compatriots Daniel Summerhays  69  and Charley Hoffman  67  as well as Australia 's Steven Bowditch  69  . Two-time major winner John Daly missed the halfway cut by one shot after following up his 76 with 70 , finishing birdie-bogey-birdie .	Rory McIlroy 's form improves after an encounter with a cactus at the Texas Open The former world No. 1 cards five-under 67 to be two shots off the lead He is hoping to improve his form ahead of next week 's Masters at Augusta American Billy Horschel leads PGA Tour event after finishing with two birdies
Johannesburg  CNN  -- South African Archbishop Desmond Tutu turned 80 on Friday , days after a spat with the government over a visa delay that forced the Dalai Lama to cancel a trip to the nation . Tutu celebrated Thursday by dancing with the Soweto Gospel Choir during a church celebration to mark his birthday . Music and laughter rang out in the cathedral during the event attended by Irish rocker Bono of U2 . The Dalai Lama had hoped to deliver birthday greetings personally but scrapped his planned visit after South Africa failed to issue him a visa in time . Instead , the Tibetan spiritual leader wished Tutu well in a webcast . "  Please take care , " the Dalai Lama said . "  I will pray both to god as well as Buddha for your long life and healthy body . " "  I am quite sad , " he said . "  And also this time , I was very much hoping to see Nelson Mandela ,  who is  now very old . Now I have doubt whether I will have the occasion to meet Nelson Mandela or not . " Mandela turned 93 this year . Tutu lashed out at his government Tuesday , saying it had forgotten what the nation stood for . "  When we used to apply for passports under the apartheid government , we never knew until the last moment what their decision was , " Tutu said at a news conference . "  Our government is worse than the apartheid government because at least you were expecting it from the apartheid government . The Dalai Lama had been invited to the country to receive a peace award and speak at various events , including a lecture in honor of Tutu 's birthday . Tutu and the Dalai Lama are recipients of the Nobel Peace Prize . South Africa denies the visa was linked to pressure from China , a major trade partner . The Dalai Lama fled Tibet in 1959 after a failed uprising against Chinese rule , and the nation pressures governments worldwide to deny him any legitimacy . Despite the setback , tributes came in early Friday for the man known fondly as "  the people 's priest " and hailed for his fight for human rights . In a birthday message , the U.S. Embassy in South Africa said he "  continues to provide a moral voice for the voiceless . " "  We congratulate Archbishop Desmond Tutu ... and join South Africa and the global community in honoring a man who is recognized for his fearlessness in speaking truth to power , " the embassy in Pretoria said in a statement . "  From his work against apartheid in South Africa , to his championing of democracy , freedom and human rights , and advocacy for those still living under the scourge of homophobia , racism or xenophobia , Archbishop Tutu has served as the vocal conscience of a generation . " This is not the first time the Dalai Lama has not been able to visit South Africa . Two years ago , South Africa refused the Tibetan spiritual leader a visa to attend an international peace conference , saying it was not in the country 's interest for him to attend . CNN 's Kim Norgaard contributed to this report .	NEW : The Dalai Lama wishes Tutu well and says he is sad about his canceled trip South African Archbishop Desmond Tutu turns 80 Dalai Lama scraps a planned visit to attend Tutu 's birthday after a visa delay Tutu says the government is acting worse than apartheid regime
CNN  -- The gun lobby is "  ginning up " fears the federal government will use the Newtown shooting tragedy , exactly one month ago , to seize Americans ' guns , President Barack Obama said Monday . At least part of the frenzy is little more than marketing , he implied . "  It 's certainly good for business , " the president said , responding to a question about a spike in weapons sales and applications for background checks after the massacre at Connecticut 's Sandy Hook Elementary School left 27 people dead , 20 of them children . "  Part of the challenge we confront is that even the slightest hint of some sensible , responsible legislation in this area fans this notion that somehow , ` Here it comes , everybody 's guns are going to be taken away , ' " Obama said . Read more : Newtown searches for answers a month later This week , the president is reviewing recommendations from a task force led by Vice President Joe Biden looking into ways to curb gun violence . Obama set up the group after December 's carnage in Newtown and demanded reform ideas by this month . Obama said he expects to have a fuller presentation later in the week "  to give people some specifics about what I think we need to do , " he told reporters Monday . While the final recommendations have not been made public , Biden has said he 's found widespread support for universal background checks and restrictions on the sale of high capacity magazines , which gun-control advocates believe contribute to more bloodshed at mass shootings . Obama said he backs such measures as well as renewing the Clinton-era assault weapons ban that expired in 2004 . Passing any legislation may not be easy : The influential National Rifle Association , among other gun rights groups , has vowed to fight any new gun restrictions -- like an assault weapon ban , which the group 's president David Keene predicted Sunday would n't make it through Congress -- tooth and nail . Yet , as he weighs options , Obama said politics is n't his first concern . "  My starting point is to focus on what makes sense , what works , what should we be doing to make sure our children are safe , " he told reporters . "  I think we can do that in a sensible way that comports with the Second Amendment . " ` This is about the safety of the public ' Gun control advocates , gun violence victims , the NRA , video game makers and others have met with the Biden-led task force , with their conversations ranging from the capacity of ammunition magazines to portrayals of violence in the media . The vice president met Monday with congressional Democrats , talks that are "  part of a larger outreach effort that will involve other members of Congress , " a source familiar with the meeting told CNN . In addition to new gun restrictions , the package proposed by Obama may include mental health provisions that could garner wider support . Some initiatives -- like how the government tracks how weapons fall into criminals ' hands -- could be accomplished by executive order , Obama said . Yet other measures would require approval of a Congress that , on many issues , has been hard-pressed to get anything accomplished -- even though the momentum to act in some way , be it by clamping down on guns or putting armed guards in schools , as the NRA has proposed -- is undeniable . Mark Kelly , a former Navy pilot and astronaut whose wife , then-Rep . Gabrielle Giffords , survived a 2011 mass shooting that left six dead , said he and his wife both own guns and support the Second Amendment . Yet the couple is adamant that more must be done to curb gun violence , touting measures like banning high-capacity magazines and having universal background checks , which Kelly said a vast majority of the NRA 's 4.2 million members support . Decisive action or imagery : Gun control and the power of political symbolism "  This is n't really about the Second Amendment , " said Kelly , who has formed a political action committee intent on pursuing reforms . "  This is about gun safety , and it 's about the safety of the public . " The retired Navy captain told CNN he believes the debate can produce "  common sense solutions to this very serious problem . " People around the country are demanding nothing less in the wake of the Newtown shooting , New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg said . He said Monday that more than 1 million people have signed a petition backed by his group , Mayors Against Illegal Guns . "  For many Americans , this is the straw that broke the camel 's back , " he said about the Connecticut school carnage . Polling appears to support the contention . Poll shows public dissatisfied with gun laws A new Gallup poll released Monday shows 38 % of Americans are dissatisfied with current gun laws and support stricter proposals . That is a 13 percentage point jump from a year ago . The shift is most marked among men . The poll revealed a 17 percent increase in support for stricter gun control laws among men , compared to 10 percentage points for women . That may be because polling has shown women already tend to be more supportive of gun control legislation . The increase spanned the partisan divide , but it was strongest with Democrats , 64 percent of whom said they favor additional regulations . That 's up 22 percentage points from last year , Gallup reported . Among Republicans , support rose by 12 percentage points , though that still only works out to 18 percent overall . The poll of 1,011 adults was conducted January 7-10 and has a sampling error of plus or minus four percentage points . Universal background check : What does it mean ? New gun violence proposal in Maryland Connecticut Gov. Dannel Malloy wrote Biden , and told CNN , that federal gun control action is imperative , noting there 's little to stop would-be criminals from taking advantage of relatively lax laws in one state and transporting guns around the country . While this view is widely shared among gun control supporters , that has n't stopped some of them from taking actions on the state level . Speaking at a Johns Hopkins University summit on reducing gun violence attended by Bloomberg , Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley said he will debut gun control proposals this week that would ban military style assault weapons and limit the size of magazines and introduce a "  common-sense licensing requirement for handguns that respects the traditions of hunters and sportsmen . " The proposals would also include mental health reforms , O'Malley said . Those include additional funds for treatment and efforts to detect and head off serious mental illness sooner . The plan also calls for investments in school safety , including a center to study ways to improve security at schools . He said the issue is n't a partisan one , but rather a public health issue , and said it "  makes no sense to blame every factor but guns . " "  There may be no way to completely prevent the next Newtown tragedy , " he said . "  But again , perhaps there is . " New York Senate passes new gun regulations In New York -- where a week ago , Democratic Gov. Andrew Cuomo spelled out tough new gun control proposals -- the state Senate passed a series of new gun regulations in a 43-18 vote Monday night . The bill now goes to the state Assembly . Cuomo called for an assault weapons ban , background checks for people who purchase guns in private transactions and a ban on high-capacity magazines . The tentative deal would include a statewide assault weapons registry and add a uniform licensing standard across the state -- altering the current system , in which each county or municipality sets a standard -- a state Senate source said Monday . Magazines could have no more than seven bullets under the would-be agreement , according to the source , among other provisions . Discussions had percolated about crafting a law , similar to one in California , that allows mental health professionals to inform law enforcement if they believe their patient could pose a threat to themselves or others , the source said . Law enforcement authorities may then revoke the patient 's license to carry a firearm and prevent them from having a gun for at least six months . One month since shooting Meanwhile , bitter memories of the tragedy that spurred such proposals remains raw , especially in western Connecticut . The one-month anniversary of the shooting went largely unmarked in any formal way , save for a moment of silence at a news conference held by a community group , "  Sandy Hook Promise , " formed after the killings to find a solution to gun violence . Nicole Hockley , whose son Dylan was among the children killed in the shooting , was among several parents who spoke . "  I still find myself reaching for Dylan 's hand to walk through a car parking lot , or expecting him to crawl into bed beside me for early morning cuddles before we get ready for school , " she said , her voice quavering . "  It is so hard to believe he is gone . " Others spoke of their resolve to ensure such violence ends . "  We refuse to be remembered only for our loss , " group co-founder Tom Bittman said . "  We want the Sandy Hook Elementary School shootings to be recalled as the turning point when we brought our community , and communities across the nation , together and set a real course for change . " Newtown opens eyes to other gun violence against young people CNN 's Josh Levs , Olivia Smith , Paul Steinhauser , Dan Lothian and Dana Bash contributed to this report .	NEW : New York 's Senate passes a bill on gun regulations ; the bill goes to the Assembly The gun lobby is stirring fears over plans to address gun violence plan , Obama says Some gun violence initiatives may not require legislative approval , others will The gun rights group NRA has vowed to fight gun restrictions tooth and nail
Washington  CNN  -- The United States has contacted authorities in Hong Kong to seek the extradition of Edward Snowden , the man who admitted leaking top-secret details about U.S. surveillance programs , a senior U.S. administration official said Saturday . Federal prosecutors charged Snowden with espionage and theft of government property , according to a criminal complaint unsealed in U.S. District Court in Virginia on Friday . The United States based the extradition request on the criminal complaint and a treaty between the United States and Hong Kong that covers the surrender of "  fugitive offenders " and their extradition . Washington already asked Hong Kong , where Snowden is believed to be in hiding , to detain the former National Security Agency contract analyst on a provisional arrest warrant , The Washington Post reported , citing unnamed U.S. officials . "  If Hong Kong does n't act soon , it will complicate our bilateral relations and raise questions about Hong Kong 's commitment to the rule of law , " the administration official said . The complaint charges Snowden with theft of government property , unauthorized communication of national defense information , and willful communication of classified communications intelligence to an unauthorized person . The latter two allegations amount to espionage under the federal Espionage Act . Snowden , 30 , has admitted in interviews he was the source behind the leaking of classified documents about the NSA 's surveillance programs . Those leaks were the basis of reports in Britain 's Guardian newspaper and The Washington Post this month . The Guardian revealed Snowden 's identify at his request . The documents revealed the existence of top-secret surveillance programs that collect records of domestic telephone calls in the United States and monitor the Internet activity of overseas residents . There is a question about whether the espionage charges will be considered political offenses . The U.S. agreement with Hong Kong makes an exception for political offenses , in which case the treaty would not apply to Snowden . Hong Kong Executive Council member Regina Ip said authorities can arrest Snowden if his actions qualify as a crime under Hong Kong law , China 's state-run Xinhua news agency reported early Sunday . But if his actions are deemed to be political charges , she told Xinhua , then Snowden will not be extradited . "  We will work under the framework of Hong Kong law , and wo n't allow any illegal or unfair judgment , " Hong Kong Secretary of Justice Rimsky Yuen told Xinhua . Prominent U.S. lawyer Alan Dershowitz , a professor at Harvard Law School , said the espionage charge complicates the case . "  I think it 's a dumb decision by the Justice Department to charge him with espionage , " Dershowitz told CNN . "  That 's a political crime under the extradition we have with Hong Kong . It gives Hong Kong an excuse to say we do n't have to extradite him . "  They should have indicted him only for theft and conversion of property . Then Hong Kong would have to comply with the extradition treaty and turn him over . " The revelation of the leaks rocked the Obama administration and U.S. intelligence community , raising questions about secret operations of the NSA and whether the agency was infringing on American civil liberties . Obama , top legislators and national security officials defend the surveillance programs as necessary to combat terrorism and argue that some privacy must be sacrificed in a balanced approach . They say the law allows collection of metadata , such as the time and numbers of phone calls , and that a special federal court must approve accessing the content -- listening to the call itself . In interviews earlier this month , Snowden said he fled with the classified documents after taking a leave of absence from his job as an intelligence analyst for NSA contractor Booz Allen Hamiliton . The company has since fired him . A series of blog posts this week purportedly by Snowden said he leaked classified details about U.S. surveillance programs because President Barack Obama worsened "  abusive " practices , instead of curtailing them as he promised as a candidate . However , Obama "  closed the door on investigating systemic violations of law , deepened and expanded several abusive programs , and refused to spend the political capital to end the kind of human rights violations like we see in Guantanamo , where men still sit without charge , " a blog post said . The Guardian newspaper and website identified the author as Snowden . Snowden said that he had to get out of the United States before the leaks were published by the Guardian and The Washington Post to avoid being targeted by the government . In an interview with the South China Morning Post , he said he plans to stay in Hong Kong to fight any attempt to force him to return to the United States because he has "  faith in Hong Kong 's rule of law . " The U.S. signed the extradition treaty with Hong Kong in 1996 , seven months before the British colony was handed back to China . Hong Kong 's extradition laws had previously been governed by the United States-United Kingdom extradition treaty . This new treaty established an agreement under what is known as "  one country , two systems " : Hong Kong has autonomy from Beijing in all matters apart from defense and foreign policy . Snowden told the South China Morning Post , in an interview published Sunday , that the U.S. government is hacking Chinese mobile phone companies to steal millions of text messages . The Guardian also reported Snowden 's latest claims . Last week , Snowden told the Post that U.S. intelligence agents have been hacking computer networks around the world , including in China , for years . Melissa Gray reported and wrote from Atlanta ; Dan Lothian reported from Washington . CNN 's Carol Cratty , Tom Dunlavey , Steve Brusk , and Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	NEW : Hong Kong authorities say they 'll examine the charges against Snowden U.S. contacts Hong Kong to seek Edward Snowden 's extradition Snowden has said he plan to fight any extradition attempt Snowden tells paper that U.S. government is hacking Chinese mobile phone firms
CNN  -- The Williams sisters continued their march towards more Olympic success with three victories between them in London on Monday . Fourth seed Serena romped into the third round of the women 's singles with a 6-2 6-3 win over Poland 's Ursula Radwanska , whose older sister Agnieszka she beat to win her fifth Wimbledon title earlier this month . The American will next face Russian 13th seed Vera Zvonareva , who knocked out 2010 French Open champion Francesca Schiavone . Zvonareva , the bronze medalist at Beijing four years ago , triumphed 6-3 6-3 . "  It was tough conditions , a little windy . I 'm glad I was able to pull through , " said Williams , who faces a possible quarterfinal against former world No. 1 Caroline Wozniacki or Slovakia 's Daniela Hantuchova as she seeks the only major title missing from her collection . Her older sibling Venus , who is in the same half of the draw , bounced back from her early exits at the French Open and Wimbledon by thrashing Roland Garros runnerup Sara Errani 6-3 6-1 in her delayed first-round match . "  Another gold medal would be amazing , " said the 32-year-old , who won the singles title in 2000 along with the doubles , which she and Serena won again in 2008 . "  I ca n't even imagine the feeling , I think my head would be too big and no one would even like me anymore . I 've got to get there first , I have two chances and I 'll go for it . " Venus will next play Canada 's Aleksandra Wozniak , who progressed into the second round by winning 6-2 6-1 against Marina Erakovic of New Zealand . If she wins that game , Williams will play either German seventh seed Angelique Kerber or Hungary 's Timea Babos for a place in the quarterfinals . That could mean a last-eight clash with world No. 1 Victoria Azarenka , who survived a second-set scare to beat 79th-ranked Romanian Irina-Camelia Begu 6-1 3-6 6-1 in her opening match on Centre Court . The Belorussian , who lost to Serena in the Wimbledon semifinals , will next face Maria Jose Martinez Sanchez of Spain . Serena and Venus also won their opening doubles match , beating Romania 's Sorana Cirstea and Simona Halep 6-3 6-2 to set up a clash with Kerber and Sabine Lisicki . Lisicki also moved into round two of the singles , coming from behind to beat Tunisian teen Ons Jabeur -- ranked 297th -- and securing a match against Kazakhstan 's Yaroslava Shvedova . The winner of that tie will likely face world No. 3 Maria Sharapova , who next plays Britain 's Laura Robson . Former world No. 1s Kim Clijsters and Ana Ivanovic will meet in round three , while Czech sixth seed Petra Kvitova -- whose Wimbledon defense was ended by Serena Williams in the quarterfinals -- will take on Italy 's Flavia Pennetta .	Serena and Venus Williams win their singles and doubles matches at the London Olympics at Wimbledon Americans could potentially meet in the singles semifinals of the grass-court tournament World No. 1 Victoria Azarenka wins her opening match and could play Venus in the quarterfinals Kim Clijsters , Ana Ivanovic and Petra Kvitova progress into round three of singles competition
CNN  -- It was announced a few hours before April Fool 's Day , but the appointment of one of the most controversial characters in European football is no laughing matter for one English Premier League soccer club . Sunderland 's American owner Ellis Short hopes Paolo Di Canio can keep the struggling team in the top flight , but his vice-chairman -- British MP David Miliband -- has already resigned his role in protest . "  In the light of the new manager 's past political statements , I think it right to step down , " the ex-foreign secretary said on his website following Sunday 's news that Di Canio will replace the sacked Martin O'Neill on a two-and-a-half-year contract . Miliband , who had intended to retain his role at Sunderland despite taking a new job with an international humanitarian organization based in New York which will see him give up his South Shields constituency , was referring to the Italian 's right-wing leanings . "  I am a fascist , not a racist , " Di Canio infamously told Italian news agency ANSA after making a straight-arm salute to the fans of his hometown club Lazio during a match against Rome rival Lazio in 2005 . He was later fined and suspended for one match by Italian football authorities after another so-called "  Roman salute " during a match against Livorno . A ex-member of Lazio 's notorious hardcore fan group the "  Irriducibili , " Di Canio admitted in his autobiography that he is "  fascinated " by Italy 's former dictator Benito Mussolini , who enacted anti-Semitic laws and oversaw the deporting of thousands of Italian Jews to concentration and death camps . Lazio has this season been charged four times with racist behavior by its fans . Di Canio 's politics seem to come in stark conflict with Sunderland 's recent attempts to establish itself in the African market . Saturday 's home match against Manchester United , a 1-0 defeat that proved to be O'Neill 's last in charge , marked the start of a collaboration with the foundation of Nelson Mandela . The former South African leader 's messages of peace and equality will be promoted for the next three years , Sunderland 's marketing director Mike Farnan told CNN on Friday . Miliband had a key role in the club 's African push , Farnan said . Di Canio is not a man who has a history of peace -- as a player he was banned for 11 matches for pushing over a referee while at English club Sheffield Wednesday in 1998 . His only previous managerial job , at English third division club Swindon , ended in February when the 44-year-old quit due to the club 's financial problems . His arrival at Swindon in May 2011 prompted one of the club 's main sponsors -- the GMB trade union -- to withdraw its backing due to his political views . Di Canio did lead Swindon out of England 's bottom division , and after he quit said he was ready for a top job in a country where he was widely recognized as one of the most talented players of his era during spells with West Ham and Sheffield Wednesday . "  Paolo is hugely enthused by the challenge that lies ahead of him , " Short said on Sunderland 's website . "  He is passionate , driven and raring to get started . "  The sole focus of everyone for the next seven games will be to ensure we gain enough points to maintain our top-flight status . I think that the chances of that are greatly increased with Paolo joining us . " Di Canio issued a statement through the club on Monday insisting that his personal politics had nothing to do with his job , and that past media reports had blown his comments out of proportion . "  I expressed an opinion in an interview many years ago . Some pieces were taken for media convenience . They took my expression in a very , very negative way -- but it was a long conversation and a long interview . It was not fair , " he said . "  Talk about racism ? That is absolutely stupid , stupid and ridiculous . The people who know me can change that idea quickly , " he added , saying that former teammates Trevor Sinclair and Chris Powell -- who are black -- were his best friends when he was playing in England . "  I do n't want to talk about politics because it 's not my area . We are not in the Houses of Parliament , we are in a football club . I want to talk about sport . I want to talk about football , my players , the board and the fans . " Sunderland CEO Margaret Byrne added that the club "  has a strong ethos and ethics and that has not changed in any shape or form . " "  Paolo is an honest man , a man of principle and a driven , determined and passionate individual . To accuse him now , as some have done , of being a racist or having fascist sympathies , is insulting not only to him but to the integrity of this football club , " she said . "  It is disappointing that some people are trying to turn the appointment of a head coach into a political circus . " Despite his controversies on and off the pitch , the charismatic Di Canio was popular with many fans of the clubs he played for . In 2001 he was given FIFA 's Fair Play Award for a "  special act of good sportsmanship " while playing for West Ham , when he picked the ball up and refused to score as an opposing goalkeeper lay injured . Having started his career with Lazio in 1985 , he went on to play for top Serie A clubs Juventus , Napoli and AC Milan before a successful season in Scotland with Celtic earned him a move to England .	Former British politician quits soccer club in protest at controversial appointment David Miliband leaves Sunderland after Paolo Di Canio is named as manager Italian is proud of his fascist beliefs and is an admirer of Benito Mussolini Di Canio 's views cost his former club Swindon a key sponsorship deal
CNN  -- President Barack Obama has nominated former Republican Sen. Chuck Hagel as his next defense secretary and anti-terrorism chief John Brennan as CIA director . Hagel 's nomination could be the most contentious of those Obama is making because of positions the former lawmaker took on Israel and Iran and his opposition to the troop surges in Iraq and Afghanistan . CNN 's John Berman on Tuesday spoke to Newsweek and Daily Beast special correspondent Peter Beinart about "  Why Hagel Matters , " the piece he wrote on Hagel 's nomination : CNN : Peter wrote what I think is  one of the  most ... interesting and compelling articles about the Hagel nomination , explaining it perhaps better than anyone I 've seen , including the president . The first paragraph of the piece , you write , it may prove the most consequential foreign policy appointment of his presidency because the struggle over Hagel is a struggle over whether Obama can change the terms of the foreign policy debate . Explain that for me . Peter Beinart : I think so far , the debate about military action in Iran has been conducted by and large in Washington , as if Iraq and Afghanistan did n't happen . As if we have n't learned anything from the disaster  of  these two wars over the last 10 years . I think the real struggle between Hagel and his foes is he wants to bring some of the lessons in to the Iran debate that we learned about  Iraq  and Afghanistan . He talks very compellingly about the fact wars once launched ca n't be fully controlled . He is very cognizant of the enormous financial cost that these wars have imposed on the United States , and I think the heart of the hostility is the fear that his recognition about what happened in Afghanistan and Iraq will make taking us to war in Iran harder . Hagel vows to fight ` distortions ' CNN : You suggest there are no consequences for the Iraq War in terms of those who supported or imposed it . Beinart : What I said if you listen to Republican foreign policy discourse , with the exception of a few people like Chuck Hagel , you would think the Iraq War had been a great success . Because all of the same people who said it was a great success are defining in large measure the debate over war on Iran , pushing the United States closer , and I think Hagel is a  messenger for  ... the president to say , "  Hold on a second here . "  I am going to set the bar for war higher than George W. Bush , and I do n't think this is a simple and easy thing . " CNN : Why does Obama need that ? Obama opposed the war in Iraq for longer than Chuck Hagel . Hagel voted for the invasion . Beinart : Yes , that 's right . Chuck Hagel did . But ...  he was  one of the few Republican senators who , after the war started , he began to rethink his view of the world . It 's not only about Iran . I think the other big thing about the Hagel nomination is that Obama wants someone to bring the Defense Department back into balance with America 's financial resources . CNN : Is this a smaller foreign policy ? A smaller defense policy ? Beinart : I think it is . The dominant Republican way to talk about the defense budget is to completely separate it , wall it off from all considerations about the national debt . Chuck Hagel does n't see it that way . He 's a lot like Dwight Eisenhower , who people forget drove the defense budget down quite dramatically because he believed America 's real power was its fiscal health , its economic health . White House officials reach out to Jewish community to answer Hagel concerns CNN : A lot of fire around Hagel 's nomination has to do with Israel and Hagel 's support and the lack of support as the case may be for Israel .  Here 's  ... what Sen. John Cornyn of Texas said about Hagel , "  Comments he 's made about the so-called Jewish lobby , which seems to denigrate the efforts of pro-Israel individuals , myself included , who view that relationship as a special relationship , one that 's important to our national security and stability in the region . " Hagel suggests he misspoke or should n't have used those words . But is this a real problem for him ? Beinart : No , I think this is really a smoke screen . If Chuck Hagel had the same views on Iran and defense spending as John McCain , no one would even be talking about these comments . I think it 's really a sideshow . One of the most important Jewish leaders , Malcolm Hoenlein , used the same phrase -- "  Jewish lobby " -- just last December . Yes , it would be more accurate to call it , I think , the kind of right-wing , pro-Israel lobby . But the truth is many of the people in the pro-Israel lobby are , in fact , Jewish , as is myself . One of the groups is the American Jewish Committee . So to suggest this is in any way anti-Semitic , when many , many Jews , including a rabbi from Omaha , has testified to  Hagel 's  good relationship with  the  Jewish community I think is character assassination , to be honest . Opinion : GOP , do n't fight Hagel nomination	Chuck Hagel 's nomination could be most contentious of President Obama 's second term Columnist : Hagel nomination is Obama 's attempt to change terms of foreign policy debate Republican Hagel initially supported war in Iraq but later became an opponent Beinart calls opposition over Hagel 's past comments about Israel a "  smoke screen "
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A judge in Niagara Falls , New York , has apologized for jailing nearly four dozen people over a ringing mobile phone in his courtroom , his attorney said Wednesday . In removing City Court Judge Robert Restaino from office Tuesday , the state Commission on Judicial Conduct called his decision to lock up 46 people after no one claimed ownership of the phone "  a gross deviation from the proper role of a judge . " But Restaino 's lawyer , Terrence Connors , said Wednesday the judge "  profoundly apologizes for his actions " during the March 2005 hearing and will appeal the panel 's ruling . "  It is our hope that the Court of Appeals will measure those few hours against a decade of exemplary conduct on the bench , " Connors said in a written statement . But the commission found Restaino 's conduct so egregious that his 11 years of service and clean record did not matter . "  We conclude that respondent 's behavior ... warrants the sanction of removal , notwithstanding his previously unblemished record on the bench and the testimony as to his character and reputation , " the panel ruled . According to the commission report , Restaino was presiding over a domestic-violence case when a ringing mobile phone interrupted proceedings . When no one took responsibility for the ringing phone , Restaino ordered that court security officers search for the device . About 70 defendants were in the courtroom that day to take part in a monitoring program for domestic violence offenders . When no one admitted to owning the phone , Restaino heard the remaining cases and then recalled the cases of defendants who had already been released to question them about the phone , according to the commission report . After all the defendants denied having the phone or knowing who it belonged to , Restaino sent 46 people to jail . Fourteen who were unable to make bail were handcuffed and jailed for several hours . According to the report , Restaino decided to release defendants only after learning reporters were inquiring about their incarceration . E-mail to a friend	Judge sent 46 people to jail after cell phone rang in courtroom New York legal commission removes him from office Through his attorney , judge apologizes for overreacting
In a global economy , the benchmark for educational success is no longer improvement by national standards alone , but the best performing school systems internationally . Results from the latest PISA assessment , the world 's metric for evaluating learning outcomes at school , show amazing changes in the composition of the global talent pool . Shanghai , already the top-performing education system in 2009 , has extended its lead in students ' math performance over the next highest performer , Singapore , to the equivalent of a full school year . And that was at a time when Singapore , too , saw rapid progress . Other East Asian systems , including Chinese Taipei and Japan , also saw improved student learning outcomes . PISA -- the Programme for International Student Assessment -- was conducted in 2012 , a year when many of the 65 participating countries were grappling with the aftermath of an economic crisis that has brought home the urgency of equipping more people with better skills to collaborate , compete and connect in ways that drive economies forward . Some contend that Shanghai 's success in PISA just reflects rote learning and immense drilling for tests . But the most impressive performance of Shanghai 's students is actually not on the tasks that ask them to simply reproduce what they have learned , but on tasks where they need to extrapolate from what they know and apply their knowledge creatively in novel situations . Data on other Chinese provinces and cities is not yet published by PISA because not enough regions take part in the tests to be considered representative . However , China as a whole is expected to be included in the 2015 assessment . Google knows everything Consider this : Only 2 % of American students can conceptualize , generalize and use advanced math in creative ways , which is what the highest performance level in PISA requires . In Shanghai it is over 30 % . Shanghai has understood that the world economy will pay an ever-rising premium on excellence , and that today 's economy no longer rewards people simply for what they know -- Google already knows everything -- but for what they can do with what they know . Others have explained Shanghai 's high performance with the exclusion of disadvantaged internal immigrants from the comparisons . But immigrants have always been part of Shanghai 's PISA tests and most East Asian school systems excel precisely because they are capable to leverage the academic potential of disadvantaged students much better than many Western nations do , and because they are able to break the downward spiral between disadvantage , lower performance and lower levels of student engagement . Making the grade in China : Grueling college exams They have devised powerful strategies to attract the most talented teachers to the most challenging classrooms and to get the strongest principals into the toughest schools . While the American dream of social mobility is becoming a distant memory for the next generation of American students , it is just emerging as a new reality in East Asia . Obviously , one ca n't copy and paste school systems wholesale . But PISA has revealed a surprising number of features which the world 's most successful school systems share and from which others can learn . For a start , leaders in the East Asian education systems have convinced their citizens to make choices that value education , their future , more than consumption today . But placing a high value on education is just part of their equation . Hard work vs. talent Another part is the belief in the possibilities for all children to achieve . In Japan , for example , students not only believe they are in control of their ability to succeed , but they are prepared to do what it takes to do so : 84 % of students said they wo n't put off difficult problems , in the U.S. only half did so . The fact that students in most Asian countries consistently believe that achievement is mainly a product of hard work , rather than inherited intelligence , suggests that education and its social context can make a difference in instilling values that foster success in education . In the past different students were taught in similar ways . Shanghai embraces diversity with differentiated instructional practices , its teachers have high expectations for every student and realize that ordinary students have extraordinary talents . They also share clear and ambitious standards across the board . Everyone knows what is required to get a given qualification . Teachers matter And nowhere does the quality of a school system exceed the quality of its teachers . The East Asian school systems all pay great attention to how they select and train their staff . And when deciding where to invest , they prioritize the quality of teachers over the size of classes . Not least , they provide intelligent pathways for teachers to grow in their careers . High performers have also moved on from bureaucratic control and accountability to professional forms of work organization . They support their teachers to make innovations in pedagogy , to improve their own performance and that of their colleagues , and to pursue professional development that leads to stronger educational practice . The goal of the past was standardization and compliance , top performers enable teachers to be inventive . In the past , the policy focus was on the provision of education , in top school systems it 's on outcomes , shifting from looking upwards in the bureaucracy towards looking outwards to the next teacher , the next school , about creating networks of innovation . You can see that nowhere better than in Finland and Japan . The most impressive outcome of world class school systems is perhaps that they deliver high quality across the entire school system so that every student benefits from excellent learning . And they align policies and practices effectively across all aspects of the system , they make them coherent over sustained periods of time , and they see that they are consistently implemented . You can see that nowhere better than in Singapore Room for improvement And yet , there are areas where Shanghai , too , has room for improvement . Intrinsic motivation is often low , for example , only 36 % of students in Shanghai say they like to solve complex problems . Just 75 % say that school has taught them things which could be useful in a job , compared with an OECD average of 87 % . There are also indications that Shanghai 's schools can improve the social climate for learning : Just two-thirds of Shanghai 's 15-year-olds feel they belong at school . On average across OECD countries it is over 80 % , and in some countries over 90 % . Not least , just 77 % of students in Shanghai say that other students like them , compared with an average of 90 % . The challenges are tough and the status quo has many protectors . But global comparisons like PISA remind us of what is possible in education . And they help us to set meaningful targets in terms of measurable goals achieved by the world 's educational leaders . The world has become indifferent to tradition and past reputations , unforgiving of frailty and ignorant of custom or practice . Success will go to those individuals , institutions and countries which are swift to adapt , slow to complain and open to change . And the task for governments is to ensure that their citizens and education systems rise to this challenge .	Shanghai and other East Asian education systems top OECD 's international ranking Success of East Asia 's schools not about rote learning and drilling for tests , says Andreas Schleicher They excel because they leverage academic potential of disadvantaged students better than West A focus on hard work rather than talent and allowing teachers to be inventive also key
CNN  -- Bosnia 's constitution violates European human rights law by banning Jews , Roma and other ethnic minorities from running for president or the upper chamber of Parliament , the European Court of Human Rights ruled . Two prominent citizens of Bosnia and Herzegovina -- one Jewish , the other Roma , or Gypsy -- took the former Yugoslav republic to Europe 's highest court over the provision . Jakob Finci and Dervo Sejdic "  complained that ... they were prevented by the Constitution ... and the corresponding provisions of the Election Act 2001 , from being candidates for the presidency and the House of Peoples of the Parliamentary Assembly solely on the ground of their ethnic origins , " the court said in its ruling . That "  amounts to discrimination and breaches their electoral rights , " the court said . A 17-judge panel found in the citizens ' favor by a vote of 16-1 on the law banning them from running for president , and 14-3 on the one keeping them from becoming members of the House of Peoples . A human rights group that worked on the case welcomed the verdict . "  By forbidding whole communities the right to participate fully in the country 's political process , Bosnia 's constitution and electoral law violate fundamental human rights standards , " said Lucy Claridge , the head of law for Minority Rights Group International . "  The European Court of Human Rights acknowledges this fact today . " It was the first time the court has found a violation under the European Convention 's Protocol No. 12 , which generally prohibits discrimination , the rights group said . Bosnia and Herzegovina has a recent and bloody history of ethnic violence , suffering years of war in the early 1990s as Yugoslavia tore itself apart . The court acknowledged that the country 's constitution was designed to bring that bloodshed to an end . The constitution created a three-member presidency , with one member from each of the country 's three main ethnic groups -- Serbs , Croats and "  Bosniaks , " who are Muslim . The complex structure was intended to reunify two parts of the country that were at war with each other , and to keep any two factions from imposing their will on the third . The constitution distinguishes between Bosnia 's "  constituent peoples " and "  others " -- those who are not Serb , Croat or Bosniak . "  This system , put in place at a time when a fragile cease-fire had been accepted by all the parties to the inter-ethnic conflict that had deeply affected the country , pursued the legitimate aim of restoring peace , " the court said of the arrangement negotiated in 1995 . But "  the situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina  has  improved considerably since the Dayton Peace Agreement and the adoption of the Constitution , " the court said . The case is Sejdic and Finci v. Bosnia and Herzegovina  application nos. 27996/06 and 34836/06  . The verdict can not be appealed . The 1992-95 Bosnian conflict was the longest of the wars spawned by the breakup of Yugoslavia in the early 1990s . Backed by the government of then-Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic , Bosnian Serb forces seized control of more than half the country and launched a campaign against the Muslim and Croat populations . Radovan Karadzic , the leader of the Bosnian Serbs at the time , is now on trial at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia , facing charges of war crimes and genocide . He was removed from power in 1995 , when the Dayton Accords that ended the Bosnian war barred anyone accused of war crimes from holding office . Milosevic died in 2006 while on trial before the tribunal .	Bosnia 's constitution breaks European human rights law , says court A law banned Jews , Roma and other ethnic minorities from running for president or the upper chamber of Parliament Two prominent citizens of Bosnia and Herzegovina took the country to Europe 's highest court over the provision
Hong Kong , China  CNN  -- Tropical Storm Conson was downgraded from a typhoon early Saturday , a day after the deadly storm roared into China , along the southern tip of the island of Hainan . Conson is forecast to move through the Gulf of Tonkin on Saturday , making a final landfall in northern Vietnam , near Hanoi , in the afternoon , according to CNN World Weather . The storm , which killed at least 39 people during its westward march across the Philippines this week , had maximum sustained winds of 112 kph  70 mph  Saturday , according to the Joint Typhoon Warning Center . At one point Friday morning , the storm 's winds reached 139 kph  86 mph  , making it the equivalent of a Category 1 hurricane when it reached China . Southern China already had been battling severe flooding that killed 146 people over the past two weeks , destroyed about 113,000 homes and forced more than 1.2 million people to relocate this month , state media said Friday . Forty people were missing . According to the state-run Xinhua news agency , Chen Lei of the State Flood Control and Drought Relief office said the coming rain would exacerbate the flooding . Storms and floods have affected more than 35 million people in 10 China provinces this month . By Thursday , the nation had recorded at least 26 billion yuan  about $ 3.8 billion  in economic losses , Xinhua said . Conson had weakened from a typhoon to a tropical storm before its landfall late Tuesday in the Philippines , but that did n't keep the storm from wreaking havoc as it traversed the archipelago off the Asian mainland . Conson then traveled across the South China Sea , picking up strength . Along with the rising death toll , the Philippines ' National Disaster Coordinating Council said Friday that 84 people were missing . CNN 's Judson Jones contributed to this report .	NEW : Conson is downgraded to a tropical storm The storm has been blamed for at least 39 deaths in the Philippines Conson is forecast to move through the Gulf of Tonkin on Saturday
CNN  -- A Colorado judge Monday handed down sentences ranging from 18 to 32 years in prison to a trio of siblings arrested after a multistate crime spree in 2011 . Lee Grace and Ryan Dougherty and half-brother Dylan Stanley-Dougherty were captured after a shootout with police in August and had pleaded guilty to related charges . Huerfano County District Judge Claude W. Appel gave Stanley-Dougherty a 32-year prison term , while Lee Grace Dougherty was sentenced to 24 years and Ryan Dougherty to 18 . Stanley-Dougherty , 27 , offered an emotional apology in court before his sentence , the maximum allowed under his plea agreement . "  I never intended to , I never tried to , I never wanted to hurt anybody , " he said , struggling to speak through tears . "  It is true that I acted out of desperation , and I am sorry for the choices that I made . I wish I had done things differently . I truly am sorry to anybody that was involved . " Following nine days as fugitives , the trio crashed in rural Huerfano County while trying to evade police at speeds of up to 120 mph , authorities said . Stanley-Dougherty fired an AK-47 rifle at pursuing officers during the chase , while his sister was shot in the right leg after pulling a gun on Walsenburg Police Chief James Chamberlain . "  I deserved to get shot , " she later told the FBI . "  I pointed the gun at the cop . " District Attorney Frank Ruybalid said she was educated enough to know better , and asked Appel to consider their entire cross-country flight from the law . "  I would characterize this as a case of missed opportunities , " he said . Ruybalid said Stanley-Dougherty was thrown from the car along with his weapon when the crash occurred . The trio still faces charges related to allegations that they shot at a police officer in Florida and robbed a south Georgia bank before heading west . Ruybalid said surveillance video from the bank in Valdosta showed Lee Grace Dougherty firing a MAC-10 machine pistol , and shell casings from the bank matched a weapon found with the group after their capture . "  I believe the evidence is very strong , that this family did n't have any money to continue the crime spree if she had n't participated in the bank robbery , " Ruybalid said .	NEW : Dylan Stanley-Dougherty gets 32 years in prison , sister gets 24 years , brother gets 18 The Dougherty siblings are accused of taking part in a multistate crime rampage They still face charges in Georgia and Florida They are accused of charges related to a bank robbery and an attempted murder
If you have some disposable income and want to own a piece of aviation or space-exploration history , now 's your chance . A metal fragment from the doomed Hindenburg airship , a signed photo of vanished pilot Amelia Earhart and items brought to the moon on the Apollo lunar missions are among hundreds of aviation - and space-related artifacts going on the auction block . Almost 600 items are being offered in RR Auction 's Space & Aviation online sale , which begins Thursday and runs through May 22 . For space enthusiasts , the highlights may be artifacts from NASA 's Apollo lunar missions , including several pieces of rare equipment : -- A complete Apollo 15 Rotational Hand Controller used by Commander David Scott to fly and land his lunar module on the surface of the moon in 1971 . Bidding starts at $ 10,000 . -- A Crewman Optical Alignment Sight used by Scott for rendezvous , docking and star sightings during the lunar module phases of the mission . Bidding starts at $ 2,500 . Both pieces came from Scott 's personal collection and are likely to be prized by collectors . "  These items represent the pinnacle of Apollo-era flown material , " said Richard Jurek , co-author of "  Marketing the Moon : The Selling of the Apollo Lunar Program . " "  While risking their lives during the most critical and historic phases of their mission , these are the items that the astronauts personally selected to retain as mementos from arguably the greatest technological and engineering achievement of the 20th century . " Seventy items from Apollo 11 -- the first manned mission to land on the moon -- will be offered , including pieces from the personal collections of Buzz Aldrin and Michael Collins . Items from other Apollo missions as well as Mercury , Gemini , and space shuttle missions also are being auctioned . Other artifacts include signed maps , patches , photos , and even a full spacesuit . RR Auction has been around for more than 30 years and specializes in rare documents , manuscripts , autographs and historical artifacts . This will be the site 's seventh auction that has focused on human aviation and space exploration . Much of the equipment used on NASA missions has been left behind on the moon or sent drifting into the vastness of space . And many items that return from space missions are stored away in private collections or donated to museums , which is why rare auctions of spaceflight memorabilia draw interest from aviation enthusiasts . "  Objects coming directly from moon walkers and that have been in private collections since returning to Earth are unquestionably the most sought after , " said Bobby Livingston , executive vice present of RR Auction .	Hundreds of rare aviation - and space-related artifacts are going on the auction block Among them : Items brought to the moon on the Apollo lunar missions Online auction begins Thursday and runs through May 22
ROME , Italy  CNN  -- An Italian woman who had been in a coma for 17 years and whose right-to-die case was being debated in the Italian Parliament has died days after doctors began removing her feeding tube . A portrait of Eluana Englaro . She was in a vegetative state for nearly 17 years . The speaker of the Italian Senate announced the death of Eluana Englaro , 37 , Monday night , then called for a moment of silence in the chamber . Even as the silence ended , one legislator declared , "  She has not died -- she was killed , " prompting other right-to-die opponents to join in with calls of "  Murderers ! " Englaro had been in a vegetative state for 17 years , after suffering what doctors determined to be irreversible brain damage in a 1992 car crash , when she was 20 years old . For years , Englaro 's father , Beppino , fought to have her feeding tube removed , saying it would be a dignified end to his daughter 's life . He said that before the crash his daughter visited a friend who was in a coma and told him she did n't want the same thing to happen to her if she were ever in the same state . Confirming his daughter 's death Monday , Beppino Englaro told Italian media : "  Yes , she is no longer with us , but I do n't want to say anything further . I need to be left alone . " But the intense debate swirling around her case will go on . Watch as Italians protest against her death " When Englaro 's death was announced , the Senate was debating a proposed law that would require doctors to provide nourishment to all incapacitated patients , and that would have forced doctors to resume feeding Englaro through tubes . Debate on that proposal as it would affect other patients is likely to continue in Parliament . Last year , a court ruled that the feeding tube could be removed , and Italy 's high court upheld the ruling on appeal . Englaro was transferred last week to a private clinic , where the removal process began Friday -- even as the Senate took up a debate aimed at reversing that process . A decree aimed at preventing doctors from completely removing the feeding tube was passed unanimously Friday by Italy 's Council of Ministers , with Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi leading the effort . "  I will do everything I can to save her life , " Berlusconi said . "  We have to do everything possible to stop a person from dying . " But President Giorgio Napolitano refused to sign the decree . According to a statement from Napolitano 's office , "  An emergency decree can not be in contrast with a court decision . " The case has been a controversial one in Italy , a heavily Catholic country where the Vatican has great influence . Earlier this month , Pope Benedict XVI told pilgrims that "  euthanasia is a false solution to suffering . " Monsignor Elio Sgreccia , president emeritus of the Pontifical Academy for Life , said Friday that Englaro had the right to be kept alive . "  It is the duty of the doctors , of society , and of the political institutions to administer her essential foods to keep her alive . No one has the right to take her life away from her , " he said . Euthanasia is illegal in Italy , but patients have the right to refuse treatment . It is on that basis that Englaro argued his daughter should be allowed to die , because some time before her accident she had expressed the wish not to be kept alive while in a coma -- indirectly refusing treatment , he said .	NEW : Woman in coma for 17 years in Italy has died , her father says Eluana Englaro has been in vegetative state since a car crash Her father has fought for years to have her feeding tube removed
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A federal judge has ordered the immediate release into the United States of 17 Chinese Muslims who have been held for several years in the U.S. military facility at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . A guard tower is visible behind razor wire at the military facility at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . U.S. District Judge Ricardo Urbina on Tuesday ordered the 17 detainees to appear in his Washington courtroom at 10 a.m. Friday and said he would hold a hearing next week to determine under what conditions they will be settled in the United States . The government late Tuesday afternoon announced it would file papers shortly with an appeals court seeking an emergency stay to stop the judge 's order in its tracks . The detainees are ethnic Uighurs , from a mostly Muslim autonomous region in western China . They have been in government custody for seven years and have been cleared for release for the past four years to any country willing to take them . No countries have volunteered . The judge , visibly impatient , told government lawyers he wants no delays . "  There is a pressing need for them to be released , " Urbina declared . When a government lawyer requested one week for authorities to determine how immigration authorities would handle a court-ordered arrival of individuals with no status , Urbina summarily rejected the request . He angrily demanded Immigration and Customs officials not even consider arresting the Uighurs upon arrival . "  I have issued an order . I do not want these people interfered with in any way , " the judge said . Justice Department lawyers told the judge they will immediately appeal the ruling and seek a stay of the order with the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia . The Justice Department released a statement late Tuesday afternoon protesting Urbina 's order . "  Today 's ruling presents serious national security and separation of powers concerns and raises unprecedented legal issues , " said Justice Department chief spokesman Brian Roehrkasse . At the White House , Press Secretary Dana Perino warned the ruling represents a dangerous precedent . "  The district court 's ruling , if allowed to stand , could be used as precedent for other detainees held at Guantanamo Bay , including sworn enemies of the United States suspected of planning the attacks of 9/11 who may also seek release into our country , " she said . Dozens of colorfully dressed members of the Uighur community from the Washington area beamed as they left the courtroom and began embracing . "  We welcome this . It has been a very long time , " said Amy Reger of the Uyghur Human Rights Project . The United States determined in 2004 the 17 Uighurs are not enemy combatants , but has kept them at Guantanamo while trying to persuade other countries to resettle them . Officials said they were not returned to China because of credible fears they could be mistreated if returned . The Uighurs fled Afghanistan shortly after the U.S.-led bombing campaign began in 2001 . They were turned over to U.S. military officials by Pakistani authorities . U.S. intelligence officials alleged the Uighur detainees are associated with the East Turkmenistan Islamist Movement , which the administration designated a terrorist organization in 2002 . Lawyers for the Uighurs dispute any terrorist connections . Attorneys for the 17 detainees promised the court that if the judge 's ruling stands , a Lutheran church group in Maryland and other service groups are prepared to provide both short-term and long-term care and support for the freed prisoners . Seventeen Uighur homes have been identified to initially house the detainees . Urbina scheduled an October 16 hearing for immigration officials and other government agencies to discuss conditions for the 17 men .	Group of 17 Chinese Muslims must be released into United States , judge rules Federal government says it will appeal ruling , seek emergency stay of the order Detainees are ethnic Uighurs , from mostly Muslim region in China Prisoners have been cleared for release , but no country will take them
CNN  Former International Monetary Fund chief Dominique Strauss-Kahn said his trial , which wrapped up Friday , was the first time his side of the aggravated pimping case against him has been fully heard . He 'll learn June 12 whether investigative magistrates accepted his version . A verdict by the Lille court will be read on that date . The onetime contender for the French presidency has denied investigators ' accusations that he organized or encouraged sex parties involving prostitutes . "  For the first time , throughout these last hearings , I felt I could explain myself and I have the feeling I have been listened to , " Strauss-Kahn said . Strauss-Kahn appeared to get a boost earlier this week when the Lille prosecutor told the court that the defendant should be acquitted because of insufficient evidence . Lille Prosecutor Frederic Fevre 's statement conformed with what his office said more than a year ago : that the evidence did n't support the charges . But investigative magistrates nevertheless pursued the case to trial , which began two weeks ago . Investigators alleged that the sex parties , in locations such as Belgium , New York and Washington , stemmed from a prostitution ring , organized from the Hotel Carlton in Lille . Strauss-Kahn , who was married to French TV journalist Anne Sinclair until their divorce in 2013 , has never denied that he took part in the parties . But the crux of his defense is that he did not know that prostitutes were involved . In testimony last week , he acknowledged that the sexual encounters were organized in such a way that they could fit his agenda , but he denied organizing them or asking anyone else to do so for him . "  I do n't consider myself as the organizer of any party whatsoever , " he said last week . In France , prostitution is legal , but pimping is not . Prosecutors allege that two other defendants , businessman David Roquet and Fabrice Paszkowski , a businessman friend of the former IMF director , picked up the bills for the sex parties . Strauss-Kahn saw his stellar career plummet to earth after a separate sex scandal that resulted in his arrest in New York in 2011 . He was later cleared of the New York allegations . Before that scandal erupted , he had been on track to run for the French presidency -- an election that his Socialist Party later won with Francois Hollande as its candidate . The Lille prosecutor 's office in late 2013 asked for Strauss-Kahn 's case to be dismissed , citing a lack of evidence . However , the investigating magistrates did not follow its recommendations . A judgment in the case could come "  within months , " Fevre 's spokeswoman , Maud Perraudeau , said Tuesday . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	Strauss-Kahn : "  I have the feeling I have been listened to " Prosecutor 's office has long said there was n't enough evidence to pursue the case But investigative magistrates pursed case against him and others
All you need is love , right ? Sure , but a little cash ca n't hurt , especially when it 's time to get hitched . Weddings are big business across the United States . Here are some quick stats on how money meets matrimony , and the most popular places and ages at which to pledge your eternal devotion . 2,079,900 : Weddings in the United States in 2012 , according to market research by the Wedding Report . $ 53.4 billion : Value of the wedding industry in the United States , according to market research by the Wedding Report . 26.9 : Average age in 2011 for an American woman to marry for the first time . 28.9 : Average age in 2011 for an American man to marry for the first time . $ 28,427 : Average cost of a wedding in the United States in 2012 , according to data from the 2013 Real Weddings Survey by TheKnot.com of 75,000 brides . $ 1,211 : National average cost of a wedding dress . $ 76,687 : The average cost in 2012 of a wedding in Manhattan , the most expensive city , according to the "  Real Weddings Survey . " 133-143 : Average number of guests at each wedding . 11 : Percent of couples who travel more than 200 miles to get married . 15 : Average length in months of an engagement in the United States , as of 2011-2012 . 63 : Percent of gay couples in the United States getting married who plan to go on a honeymoon , versus 84 % of straight couples , according to a same-sex marriage survey by The Knot.com and The Advocate magazine . 17 : Percent of couples who get married in June in the United States , the most popular month . 17 : Percent of American brides in 2012 who opted for a "  casual " wedding , more than in past years . 35 : Percent of American weddings taking place in a house of worship , such as a church or synagogue . $ 19 billion : Gifts purchased in 2010 from wedding registries , according to a marketing study from the University of Notre Dame . 24 : Percent of U.S. weddings that are destination weddings , according to BigCityBride.com . $ 65,000 : Starting price of the Couture Wedding Collection , the fanciest Disney "  Fairytale Wedding " package at Disney World in Orlando , Florida . 1 : Rank of Las Vegas for destination weddings . 86,203 : The number of marriage licenses issued in 2012 in Las Vegas . 7 : Number of days a week marriages are performed at the Clark County Office of Civil Marriages , where Las Vegas is located . $ 275 : Cost of the "  Hound Dog " wedding package at "  A Elvis Chapel " in Las Vegas . Elvis sings three songs and will walk the bride down the aisle . 2,061 : Couples in Florida who were married on December 12 , 2012 , the most common wedding date there last year .  Get it ? 12/12/12 ! Follow CNN Living on Twitter and Facebook Did your wedding costs and guest list hit the average or did you swing well above or below ? Chime in below .	Market research says there are more than 2 million weddings in the United States every year The average wedding cost is $ 28,427 , according to a survey by TheKnot.com Manhattan is the most expensive spot for a wedding -- an average of $ 76,687
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- A Georgia congressman said Wednesday he 's received death threats and found Nazi graffiti outside his office in the aftermath of heated protests about health care reform . Rep. David Scott 's staff found a swastika on a sign outside his district office in Georgia . David Scott , a Democrat from north-central Georgia , told CNN he has received several offensive faxes and letters , including some with death threats and racial abuse . Scott is black . His district includes part of metro Atlanta . The congressman showed CNN a cartoon of Barack Obama , depicting the president as a clown with a swastika on his head , which Scott said he had received in the mail . Tuesday , his staff found a swastika painted over Scott 's name on a sign outside his office . "  I was just simply appalled , " he said . "  This symbol represents the most heinous period in world history , indicative of man 's greatest inhumanity to man , where nearly 6 million Jewish people and others were murdered purposely by Adolf Hitler , " Scott said . "  So when you reach that point ... this is very , very dangerous . " Local police and the F.B.I. are investigating . Scott said he believes the swastika and hate mail are a result of the acrimonious health care debate . Lawmakers holding public forums in their home districts during their August recess have been the target of some angry protests over the proposed health care overhaul . An argument Scott had with a doctor at a public meeting has been featured on both local TV and CNN . The Georgia representative said he does not believe the vocal protests against Obama 's proposed changes to the health care system are spontaneous . "  I think to a degree they 're organized and orchestrated , " Scott said . "  There 's no question about that but they have a right to do it -- that 's very , very important . This is America , it 's rough and tumble , that 's what we 're here for , but this is something else , " he said . "  This is not good for America , not good for this debate , it 's a distraction , " the congressman said . And he says Obama should call for an end to it . "  I think he really has to speak strongly ... before somebody gets hurt at one of these things . " Another congressman , Washington state Democrat Brian Baird , has canceled public meetings after saying he 's received death threats . CNN 's T.J. Holmes in Atlanta , Georgia , contributed to this report .	Georgia Rep. David Scott says swastika was painted outside his district office Scott has received death threats , hate mail , since health care protests began His argument with a doctor at health care forum has been seen widely Scott defends free speech but says level of anger "  is not good for America "
CNN  First , a 20-year-old Israeli was stabbed Monday at a bus stop in Tel Aviv . Then , three Israelis were stabbed at a hitchhiking post near the entrance to a settlement in the West Bank , police said . One of the three , a 24-year-old woman , was killed , emergency services said . In both incidents , the attackers were "  terrorists , " police said . The incidents came amid simmering tensions -- not just between Israel and Palestinians , but between rival Palestinian factions as well . "  The atmosphere of violence rides the wave of Palestinian incitement , " Israeli military spokesman Lt. Col. Peter Lerner said on Twitter . After the Tel Aviv stabbing , a Palestinian suspect from Nablus in the West Bank was arrested "  with the help of eyewitnesses while he was hiding in an apartment building in the fourth floor nearby the central bus station , " police spokeswoman Luba Samri said . The victim , a member of the Israel Defense Forces , was taken to a hospital in serious condition , police said . After the stabbings at the Alon Shvut junction in the West Bank , the attacker was shot by a security guard , police said . The junction is the same site where three Israeli teens were kidnapped and later found dead , ultimately sparking an Israeli military campaign targeting Hamas in Gaza called Operation Protective Edge . The incidents Monday -- the latest in a string of attacks -- came amid a new round of infighting between Palestinian factions . The political party Fatah said Sunday it will scrap a series of events to commemorate the death 10 years ago of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat . The group blamed rival faction Hamas , saying it is behind a series of bombings at the homes of Fatah leaders . Hamas denounced the attacks , according to the Facebook page of spokesman Sami Abu Zuhri . Fatah controls the West Bank , and Hamas controls Gaza . While the parties have fought violent battles in the past , they 've made repeated announcements of plans to form a unity government as well . On Saturday , Israeli police shot and killed a Palestinian man who attacked police officers with a knife in a village in northern Israel , police said . There were conflicting accounts of exactly what happened . Israel has been facing what some call an "  auto intifada " -- a spate of attacks on Jewish civilians in Jerusalem by Palestinians driving vehicles . Hamas said it "  blesses the action . What is happening in Jerusalem is pushing us to prepare for war . " Violence has recently involved the Temple Mount , the holiest site in Judaism and one of the three holiest sites in Islam . It 's known to Muslims as Haram al-Sharif , or the Noble Sanctuary , and Jews are allowed to visit the site but not to pray there . A Palestinian recently shot and critically wounded a rabbi , Yehuda Glick , who campaigns for the right of Jews to pray at the site . After an Israeli counterterrorism unit shot and killed the assailant hours later , Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas -- part of Fatah in the West Bank -- wrote to the assailant 's family saying he would "  go to heaven as a martyr defending the rights of our people and its holy places . " CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark , Mike Pearson , Kareem Khadder , Michael Schwartz and Tim Lister contributed to this report .	The victim , a member of the Israel Defense Forces , is in serious condition , police say Police call the stabbing a terrorist attack by a Palestinian Palestinian party Fatah cancels memorial for former Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat Fatah blames rival Hamas , saying it 's been bombing Fatah leaders ' homes
CNN  -- Need a break from shopping and celebrating the holidays ? There will be lots of offerings at your local cinema as Hollywood is releasing a crop of new films through the end of the year . NOW PLAYING "  Burlesque " Plot summary : A small-town girl goes to California to perform in a burlesque musical revue . Starring : Christina Aguilera , Cher , Stanley Tucci and Kristen Bell "  Faster " Plot summary : An ex-con out to avenge his brother 's murder must also deal with a hit man and a police officer hunting him . Starring : Dwayne Johnson , Billy Bob Thornton and Maggie Grace "  Love and Other Drugs " Plot summary : A pharmaceutical salesman begins a relationship with a woman who has Parkinson 's disease . Starring : Jake Gyllenhaal , Anne Hathaway and Judy Greer "  Tangled " Plot summary : Love inspires the long-haired Princess Rapunzel to leave her tower in this reboot of a beloved fairy tale . Starring : Voices of Mandy Moore , Zachary Levi and Donna Murphy "  The Legend of Pale Male " * Limited release in New York Plot summary : Documentary about a red-tailed hawk who becomes a famous resident of New York . Starring : N/A "  The Nutcracker in 3D " * Limited release ; wide release December 3 Plot summary : The classic story of girl whose gift comes to life one Christmas Eve gets a modern , 3-D twist . Starring : Elle Fanning , Nathan Lane and John Turturro FRIDAY "  The King 's Speech " Plot summary : An Australian speech therapist tries to help King George VI of Britain overcome a speech impediment . Starring : Colin Firth , Geoffrey Rush and Helena Bonham Carter "  London Boulevard " Plot summary : A parolee battles with a gangster for the affections of a movie star . Starring : Keira Knightley , Colin Farrell and Jamie Campbell Bower DECEMBER 3 "  All Good Things " * Limited release in New York Plot summary : Inspired by one of the most notorious unsolved crime cases in New York history , the film is part murder mystery , part love story . Starring : Ryan Gosling , Kirsten Dunst , Kristen Wiig and Frank Langella "  The Assistants " * Limited release in Los Angeles . Plot summary : A group of Hollywood assistants struggle to get a film made . Starring : Joe Mantegna , Jane Seymour , Stacy Keach and Chris Conner "  Black Swan " Plot summary : A thriller in which a ballet dancer finds herself pitted against a newcomer as they both compete for the ultimate role . Starring : Natalie Portman , Mila Kunis and Vincent Cassel "  I Love You Phillip Morris " Plot summary : A con man meets the love of his life behind bars . Starring : Jim Carrey , Ewan McGregor and Leslie Mann "  Dead Awake " Plot summary : A young man attempts to unravel a past that is haunting him . Starring : Nick Stahl , Rose McGowan and Amy Smart "  Meskada " * Limited release Plot summary : A detective 's investigation of a boy 's murder leads him back to his hometown . Starring : Nick Stahl , Rachel Nichols , Kellan Lutz and Jonathan Tucker "  Night Catches Us " * Limited release in New York ; New Jersey ; Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ; and West Hollywood , California Plot summary : In 1976 , a young man returns after years of being away to the race-torn Philadelphia neighborhood where he grew up . Starring : Anthony Mackie , Kerry Washington , Jamie Hector and Wendell Pierce "  The Warrior 's Way " Plot summary : A master swordsman seeks sanctuary in an American town after refusing a mission . Starring : Jang Dong-gun , Kate Bosworth and Geoffrey Rush DECEMBER 10 "  The Chronicles of Narnia : The Voyage of the Dawn Treader " Plot summary : Lucy , Edmund and their cousin Eustace are drawn to Narnia again . Starring : Georgie Henley , Skandar Keynes and Ben Barnes "  The Company Men " Plot summary : Three men try to survive during a year in which their company undergoes corporate downsizing . Starring : Tommy Lee Jones , Ben Affleck and Chris Cooper "  The Fighter " Plot summary : The story of the early years of boxer "  Irish " Micky Ward and his brother before the former went pro in the mid-1980s . Starring : Mark Wahlberg , Christian Bale and Amy Adams "  Garden of Eden " Plot summary : Promising American novelist David Bourne travels across Europe with his wife and her Italian girlfriend . Starring : Jack Huston , Mena Suvari and Richard E. Grant "  The Tourist " Plot summary : An Interpol agent draws a tourist into a web of intrigue . Starring : Angelina Jolie , Johnny Depp and Paul Bettany "  You Wo n't Miss Me " Plot Summary : A troubled young woman is released from a psychiatric hospital and lashes out at the world with a series of self-destructive acts . Starring : Stella Schnabel , Simon O'Connor , Zachary Tucker and Borden Capalino "  The Tempest " Plot summary : Based on Shakespeare 's play , a vengeful sorceress unleashes her powers against shipwrecked enemies . Starring : Helen Mirren , Russell Brand , Djimon Hounsou and Alfred Molina DECEMBER 17 "  And Soon the Darkness " Plot summary : Two American girls bike in a remote part of Argentina when one disappears and the other must find her before it 's too late . Starring : Odette Yustman , Amber Heard , Karl Urban and Adriana Barraza . "  How Do You Know " Plot summary : A woman is caught in a love triangle involving a baseball player and an old acquaintance . Starring : Reese Witherspoon , Owen Wilson , Paul Rudd and Jack Nicholson "  Rabbit Hole " * Limited release ; wide release January 14 Plot Summary : A man and his wife struggle to come to terms with the accidental death of their 4-year-old son . Starring : Nicole Kidman , Aaron Eckhart , Sandra Oh and Dianne Wiest "  Yogi Bear " Plot summary : A documentary filmmaker travels to Jellystone Park where he discovers Yogi and Boo-Boo . Starring : Voices of Anna Faris , Dan Aykroyd and Justin Timberlake "  Tron : Legacy " Plot summary : A man is haunted by the disappearance of his father , a world-renowned video game developer . Starring : Garrett Hedlund , Jeff Bridges and Olivia Wilde DECEMBER 22 "  Little Fockers " Plot summary : The Focker family prepares for the arrival of a baby . Starring : Robert De Niro , Ben Stiller and Teri Polo "  Somewhere " Plot summary : A Hollywood bad-boy re-examines his life after an unexpected visit from his young daughter . Starring : Stephen Dorff , Elle Fanning and Chris Pontius "  True Grit " Plot summary : A teenager enlists the aid of a boozy , trigger-happy lawman to find her father 's killer . Starring : Jeff Bridges , Matt Damon , Josh Brolin and Hailee Steinfeld "  Gulliver 's Travels " Plot summary : A shipwrecked travel writer is a giant in Lilliput , land of little people . Starring : Jack Black , Emily Blunt , Jason Segel and Billy Connolly DECEMBER 25 "  The Illusionist " Plot summary : An aging magician bonds with a young fan who believes his tricks are real magic . Starring : Voices of Jean-Claude Donda , Eilidh Rankin and Didier Gustin DECEMBER 29 "  Another Year " Plot summary : A happy middle-aged couple are hit with life 's highs and lows over the span of four seasons , including embracing their son 's newly discovered partner and enduring an unexpected death in the family . Starring : David Bradley , Jim Broadbent , Karina Fernandez and Oliver Maltman "  Biutiful " Plot summary : A crook with a terminal illness tries to set his affairs in order . Starring : Javier Bardem , Maricel Álvarez , Hanaa Bouchaib and Diarytou Daff "  Casino Jack " Plot summary : Kevin Spacey stars as Washington lobbyist Jack Abramoff , whose greed and corruption get him in a heap of legal hot water . Starring : Kevin Spacey , Barry Pepper , Jon Lovitz and Kelly Preston "  The Debt " Plot summary : Past events haunt a former Mossad agent when she returns to Eastern Europe to investigate the apparent reappearance of a Nazi war criminal she thought was long dead . Starring : Helen Mirren , Sam Worthington , Jessica Chastain and Jesper Christensen "  The Way Back " Plot summary : This drama follows a group of soldiers who escaped from a Siberian gulag in 1940 . Starring : Colin Farrell , Jim Sturgess , Saoirse Ronan and Ed Harris "  Wild Target " * Limited release Plot summary : A respected hit man is thinking about retirement and starting a family when he meets a beautiful thief who may shake up his plans . Starring : Bill Nighy , Emily Blunt and Rupert Grint DECEMBER 31 "  Blue Valentine " Plot summary : A love story centered on a couple who try to save their marriage amidst the romantic memories of their past . Starring : Ryan Gosling , Michelle Williams and John Doman	With a crop of new releases , Hollywood hopes 2010 will go out with a bang Angelina Jolie and Johnny Depp tangle in "  The Tourist " Garrett Hedlund gets pulled into the cyberworld of Tron in "  Tron : Legacy "
Oakland , California  CNN  -- San Francisco 's transit system board agreed Wednesday to put together a formal policy on when cell-phone service can be cut off to commuters , in response to widespread complaints and recent protests . The Bay Area Rapid Transit 's board of directors will also have the proposed policy reviewed by the Federal Communications Commission and California Public Utilities Commission . The board 's decision came during a three-hour special meeting Wednesday to discuss the agency 's decision earlier this month to cut off cell-phone signals at certain underground stations to ward off protests . That decision ignited a debate about free speech and public safety . The board agreed that the new policy would define the kinds of public safety threats warranting a cutoff of commuters ' cell signals . Developing the new policy could take up to four weeks . The proposed policy would also be presented to free-speech groups for their review , board members said . BART director Lynette Sweet acknowledged the controversy as a "  PR nightmare . " She was upset that the board did n't have a say in the staff decision -- which was widely criticized by free-speech advocates . "  Obvious First Amendment rights and the right to have a communication are what people are looking for , " Sweet said . "  We need to defend First Amendment rights to protest us and use cell-phone communication . " She found the widespread public criticism "  really frustrating -- I 'm held accountable for a staff decision , " she said . "  If we 're gon na shut off cell phones , it has to be the most extraordinary circumstances that I equate to 9/11 level . " On August 11 , demonstrators had planned a rally to bring attention to a number of transit police officer shootings , including the death of 45-year-old Charles Hill . Hill was shot July 3 after a confrontation with officers . The transit agency said protests during rush hour endangered the safety of commuters and employees . As evidence , they cited a protest on July 11 where demonstrators had used cell phones to coordinate which stations to target . That spirited and largely peaceful rally at the city 's Civic Center stop was organized by a group called "  No Justice , No BART . " But at the demonstration , one person climbed atop a subway train before being pulled down . BART also said protesters blocked doors and generally delayed roughly two-thirds of trains running during the rush-hour commute that day . As a result , when protesters planned another demonstration on August 11 , the subway system said it cut off cell-phone signals at some stations . BART said it did so to prevent protesters from using "  mobile devices to coordinate their disruptive activities and communicate about the location and number of BART Police . " The August 11 protests never materialized . But the decision to cut off signals elicited criticism from civil liberty organizations , the San Francisco Chronicle 's editorial page and others . "  Shutting down access to mobile phones is the wrong response to political protests , whether it 's halfway around the world or right here at home , " the ACLU of Northern California said . The Federal Communications Commission said it is looking into the incident . "  Any time communications services are interrupted , we seek to assess the situation , " FCC spokesman Neil Grace said last week . "  We ... will be taking steps to hear from stakeholders about the important issues those actions raised , including protecting public safety and ensuring the availability of communications networks , " Grace said . Last week , hackers attacked BART 's website and posted the home addresses and other information of all 102 police officers on the train system 's police force . It was n't clear who was to blame for the hacking incident . But in a prior hacking incident on August 14 , members of the well-known hacking group Anonymous took credit in online messages for breaking into a link off BART 's website . The hackers posted information from BART 's internal network , including phone numbers of hundreds of people . Meanwhile , police alternately closed and reopened commuter train stations in downtown San Francisco Monday after demonstrators gathered to protest the recent shootings . CNN 's Dan Simon reported from Oakland , California .	NEW : BART board will have FCC and others vet proposed policy NEW : BART staff 's decision to cut off commuters ' cell phones is a "  PR nightmare , " director says BART suspended cell service in spots August 11 to thwart demonstrators The move elicited harsh criticism from civil liberty advocates and others
CNN  She is being called Zephany Nurse , though it is not the name with which the 17-year-old South African girl grew up . Zephany means "  hidden by the Lord , " a fitting name for a girl who was allegedly kidnapped at birth and found thanks to an improbable coincidence . South African Police have been mostly quiet about the case . A police spokesman , Andre Traut , confirmed that a woman was arrested last week and charged with kidnapping and falsely pretending that she was the girl 's biological mother . Zephany was a newborn when she was taken from a Cape Town hospital in 1997 . She is 17 and in her final year of school . In fact , according to local reports , that 's how she crossed paths with her biological parents , Celeste and Morne Nurse . According to the South African Press Association , an independent news agency , students at their second daughter 's school unknowingly solved the kidnapping . The second daughter , who was born four years after Zephany was kidnapped , started eighth grade at a Cape Town school this year , according to SAPA . Fellow students told her there was a girl in her final year of school who looked just like her , the news agency reported . The two girls became friends , according to SAPA , and eventually , Morne Nurse made up an excuse to meet his daughter 's new friend . He , too , was taken by the similarities and contacted the police , SAPA reported . A DNA test was done , and last week police arrested the 50-year-old woman who had raised Zephany . The woman made an initial appearance before a judge who ruled that she would remain behind bars at least until her next hearing . The shocking revelation has no easy conclusion . While Zephany 's biological parents have said in interviews over the years that they never lost hope of finding her , for now , the girl is in the custody of the social services . The Nurses have been allowed to visit Zephany for short periods , South African media reported . And on Tuesday , Zephany herself released a statement , via the Centre for Child Law , which is representing her . "  I want to say thank you to all the people who supported me through this , for continuously praying and never giving up on looking for me , " she said . "  Under the circumstances , I am doing fine . "	Celeste and Morne Nurse 's baby was stolen from the hospital in 1997 17 years later , their child has been found
Thomas Eric Duncan left Africa for the United States , by official accounts , a healthy man . But within days after his arrival in Texas , things changed for him , for the worst . So who is Duncan , besides the first person to be diagnosed with Ebola in the United States ? When did he start to feel sick , and what happened to him next ? And who did he come in contact with , in the meantime ? Your #EbolaQandA questions answered Who is Thomas Eric Duncan ? He is a 42-year-old Liberian citizen , said a friend who knows him well but asked not to be identified because of the sensitivity of his case . Duncan 's Facebook page indicates that he 's from the Liberian capital of Monrovia , where he attended E. Jonathan Goodridge High School . Why did he come to the United States ? To visit family and friends , according to the friend , who noted this was Duncan 's first trip to America . Centers for Disease Control and Prevention director Thomas Frieden has said that Duncan was "  staying with family members who live in this country . " Duncan was visiting his son and his son 's mother in Dallas , according to Wilfred Smallwood , Duncan 's half-brother . When did Duncan leave Liberia ? He departed the West African nation on September 19 , Frieden says . How did he get Ebola ? Authorities have n't said . Witnesses say Duncan had been helping Ebola patients in Liberia . Liberian community leader Tugbeh Chieh Tugbeh said Duncan was caring for an Ebola-infected patient at a residence in Paynesville City , just outside Monrovia . The New York Times reported Thursday that Duncan had direct contact with a pregnant woman stricken with Ebola on September 15 , days before he left for the United States . Citing the woman 's parents and Duncan 's neighbors in Monrovia , Liberia , the newspaper said Duncan had helped carry the ailing woman home after a hospital turned her away because there was n't enough space in its Ebola treatment ward . A CDC spokesman told CNN on Wednesday that he had n't seen the newspaper 's report and could n't comment . Was he screened for Ebola before getting on the plane ? Yes , according to Binyah Kesselly , board chairman of the Liberia Airport Authority . "  The first screening was at the gate , before you get to the parking lot . The second time is before you enter the terminal building and the third is before you board the flight . At every point your temperature is scanned . " His temperature at those checkpoints was a consistent 97.3 degrees Fahrenheit , Centers for Disease Control and Prevention chief Thomas Frieden told reporters Thursday . On a health screening questionnaire , Duncan answered "  no " to questions about whether he had cared for a patient with the deadly virus and whether he had touched the body of someone who died in an area affected by the disease , Kesselly said . Complete coverage on Ebola So where did he go next ? Authorities believe he was on two United Airlines flights -- Flight 951 from Brussels to Washington Dulles and Flight 822 from Washington Dulles to Dallas-Fort Worth -- during his trip , according to a spokesperson for the airline who did not want to be named . Passengers on those flights are not in danger , the spokesperson said . The airline is voluntarily reaching out to passengers on those flights , an airline source said . When did his Ebola symptoms appear ? "  Four or five days " after his trip , according to the CDC 's Frieden . This does n't mean that Duncan actually got infected with Ebola in the United States . The incubation period for the virus is two to 21 days , meaning that a person could be infected with the disease for up to three weeks before he or she show any signs of it . When he did seek medical help ? After 10 p.m. Thursday , September 25 . That 's when Duncan first walked into Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital Dallas , according to a statement Wednesday .  A hospital official had earlier said that he 'd gone to the hospital Friday . His friend said that Duncan had a fever and vomiting during this first visit to the Dallas hospital . The hospital , in a statement Wednesday , said he had a "  low grade fever and abdominal pain . " He underwent basic blood tests but was n't screened for Ebola , said Dr. Edward Goodman from the Dallas hospital . Duncan left the medical facility after being given antibiotics and a pain reliever , his friend said . "  His condition did not warrant admission , " the hospital said . "  He also was not exhibiting symptoms specific to Ebola . " Were flags raised that Duncan might have Ebola ? After being asked by a nurse , Duncan did say that he 'd traveled from Africa , said Dr. Mark Lester , executive vice president of Texas Health Presbyterian 's parent company . But that detail -- which might have raised an alarm that Duncan might have Ebola , since Liberia is one of the countries hardest hit by the virus -- was not "  fully communicated " to the medical team , according to Lester . When was he admitted to Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital ? On Sunday . The friend -- frustrated and feeling hospital staff was n't doing enough -- then reportedly called the CDC about Duncan 's case . The CDC told the friend to call Texas ' Department of Health , with the message eventually getting to the hospital . This description , however , runs counter to what Texas Health Presbyterian said in its statement Wednesday . By the time Duncan arrived via ambulance , "  EMS had already identified potential need for isolation , " the hospital said . "  The hospital followed all suggested CDC protocols at that time . " Who did the patient come into contact with in the meantime ? Given the timetable outlined by Frieden , that leaves a few days between when Duncan began to show signs of Ebola and when he was hospitalized . This is significant because someone with Ebola is only contagious when they are symptomatic . And , obviously , there are more safeguards to prevent infection in a medical environment than outside of it . Health officials are reaching out to as many as 100 people who may have had contact with Duncan , a spokeswoman with the Texas Department of State Health Services said Thursday . These are people who are still being questioned because they may have crossed paths with the patient either at the hospital , at his apartment complex or in the community . "  Out of an abundance of caution , we 're starting with this very wide net , including people who have had even brief encounters with the patient or the patient 's home , " spokeswoman Carrie Williams said . "  The number will drop as we focus in on those whose contact may represent a potential risk of infection . " The number of direct contacts who have been identified and are being monitored right now is "  more than 12 , " a federal official told CNN on Thursday . "  By the end of the day , we should have a pretty good idea of how many contacts there are , " the official said . That number includes five students who attended four different schools in the area , according to Dallas Superintendent Mike Miles . Three students were also pulled from an elementary school in the Richardson Independent School District on Thursday after health officials determined they may have been in contact with Duncan . They have no symptoms , but "  have been removed from school in order to be monitored , " the school district said . It 's not known yet whether they or anyone else got Ebola , which only spreads through contact with infected bodily fluids , because of Duncan . This includes members of the ambulance crew that transported him to the hospital ; none of had shown symptoms , Dallas Mayor Mike Rawlings said Tuesday . How is Duncan doing ? "  All right , " according to his friend , who has spoken with Duncan frequently . "  He is in pain . " The friend , who talked with Duncan as recently as Wednesday afternoon , said that Duncan has n't eaten in a week . Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital spokeswoman Candace White said that Duncan is in serious condition at her Dallas hospital .	United Airlines is reaching out to passengers on flights with the patient Thomas Eric Duncan , 42 , is the first person diagnosed with Ebola in the United States Duncan had a fever , was vomiting when he went to a hospital ; he was sent home Liberian man was admitted to the same Dallas hospital , isolated days later
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- With hundreds of protesters gathering and riot police out in force on the streets of Tehran , hardline President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad took the oath of office Wednesday , beginning a second term in a bitterly divided Iran . Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was sworn in Wednesday as Iran 's president . He begins his second term . Ahmadinejad , 52 , was formally sworn in before Iran 's parliament , known as the Majlis , as security forces guarded the building and nearby streets in anticipation of protests . Witnesses reported a heavy police presence -- including members of the pro-government Basij militia -- and several choppers hovering overhead . Some reported protesters , many of them women , sitting in front of the parliament building 's entrance . As discontent surfaced yet again , Ahmadinejad vowed to take Iran forward and flung sharp words at those who questioned the validity of the June 12 elections , in which he was declared the winner with almost two-thirds of the vote . He took particular aim at the United States , Britain , France , Italy and Germany , which have not sent formal letters of congratulations to Ahmadinejad . "  They said they would recognize the election , but will not congratulate , " Ahmadinejad said in his inaugural speech . "  This means they only want democracy at the service of their interests and do n't respect the people 's vote and rights . "  Nobody in Iran is waiting for anyone 's congratulations , " he said . What 's next for Iran ? " Asked Tuesday whether the White House recognizes Ahmadinejad as the rightful leader of Iran , press secretary Robert Gibbs said , "  He 's the elected leader . " Gibbs expanded on that comment Wednesday , telling reporters "  It 's not for me or for us to denote his legitimacy , except to acknowledge the fact . " "  Whether any election was fair , obviously the Iranian people still have questions about that , and we 'll let them decide that , " Gibbs said . "  But I would simply say he 's been inaugurated , and we know that is simply a fact . " The United States and Iran have had no diplomatic relations since 1980 . Britain has maintained ties , but has criticized the Iranian crackdown on protests that followed the disputed election and has not issued a statement of congratulation to Ahmadinejad . However , the British ambassador to Tehran did attend the ceremony , and the Foreign Office in London said the international community still needs to engage Iran on "  serious issues , " such as its nuclear program . "  While we need to engage with Iran 's government , today 's ceremony does not change our position on Iran 's elections , " the Foreign Office said . Among others attending Wednesday 's ceremony were Iran 's top lawmakers , the heads of the three branches of government , the secretary of the Guardian Council and foreign diplomats . But as the camera of the semi-official Press TV panned the hall , an unprecedented number of empty seats were visible . It was unclear whether opposition leaders were boycotting the inauguration . Ahmadinejad struck a note of unity in his attempt to move Iran forward , saying "  Who has voted for whom -- this is not the question . Today we need a national resolve . Today we need to join forces . " He vowed to promote religion and morality , and support righteousness and spread justice . "  I will guard the power that the people have entrusted in me as the sacred trust , " Ahmadinejad said . "  I will safeguard it like an honest and faithful trustee . " Ahmadinejad , however , starts another four years in office with many Iranians questioning his legitimacy . The results of the June 12 election were widely disputed ; Ahmadinejad 's chief rival , reformist Mir Hossein Moussavi called the elections a "  fraud . " Since the vote , Iran has seen turmoil not witnessed since the 1979 Islamic revolution as thousands have taken to the streets to protest and security forces have brutally cracked down . Analyst Amir Taheri told CNN Wednesday that Ahmadinejad 's second term will be closely watched around the world . Taheri said the freshly inaugurated president faces myriad challenges in his second term , among them a faltering economy and a burgeoning popular movement favoring reform . "  He has to worry a lot about the opposition , " Taheri said . Iran says about 30 people have been killed in the post-election violence . Among those who were arrested , 110 are facing trial , according to Iranian media reports . Under Iran 's constitution , the incoming president must receive the supreme leader 's approval before being sworn into office . On Monday , after Ayatollah Ali Khameini gave that endorsement to Ahmadinejad , hundreds of Iranians again demonstrated in the Iranian capital . Witnesses and sources said the crowds marched on the sidewalks around Vannak Square and Vali Asr Avenue , under the watchful eye of hundreds of Iranian security forces . Some chanted "  Death to the dictator , " while others said "  God is great . " International media outlets , including CNN , have been restricted in their coverage of Iran in the aftermath of the elections .	Mahmoud Ahmadinejad begins a second term as Iran 's president The results of the June 12 election were widely disputed , sparking violent protests Since the vote , Iran has seen turmoil not witnessed since the 1979 Islamic revolution
Washington  CNN  -- There was a time not too long ago when 19-year-old Derontae Mason slept in homeless shelters and school playgrounds . Now Mason is heading to college with his sights set on becoming a pediatrician , thanks to the Don Bosco Cristo Rey High School in Takoma Park , Maryland , a Catholic college prep school for low-income teens . "  I had many obstacles that came across my way and made me want to be like , just forget it , throw in the towel you know ? But the teachers , the staff , friends , family they all pulled together with Don Bosco and helped me overcome those obstacles , " said Mason . Mason is part of Don Bosco 's first graduating class of 70 students , all of whom have already been accepted to various colleges and universities , said Rev. Steve Shafran , president of Don Bosco Cristo Rey . High school was n't always easy for him . In his junior year , one of his close friends was killed in a drive-by shooting . But his teachers kept prodding him to stay on track , and now , Mason is bound for Potomac State college in West Virginia on a scholarship . "  For me , Derontae is a great story for a lot of inner city kids that do n't have hope , that do n't have somebody to help them move forward , " Shafran said . Domestic problems and personal conflicts forced Mason out to the streets when he was 15 . As one of six children being raised by a single mom with little money , he was in and out of homeless shelters . A child advocate first alerted Mason 's mother about Don Bosco , one of 24 schools in the country that use the Cristo Rey model : a combination of employment and academics . Students must work at one of the school 's designated job partners . The students are paid when the employer makes a financial contribution to the school . So , as it turns out , the students are working their way through school . "  They 're picking up the culture of that corporate environment . They see the people that are there , and they 're picking up some great skills of interaction that 's helping to mold them and their own character , " said Shafran . For Mason , Don Bosco went even further , helping to arrange housing so he would n't have to sleep on the streets . Families of other students at the school agreed on a rotation to let Mason to stay in their homes . For Mason , it 's just the beginning . A determined , soft-spoken young man , Mason said he will always cherish his four years at the high school . "  I walk away from Don Bosco knowing I have people who care about me , more determination , perseverance than I can ever imagine . " CNN 's Lisa Sylvester and NuNu Japaridze contributed to this story .	Domestic problems forced Derontae Mason out to the streets when he was 15 Child advocate steered him Catholic college prep school for low-income teens Don Bosco Cristo Rey High School pairs students with jobs that pay for their education
CNN  -- Fashion Week in New York , London , Milan and Paris have ended in a flash of ruby-reds , turtlenecks and thigh-high boots . But what about Charleston , Nashville , Austin or Cleveland ? Granted , these are n't cities where editors , buyers and bloggers from around the world flock to discover next season 's trends . But , regardless of what the Onion thinks of Iowa 's style sense , regional fashion weeks matter to the communities that host them -- and they 're starting to catch the attention of big-city fashion folk , too . After all , "  not all designers are born and bred in New York , Paris and Milan , " said Fern Mallis , who 's credited with creating New York Fashion Week as we currently know it . After her success there , she helped launch and guide fashion weeks in Sydney , Shanghai , Miami and Cleveland as senior vice president of IMG Fashion in the 2000s . Photos : New York Fashion Week Each year seems to herald the launch of a fashion week in a smaller , regional U.S. city and , unlike their famous counterparts , runway shows are n't always the main event . Cleveland 's schedule in May includes pop-up boutiques , wine and cheese parties and a screening of "  Diana Vreeland : The Eye Has to Travel , " a documentary about the influential fashion editor of Harper 's Bazaar and editor-in-chief of Vogue . In April , Nashville Fashion Week will offer a day of industry panels and several nights of runway shows featuring a mix of hometown heroes and established brands such as Tracy Reese and Nonoo . Yes , in some cities , the weeks are basically glorified business-boosting happy hours where flavored vodka drinks and rose flow liberally from local boutiques . There 's a bit of navel-gazing , to be sure . But , as Mallis put it , what 's the harm in trying ? "  Regional fashion weeks are aspirational . I find something very refreshing and honest about them , " Mallis said . "  If the sidebar is that restaurants and hotels get a lot of business , even better . "  The fashion industry is always looking for the next hot talent and you never know where you 'll find it . It 's a funny industry , where you need to be seen , and the best way for designers ' work to be seen is on the runway , wherever it is . " "  Project Runway " Season 11 contestant Amanda Valentine credits her participation in Nashville Fashion Week for the boost she needed to make the cut on the reality TV show . She earns a living as a stylist in Music City 's entertainment industry while still cultivating her brand from a studio in the basement of her Nashville home . But during fashion week , local organizers tend to provide models , hair and makeup services , saving designers like her thousands of dollars . Valentine auditioned for "  Project Runway " in 2009 but did n't make the final cut . After participating in Nashville Fashion Week , she returned for auditions in 2012 with a portfolio of professional runway images and press clips lauding her work . "  The exposure and press helps because it gives you an outside opinion that you can point to , " Valentine said . "  Having the professional images and the ability to say ' I participated in a show ' also adds to your credibility . " Designers to watch after New York Fashion Week Usually , runway shows distinguish the boozy shopping parties from events with the potential to propel young designers . A show in Nashville , Tennessee , or Austin , Texas , can give designers a chance to shine or stumble -- without the intensely critical media eye that looms over London or Paris . It just takes some time for a regional fashion week to grow from one to the other . Charleston Fashion Week in South Carolina started out as a "  chic party " in Marion Square and along King Street , where fashionistas hobnobbed over cocktails . In seven years , it has grown into an event that draws promising talent , industry heavyweights and thousands of attendees . Last year , the event 's economic impact was $ 2.4 million , according to figures from the Charleston Area Convention and Visitors Bureau . The emerging designer competition is the event 's centerpiece . The nightly showdown began Tuesday , whittling down a roster of 20 aspiring designers to five finalists , who sent their collections down the runway Saturday night in a bid for the grand prize . The winner takes home $ 5,000 in cash , $ 10,000 in online marketing and promotional services , a book of professional runway images of the winning collection , and a sewing machine . Prizes like that would certainly help semifinalist Afriyie Poku , who makes a living doing custom alterations on a secondhand sewing machine in his Atlanta apartment . He 's also on call for tailoring jobs at a hotel he quit last month to free up time to work on his menswear collection . The tall-haired , Ghana-born Atlantan transformed the living room of his Midtown apartment into a workshop after being selected in December to participate in the contest . Portrait of a Man Repeller at NYFW His design idol is Ralph Lauren , so naturally his collection is based on traditional menswear silhouettes with what he calls an "  attention to detail that brings it into the modern era . " Poku takes pride in his fashion-forward embellishments , such as high-waisted riding pants with reverse pleats , a side zipper or leather inseam patches , and a double-breasted morning coat lined to be warm enough on its own . The self-taught tailor says he has a character or archetype in mind for each piece -- the hunter , the gentleman -- but he acknowledges that he 's designing for himself . That 's how he learned to sew , by altering clothes to his liking , in a fitted , tailored style inspired by his uncles , businessmen in Ghana , even if his first creation was a pair of pants made from a bedsheet . "  My view was , ` Everything you wear has to fit well , ' " Poku said . "  But when I went to Macy 's , things were not made to fit as I wanted , so I 'd buy clothes and made them to fit like I wanted them to fit . " In the month before the competition , he stayed awake for days at a time to finish the collection . In the home he shares with his girlfriend , an aspiring opera singer , he pieced together 12 fall menswear runway looks -- eight for the semifinal and four more in case he advanced to Saturday night 's final . Poku said he does n't want to start his own label or become a "  Project Runway " - style celeb just yet . For now , his goal is to find an apprenticeship with an established menswear designer or contract sewer . "  I just want to give it a try and see what happens , " he said in an interview last week in a home studio littered with spools of thread and bags of fabric . "  Even if I do n't win , I feel like just being there will help me find what I need to advance to the next level . " In Charleston , he knew he 'd have the eyes of an appreciative local community , as well as some established designers from the upper echelons of high fashion . Christian Siriano already has a foothold in the industry . Celebrities such as Sarah Jessica Parker , Rihanna and Heidi Klum wear his gowns on the red carpet . He has a flagship store in New York and an eponymous line sold in Neiman Marcus and boutiques around the world . Still , he had a full schedule this week in Charleston . "  We look at it as a business opportunity to find new customers and form new relationships with retailers , " said Siriano , the youngest designer to win "  Project Runway " or land on Crain 's 40 Under 40 list . "  Who wants to alienate a customer who 's ready to shop ? " Siriano already showed his ballet-inspired Fall 2013 collection in New York and Paris , but he brought it to Charleston for a show Saturday . On Friday he participated in a trunk show hosted by a family-owned department store , Gwynn 's of Mount Pleasant , where he would like to see his clothes sold , he said . He also judged the emerging designer competition , along with Mallis and other industry insiders and entertainers : singer-songwriter Ashanti , designers Brandon Sun and Antonio Azzuolo and Hannah Goff , winner of the 2012 Charleston emerging designer competition . Cynthia Rowley judged the emerging designer competition in 2009 , when swimwear designer Marysia Reeves won . Since then , Reeves ' swimwear has been featured in publications including Vogue and WWD , and her collections have been picked up by Barneys New York , Anthropologie and other high-end boutiques around the world . "  Charleston has a sophisticated , fashion-savvy audience , so it 's just a matter of making my products more accessible to them , " said Rowley , who was in the city this week to visit her King Street store and promote her latest collection for Belk department stores . "  It 's also a great way for me to learn more about what 's happening in fashion in that part of the country . " The emerging designer competition final drew hundreds of people Saturday . The competition was tight , but ultimately the panel chose Poku as the winner , with Mallis describing his collection as "  something special . " He also won the audience favorite award , another $ 250 prize . Dozens of fans swarmed around him , making it hard for his sisters and girlfriend to reach him . As far as he was concerned , the win vindicated his efforts . "  It 's shown me I am meant for this , " he said of his win . "  This is my way in life . Any impact I 'll be able to make on the human race will be in this field . " Follow Emanuella Grinberg on Twitter CNN 's Stephanie Gallman contributed to this report .	Fashion weeks in smaller U.S. cities serve as training grounds for aspiring designers Charleston Fashion Week draws thousands of attendees Established designers attend Charleston Fashion Week to tap into new markets "  Not all designers are born and bred in New York , Paris , " says Fern Mallis
CNN  -- Four years ago , lobster fisherman Gary Nichols had never laid eyes on a lionfish , but today his traps are full of them . "  You 'll get two or three decent traps with lobster , but if you get four or five lionfish , the lobster do n't like it , " Nichols said . He says he catches so many lionfish now  up to 200 pounds every day  that he 's started to sell them . But where his lobsters sell for $ 16 per kilogram , lionfish only make him $ 12 . Lionfish are causing a huge strain on his business and the wider commercial fishing industry in Florida , devouring other fish populations -- in some cases reducing them by up to 90 % . According to the Florida 's Department for Environmental Protection , lionfish are native to the Indian and Pacific Oceans , but were accidentally introduced into Atlantic and Caribbean waters during the 1990s . With no natural predators in the Atlantic and an ability to reproduce year-round , their numbers have risen unabated in recent years . Not only are lionfish causing grief for lobster fishermen like Nichols , they are also threatening to upset the balance of the fragile reef ecosystem . "  What we 've found through stomach analysis and working with fish that have been collected is that they are consuming a wide variety of prey , " said Lad Akins , director of special projects for REEF , a marine conservation group . "  They are eating almost anything that fits in their mouth . The lionfish can probably consume in excess of half of its own body size . They can take quite large prey , " he added . Some of what they eat are commercially valuable species , says Akins , like juvenile grouper and snapper that the fishermen depend on . Ecologically important species like mudfish which graze on algae , stopping it growing over the reefs , are also being impacted , he says . "  I 'm an optimist but potential impacts of lionfish could result in major shifts in the ecology of our Caribbean and West Atlantic reef barriers , " Akins said . "  It could result in the extinction of some fish species . " In an effort to minimize their impact , REEF run a monthly contest , open to both businesses and individuals , awarding prizes to those who catch the most lionfish . It also run workshops educating divers about safe collection and removal techniques . The U.S. 's National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration has also joined the fight with a campaign that encourages people to eat lionfish . Its "  If we ca n't beat them , let 's eat them ! " slogan has been taken up by restaurants like the Fish House Encore in Key Largo . General manager Michelle Kosiek has been serving lionfish for the past 18 months . "  We 're putting it on the menu to try to get them off the reef and try to get people to actually like them and enjoy them , " Kosiek said . "  There is a little bit of fear factor eating them . But once they know that the flesh has no poison , they 're ok with it and want to try it . " By encouraging more people to eat lionfish , Kosiek hopes to entice fishermen to get them out of the ocean . Once cooked , the venomous spines are harmless and Peter Tselikis , chef at Field House Encore , says the response from customers has been very encouraging . "  In the beginning it was sort of more like a novelty . But those who tried it have spoken well of it , " Tselikis said . Nichols , who has spent over a quarter of a century fishing the waters off Florida , remains philosophical about the threat , speculating it could be cyclical and that nature usually finds a way to adapt . "  Maybe it 's just taking its time , " he said . "  But it 's really strange . I mean , having fished all my life , it 's just hard to believe that in a short space of time something like this can happen . "	Florida fisherman struggling to cope with an influx of lionfish in recent years Invasive species has no natural predators in Atlantic and Caribbean waters Lionfish could provoke major shifts in the ecology of the local reef system Campaigns to get more people to eat lionfish backed by NOAA
CNN  For nearly two decades , ubiquitous access to the Internet has been the elusive dream of technologists , policymakers and ordinary users . But today , the prospect of worldwide , always-on and high-speed  or close to it  Internet communications is in sight , and could become a reality within a decade . The Internet has become the essential communications medium of our time . For students , Internet access is as crucial as textbooks and blackboards . For workers , it 's hard to find a job , apply for public benefitsor participate in the global economy without basic connectivity . Creative solutions to problems such as how to provide efficient health care now assume users will be connected to the Internet , whether they 're in an underserved neighborhood in Detroit or a remote village in Brazil . That 's why achieving the goal of ubiquitous and affordable Internet access is more important than ever . In many cases , Internet access will grow naturally as increased demand and the economics of cheaper connectivity drive existing carriers and upstart providers to do more . But we also have to find new ways to deliver data . Rather than relying on a single technical breakthrough , we 'll need a combination of solutions , from mobile broadband and low-cost DIY infrastructure to far-out ideas such as drones and balloons . So , what 's on the menu ? Fiber investment and undersea cables : We can expect to see more projects like Google Fiber , which promises to deliver gigabit speeds at reasonable prices , and the construction of massive new undersea cables that dramatically increase the transmission capability of networks . Cheap smartphones and mobile data plans : These will soon expand the Internet 's footprint by billions of people , especially in parts of the world where wired networks have not been fully built out . Cognitive radio technologies : These tools can turn unused and "  junk " spectrum into wireless superhighways far more powerful than today 's Wi-Fi networks . Converted pay phones , weather balloons and drones : Engineers are looking at all of these as ways to bridge the "  last mile " gap in hard-to-reach areas . With new technology and better use of the airwaves , it may soon be possible to blanket a rural area with high-speed wireless connections or enable a school to provide fast Internet access to the surrounding community without digging up the streets . No matter the technology , a critical piece of this revolution will be the growth of community-driven infrastructure . Communities are increasingly defining and building the next generation of Internet deployment to promote access and affordability . Long before Google Fiber was deployed , Chattanooga , Tennessee , built a gigabit fiber network for city residents and businesses to spur economic development and civic engagement . New York and San Francisco may not compare favorably with Internet speeds in Asia and Europe , but cities like Chattanooga and Lafayette , Louisiana , which have invested in public broadband networks , are increasingly competitive . Communities from Berlin to Tunisia , Brooklyn and Detroit are also building and operating their own open source , wireless communications infrastructure , customized to meet local needs . Like the collectives that electrified rural areas of the United States in the 1900s , it is a local , bottom-up approach -- supported by policy frameworks promoting flexibility and grassroots innovation -- that will be the key path to 21st century Internet access . What 's more , these locally-controlled networks can improve governance , foster a greater sense of community inclusion and offer more secure communications and greater resilience in the event of disasters like Hurricane Sandy . Better public policies will expedite progress . So what should governments do ? Podcast : Make Internet everywhere a reality Incentivize investment , encourage better use of spectrum , and allow local community build-out : Sometimes , governments stand in the way . For example , 20 states in the United States have laws that unbelievably ban cities from investing in their own public networks , prompting the Federal Communications Commission to consider removing these barriers . During the 2015 State of the Union , President Obama also urged the FCC to do so as part of his broader initiative to promote high-speed broadband investment . Make more spectrum available for unlicensed and innovative uses that support super Wi-Fi and community networks : We need to more spectrum to support Americans ' ever-growing data consumption habit , but repurposing it all for exclusive use by cellphone carriers makes it harder for creative , local or unexpected solutions to connectivity challenges , which require access to the airwaves to succeed . Keep costs down to help promote adoption : Cost is a significant barrier to Internet adoption around the world -- not to mention here in the United States , where four out of five Americans who are n't online live below the poverty line -- which in turn slows down the virtuous cycle of infrastructure investment and innovation . Policies that encourage broadband competition can help bring down the cost of connectivity , which will be a boon to underserved areas . Anticipate new questions about free expression , governance , and individual choice : The next three billion netizens will come from widely varied political traditions . Their governments may have different ideas about the free flow of information or personal privacy . Clashes over Internet control have garnered attention in Thailand and Iran , but are also emerging around issues like hate speech and public safety from France to India . As the network grows , critical governance questions become ever more important . The ingredients for universal connectivity exist today . But success requires the right mix of strategic investment , political will and laws that make creative approaches and local solutions possible . The promise of an Internet for everyone wo n't be achieved by one genius , one company , or one policy initiative -- it will come from people and communities all over the world figuring out what works best for them , and knitting it all together .	Prospect of worldwide , always-on and high-speed  or close to it  Internet could become a reality Success requires the right mix of strategic investment , political will , and laws that make creative approaches
CNN  -- This week , just over 250 days since the U.S. Senate passed a bipartisan and inclusive bill to extend the landmark Violence Against Women Act  VAWA  , the Republican leadership in the House of Representatives allowed the clock to run out on protections that bill would have provided to millions of women across our country . It was an inexcusable failure by House Republican leaders and one that will have real-life implications for women who now find themselves with nowhere to turn for help . It was also another reminder , coming on the same day that House Republican leaders refused to pass aid to states ravaged by Superstorm Sandy , that these leaders continue to answer to the most radical elements of their party regardless of who or what is at stake . Since it was passed into law in 1994 , the Violence Against Women Act has provided life-saving assistance to millions of women and families across the nation . For battered women , the law has provided critical law enforcement protections and often a way out from a life of abuse . One reason the law has worked so well in protecting a broad group of women is that since its initial passage , every time Congress has reauthorized the bill , we have done so in a bipartisan way that extends the legislation 's many protections to new groups of women . News : Backers hope to revive Violence Against Women Act That was once again the case when the Senate took up the bill in 2012 . We listened to advocates , law enforcement officers , clergy members and -- most importantly -- from the survivors themselves to find out what needed to be done to improve VAWA . And in April the Senate passed a VAWA reauthorization by a vote of 68 to 31 , a rare bipartisan feat that included the support of 15 Republicans . Included in that bill were new protections granted to women who had been left out of previous versions of the bill . Specifically , the bill included increased protections for women on college campuses across the nation following the brutal 2010 murder of Yeardley Love at the University of Virginia . It included new law enforcement measures to safeguard women on tribal reservations , one in three of whom will be raped in their lifetimes . It included nondiscrimination language for those in the LGBT community who had been unfairly left out of previous bills . And it provided protections to immigrant women , regardless of their status , who are often scared into silence at the hands of their abusers . Opinion : Do n't gut Violence Against Women Act But for the leadership in the House of Representatives , passing a bill with life-saving protections to these new communities of women was simply not politically acceptable . So just weeks after the Senate passed our bill , in a purely ideological move , House Republicans passed a bill that specifically stripped the new protections for immigrants , the LGBT community and tribal women , and even removed protections that exist under current law . For me and for many of my women colleagues , as well as for mothers , sisters and daughters everywhere , the House Republican 's decision to pointedly discriminate against these groups of women was stunning . Surely , we should all be able to agree that where a person lives , their immigration status or who they love should not determine whether or not perpetrators of domestic violence toward them are brought to justice . Surely no police officer should ever have to ask the sexual orientation or immigration status of a woman who lies bruised and battered at the scene of a crime . Yet , the House bill drew those lines . Debate over act centers on the vulnerable So , over the course of the past nine months , I have joined with domestic violence advocates , fellow legislators and countless victims to call on House leaders to end the discrimination against these populations of women . On the Senate floor we have told the painful stories these women have shared of being scared for their own lives . In television appearances , these brave women have plead for the protections so many other women across the country enjoy . And most recently , every Democratic woman in the Senate wrote to the Republican women of the House of Representatives to appeal for their help in passing our bill . Opinion : Sadly , some do n't see it as rape Thankfully , in response to these many calls , one by one we heard from moderate Republican voices in the House who believed they should take up and pass the Senate bill . These members of Congress made clear that if House leadership would only bring up the bill for a vote it would pass the House and be sent to the president to become law . Yet , throughout the final weeks , days and hours of the last Congress , House Speaker John Boehner and House Majority Leader Eric Cantor refused to budge . Ignoring voices in their own party and the clear message sent by American women in the last election , they instead decided to side with the far right wing of their party by allowing the bill to expire . This political gamesmanship has taken a very real toll . Every moment the House continues to delay is another moment vulnerable women are left without protections they deserve . In the next Congress one of our absolute first priorities must be passing an inclusive and bipartisan bill to extend protections to the millions of new women included in the Senate bill . As a nation we can not accept further discrimination or delay from House Republican leaders . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Patty Murray .	Patty Murray : House GOP stalled renewal of Violence Against Women Act She says bill provided new protections for immigrants , LGBT Americans She says in partisan move , House then passed a bill stripping out new protections Murray : Some GOP in House say bill could pass if brought to vote . Women need House to act
CNN  -- For several months now , Filipinos have been treated to the spectacle of yet another impeachment trial aired on national television . Renato Corona , chief justice of the Supreme Court is in the dock , accused of illegally amassing cash and real estate as well as of "  partiality and subservience " to the previous president , Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo . In a country where politics has always been about scandal and spectacle , it 's showtime once again . In the past weeks , prosecutors at the trial have submitted evidence of posh apartments allegedly purchased by the chief justice as well as substantial amounts in his bank accounts . These , they said , were n't listed on his financial disclosures and their total value far exceed his legitimate earnings . If this sounds like an old script , it 's because it is . In 2001 , then president Joseph Estrada was impeached -- and later overthrown in a popular uprising -- for much the same reasons . And it all happened on national television . Cheered on by Manila 's rambunctious media and chattering classes , coalitions of both reform-minded and opportunistic politicians have since then attempted to restage the triumph by launching impeachment suits against a succession of high officials . These high-profile political dramas capture the public 's attention and raise awareness about malfeasance in high places . But are they the best way to fight corruption ? Is the "  sturm und drang " of political trials the most effective way of cleansing government ? The current president , Benigno Aquino III , seems to think so . As a legislator , he had backed Estrada 's impeachment and also the failed impeachment of Arroyo , whose family was hounded by accusations of corruption . As president , he vowed to bring Arroyo to trial . He has also supported the impeachment of the anti-corruption ombudsman . Now it 's the chief justice 's turn . Aquino came to office on an anti-corruption platform . His election slogan was "  daang matuwid " -- the straight path -- and his allies believe that powerful officials who obstruct that path must be forced out . In particular , they see the ombudsman and the chief justice , both Arroyo loyalists , as obstacles to the prosecution not only of the former president but of others they want to hold to account . But this strategy is not without political costs . If the chief justice is not impeached , then Aquino will have a sworn enemy in the country 's highest court . The Philippine Supreme Court is a powerful institution : it can block the implementation of laws and also obstruct legal action against corrupt officials . The long , drawn-out trial has already taken its toll . Legislation has been stalled as Congress focuses on the impeachment . And the bizarre , and sometimes comic , twists and turns of the chief justice 's trial has sucked up the public attention and shifted it away from the systemic reforms that are urgently needed . Meanwhile , largely away from the public gaze , some of Aquino 's Cabinet have been cleaning up . The Philippine Center for Investigative Journalism recently reported that the secretary of public works had overhauled the bidding procedures for road projects and had cut down the costs of some projects by over 30 % . In 2009 , the World Bank complained about "  systemic corruption and bid rigging " in Philippine public works projects . Now it seems that under-the-radar reforms are gaining ground ; there are signs that the collusive system that begot the legendary corruption in the country 's road projects is being dismantled . Tax revenues are also at a record high , thanks to two reform-minded officials who head the Bureau of Internal Revenue and the Bureau of Customs , which have traditionally been impregnable fortresses of graft . Tax collection has risen nearly 30 % , even without new taxes , the largest ever increase in 20 years . These developments provide reason for hope . They have also largely taken place outside the cockfighting arena of congressional or judicial politics . Political trials can be cathartic . They bring wrongdoers to justice . They also provide opportunities for civic education . But they have proven to be a riskier and less effective path for anti-corruption reform . After all , the ouster of the womanizing and boozing Estrada -- who built palatial mansions for his mistresses and received briefcases stashed with cash from illegal gambling operators -- paved the way for the rise to the presidency of Arroyo , who now stands charged with rigging her election and squandering public funds so she can stay in office . By casting the spotlight on the wrongdoing committed by individuals and focusing on the moral failures of one man or one woman , political trials blind citizens to the terrible truth : corruption is a cancer . Taking out a nasty tumor will not necessarily bring about a cure . Will the Supreme Court , for example , be transformed into an institution that is above reproach once it is purged of its unsympathetic and fallible chief justice ? Nearly 10 years ago , I wrote about how the weakness of check-and-balance mechanisms within the high tribunal and the porousness of the structures and procedures that govern the court allowed illicit approaches to justices . I found a network of brokers composed of well-connected individuals who act as intermediaries to some justices and offer to fix cases for a price . I do n't know that such porousness has since been plugged or that there will be a radical change if the current chief goes . But there will certainly be a court that 's friendlier to the president . Like cancer , corruption thrives on a system 's vulnerabilities . For too long , Filipinos have been complicit in corruption because that was the only way to get contracts and other benefits from government . Politicians were allowed to dip their snouts in the public trough as long as they granted favors to their constituents . Aquino was elected to office on the hope that he can change all that . His government is taking two paths to reform . The first is public trials . The second is the less trodden , less showy and less glamorous path of changing systems and procedures and depoliticizing the reform process . In the end , this path will be the more enduring . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sheila S. Coronel	The Philippines is currently gripped by public trial of chief justice of Supreme Court Country has long been used to scandal and spectacle in political sphere President Benigno Acquino was elected on an anti-corruption platform Changing political and legal system and procedures could be most effective way to reform
CNN  -- On Wednesday , Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer rightly vetoed the state bill that would have allowed businesses to deny service to gay people on religious grounds . I had a bet with a friend that she would n't sign it -- and wonder why it took her so long . She wo n't take a hit to the pocketbook -- she 's too savvy for that . In the days leading up to this , I put a sign in the window of my pizzeria that said : "  We reserve the right to refuse service to Arizona legislators . " The reaction was vastly and overwhelmingly positive , with only a few people telling me they would n't ever eat at my restaurant again . Mainly , we have received many , many messages of support ; phone calls , e-mails and texts , from people who live in Tucson , across the state and even from outside the United States . The sign is part of a tradition we have . When I moved into the supposedly cursed restaurant space on Broadway in Tucson , Arizona , 15 years ago , I found a box of letters -- the kind you put on a marquee sign out front . By the end of the day , I had a message on the sign . We 've been changing it every day since . I am often told people plan their routes to see what we have to say each day -- even if just for a chuckle . Sometimes we put up song lyrics , or a snarky comment about someone in the news , such as Anthony Weiner . One day we put up "  Free Pussy Riot . " Some people get their knickers in a twist about our messages , but we do it for ourselves as much as anything . Then I learned that the state Senate once again passed an appalling bill that attempted to save me from my fellow Arizonans . I thought , "  Oh no , not again . " If anything seemed ripe for parody , this was it . It was irresistible . I instantly typed a comment on my Facebook page , saying that the busybodies in the capital of Phoenix were not allowed to come in and sit at my table . Minutes later , one of my followers supplied the sign that so eloquently expressed my viewpoint . I laminated it , and by that afternoon it was on my doors . Since then , a lot of similar signs showed up in the windows of Tucson businesses saying "  We reserve the right to serve anybody . " Tucson is a little more liberal than Maricopa County and Phoenix : We 're a university town . People here just do n't care about things like that . At restaurants , we just serve you and smile . Arizona businesses have already been hurt by reactionary positions , such as our anti-immigration laws . The state has been boycotted before -- and it hurts because we depend a lot on tourism . Freedom or oppression ? That 's the question for Arizona 's SB1062 As well as hurting small businesses , plenty of large companies have reconsidered locating here , saying , "  We 'll take our dollars elsewhere . " One business owner , reacting to this legislation , even told me : "  Arizona is the American Uganda " -- where they put gay people in jail . We have so much poverty , terrible roads , some unbelievably bad schools -- and this bill is what our legislators wasted their time on . Many Americans think they know what living on the border is like . But Tucson was long a part of Mexico until the Gadsden Purchase in 1853 . Many of our old Indian , Mexican , Chinese and Anglo families here have histories that go back long before Arizona was even a territory of the United States . And as in much of the West , a live-and-let-live philosophy pervades our lives here in a real and tangible way . This century will be one of expanding civil rights for individuals . But Prohibition , Jim Crow , Indian schools -- where they tried to make Native American children abandon their identities -- and anti-Chinese immigration laws are not so far in the past that we can safely ignore them . They were wrong , just like discrimination against gay people is wrong . This legislation was ostensibly trying to protect religious freedom . A lot of Christian groups feel like they 're being persecuted by our culture , and that is really what underlies this bill . But if they feel like they 're being persecuted , they should try being gay for a little while . I can not condone discrimination against one group of people . Regardless of the kind intentions of the lawmakers to the north of Tucson that were trying to make sure I have freedom of religion , I already have it . This bill was gratuitous as well as ridiculous . I can already refuse service to anyone -- and that includes any one of those several dozen Arizonans who are n't representing my views in Phoenix . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Rocco DiGrazia .	Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer vetoed bill that would give businesses right to refuse to serve gays Rocco DiGrazia 's pizzeria sign : "  We reserve the right to refuse service to Arizona legislators " He says not long ago , blacks , Indians and Chinese were discriminated against in Arizona DiGrazia was sure Brewer would veto ; it would hurt Arizona businesses if it became law
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The U.S. Marine commander on Wednesday warned of a "  growing " insurgent threat in Afghanistan , but he said forces would have to be cut in Iraq to send more Marines to Afghanistan . Marines could be pulled from Iraq 's Anbar province , Gen. James Conway said Wednesday . "  To do more in Afghanistan , our Marines have got to see relief elsewhere , " said Gen. James Conway in a briefing for Pentagon reporters . Conway said the Corps ' two regimental combat teams -- about 10,000 Marines -- in Iraq 's Anbar province could be removed as there are only two or three insurgent attacks a day in what was once the hotbed of the Iraqi insurgency . The U.S.-led coalition is scheduled to hand over security control in Anbar to Iraqi troops next week . Despite the progress , Conway said , he does n't expect any decisions on troop withdrawals until Gen. David Petraeus -- the head of the U.S. military in Iraq -- makes his recommendations on troop deployment in Iraq to President Bush and Defense Secretary Robert Gates . There are more than 3,000 Marines in Afghanistan , and Conway said that the Marine Corps would be willing to help bolster the fight against the Taliban in that country . "  I think that a battalion of Marines in Afghanistan count for more than a battalion of Marines in Iraq , if you will , just in terms of the impact that they can have , " he said .	Marines in Iraq 's once-volatile Anbar province could leave , general says Anbar attacks down to a few a day , Gen. James Conway says Marines could have greater effect in Afghanistan , Conway says
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Pop singer and actress Christina Aguilera was detained early Tuesday "  to ensure her safety " after her rumored boyfriend was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence , authorities said . Aguilera , 30 , was a passenger in a car that was stopped about 2:45 a.m.  5:45 a.m. ET  in West Hollywood , the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department said in a news release . "  The driver , Matthew Rutler , was determined to be driving while under the influence of alcohol and arrested , " the release said . Aguilera was determined to be intoxicated , said Los Angeles County Sheriff 's spokesman Steve Whitmore . "  She was not capable of taking care of herself , " he told reporters , but said she was "  very cooperative , not belligerent in any way . " She was technically arrested on a public intoxication charge , Whitmore said , but "  there was never the intent to prosecute . " Such actions are routine in such instances -- when a driver is arrested and a passenger is determined to be intoxicated . Since Aguilera was not able to care for herself "  and no one was available to ensure her safety , Aguilera was taken into custody , " the statement said . The department "  stressed that she was not involved in any criminal activity . " Aguilera will have a record of the misdemeanor arrest , Whitmore said , and was booked , fingerprinted , put in a jail cell and monitored . However , she will not face charges , he said . "  The law specifically allows for no desire to prosecute . " Aguilera was released about 7:30 a.m.  10:30 a.m. ET  after passing a sobriety test , he said . Rutler 's bail was set at $ 5,000 , he said , not the $ 30,000 reported on the sheriff 's website . He said Rutler was in the process of bailing out of jail Tuesday morning . The car was pulled over after authorities noticed it "  driving erratically , " he said . Aguilera divorced Jordan Bratman earlier this year .	NEW : Aguilera was arrested , but authorities wo n't prosecute , spokesman says NEW : She was put in a jail cell to sober up overnight Aguilera 's rumored boyfriend was arrested on suspicion of DUI
CNN  -- France 's World Cup squad boycotted training on Sunday in protest at the decision to send home star striker Nicolas Anelka . In a bizarre twist , coach Raymond Domenech had to read out a statement from the team to explain their decision . "  All players without exception want to declare their opposition to FFF  French Football Federation  decision to exclude Nicolas Anelka , " he said . "  For its part , the FFF has at no time tried to protect the group . "  They made a decision without consulting all the players , only on the basis of the ` facts ' reported by the press . " "  Accordingly , and to mark their opposition to the highest level of French football , all players decided not to participate in the work-out . " Anelka sent home after Domenech row Despite their refusal to train , the players added that they would "  do everything individually and in a collective spirit so that France regains its honor against South Africa on Tuesday . " France must beat the hosts and hope the result of the other match in Group A between Mexico and Uruguay goes their way to have any chance of qualifying for the last 16 . Their hopes were dealt a near fatal blow by a 2-0 defeat to the Mexicans on Thursday , after which it emerged that Chelsea star Anelka and under fire coach Domenech had a massive row at halftime . Anelka was substituted but reports of his tirade against Domenech were picked up by the media , prompting the French Football Federation to take the decision to send him home on Saturday . Captain Patrice Evra was incensed by the leak , claiming there was a "  traitor " in the French camp . As the squad came on to the training ground at Knysna on Sunday , Domenech and Evra were still in discussion on the team bus . The pair eventually emerged , but Evra then became involved in a shouting match with fitness coach Robert Duverne , who reacted by angrily throwing down his official accreditation badge . The squad , who said they only turned out to greet fans , promptly walked off and were joined by Domenech on the bus , after which he emerged to read out the statement . To add to the chaos , a distraught France team director Jean-Louis Valentin publicly announced his resignation to the media . "  Ask the players , they do not want to involve themselves any more . It 's unacceptable , " he told AFP . "  They do n't want to train . It 's a scandal for the French , it 's a scandal for the federation and the French team . "  It is a shame . As for me , it 's over . I 'm leaving the federation . I 'm sickened and disgusted . " Mexico sink sorry France 2006 runners-up France have picked up just one point from their two games , a dull goalless draw with Uruguay . But it was the lackluster display against Mexico which provoked a storm of criticism , much of it directed at Domenech , who is standing down after the World Cup finals . Domenech , who is being replaced by Laurent Blanc , told the French Football Federation official website that Anelka could have stayed had he apologized for his halftime remarks . "  I had another chat with him  Anelka  the next day and I left open the possibility for him to apologise , something which he did not want to do , " he said . "  The decision to exclude him was the right one . He does not have the right to say such things . "	France squad boycott training on Sunday in protest at decision to send home Nicolas Anelka France coach Raymond Domenech forced to read out statement from squad Players say they will turn out against hosts South Africa in final Group A match
New Delhi , India  CNN  -- While the whistleblower website WikiLeaks is shaking up the United States and its diplomatic relations with the international community , India has got its own spate of "  audio leaks " which has gripped local media and the public . The controversy has hit top government officials , some of the nation 's wealthiest tycoons and the ` Oprah of India . ' Recordings of phone conversations between a lobbyist and prominent journalists , industrialists and politicians leaked in the past few weeks reveal that some of India 's most influential journalists served as power brokers for a deal that is considered one of India 's biggest scams ever . The "  2G scam , " as it is known in India , involves telecommunications minister A. Raja underselling mobile phone licenses in the world 's fastest growing mobile phone market . The leaked audio tapes recorded in 2009 reveal lobbyist Niira Radia asking senior journalists Barkha Dutt , group editor of leading news channel NDTV , and Vir Sanghvi , advisory editorial director of the Hindustan Times , to mediate with the ruling Congress party about cabinet posts . The tapes suggest Radia was lobbying for the continuation of Raja 's post as telecommunications minister after the 2009 elections and both journalists agreed to help . Indian auditors say this cost the country some $ 40 billion in lost revenues as the mobile phone licenses were sold at prices set in 2001 under Raja 's watch . Raja was forced to resign last month , but the 2G scam has put parliament in a logjam for the past two weeks as recriminations fly across party lines . While allegations of corruption are commonplace in India , revelations that some of India 's most influential journalists were involved have shocked the public . Dutt is known as the ` Oprah of India ' and Sanghvi is a widely-read columnist . "  It 's very , very disappointing . Neither of them is corrupt , nobody is saying they are corrupt . But corruption when it involves ethics is worse then taking money , " senior political journalist Tavleen Singh told CNN . Some 104 tapes have been leaked and are now widely available on the internet . The transcripts were first published in two Indian magazines , which sourced them to audio recordings submitted recently to the Supreme Court as part of the 2G scam . While the recordings feature many conversations , the focus has been on Radia 's multiple conversations with Dutt and Sanghvi . In one conversation , Dutt says to Radia , "  What do you want me to tell them  Congress Party  ? Tell me , I 'll talk to them . " In another recording , Sanghvi tells Radia he can offer a fully scripted and rehearsed TV interview for India 's wealthiest man Mukesh Ambani . Radia 's public relations firm represents Mukesh Ambani 's Reliance Industries and the Tata Group . "  When I started out as journalist in Delhi , the government had other ways of controlling the media . It used to be by giving free houses and other freebies like trips with the prime minister . Now they are controlling access . So if journalists cooperate , they are given exclusive access to information , VIP parties and this is most worrying , " Singh said . One of the recordings also features Radia 's conversation with the head of India 's largest conglomerate , Ratan Tata . Tata petitioned the Supreme Court on Monday to bar further dissemination of the tapes , contending the leakage has infringed upon his fundamental right to privacy . "  We have somewhat slipped into a morass of series of allegations ... unauthorized tapes flooding ... the media going crazy on alleging , convicting , executing ... literally character assassination ... stop this sort of Banana Republic kind of attack , " Tata said in a statement . While both Dutt and Sanghvi have not denied the authenticity of the recordings , they both maintain they were simply placating a source for news gathering purposes and believe they have done no wrong . In a Twitter post , Dutt said : "  Unless we only cover news based on bland press conferences , we have to talk to all sorts , good and bad , I think there is nothing wrong in stringing along a source for info ... I think EVERY journo has the right to engage a source , its NO CRIME ... as a matter of record , I never passed the message . But info sharing per se is not immoral in a fluid news situation . " Other senior journalists believe the Indian media is facing a crisis of credibility . "  The feedback I 'm getting is nobody trusts us journalists anymore , " Singh said . "  Barkha and Vir are very good friends of mine , I still continue to respect them . But I just wish they had said sorry and ended it there . India has 300 television channels , most of them in very rural areas . If this is happening in Delhi just look at the consequences lower down . "	Leaks of recordings among journalists , lobbyists and politicians have gripped India Centers around the ' 2G scam ' which cost the government an estimated $ 40 billion Controversy has embroiled the ` Oprah of India ' and a nationally known columnist Also ensnared Mukesh Ambani and Ratan Tata , two of the nation 's wealthiest men
