CNN  -- A family is grieving and a Michigan community is in shock after a 9-year-old boy was stabbed to death at a playground in his neighborhood this week . The shock felt in Kentwood , just outside of Grand Rapids , is as much over the sudden and senseless loss of Michael Conner Verkerke as it is over the circumstances of his death : The person accused of stabbing him was a 12-year-old he had just met at the playground . Conner was playing with three other children Monday "  when one of the children , for an unknown reason , pulled out a knife and repeatedly stabbed one of the other children , " a Kentwood Police Department statement said . Police say the attacker is 12-year-old Jamarion Lawhorn . A motive , if there is one , is unknown at this point , as the boys were not acquainted , according to Kent County Prosecutor Chris Becker . Lawhorn was charged Tuesday with murder . Though he 'll be tried in a juvenile court , it will be as an adult , according to Becker , who added that his office has not yet decided whether the murder charges will be first or second degree . Charles Boekeloo , Lawhorn 's court-appointed attorney , said he met his client for the first time at his arraignment Tuesday but had no further comment . Boekeloo entered a not guilty plea on the youth 's behalf . Police said that after he was stabbed , Conner managed to run back home before he collapsed on the porch . An ambulance rushed him to a hospital , where he died Monday night . Lawhorn , meanwhile , "  left the playground then went to a nearby residence where he asked to use the phone , " Kentwood Chief of Police Thomas Hillen said . "  I thought he was calling for his parents to come pick him up , " homeowner Glen Stacy told CNN . He was n't . "  He called 911 , " he said . Stacy described Lawhorn as "  calm and collected " throughout , and that he told the 911 dispatcher , "  Hi , I just stabbed someone , please pick me up and come kill me , I want to end my life . " The boy then calmly handed back the phone with the operator still on the line , according to Stacy , and they waited for police to arrive . "  At no point did I feel threatened , " he said . Stacy said that when the first officers arrived on the scene , they ran toward the playground , which was in the opposite direction . That prompted Lawhorn to raise his voice for the first time , according to Stacy . "  Hey ! I 'm over here ! " Stacy said he shouted . "  Let 's do this . I 'm ready , " he said as he walked toward them with his hands on his head , Stacy said . A competency hearing will be held soon , according to police , but Becker has already predicted an outcome : "  My gut tells me they will go for an insanity plea , " he said . One expert said that based on the circumstances and violent nature of the act , it would appear Lawhorn -- who turned 12 in March -- suffers from mental illness . "  The instrument in this case says something about his state of mind , " said Dr. Charles Williams , a child psychotherapist at Drexel University in Philadelphia . "  It 's easy to pick up a gun and shoot someone , but to stab someone repeatedly with a knife -- that 's a very personal and very angry act from a psychological standpoint . " In Kentwood , a GoFundMe page was established Tuesday to pay for Conner 's funeral . By Wednesday evening , 166 people donated more than $ 7,000 for the cause . Lawhorn is being held at the Kent County Detention Center . A preliminary hearing has been scheduled for August 13 . Girl charged in Slenderman stabbing deemed incompetent Suspect in stabbing of 2 children in Brooklyn elevator pleads not guilty Police : Girl , 14 , stabs sister 40 times because she felt unappreciated Two adopted brothers found dead ; oldest brother arrested Boy , 12 , pleads not guilty to killing younger sister CNN 's Marlena Baldacci contributed to this report .	A 12-year-old boy has been charged with murder in the Michigan stabbing death Prosecutor says he does n't have a motive ; the boys did n't know each other Police say the 12-year-old ran from the park after the stabbing and called 911 Expert describes the repeated stabbing as "  a very personal and very angry act "
Washington  CNN  Finally , something went right for the United States in the Middle East . Relief is palpable in Washington over the well-planned and seamlessly executed transfer of Saudi Arabia 's throne to King Salman bin Abdulaziz , 79 , following the death of his 90-year-old half brother King Abdullah . The kingdom , despite signaling rare public dissent with the Obama administration over Iran and the Arab Spring , is a fulcrum of U.S. diplomacy in a region where Washington is struggling to adapt to dissolving national borders , chaotic change and sectarian carnage . Never mind that the U.S. is the world 's foremost democracy and the transfer of power in Saudi Arabia was from one autocrat to the next . Saudi Arabia is crucial to U.S. goals on counter-terrorism , the campaign against ISIS and Al-Qaeda , the free flow of energy that sustains the global economy , as a counter-balance to Iran and as a sponsor of the long frustrated quest for peace between Israel and the Palestinians . In a sign of the kingdom 's importance to the United States , President Barack Obama made hurried plans to call in Saudi Arabia on Tuesday after his trip to India to pay his respects to Abdullah and his family and to meet with King Salman . Originally , Vice President Joe Biden was to have made the trip . The message from Washington is clearly : Long live the new king . The regal choreography in Riyadh is especially welcome to the White House as it contrasts with events just across the border in Yemen , another key ally where a US-backed government crucial to its anti-terror campaign has just been toppled to rebels supported by Iran . James B. Smith , who served as U.S. ambassador to Saudi Arabia between 2009 and 2013 , said there should be no concern in the administration that Salman 's ascension will jeopardize U.S. relations with the deeply conservative kingdom . Lines of succession "  We know Salman well , he was governor of Riyadh for the better part of 50 years , he is well known to the US government . I see no break in the U.S.-Saudi relationship , " Smith said . Salman vowed just hours after the death of Abdullah , that the kingdom "  would continue adhering to the correct policies which Saudi Arabia has followed since its establishment . " State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said that the allies had a "  long history of cooperation . We do n't have any indication that that cooperation will change . " Saudi watchers in Washington were impressed and reassured by the line of succession outlined by Salman in an apparent effort to solve a dynastic riddle and send a signal of continuity to the outside world . He named Prince Mohammed bin Nayef , one of scores of posssible candidates , as deputy crown prince , a move which puts him second in line to the throne and establishes a future transfer of power from the sons of the founder of Saudi Arabia , King Abdulaziz Ibn Saud , who have ruled the country since the 1950s , to a new generation . "  I think for the near term , continuity is going to be the centerpiece here , " said Daniel Benjamin , a former coordinator for counter-terrorism at the State Department , now at Dartmouth College , told CNN . "  There is now a member of the generation of the grandchildren who is second in line , he is a very close friend of the United States ... so I think there is a lot of hope the relationship will stay on an even keel . " Prince Mohammed , now behind the King 's brother Prince Muqrin , 69 , in the line of succession , is a frequent visitor to the United States and has presided over Saudi Arabia 's anti-terrorism program . He narrowly escaped an assassination bid by Al-Qaeda in 2009 . The succession plan was viewed as particularly important following unconfirmed reports that Salman has been in ill health himself , apparently having suffered a stroke . Tom Donilon , pointman for US relations with Saudi Arabia when he was Obama 's National Security Advisor , praised Abdullah as a "  solid " ally who had ensured two decades of stability in the kingdom . He also said that the late King 's survivors had done a "  pretty effective job of indicating stability with a quick annoncement with repect to succession , continuity of policy . " He told "  The Lead " with CNN 's Jake Tapper that Mohammad , known as MBN in the United States was "  a very , very competent person who is essential in terms of our joint efforts to combat terrorists . " Periods of tension Though there is relief at the apparent stability in Riyadh , relations between the United States and Saudi Arabia in recent years have have often been troubled . There was a tense period a decade ago , after it emerged that 15 of the 19 hijackers involved in the September 11 attacks originated from Saudi Arabia . Critics , including some in the U.S. government , faulted Saudis for backing jihadists movements throughout the region for geopolitical reasons . The Saudi government has also balked at U.S. criticisms of its human rights record and political system . Questions about Iran More recently , Saudi Arabia , the key Sunni power in the Middle East , has not hesitated to make clear its concern about Obama 's quest to improve relations with its mighty Shia foe Iran , with which it is fighting various proxy struggles . Saudi leaders were dismayed to learn about a secret backchannel of talks between the administration and Iran which built on the election of "  moderate " Iranian President Hassan Rouhani in 2013 to launch an effort at rapprochment between Tehran and Washington . ' "  I think that the concern remains among the Saudi leadership about an agreement that is going to be at their expense , " said David Ottaway , an author on Saudi Arabia and senior scholar at the Wilson Center . Some analysts believe that the Saudi government could react to what it would see as a bad nuclear deal between world powers and Iran -- which left the Islamic Republic with some capacity to enrich uranium or produce plutonium -- by looking to find its own nuclear capability -- perhaps with assistance from Pakistan . Saudi princes took to the op-ed pages of US newspapers in 2013 in a highly unusual move to complain that a nuclear deal was a "  dangerous gamble . " The Saudi government also made clear its deep anger with Obama 's last-minute decision not to launch planned air strikes on Syria to punish the Bashar al-Assad regime 's use of chemical weapons the same year . Saudi Arabia has also been frustrated at how long it has taken the United States to begin training opposition fighters in Syria . Anger at Obama comments on the Arab Spring The Saudi government also registered anger at the Obama administration 's embrace of Arab Spring uprisings , which led to the ouster of allies like Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak . Obama appeared to make an oblique reference to those differences in a statement honoring Abdullah on Thursday as a "  steadfast and passionate " believer in US-Saudi relations as a force for stability . "  As a leader , he was always candid and had the courage of his convictions , " Obama wrote . In recent years , the Obama administration has attempted to assuage Saudi fears . The US president made a visit to Riyadh last year , on a trip that was widely seen as an attempt to mend fences . Saudi Arabian pilots , reportedly including one of Salman 's sons , Prince Khaled , helped carry out the first air attacks on ISIS in Syria last year . Saudi Arabia also approved of Secretary of State John Kerry 's exhaustive but ultimately futile efforts to keep Israel and the Palestinians talking . And White House spokesman Josh Earnest said that an underpinning of those efforts , an Arab Peace Plan framed by Abdullah would stand as his lasting memorial . Smith said that the relationship between Riyadh and Washington was now better than it had been earlier in the administration . "  A key element of our relationship with the Saudis over the years has been transparency , not always in public but we have done a good job in talking to each other , " he said . "  When you leave your allies out of the conversation and they do n't understand your negotiating position or do n't understand how you are going to enforce an agreement . they are left to their own conclusions . "  I think we are doing a lot better at that . "	US relieved at succession plan roll-out after King Abdullah 's death Saudi Arabia a key anti-terror ally in volatile region But tensions still simmer with Riyadh over Iran
CNN  -- An immigration judge with the U.S. Justice Department has granted a stay to John Demjanjuk , the Nazi war crimes suspect who had been ordered deported to Germany , his lawyer said Friday . John Demjanjuk appears in court in Jerusalem in 1987 on charges of war crimes and crimes against humanity . John Broadley said the stay was ordered after Judge Wayne Iskra in Arlington , Virginia , decided to reopen deportation proceedings . "  In the four years since his deportation was ordered , his health has seriously deteriorated , " Broadley told CNN in a telephone interview . Broadley had argued that Sunday 's plan to send Demjanjuk to Germany , which has issued an arrest warrant for him , and putting him through the rigors of a trial there would be tantamount to torture . Demjanjuk -- a Ukrainian -- is accused of involvement during World War II in killings at a Nazi German death camp in Poland . He denies the allegations . The retired auto worker celebrated his 89th birthday Friday with his wife at their home in Cleveland . Broadley said Demjanjuk suffers from pre-leukemia , kidney problems , spinal problems and "  a couple of types of gout . " German authorities issued the warrant for Demjanjuk on March 10 , accusing him of being an accessory to 29,000 counts of murder as a guard at the Sobibor death camp from March to September 1943 . Demjanjuk says he fought in the Soviet army and later was a prisoner of war held by the Germans . Demjanjuk has been fighting charges of Nazi war crimes for well over two decades . He was extradited from the United States to Israel , where he was convicted in 1986 of being "  Ivan the Terrible , " a guard at the notorious Treblinka extermination camp . The conviction was overturned by Israeli courts on appeal and he returned to the United States . The United States filed new charges against him in 1999 , again alleging that he had been a concentration camp guard . A federal judge found in 2002 that Demjanjuk had been a guard at the Sobibor death camp , where a quarter of a million people were killed during World War II , and at two other concentration camps . Prosecutors argued that Demjanjuk concealed his history when he came to the United States in 1952 . He was stripped of U.S. citizenship and has been awaiting deportation since 2005 , despite fighting his case all the way to the Supreme Court . CNN 's Diana Magnay contributed to this report .	NEW : Judge reopens deportation hearings on accused former death camp guard NEW : John Demjanjuk 's attorney says client 's health "  has seriously deteriorated . " Demjanjuk , 89 , has been fighting charges of war crimes for more than two decades Germany accuses him of being accessory to 29,000 murders at Sobibor
CNN  -- Argentina 's unseeded Gisela Dulko caused an upset on Centre Court with a battling win over former champion Maria Sharapova . Gisela Dulko of Argentina celebrates beating Maria Sharapova of Russia at Wimbledon . The 24-year-old fought through the nerves to complete a 6-2 , 3-6 , 6-4 victory to seal her place in the third round and dump one of the biggest names in women 's tennis out of the championships . Though the Russian Sharapova , who won the grass-based grand slam in 2004 , was seeded 24 for Wimbledon due to her season blighted by a shoulder injury , the result was still an upset . The 24-year-old South American , who has reached the third round on three previous occasions at Wimbledon , now faces another Russian in her next match in the form of tenth seed Nadia Petrova who beat Dulko 's doubles partner Shahar Peer of Israel 6-3 , 6-2 to go through . "  It is the most important tournament in the world for me , " she said in a court side interview after the match . "  It 's been a great day and I feel really happy - I did n't play very good in one game and with players like Maria , you know she will take her chances . "  But in the third set I just kept on fighting - I was really nervous at the end and just wanted to finish the match as the winner - and now I 'm so happy . " The crowd at the British venue warmed to the plucky Argentinean as the game wore on , a factor that Dulko said helped her to victory : "  The crowd were fantastic with me and I 'm really grateful . " Elsewhere , Serena Williams powered to victory brushing aside Australia 's Jarmila Groth in a 6-2 , 6-1 win . The second seed American will meet either Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova of Russia or Italy 's Roberta Vinci in the third round . Progression was also ensured for Japan 's Ai Sugiyama with a 7-6  7/5  , 6-3 victory over Spanish qualifier Arantxa Parra Santonja . The 33-year-old Sugiyama , who is ranked 38 in the world , recorded her previous best at the event in a quarter final appearance in 2004 and will now face Slovakia 's Daniela Hantuchova who beat China 's Zheng Jie . Zheng failed to match her previous Wimbledon high of reaching the semifinals in 2008 falling to a 6-3 , 7-5 defeat . Meanwhile , in the other results from Day Three , eight seed Victoria Azarenka of Bulgaria thrashed Romania 's Ioana Raluca Olaru 6-0 , 6-0 . America 's Jill Craybas lost 6-3 ,6 -0 to Frances Virginie Razzano , while Slovakia 's Dominika Cibulkova triumphed 6-2 , 6-4 over Urzula Radwanska of Poland . India 's Saania Mirza went down 6-4 , 6-4 to Sorana Cirstea of Romania while the all-Russian battle of Elena Vesnina and Vera Dushevina , saw the former win 6-3 , 6-4 .	Unseeded Gisela Dulko beats former champion Maria Sharapova 6-2 , 3-6 , 6-4 The Argentinean will now meet Nadia Petrova in the third round The 24-year-old has reached the third round three times previously
CNN  -- In just a few short weeks , Rabbi Shmuley Boteach could wake up at his home in Englewood , New Jersey , with Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi camped a few feet from his front lawn . Gadhafi may be staying in a tent on the front lawn of a New Jersey house owned by the Libyan Mission . The authoritarian ruler of Libya is rumored to be planning to stay in an air-conditioned tent on the front lawn of a house owned by the Libyan Mission when he attends the U.N. General Assembly meeting in September . Members of the predominately Orthodox Jewish Englewood community are less than enthused about a visit from a leader who has made anti-Zionist statements in the past . The recent release of the convicted Lockerbie bomber to Libya has heightened the animosity . On Monday , Sen. Frank R. Lautenberg , D-New Jersey , called for the U.S. Department of State to restrict Gadhafi 's travel to the area around U.N. headquarters in New York City , saying in a letter to Secretary of State Hillary Clinton he "  was particularly concerned by news reports indicating that -LSB- Gadhafi -RSB- plans to stay in New Jersey , where the families of many Pan Am 103 victims reside . " A representative from the Libyan Mission in New York would not confirm Gadhafi will stay in Englewood , only that he is scheduled to come to New York . Gadhafi has a history of setting up his extensive tent when visiting other countries , including Russia and France . Media reports have said that his request to pitch his tent in Central Park had been denied , and the New Jersey property was a likely second choice . Boteach said he had previously been willing to approach Gadhafi 's rumored visit with an open mind , but he backtracked after the Lockerbie bomber 's release . "  Judging by his actions , he has n't changed one iota , " Boteach said . "  He loves terrorists and welcomes them as heroes and speaks with a forked tongue . As soon as he had the opportunity he lionized people who committed murderous acts . Gadhafi is a fraud . I do n't want him or his security team near my home . " Englewood Mayor Michael Wildes said he was not informed of plans to erect a tent on the property , and no special permissions were requested from the zoning department . Only through neighborhood residents and media coverage was he alerted to construction on the house that , according to Boteach , began around three months ago . The mayor said he was "  mortified as a Jew and embarrassed as an American that a financier of terrorism is on U.S. soil . -LSB- Gadhafi -RSB- is someone who has embraced terrorism and has not changed his spots . " Wildes said the Libyan Mission has "  not paid a nickel " on taxes for the property , and said he would only be "  willing to sit down with him if he brings a check to cover years of back taxes and overtime pay for the additional police forces needed for his stay , and apologizes to the Jewish residents and the Lockerbie victims ' families of New Jersey . " Boteach , in a piece posted Thursday on The Huffington Post , where he is a regular contributor , said the residence had been left "  derelict and neglected " for many years until the recent construction . In opposition to Gadhafi 's possible visit to Englewood , Boteach said he plans several steps , including legal action , which he said would be in response to construction workers knocking down his fence and cutting down his trees . "  My plan is to sue them , extract as much money as possible and use Libyan money for planting trees instead of buying bombs , " he wrote in another Huffington Post piece Monday . Boteach and Wildes also are planning a protest at the construction site on Sunday .	Gadhafi travels with air-conditioned tent which he stays in Rumored to be planning to pitch tent on front lawn of Libyan Mission house Members of mostly Orthodox Jewish Englewood are less than enthused Mayor "  embarrassed as an American that a financier of terrorism is on U.S. soil "
Hong Kong  CNN  Chinese President Xi Jinping and Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi are two dynamic leaders at the helm of the world 's two most populous nations . And one is particularly vocal about making his mark on history . When India successfully placed a spacecraft into orbit around Mars last year , Modi reveled in the moment . "  History has been created today , " he said . "  We have dared to reach out into the unknown and have achieved the near impossible . "  The success of our space program is a shining symbol of what we are capable of as a nation . " Soon after the galactic feat , he took to the stage at New York 's famous Madison Square Garden and received a welcome so rapturous that Jon Stewart called him "  America 's First Modi . " And all along , Modi has issued his call to "  Make in India , " encouraging companies all over the world to manufacture their products in India where there is a vast talent pool and low-cost production . While Modi 's India is out to put its economy on the fast track , China 's economy is slowing after over 25 years of breakneck growth . President Xi is managing the slowdown with efforts to boost domestic spending , while cracking down hard on corruption . And it 's been predicted that India could outpace China as the world 's fastest growing economy as soon as this year . So is the world 's largest democracy primed to overtake the world 's biggest single party state as the next economic miracle ? OPINION : What India can learn from China Not so fast , says China watcher and India Today correspondent Ananth Krishnan . "  China is still pulling away from India , " the Beijing-based reporter said . "  If India grows 7.5 % this year and China grows 7.4 % , I think it makes a good headline . But I think people should n't get carried away about what it means in terms of a gap between China and India . " China 's economy may be slowing down but India faces a longer list of economic challenges including higher unemployment , chronic inflation and an overwhelming lack of basic infrastructure . "  In terms of education , having access to different resources , and job creation , China has done well . It has progressed far better compared to India , " said Infosys China CEO Rangarajan R. Vellamore . "  Even though there is free movement across the country  in India  , the paradox is there are a lot of basic issues related to access to water and basic education . " In a recent budget , the Modi government announced plans to boost infrastructure spending as well as cut taxes on businesses among other initiatives to spur economic growth . But despite Modi 's big pro-business push , India simply ca n't size up against China 's raw economic might . "  After 30 years of dedicated efforts in building China into a manufacturing powerhouse , it would take a long time for India to build that kind of manufacturing capability , " said Haiyan Wang , Managing Partner of the China India Institute . "  It 's not just about lower labor costs . You have to have a complex industry cluster of supply chains . You have to have the knowledge . You have to have the skills . You have to be connected to the international market , " she said . "  So when you ask if India could compete with China , I do n't think that is going to be happening -- not in the next 20 years . " The Indian elephant may be charging ahead , but the sinewy dragon has the muscle to stay ahead . China has the capacity , the connectivity , and the capital to throw its weight around . And being a single party state with no free elections , Xi can march toward a long-term goal without fretting about the next election . But that 's not to say the autocracy has the advantage on all fronts , especially when it comes to winning hearts and minds in the region . "  Even if China is putting money into the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank  AIIB  and the Silk Road fund , it is also building airstrips on reclaimed islands on the South China Sea , " said Krishnan . "  There no question that India 's rise is far less threatening than China 's rise . " With the 1962 border dispute still vividly remembered by many in India , the impression of China as a threat stands in the way of further economic integration between the two countries . "  If you look at India 's seven northeastern states , which are probably in the most dire need of infrastructure , it 's inconceivable for any of those states to allow a Chinese company to come and build roads , " said Krishnan . So when Modi touches down in Beijing next month for his second meeting with Xi , can both leaders cast aside areas of political tension to get down to business ? "  As pragmatic as President Xi is , as pragmatic as Prime Minister Modi is , economic integration is going to happen regardless of 100 % trust or not , " said Haiyan Wang . Eased by the pragmatism of two ambitious leaders , the elephant and the dragon could together leap at the opportunity for a strong economic alliance . "  If these two countries come together , 40 % of the world 's people are going to be prosperous , " said Vellamore . "  If they are able to come together , there can be a new kind of world order in the entire region which is going to benefit all of Asia . " It 's a moment for both leaders to make a lasting mark on history .	India predicted to outpace China as as world 's fastest-growing economy in next year China 's economy is slowing after over 25 years of breakneck growth But experts say India simply ca n't size up against China 's raw economic might
CNN  -- At some companies , the night before a multibillion-dollar stock offering might come with lavish parties and champagne . At Facebook , it will be work and Red Bull . According to a rundown from Facebook about the day leading up to Friday 's initial stock offering , staffers will be all-hands-on-deck for the company 's 31st "  hackathon " -- one of its all-night coding sessions that have become a Facebook tradition since the company 's earliest days . "  Although all-nighters have been a Facebook tradition since the beginning , we made hackathons official in 2007 , " the schedule says . It was provided to media due to intense interest in advance of the Wall Street debut . "  They are all-night coding sessions where employees focus on any project they choose , with only one rule : It has to be different from their day job . " Why Facebook wo n't start trading at the opening bell Life on planet Facebook No assignments are handed out , and the prize for participation is a T-shirt . The casual wear  which CEO Mark Zuckerberg still embraces even when meeting with the suits in New York  has become a bit of a status symbol there . If you 've collected 31 T-shirts , it means you 've been hacking for the company since the old days . Timeline : Mark Zuckerberg 's rise from child prodigy to Facebook billionaire Facebook Chat , the "  like " button and even an early version of Timeline were devised during previous hackathons . "  Of course , no Facebook event would be complete without food , so our culinary team will be providing snacks and meals throughout the night . We 'll also have some employees DJing inside and ample Red Bull , " the schedule says . Folks at Facebook 's Menlo Park , California , headquarters will meet in "  Hacker Square , " where the word "  HACK " is built into the cement . Employees at other locations will also be participating . Are you living without Facebook ? The hacker culture has long been engrained at Facebook , a multinational corporation that famously has roots in a Harvard dorm room . As TechCrunch notes , Zuckerberg even used Wall Streeet filing papers as an opportunity for a sort of pro-hacker manifesto . "  The word ` hacker ' has an unfairly negative connotation from being portrayed in the media as people who break into computers , " he wrote . "  In reality , hacking just means building something quickly or testing the boundaries of what can be done . Like most things , it can be used for good or bad , but the vast majority of hackers I 've met tend to be idealistic people who want to have a positive impact on the world . " Facebook 's new billionaires We 'll withhold judgment until we see what comes out of this 't was-the-night-before-IPO hackathon . It 's clear Facebook wants to stick to its roots , or to seem that way , even in the face of billions of dollars it 's likely to make on Friday .	At Facebook , all-night hacking will greet initial public offering of stock The company 's 31st "  hackathon " lets employees work on pet projects Facebook Chat and the "  like " button came from earlier hackathons
CNN  -- I 'm standing in the secret Amsterdam apartment where Anne Frank and her family spent two years hiding from Nazis during the Second World War . The place is a mess -- crumpled sheets cover the bed in the corner , pots and pans clutter the dinner table and stubbed-out cigarettes fill the ashtray . This is n't surprising given that the Frank family and four others hiding alongside them were dragged away by German security police just the night before . It 's an arrest I saw happen -- along with more than a thousand other people watching a spectacular new stage show that brings Frank 's time in hiding to life so vividly that some were moved to tears . The play , simply titled "  Anne , " is a major new production staged in a purpose-built theater on the outskirts of Amsterdam . It 's hoped the production -- which features lavishly designed sets that revolve and glide across a giant panoramic stage -- will bring the story of the young Jewish diarist to a new generation . No expense has been spared . Intensely realistic stage sets Two of Holland 's best known playwrights were commissioned to pen the new drama and a multimillion dollar budget spent on intensely realistic stage sets . "  The level of detail is crazy , " says Robin De Levita , the show 's Tony Ã ... ward-winning producer , as he takes me behind the scenes , where a life-sized Amsterdam apartment block is parked , ready to roll on stage . De Levita 's sets include the Franks ' original home , and a rotating replica of the annex where they hid from Nazi persecution between June 1942 and August 1944 . "  It 's really the only way you can experience exactly what went on in all those rooms and what the relationship was between all those rooms , " he says . There 's also a breathtaking and beautiful final scene in the snowy desolation of Bergen-Belsen , the concentration camp where Frank died at the age of 15 -- her childhood dreams snuffed out by the Holocaust . Standing ovations followed the play 's premiere in May , as did largely glowing reviews . It 's acted in Dutch , but subtitled and dubbed audio translations will be introduced in July , opening it up to international audiences . Its creators hope it will become a permanent fixture , attracting some of the visitors who line up for hours to see the original annex inside Amsterdam 's canal-side Anne Frank Museum . The new dramatization aims to present a more faithful image of the ambitious teenager -- whose rebellious nature and adolescent desires were originally edited out of her published diary . ` Glimpses of a life she never had ' Husband and wife co-authors Leon de Winter and Jessica Durlacher used Frank 's original writings to conjure scenes of a postwar dream life in Paris -- another stunning stage set . There Frank discusses her unpublished book with a handsome young publisher , who falls in love with her and joins us as we flashback to her time in hiding . "  It 's all inspired by Anne 's own writing , " says De Winter . "  It 's her dream to have this grand student bohemian life in Paris and London -- and to become famous and we used these remarks to see glimpses of a life she never had . " Despite its tough subject matter , there are a moments of levity , such as when Frank clashes with Fritz Pfeffer , a dentist who shared a room in the secret annex with Anne and her sister . The writers say they tried to strike a careful balance in showing respect for the memory of those involved while still producing an entertaining play . "  It 's almost like a tragic-comedy -- a very cruel sitcom , " says De Winter . "  But if the diary was not entertaining , we would not be talking about it right now . " ` Dreams and hopes ' Among those enjoying the show during one recent performance was Amber Nijmcen , a 21-year-old student from Amsterdam . "  It 's just such a big part of Dutch history , " she says . "  It happened just around the corner , and it 's important for us to know about it . "  For tourists something like this is good . They should be aware of what happened here -- and not just come to Amsterdam for the drugs . " In the play 's current cast , the role of Frank is taken by Rosa da Silva , a formidable 27-year-old actress who flits effortlessly between portrayals of childhood , adolescence and young adulthood . Not Jewish herself , she joined the rest of the cast on fact-finding trips to Auschwitz concentration camp and spoke with Jewish people who went into hiding like Anne . "  She was such a small girl and she had so many dreams and hopes , " she says . "  But because she was Jewish , those dreams were n't possible . " Da Silva says she recognized some of Frank 's determination in herself and a similar childhood ambition to succeed . "  And that 's the really big thing with Anne , a lot of people identify themselves with her , " she says . The Anne Frank Foundation , an educational charity that holds soon-to-expire copyright to the diary , commissioned the play in the hope of reaching out to a new generation almost 70 years after Frank died . De Levita says judging by the experience of showing the play to his own teenage son and his friends , it hits the mark . "  They 're watching themselves and they 're completely relating to all of this because they 're going through it right now : annoying parents , being trapped in the house , falling in love , sexuality . "  I promise you , any 14 - , 15 - or 16-year-old will go crazy over this . It will be a meaningful experience . And that 's what we have to achieve -- to find that audience . " "  Anne " is performed at the Theater Amsterdam , Danzigerkade 5/Westpoortnummer ; +31 88 123 2411 ; tickets from $ 48 Barry Neild is a freelance journalist based in London . He is a longtime contributor to CNN and other major international news organizations .	A new play about Anne Frank features stunningly realistic sets The play is staged in a purpose-built theater on the outskirts of Amsterdam Audiences have been moved to tears , and standing ovations The play is presented in Dutch , but subtitles or audio translations are scheduled to be introduced in July
CNN  -- Gadget fans waiting anxiously for the next iPhone to be released may be reaching the home stretch . Apple , which has made no official announcement , is planning a September 12 event at which the next generation of the iconic smartphone will presumably be announced , according to multiple reports . iMore , an Apple-oriented blog , was the first to report that "  sources who have proven accurate in the past " said the phone will be introduced at an event that day and released nine days later . Observers are calling it the iPhone 5 , although no name has been announced . Others , including The Wall Street Journal 's All Things D blog , followed with similar reports . Quoting anonymous sources at Apple , All Things D said an event is planned for the week of September 9 . The 12th would be a Wednesday , which follows with previous Apple events . A September release would be slightly ahead of Apple 's established one-iPhone-per-year pace . But the iPhone 4S took longer than usual , its October unveiling coming about 16 months after the iPhone 4 . A fall iPhone release has been considered a foregone conclusion by most observers for months . Speculation has focused on a handful of expected new features , including a slightly larger screen , a smaller dock connector and NFC technology that would make it easier for shoppers to make payments through their phones . iMore also says that the mythical "  iPad Mini " will be unveiled at the event . Speculation has increasingly ramped up that Apple , faced by competition from Amazon 's Kindle Fire and Google 's Nexus 7 tablets , is making a smaller version of the iPad . The move would fly in the face of statements made by the late Apple CEO Steve Jobs , who favored full-size tablets . But Apple faces unprecedented competition in the space and may argue that screen technology that would have made a smaller iPad impractical before is now available . On the smartphone front , Apple also faces a landscape that 's arguably more challenging than it 's seen in a while . The iPhone is still the most popular handset in the field , but the total number of phones running Google 's Android operating system has been greater for some time . And while competitors in the past have arguably spent the time between iPhone releases trying to catch up , many reviewers feel that several models among the current crop of Android phones have surpassed the 4S in terms of features and performance . Notably , the Samsung Galaxy S III has topped 10 million in sales in two months -- a number it took the Galaxy S II five months to hit . Reviewers have praised its bigger screen , sleek design and a set of new features . The iPhone 4S was , in some senses , a glorified update of the iPhone 4 , with its advances coming in new software features and improved camera and display . It outsold its predecessor , although with anticipation high for the looming iPhone 5 , sales have begun to flag . According to its recent earnings report , Apple shipped 26 million iPhones from April to June , which was less than the 28 million to 29 million that Wall Street analysts had predicted . It was a steep drop from the 35.1 million that the company sold in the previous quarter .	A September 12 event would be 11 months after iPhone 4S rolled out Apple has made no official announcement Some say a smaller "  iPad Mini " also could be announced Apple faces unprecedented phone competition , slipping sales
New York  CNN  -- Britain 's Prince William and Kate left flowers at one of the reflecting pools during their visit to the 9/11 Memorial and Museum Tuesday morning , both pausing to reflect as somber skies and pouring rain marked the occasion . A handwritten note placed with the flowers read : "  In sorrowful memory of those who died on 11th September and in admiration of the courage shown to rebuild . William and Catherine . " Their visit to the memorial was the first stop on the royal couple 's jam-packed third and final day in New York City . The Duke and Duchess spent roughly 30 minutes inside the museum , remarking on the "  survivors ' staircase " that was salvaged from the tower ruins . "  They had lots of questions and interest in how these stairs were used by hundreds of people on that day to escape , " said Joe Daniels , the museum 's president . Both also visited the "  In Memoriam " exhibition , which holds profiles of 9/11 victims , and a wall that bears 2,983 blue tiles -- one for each of the victims of the attacks in New York , the Pentagon and the Pennsylvania site where a hijacked plane crashed , plus the victims of the 1993 World Trade Center bombing . Before leaving the museum , Kate and William both signed an interactive electronic tablet , writing "  Catherine " and "  William " in script , which projected their signatures on a 60-foot wall in the museum 's Foundation Hall . "  It was a tremendous visit , and you could see in , really , both of their eyes , the sort of care and curiosity they had for the story of what happened and the people who died that day , " said Daniels . The museum was open to the public during their visit , though other museumgoers were kept at a distance . Echoing the excited crowds that greeted the pair at their arrival at the Carlyle Hotel Sunday evening , a dozen or so visitors awaited the couple 's arrival in the museum lobby , ready with their camera phones . Mary Failes of Virginia Beach , Virginia , was one of them . A longtime "  royal watcher " who held a "  baby shower " for Kate and hosted a viewing of Prince Charles and the late Princess Diana 's 1981 wedding at her home , had long planned to visit the 9/11 museum and just happened to be there the same day as William and Kate . "  It was just a coincidence -- meant to be ! " Failes said . Performance worthy of London 's West End The pair later then made their way to an event hosted by The Door and the CityKids Foundation , both arts-education and youth-development centers for disadvantaged youths in the West Village neighborhood of Manhattan . The two were treated to a dance , storytelling , and musical performance by people involved with both centers . William was seen tapping his feet to music that accompanied a hip-hop dance show . One performance by Steven Prescod , which told the story of how his father was incarcerated and how he faced his own possible jail term , impressed William so much that he offered to help bring the story to a mainstream audience . "  William said he wanted to help me put this together . He gave me his contact number and said to reach out to him , " said Prescod , 22 , of Brooklyn . He said the Duke and Duchess ' visit "  brought hope . " After the show , William he congratulated the group . "  That was incredible , guys . It was amazing and should be on in the West End , " referring to an area in London where several professional theaters are located . "  It nearly had me in tears , " he admitted . Following their visit , William and Kate attended a lunch reception at the NeueHouse , celebrating the British talent in creative industries based in New York . Guests in attendance included film producer Harvey Weinstein , actor Sir Patrick Stewart , J.Crew President Jenna Lyons , actress Archie Panjabi , and Downton Abbey producer Gareth Neame . William also paid a visit the Empire State Building Tuesday afternoon , accompanied by Mayor Bill de Blasio . The day 's earlier heavy rain subsided and William walked the entire perimeter of the observation deck of the famous 86-story landmark , stopping to point out other landmarks and sights . Red , white , and blue lights had been adorning the top of the building in honor of the Royal visit . On Tuesday night , the Duke and Duchess attended a benefit dinner celebrating the 600th anniversary of the University of St. Andrews in Scotland , held at the Metropolitan Museum of Art . Crowds of onlookers lined up three deep to watch the couple exit their car on the corner of 82nd Street and Fifth Avenue . After the royal pair ascended the steps to the museum , they were greeted by a group of eight recent St. Andrews alumni , who were dressed in the traditional red robes worn at the college . Kate made a gesture suggesting she remembered the robes from her time at school . Kate wore a Jenny Packham dress that she has worn to several other galas before . William wore a classic black tuxedo . Excitement in the street William and Kate arrived in New York City Sunday evening for their three-day trip -- their first visit to the Big Apple . Reporting from New York Monday morning , CNN royal correspondent Max Foster said Kate was the star of the show . Screams greeted the Duchess of Cambridge when she arrived at a children 's craft group in Harlem , greeted by the first lady of New York City , Chirlane McCray , amid tight security . Meanwhile , William jetted down to Washington for a quick visit with President Obama at the White House . The visit underscored "  the special relationship " between the United States and the United Kingdom , the White House said . Basketball , Jay Z and Beyonce After speaking at a session of the World Bank about the need for an international effort to stop illegal wildlife trading , William jetted back to NYC , on a flight whose passengers also included CNN 's Anderson Cooper . The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge also chatted with Hillary and Chelsea Clinton at a Royal Foundation reception Monday evening and even met Jay Z , Beyonce and King James -- also known as basketball star LeBron James -- at a basketball game at the Barclays Center in Brooklyn . They also got a look at American-style protest as demonstrators marched outside Barclays Center in Brooklyn to show their anger about the lack of an indictment in the Eric Garner chokehold death . CNN 's Mariano Castillo , Ralph Ellis and Faith Karimi contributed to this report .	NEW : Royal couple attends a gala at the Metropolitan Museum of Art Tuesday was the final day in the royal couple 's visit to the Big Apple They paid their respects at the 9/11 Memorial and Museum The pair also were treated to a performance hosted by centers for disadvantaged youth
CNN  -- There are fears of Russians and it is October , but it 's not a Tom Clancy novel . It is a case of international naval intrigue off the Swedish coast that brings back memories of the Cold War . The Swedish military on Monday intensified a search in the ocean off Stockholm for an underwater mystery vessel , but stopped short of calling it a submarine . Civilian vessels were ordered to stay at least six miles  about 10 kilometers  away from the Swedish warship conducting the search , the English-language website The Local reported . The search began Thursday after Swedish intelligence picked up an emergency radio call in Russian , reported The Local , citing the Swedish newspaper Svenska Dagbladet . The radio transmissions were being sent to the Russian enclave of Kaliningrad , 330 miles  530 kilometers  south of Stockholm on the Baltic 's southern shore , according to The Local report . There were also reports that a foreign vessel was spotted in the waters near Stockholm . Russia on Sunday denied it has any vessel in Swedish waters . Moscow suggested the vessel may belong to the Netherlands and have been involved in naval exercises off Sweden , according to a report from Russia 's Itar-TASS news agency . The Dutch were quick to respond , saying a sub involved in the exercises was anchored in Tallinn harbor of NATO-ally Estonia for the weekend , according to a report from Agence France-Presse . ` We have good stamina ' On Monday , the Swedish military vowed to continue searching at least for the next few days , according to The Local . "  We have good stamina , " The Local quoted defense spokesman Dag Enander . "  We 're using the sensors we have and are searching both from land and water , " Enander was quoted as saying . To confuse matters even more , the Swedish military said Monday that it purposely provided incorrect information on Sunday about where the mystery vessel was sighted to keep the search area secure . U.S. officials told CNN there are no U.S. submarines or surface ships in the immediate area . U.S. intelligence does n't know of any Russian assets in that area , the officials said . All the activity begs the question , why would a Russian sub need to snoop around in Swedish waters anyway ? Johan Wiktorin of the Swedish Royal Academy of War Sciences gave three possibilities to The Local : "  They could be mapping the waters in order to be able to navigate them in the event of hostilities , " Wiktorin is quoted as saying . "  They could also be installing equipment , like sensors , that could track or get an observation of our units in that area , " he goes on . "  Or they could also possibly reconnoiter our  defense  systems . " Russian military around the world Whether there is a Russian sub in Swedish waters or not , there is no question that Russian forces have been active in the Baltic and around the globe this year . In fact , the Swedish military said Sunday that it has monitored suspicious activity for several years , according to another report in The Local . In July , a U.S. Air Force reconnaissance plane fled into Swedish airspace after the Russians took the unusual action of beginning to track it with land-based radar . The Russians then sent at least one fighter jet into the sky to intercept the U.S. aircraft . And on April 23 , a Russian Su-27 Flanker fighter jet buzzed within 100 feet of the nose of a U.S. Air Force RC-135U reconnaissance plane over the Sea of Okhotsk between Russia and Japan , a Defense Department official said . Also on April 23 , Dutch fighter jets scrambled to intercept a pair of Russian Tu-95 Bear bombers that entered a half-mile into Netherlands airspace . On June 4 , according to U.S. defense officials , four long-range Russian Tu-95 bombers , accompanied by an aerial refueling tanker , flew into the U.S. Air Defense Identification Zone , an area extending 200 miles  320 kilometers  from the North American coast , off Alaska , where they were intercepted by U.S. F-22 fighter jets . Two of the Russian bombers peeled off and headed west , while the other two flew south and were identified by U.S. F-15 fighters within 50 miles of the California coast . And last month , two Alaskan-based U.S. Air Force F-22 fighter jets intercepted two Russian IL-78 refueling tankers , two Russian MiG-31 fighter jets and two Russian Bear long-range bombers , according to Capt. Jeff Davis of the North American Aerospace Defense Command . More than six hours later , two Canadian CF-18 fighter jets intercepted two Russian bombers in the Beaufort Sea , Davis said . Those Russian planes came within about 40 nautical miles of the Canadian coastline , he said . Earlier this year , a top U.S. Air Force general said Russia was stepping up its military activities in the Asia-Pacific region as tensions increased over Ukraine and Russia 's move into Crimea .	Emergency radio call picked up by Swedish military , report says Radio transmissions sent to Russian enclave on Baltic Sea , report says Russia denies any vessel in Swedish waters Russian military has been active around world this year
CNN  -- The National Commission on Fiscal Responsibility and Reform did not go far enough when it proposed the repeal of certain provisions of the mortgage interest deduction . The deduction for mortgage interest should be repealed in its entirety . Most people know that owning a home comes with tax advantages such as the deduction for mortgage interest , but they do n't know how much of an anomaly that is . Most personal , family or living expenses are not tax deductible . They are the result of choices . Your decisions on what to wear to work or whether to pay cash or credit are your personal choices . You do n't get a tax deduction . That 's why rent is not deductible , even though roughly one-third of Americans are renters -- which includes the majority of blacks and Latinos . Where you live is considered to be the result of a personal choice . The deduction for mortgage interest is a huge exception to the general rule , because what could be more personal than the decision to buy a home ? In 1986 , an exception was made for home mortgage interest as a way to "  encourage homeownership . " That 's the good news for homeowners . The bad news for renters is that the 2010 estimated revenue loss of the tax subsidy for homeownership is greater than $ 200 billion . By comparison , the entire Housing and Urban Development budget is less than $ 50 billion . That is a pretty high price to pay to "  encourage homeownership . " But as long as it actually encourages people to buy homes , it could be money well spent . Yet economists generally believe that the mortgage interest deduction does virtually nothing to encourage people to buy homes . During the past 40 years , while tax rates have changed dramatically  making the value of the tax benefits fluctuate  , the homeownership rate has been quite stable . The biggest increase in homeownership rates happened after World War II and came after innovations in mortgage financing . That does not mean that homeowners are n't aware of the tax break when they buy a house . In fact , they are paying for the tax subsidy when they buy their homes , because the mortgage interest deduction is built into the price . But homeowners do not decide to buy a house because of the tax break . Research shows that the tax deduction simply rewards behavior -- buying a home -- that was going to happen anyway . The tax subsidy does encourage the purchase of bigger and more expensive homes ; tax dollars are subsidizing McMansions . The American people are getting nothing good for their $ 200 billion subsidy . In order to benefit from the mortgage interest deduction , homeowners must itemize deductions and not take the standard deduction . President Bush 's Tax Reform Commission documented that only 54 percent of those with mortgages benefit from the mortgage interest deduction . That means 46 percent of homeowners have paid for the benefit of the mortgage interest deduction when they bought their house but do not receive any tax benefits . So most low-income homeowners are paying for a tax benefit that only a few will receive . The overwhelming majority of homeowners whose household income is $ 40,000 or less do not receive any tax benefit from mortgage interest payments . Once income hits $ 50,000 , then the majority of homeowners do receive tax benefits . Clearly , tax benefits for the mortgage interest deduction are flowing to middle and upper income taxpayers . While the mortgage interest deduction may help people who are struggling to make ends meet , they are not the only ones struggling . According to a May 2010 Wall Street Journal article , the ranks of renters are increasing because of record foreclosures . Struggling or not , these new renters will not have a tax subsidy . Should we continue giving away a $ 200 billion subsidy every year to middle - and upper-income taxpayers to "  encourage " them to do what they were already going to do ? We simply can not afford it any longer . The American public must be convinced that repeal of the mortgage interest deduction is a first step in the larger goal toward creating a tax code that is fairer for all and treats renters and homeowners alike . We all have housing costs . Why should only some get a tax break ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dorothy Brown .	Dorothy Brown : It 's unusual to get a tax break for a personal choice such as buying a home Renting is not deductible , she says , even though about one-third of Americans are renters Brown : Tax break meant to "  encourage homeownership , " but people buy homes anyway Tax break is a $ 200 billion subsidy every year for those with higher incomes , she says
CNN  -- Getting the ax is hard . But it 's a lot harder with 1,000 of your co-workers listening in . One employee of Internet giant AOL was canned in a very public way because he apparently tried to take a photo of the boss during a mass conference call . AOL CEO Tim Armstrong was on a call about the future of Patch , the hyperlocal news websites he founded , when he noticed Patch 's creative director Abel Lenz and his camera . "  Abel -- put that camera down right now . Abel ! You 're fired . Out ! " Armstrong said , according to audio obtained by the media blog JimRomenesko.com . The call fell silent for five uncomfortable seconds . Then , Armstrong resumed business as usual . "  If , uh , you guys think that AOL has not been committed to Patch and wo n't stay committed to Patch , you 're wrong , " he said . Lenz later tweeted from a New York bar : "  No comment . " Incidentally , less than a minute before Lenz 's fatal snapshot , Armstrong said he did n't care if anyone leaked information about Patch . "  I also want to clear up the fact that leaking information or anything around Patch is n't going to bother me , " the CEO said . "  It does n't bother me , I 'm not changing direction . " AOL and Lenz have not responded to CNN 's request for comment . According to Business Insider , the call took place Friday amid news that AOL is slashing the number of Patch sites from 900 to 600 . While some employees were reportedly expecting to hear about layoffs , no one expected to hear a firing live during the call . Court : It was OK to fire ` irresistible ' worker	AOL CEO Tim Armstrong was on a conference call about Patch , the local news network "  Abel -- put that camera down right now . Abel ! You 're fired . Out ! " he tells an employee Abel Lenz , who was Patch 's creative director , later tweeted "  No comment " Business Insider : AOL is slashing the number of Patch sites from 900 to 600
CNN  -- Six-time Olympic champion Usain Bolt was beaten into second place by Justin Gatlin in the 100 meters at the Diamond League 's Rome meeting . The Jamaican , who won three sprint gold medals at the London Games , lost out to his American rival who clocked a time of 9.94 seconds . Bolt finished 0.01 secs behind . Bolt was making his first appearance in the competition this season after a hamstring injury kept him out of previous events in Qatar and Oregon . "  I got the perfect start that I wanted , then about five steps in I stumbled a little bit and that kind of threw my game off , " Bolt told the BBC . "  My legs did n't feel like my legs coming into the straight . It 's one of those things . I need to do more strength work , I guess . At least I got under 10 seconds . "  I think I just need time to get it back together , this season for some reason it goes right back to ground zero . I think the fact I got a good start threw me off , then I was all over the place and at the end it just was n't me . " Bolt enshrined his legacy as a sprint great when he successfully defended his 100m , 200m titles at the 2012 Olympics , as well as the 4x100m relay with his Jamaican team . He recently spoke of his desire to do the same at the Rio Games in 2016 , which he predicted will be his last appearance at the event . Gatlin , who served a four-year ban after testing positive for banned substances , was satisfied to beat the world record holder . "  It feels good , " he told the BBC . "  I put together my race strategy , and I 'm not really worried about who is in the race . "  Usain Bolt is a great competitor and great champion so to come out here and have a victory it just stands that I 'm having a good season . "  I just want to be confident and dominant when I run no matter what the time is . It 's not about 9.6 or 9.7 at this point in time it 's about putting on a great show for the fans . "  You can never count out Usain , he lost both races at his nationals last year and came back and was Olympic champion in both races . You just have to go in there with a great strategy and hope it works . "	Justin Gatlin beats Olympic champion Usain Bolt in the 100m in Rome American clocks 9.94 seconds while Bolt finished 0.01 secs behind Gatlin maintains his unbeaten record in this year 's Diamond League Bolt was making his first appearance this year after a hamstring injury
CNN  -- In the fall of 2011 , Jen Corn was the heaviest she had ever been . At 5 feet 6 inches , Corn weighed more than 300 pounds . Her mother and aunt had just offered to pay for her to have weight-loss surgery . But Corn knew the price tag was hefty : around $ 15,000 . "  I told them no , " said Corn , then 39 , recalling the exact moment . "  I felt like I was not worth that . " Her mom , Jean Corn , said the two older women knew something had to be done since diabetes runs in the family . "  We were just desperate , " Jean Corn said . "  We  also  knew her heart was n't going to be able to carry this weight forever . " Corn 's rejection of the offer devastated her family . But Corn had made up her mind to take matters into her own hands to lose the weight . "  If I was going to do this , I  was  going to do it the right way . I  was  going to do it the healthy way , and I  was  not going to rely on somebody else , " she said . In denial Corn 's weight problem had begun in high school in Woodstock , Georgia . She played sports , which helped her feel like she hid some of the weight , but she said she ate everything in sight . "  There were a lot of self-esteem issues growing up , which of course only added fuel to the fire to make it worse , " she said . She would n't address her weight with anybody . She got into fights with her mom about it ; at one point , she told her mom never to mention it again . She avoided shopping , scales and mirrors . "  As long as I did n't see it , it was n't true , " she said . In 2011 , she realized she could n't walk from her front door to her mailbox , a distance of 30 feet . "  I 'd get to the mailbox sounding like I smoked 12 packs a day , " she said , recalling how she complained about pain in her knees , back and feet . "  It was ridiculous . " She thought about joining Weight Watchers again . In 2008 , Corn had tried the program , an attempt that lasted six months . She had also failed at other diets -- Nutrisystem , the South Beach Diet and Sugar Busters among them . But this time , her resolve to get healthy was strong . ' A snowball effect ' Corn joined Weight Watchers shortly after the talk with her mom and aunt . This time around , her mind-set was different . She had made a commitment to herself to go to the meetings , pay attention and adhere to the plan . She had heard the plan would work if she followed it precisely . Shortly after joining the program , Corn saw something at the doctor 's office that would end up changing her life . She went to see the doctor about her foot hurting . A note written on her chart classified her as morbidly obese . Corn was not even sure what the term meant . "  He told me it was because I was heavy and offered me tips on what to do for my foot but not about how to lose weight , " she said . Corn persevered . She attended her weekly Saturday morning meetings without the dread she had in her 2008 attempt . Instead of focusing on her goal of losing 150 pounds , the Bradenton , Florida , resident attempted to achieve smaller goals like 5 , 10 and 25 pounds . The first six months of her weight-loss journey , Corn focused strictly on her diet . After she had lost about 40 pounds , she started walking the neighborhood in addition to using her treadmill at home . "  It was kind of like a snowball effect , " she said . "  I was losing more weight , which caused me to exercise more . " Corn also slowly overhauled her diet . "  Before I knew it , I was not eating as much food as I used to , " she said . "  It was a slow process , so my body had time to adjust to less food . " Her daily diet before had been filled with fast food , fried chicken and little vegetables . Now it 's all about high-protein and high-fiber foods , salads and healthy snacks . And , of course , lots of water throughout the day . "  I do allow myself a piece of chocolate here and there , some ice cream here and there , as long as I pre-arrange for it in my mind , " she said . "  I would feel deprived if I could n't have those , and then that 's usually when I go completely off the rails . " One step at a time Corn hit her goal weight of 163 pounds in March . Now , almost three years after the start of her journey , Corn weighs 161 pounds . She struggles every day , keeping healthy snacks around her at all times . She blogged about her weight-loss journey , which she refers to as her "  road trip . " "  To me , it 's not about being skinny , it 's about being healthy , " she said . Corn has a message for others facing their own weight problems . "  First , you do n't have to have a movie-star budget to do this , " she said . "  It wo n't be easy , but it 's your life you 're dealing with , and there 's nothing more precious on this earth than your own life . " An avid power walker , Corn walks five miles a day . Her goal is to walk a half-marathon in Sarasota , Florida , in March . Her self-confidence has also increased as a result of the "  new " her . "  I 'm still kind of shy , but I 'm not afraid to walk up to somebody and talk to them , as opposed to standing back and waiting for them to come talk to me , " she said . And her mother could n't be prouder . "  This was a person  who  , if I would have paid her $ 1,000 to step on a treadmill , she would n't have done it , " Jean Corn said . "  This is a person  who  does n't have a personal trainer ,  who  does n't have a chef ,  who  does n't have makeup artists . She is living proof that there is no gimmick , no magic pill ; it 's absolutely take one step at a time . "	Jen Corn weighed more than 300 pounds in the fall of 2011 She started watching her diet and power walking to lose weight Since she started her "  road trip , " Corn has lost 150 pounds
CNN  -- Kerry-Anne Walsh does n't mince her words . Australian politics is too "  blokey , " traditional media is "  dying , " and the press gallery "  is a beast that feeds on itself . " "  I think it 's got me into a lot of trouble , " the former political journalist says of her straight-talking style . "  But I think it 's something that 's needed more . There 's too much spin in the media . I 'm so allergic to spin . " For 25 years Walsh was one of Australia 's best known political commentators , working for Sydney newspaper the Sun-Herald , national magazine The Bulletin , and public broadcaster the ABC , among many others . She saw five prime ministers come and go in half a lifetime "  living and breathing " the Canberra press gallery . Then Julia Gillard , Australia 's first female prime minister , came to power and Walsh got so hacked off she left and wrote a book about it . It was n't Gillard , as much as her treatment by the media that infuriated Walsh . "  She was mercilessly and relentlessly lampooned for her hair , clothes , accent , her arse , even the way she walks and talks , " she says in book "  The Stalking of Julia Gillard . " Screen star Now the controversial account -- which became one of the country 's top-selling nonfiction books and provoked a backlash from some former colleagues -- is set to hit our screens , with Golden Globe-winning actor and fellow Aussie Rachel Griffiths playing Gillard . Walsh is pleased with the decision to cast Griffith , perhaps best known internationally for her role in HBO series "  Six Feet Under , " saying both women possess "  the same calm demeanor . " Producer Richard Keddie -- the man behind other Labor bio-dramas "  Hawke " and "  Curtin " -- will oversee the project , expected to be released in 2015 . Though it 's still undecided if it will take the form of a TV drama or feature film . Power play Gillard came to power in 2010 , replacing fellow Labor leader Kevin Rudd . Three years later , the party voted Rudd back in . "  The book is a fairly ` in-your-face ' account of Gillard 's leadership , " says Walsh . "  It focuses on how she was undermined by Rudd 's forces and the role the media played in it . " Why did she feel compelled to write it ? "  Because I got angry . Not just because of what was happening to her , but because I had given a quarter of a century of my life to trying to report as accurately and fairly as I could , and I was bloody appalled by the mind-set about her leadership , " says Walsh , who left the press gallery in 2009 . "  There were very few people in the media who were prepared to divert from the pack and scrutinize in an objective fashion -- which as journalists is what we 've been told to do on a daily basis . " Did the fact Gillard was a woman affect how she was portrayed by the media ? "  It had something to do with it , " says Walsh , speaking by phone from her home in Canberra , not far from the country 's Parliament House . "  I do believe we in Australia have a deeply ingrained ... how do I say this ? We 're just not ready for women in positions of power . " Young ambition Walsh grew up in Sydney , one of six children in an Irish-Catholic home , with a father who was involved in the Democratic Labor Party throughout the 1960s . Politics had always been a topic around the dinner table . But when Labor Prime Minister Gough Whitlam was dramatically dismissed by the Governor-General in 1975 -- the only time in Australia 's history this had ever happened -- it became a passion . "  You 'd have to have had your head under a rock not to be interested one way or another , " says Walsh , who dreamed of being a journalist for as long as she can remember . "  I went for a cadetship at what was then the Daily Mirror . And I was told by this bloke who was blowing cigarette smoke all over me that ` We do n't take convent girls , ' because I had come from a school run by nuns , ' " she said . After that , Walsh says she "  just sort of winged my through , " working as a copywriter , then for a trade union paper , before landing her first job at the Daily Telegraph , and becoming a familiar face in the Canberra press gallery . Life 's work "  Parliament house is a little city in itself , with around 3,000 people working there , " said Walsh . "  It 's a wild card on any given day -- you never know how politicians are going to be reacting to certain policies or events . So you have to be basically on-call 24/7 . It becomes your life . Even now I ca n't get out of the habit of staying up until all the current affairs shows are done and making sure you 're fully across everything . " Today , the mother of a 23-year-old son , who describes her age as "  not yet 60 , " still contributes the odd political commentary , volunteers with aboriginal-support groups , and is "  plotting her next book . " It 's perhaps fitting that her two dogs are called Les and Darcy -- after 19th century Australian boxer Les Darcy . She laughs when I point out the similarities with her own fighting words . "  I know the book did hit a lot of nerves , " she says . "  But I do hope it contributes to discussion about the way politicians and the media are responsible to the public . If it 's done that , then well and good . I 'll be bloody pleased . "	Meet Kerry-Anne Walsh , the straight-talking Aussie political journalist Wrote book on former PM Julia Gillard 's treatment by the media Now set to be turned into screen drama , starring Rachel Griffiths Walsh worked in Canberra press gallery 25 years , before quitting in 2009
CNN  -- The stunning assassinations of several key Syrian leaders and the outbreak of serious combat in Damascus last week momentarily held out the possibility that President Bashar al-Assad 's regime will rapidly fall . Many hoped for a cascade of defections , a rise in popular demonstrations and a rebel surge to bring down the government . Those hopes were exaggerated , fueled by a feverish rumor mill , psychological warfare and notoriously unreliable information coming out of Syria . While the regime has been shaken , its military capability stands as demonstrated by its bloody reassertion of control over Damascus . Along with the support of Russia , its determination to survive at any price could draw out the endgame . The assassinations struck at the heart of the security machine that sustains the regime , and they highlight the extent to which political and military tide has long since turned against al-Assad . The assassinations were more of an inflection than a turning point . Diplomatically isolated , financially strapped and increasingly constrained by a wide range of international sanctions , al-Assad 's regime has been left with little room to maneuver . It resorts to indiscriminate military force and uses shabiha gangs and propaganda to inflict terror . The government 's violence against peaceful protestors and innocent civilians has been manifestly self-defeating . Al-Assad has failed to kill his way to victory . Day by day , through accumulating mistakes , the regime is losing legitimacy and control of Syria and its people . Nonetheless , it 's premature to think the end is close . The opposition 's progress , reportedly with increasing external funding and training , has put greater pressure on al-Assad 's forces . But the opposition 's military success has exacerbated the fears of retribution attacks and a reign of chaos should the regime crumble . The much-maligned political efforts of U.N. special envoy Kofi Annan , backed by the United States , were meant to find a political solution that could prevent precisely such a deterioration of the situation on the ground . Now , even if al-Assad 's regime collapses , violence may prove difficult to contain given that the country is deeply polarized and awash in weapons . Al-Assad 's end could pave the way for an even more intense civil war . Making matters worse , the continuing fragmentation among the Syrian opposition groups raises deep fears about their ability to unite themselves or to establish authority . Few foundations exist for an inclusive and stable political order after al-Assad . The Obama administration was prudent and wise to avoid a direct military intervention in Syria . A legion of pundits deemed an American military role necessary for any progress against al-Assad . Clearly , it was not . Indeed , a limited intervention would likely have strengthened al-Assad 's hand at home and abroad . Had the U.S. chosen to carry out airstrikes to enforce a no-fly zone or safe havens , Syria 's crisis would likely be no closer to resolution but America would be deeply embroiled . Some have suggested that the U.S. should provide weapons to favored factions among the opposition groups . This , too , is a dangerous idea . There is no reason to believe that these factions would reward the U.S. with loyalty . What the U.S. should do is focus its efforts on maintaining international pressure and sanctions on al-Assad while preparing for a transition . It should disseminate credible information about the regime 's atrocities . It should aggressively plan to bring the architects of Syria 's well-documented massacres to face international justice .  It is far too late for an amnesty for al-Assad and his top aides , but lower-level officials should be offered a deadline to defect to avoid prosecution . When al-Assad falls , the Syrian opposition will urgently need to unite Syria and short-circuit the emergence of an insurgency from supporters of the old regime . Preventing reprisal killings , including all groups in the political process , and incorporating public servants who are not implicated in war crimes will be essential . The U.S. should help prepare the Syrian opposition for the challenges of governing a fractured country by facilitating the negotiation for a representative and unified political entity , with a greater role for pragmatic leaders on the inside . It could send a small U.N. stabilization force to Syria to as a monitor . And it will have to persuade the armed insurgency to police its own ranks to avoid sectarian fights . The hopes of a soft landing in Syria have been destroyed by the regime 's violence . The U.S. must now try to deal as best it can with the grinding struggle to come . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Marc Lynch .	Last week , key Syrian security leaders were assassinated by Syrian insurgency Marc Lynch : Briefly , many thought that Bashar al-Assad 's regime would rapidly fall He says the regime 's determination to survive at any price could draw things out Lynch : The U.S. is prudent to not interfere , but it can help in the transition
InStyle.com  -- Daring in her fashion choices and her roles -- this summer she plays Agent 99 in "  Get Smart " -- Anne Hathaway is the perfect candidate to answer questions about developing your own unique personal style . Anne Hathaway wears a Valentino satin coat and La Crasia leather gloves at an InStyle photoshoot . Curvaceous and kooky , interesting and interested , Hathaway is a multidimensional gal . In an age of nonstop tabloid exhibitionism , she stands out as a beacon of confident allure . Within a short period of time , the young actress has graduated from fashion ingénue to a woman who navigates the designer realm with intrepid spirit and lashings of wit . Now that she has her bearings , Hathaway is ready to express her individuality . Watch how Anne Hathaway changes her style " She arrives for our meeting looking well scrubbed , bohemian and totally incognito : Her navy jacket is from Et Vous in Paris ; the jeans , True Religion ; the flats , Lanvin ; and the bag , Anya Hindmarch . An Yves Saint Laurent lapis lazuli ring and Ugandan handcrafted beads from Beadforlife.org are all the embellishment she needs . It seems to me that nowadays some stars confuse being stylish with dressing really slutty . What 's your take ? I 've always been on the conservative side when it comes to showing skin . I 'm from that school where you show one part of your body , not all of it . So compared to the girls you 're talking about , I 'm quite prim ... -LSB- But -RSB- sometimes you just make mistakes . I once wore a see-through dress to an event , but I had absolutely no idea ... You did n't do the lighting test ! And I have never not done the lighting test after that . At the end of the day , you have to dress in what you 're comfortable in . If you 're at ease in a bikini top and a miniskirt -- though I certainly would n't be -- go for it . Can you talk about your style philosophy ? If you 're going to be glamorous , it has to be tempered with eccentricity so that it incorporates your own personality . Dressing up is great , but you need a twist . And one of my biggest style influences has been Rachel Zoe , who introduced me to glamour . Now I 'm kind of pushing her a little bit to explore the eccentric side . Lately , I 've been having a lot more fun with how I dress . I am braving the idea of ending up on a worst-dressed list , but I 'm also a lot happier with what I wear . What 's the most tragic thing you wore in high school ? So many things ! I was still recovering from Clueless when I was in high school , so probably one too many baby-doll skirts with baby Ts , knee socks , mary janes and barrettes . Maybe the occasional pair of flannel pajama pants during finals week . I do n't let myself get that slobby these days . What does the word "  chic " mean to you ? I instantly think of Audrey Hepburn -- she could do no wrong . Her style was revolutionary . She was ladylike without being stuffy . And I also love Tilda Swinton , Cate Blanchett and Selma Blair , who is so fabulous . Any other Hollywood icons lurking in your closet ? I 'm currently having a Gwen Stefani moment . I just bought some beautiful shorts from her fashion line , LAMB . Do you enjoy the whole red-carpet circus ? For a while it was very new and very frightening , and I would just work myself up so in all my photos I looked like I was staring down the barrel of a gun . I do n't beat myself up about it anymore . Did you care when the tabloids ragged on your white Valentino dress with the black bow at the 2007 Oscars ? I consider it a good sign when you end up on best - and worst-dressed lists . If you 're universally best , then you 've been quite boring . Let 's talk about "  Get Smart " : Is it retro , or did they update the groovy sixties vibe of Agent 99 's look ? It 's groovy in a different way . There are some things that are very mod , but we 're not making Austin Powers 4 -- it 's not a spoof . It 's more like a comedic Bourne Identity . Watch Hathaway , other stars talk about movie " I wore a few body-hugging dresses , which was so fun since I 'm not used to them . I did inherit 99 's Chanel bag addiction , and I was very happy about that . I have a ton of action sequences , and I had to be able to fight in every single outfit . Beyond swinging a Chanel handbag , did you do anything in particular to get into shape for this role ? I started working out about three months before the film began . I wanted to be curvy and muscle-y . I took my body inspiration from Jessica Biel . I did n't quite get those results , but she 's great . David Kirsch , my trainer , has made sure that I am no longer self-conscious about my thighs . Eventually my knees are going to be all wrinkly and I 'm not going to be able to wear things like short skirts , so I take pleasure in wearing them now . Next you play a bridezilla opposite Kate Hudson in "  Bride Wars . " Did you get to wear show-stopping bridal gowns ? I really ca n't say too much , but there 's a fantastic scene where we 're both in our dresses and we do absolutely terrible things to each other . Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2009 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Anne Hathaway plays Agent 99 in the movie "  Get Smart " The actress says she 's more conservative than most in her style Audrey Hepburn and Gwen Stefani are among her style icons Hathaway started working out three months before filming the movie
CNN  -- Federal civil rights investigators have found "  reasonable cause " to believe that police in Portland , Oregon , use "  unnecessary or unreasonable force " with persons who have mental illness , the U.S. Justice Department said . The department 's civil rights division and U.S. Attorney 's Office in Oregon issued a letter to Portland Mayor Sam Adams stating that local and federal authorities will "  continue our collaborative relationship to craft sustainable remedies . " In the 42-page letter , federal officials outline remedies that include training and new policies to investigate alleged police misconduct . Investigators found cause to believe that the Portland Police Bureau engages in "  a pattern or practice of using excessive force in encounters involving people with actual or perceived mental illness . " "  We found instances that support a pattern of dangerous uses of force against persons who posed little or no threat and who could not , as a result of their mental illness , comply with officers ' commands , " said the letter , which was signed by Assistant Attorney General Thomas E. Perez and U.S. Attorney Amanda Marshall . "  We also found that PPB employs practices that escalate the use of force where there were clear earlier junctures when the force could have been avoided or minimized . " One incident in December 2010 involved several officers who used "  repeated closed-fist punches and repeated shocking of a subject who was to be placed on a mental health hold , " the letter said . Adams , in a posting on his web page , vowed that the city and its Police Bureau would improve quickly , and listed a series of changes : -- The city will revise its use-of-force policies -- particularly those regarding the use of stun guns -- "  to ensure that officers have necessary guidance when encountering someone with mental illness or perceived to have mental illness . " -- The police will expand their Mobile Crisis Unit -- composed of an officer and a mental health worker -- "  to ensure availability at all times and enhance non-law enforcement capacity to respond to persons in crisis that do not pose a public safety threat . " -- The city will establish a mental health desk at its 911 calling center to ensure calls are properly dispatched . -- The city will lead efforts to boost community mental health treatment options , such as establishing a 24-hour secure drop-off and walk-in center , "  that will provide police officers more options when assisting persons experiencing a mental health crisis . " -- The city will use an early intervention system to identify officers , supervisors and units "  for non-punitive corrective action , and to assess gaps in policy , training , supervision and accountability . " -- The city will move to speed investigations of complaints about possible officer misconduct . -- A community body composed of representatives of a variety of groups will assess how well the agreement is being implemented , offer recommendations on additional steps , and advise the police chief and Adams on how to improve community relations .	Civil rights investigators say Portland Police engage in a pattern of excessive force Victims are persons who have or are perceived to have mental illness Portland mayor vows to institute changes -- quickly
LONDON , England  CNN  -- When the final whistle blew after Iraq 's 4-0 win over Palestine at the Al-Shaab Stadium it was abundantly clear this was not just any international friendly . Iraq 's first international match in Baghdad was a special moment for the country 's football fans . Supporters spilled out on to the streets to celebrate not just the goals from Hawar Mullah Mohammed , Karrar Jasim , Ala Abdel Zahra and Emad Mohammed , but the fact Iraq had staged their first international match in Baghdad since 2002 . Iraq fan Sadiq Alwohal believes it was a poignant moment in the history of the game in the country . To put it simply ; football in Iraq had come home . Alwohal fled Baghdad for England 14 years ago to pursue his love of football , where he eventually found work as a coach in London . He now runs the Football for Change program which , among other projects , has set up soccer schools in post-war Iraq . "  It is really special day that we are able to play a match in the capital city in our home stadium -- I believe this is big progress for football in Iraq , " Alwohal told CNN . "  You could see from the faces of the people and the celebrations after the match how important it was . Football has the potential to help heal the wounds of what has happened in Iraq and the reaction of people shows what it means . "  Now we need to develop the infrastructure in Iraq well so that we have better facilities , so grounds are brought up to the required standard and football can progress . "  For Iraqi people , football is religion -- we are all crazy for it -- and I hope that this match is the dawn of a beautiful new era for the game in Iraq . " Indeed the foundations for the next stage also seem to be coming into place . The Iraq Ministry for Youth and Sport has plans for the construction of a new FIFA International quality stadium in Basra as a location to host the 21st Gulf Cup in 2012 . See a video of the plans for the new stadium . But Simon Freeman , author of Baghdad FC , which tells the story of Iraqi footballers who lived under the reign of Saddam Hussein and is an expert on the game in the country , admitted that the match maybe a milestone in the country 's development , but there is still much work to be done . Can football help heal Iraq ? Leave your comments in the Sound Off box below . "  Obviously this match is important because when sporting fixtures make a return to country -- or city -- blighted by war it does tend to suggest that progress is being made there , " he said . "  But it a very small step and there could be a temptation to overplay the significance of the game against Palestine . It 's an encouraging sign but there have been false dawns before so I do n't think people should get too carried away . "  There is still a very long way to go before Iraq returns to something like normality so while it 's great news that the game has gone ahead , I 'd be inclined to exercise caution . " The impact of the organization of the match though has not been lost on the Asian Football Confederation who have subsequently approved a proposal by Iraq Football Association president Hussein Saeed to lift the sanction imposed on it from hosting the international games . Citing successful organization of friendly games against Palestine as an example of a safe and secure Iraq , the Asian Cup holders will now host home matches for the national team and club teams in the city of Arbil . "  We are glad to be the first sports federation of Iraq to host official international matches of national teams at home after the war , " Saeed told the AFC Web site . "  We had asked for approval of Baghdad , Arbil and Sulaimanyia venues but AFC has only approved Arbil as a first step . We will continue to press for the approval of the remaining two cities . "  Football plays an important role in the lives of the Iraqi people and they are waiting anxiously to watch their national team play the official international matches at home . "	Iraq football fans celebrate first international match in Baghdad since 2003 Plans for a new international stadium for 21st Gulf Cup in Basra are revealed Expert Simon Freeman warns of overplaying significance of the fixture Iraq FA president confirms the return of national team matches to Arbil
CNN  -- London property and gold -- the two safest places to put your money , or so the saying goes in recent years . For the past several years , owners of London property have watched with delight as the values of their homes have spiked annually well into double digits . With gold , as has been the case for thousands of years , it has provided a tradable commodity which investors have turned to in uncertain times . It 's a safe haven , the asset of last resort . But with quality gold ore becoming increasingly hard to find , a Canadian company has ventured 125 kilometers  78 miles  into the Arctic circle to build Europe 's largest gold mine . Otherwise known as a place for tourism and skiing , the town of Kittila , in the Lapland region of Northern Finland , is an unforgiving environment to run a mining operation . Average temperatures in winter usually only reach -23 degrees Fahrenheit . But that has n't stopped the mining or the growth of the area . Global demand That growth is possible because global demand for gold is high , said Sean Boyd , president and CEO of Toronto-based Agnico Eagle Mines , which runs Kittila 's gold mine . "  Demand is continuing to grow in a part of the world that 's growing population-wise and is growing from a wealth perspective , " said Boyd . Recent reports from the gold industry development group World Gold Council  WGC  show that consumer demand in China has skyrocketed , and India and the United States have a big appetite for gold , too . While it may be culturally important to own gold in parts of the world , Boyd also said central banks still feel the need to own it . "  That 's not going to go away . Central banks are still buying it . It trades like a currency on most days , " added Boyd . Or as a recent WGC report put it : "  With many economic and geopolitical wounds still open , central banks once again sought the protection and diversification of gold . " Shanghai has built a gold exchange over the last dozen or so years , and having just opened it up to international players its goal is to make that the largest physical bullion market in the world ; Boyd says "  that 's a sign that the market continues to move to the East . " Digging deep Logistically , however , Boyd says it 's necessary to go further afield to find quality ore deposits . "  The easy stuff 's been found now . You look at the industry average , gold grade is a little over one gram per ton , and so the gold reports in minute particles and as a result of that you 're having to move much more rock than you used to , to get the same amount of gold , " said Boyd . It 's a laborious process that uses chemicals to extract tiny particles of gold . The Kittila mine is expected to remain open until at least 2036 , as Agnico Eagle has already discovered the gold reserve is in excess of 7-8 million ounces , much higher than its original estimate of 1.5 million ounces . In order to achieve this , the company will have to take the mine down at least 900 meters  over half a mile  below the surface . But one thing is for certain : gold 's popularity has not waned . "  I do n't think gold 's going to go away , I think it still has an important role to play , " said Boyd .	Gold has been a commodity that investors have relied on in uncertain times Northern Finland is the site of Europe 's largest gold mine Central banks and consumers have kept the demand for gold strong
CNN  -- At least 23 people died Friday when demonstrations across the country were met by a fierce government crackdown , activists told CNN . Seven fatalities occurred in the suburbs of Damascus and two in the city itself , six in Deir Ezzor and Boukamal , three in Daraa and one each in Lattakia and Hama , the activists said . In addition , security forces killed three soldiers when they tried to defect ; another 13 were wounded , the activists said . Demonstrators chanting anti-government slogans marched in Damascus , Homs , Lattakia and other cities , and were frequently met by security forces who fired into the crowds and beat protesters , according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights . The agency said some neighborhoods around Damascus , Hama , Homs and Idleb "  saw gatherings " after Friday prayers but did not elaborate . Heavy gunfire was also heard near the Abraham Mosque in a Damascus suburb and in the area of a protest in another Damascus neighborhood . The group said it had also received reports of troops near mosques in several towns . A curfew had been imposed in Jabal al-Zawiya and people were not allowed to go to mosques . They had to pray in fields , instead , the group said . CNN could not independently verify the reports . Journalist Alexander Page , who said he was with protesters who were marching from Damascus ' Midan neighborhood to Zahera , reported that he saw three people shot when security forces aimed into the crowd and fired . Four buses carrying "  regime thugs and riot police " had arrived on the scene , and security forces were stopping cars and beating people , Page said . The wounded were picked up by security forces and taken away in buses , Page said . He said a man on a motorbike filmed the faces of protesters as he drove past them . They chased and beat him , Page said . In the Damascus suburb of Haja Al Aswad , heavy gunfire was heard as demonstrators departed Abraham Mosque . In another Damascus neighborhood , security forces dispersed hundreds of protesters who were chanting anti-government slogans . Meanwhile , state media said a terrorist attack was to blame for an explosion in an oil pipeline in Tal Kalakh , about 160 kilometers  100 miles  north of Damascus . The explosion happened around 4 a.m. , according to the state-run news agency SANA and Syria TV . They described the explosion as a bombing and said it created a 15-meter  about 50-foot  crater . "  Some citizens heard an explosion near a pipeline for transporting crude oil to Banyias , " Homs Gov. Ghassan Abdel al-Aal told SANA . Procedures were taken to stop the oil spill and prevent it from spreading into the water of Tal Hosh Dam , the governor said . Syria has been wracked by violent government crackdowns on protests across the country since mid-March , when teens were arrested for writing anti-government graffiti in the southern city of Daraa . As the clashes intensified , demonstrators changed their demands , from calls for freedom and an end to abuses by the security forces to calls for toppling the regime of President Bashar al-Assad . Syrian opposition groups have held a number of meetings in Turkey in recent months . The last one , organized by the Syrian National Salvation Council , took place in mid-July in Istanbul . The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says that since the unrest in the country began , 1,513 civilians have died . It put the toll among government forces at 367 , not including Friday 's fatalities . CNN 's Salma Abdelaziz contributed to this report .	Nine fatalities reported in Damascus and its suburbs A journalist says security forces in Damascus fired into crowds Syria has been wracked by violent crackdowns by government forces
CNN  -- Canadian ski resort gondola cars that were left dangling and swaying with terrified skiers inside failed because ice buildup snapped a supporting tower , the resort said Thursday . One gondola car is suspended above an icy creek at a ski resort near Whistler , British Columbia . In a rare occurrence called ice-jacking , water seeped into the lower section of the lift tower and turned to ice Tuesday at Whistler Blackcomb resort , 177 kilometers  110 miles  north of Vancouver , a resort official said in a press release Thursday . The lift hangs from a tower that is spliced into two parts . Extremely cold temperatures caused the ice buildup that exerted 800 tons of pressure between the two parts that hold the tower together , causing them to rupture , according to Whistler Blackcomb . The section of the lift affected by the accident had 15 cars going up the mountain and 15 coming down at the time , but they were n't carrying a lot of passengers , according to Doug Forseth , senior vice president of the resort . He said 53 passengers had been rescued from the stranded cars . No skiers at the Whistler , British Columbia , resort were seriously injured . "  The towers are not normally designed to allow for any water penetration and so this failure is a very unusual situation , " said Warren Sparks , senior vice president of Doppelmayr Canada , the engineering firm that investigated the accident . They are trying to figure out what caused the water to pool . He said independent structural engineers are examining the tower from Vancouver-based CVMM Consulting Engineers . "  The evidence so far indicates a sudden rupture rather than a fatigue failure over an extended period , " Sparks said . At least two gondola cars broke away and hit the ground , both from relatively low heights near the tower that split , and caused the system 's heavy cable line to slacken , according to Tyler Noble , a reporter for CNNRadio affiliate CKNW in Vancouver . "  One hit a bus stop and the other hit a house , " Noble said Wednesday . "  Another one was suspended over a creek , but everyone is out of that car . " The broken Excaliber Gondola was not operating Thursday . Whistler engineers checked eight similar towers across the two mountains of the resort . All passed those inspections , and are open Thursday , the release said . The British Columbia Authority says it does not expect to rescind operating permits on any lifts at the resort , other than the Excaliber Gondola . Jeff Colburn , general manager of Silver Mountain Resort in Kellogg , Idaho , said a lift tower at his resort was similarly damaged by ice in December 2006 . The damage was discovered in the morning before the slopes opened , so no one was endangered , he said . The damaged tower was replaced in about three weeks , Colburn said , and the resort 's business was not significantly disrupted . "  We check our towers in the summer now , and we also check before we open up for ski season as well just to make sure they do n't have any water in them , and we 've worked with the manufacturers , " he said . Holes have been drilled in the bases of towers so that water can drain out , Colburn said . CNN 's Ashley Fantz and Jim Kavanagh contributed to this report .	"  Ice-jacking " caused a lift at a Canadian ski resort to fail , Whistler resort says Water in supporting tower caused it to rupture Two gondola cars broke away and hit the ground , one dangled over frozen creek Lift tower at Idaho resort suffered similar damage in December 2006
CNN  -- A high-pressure system over the Northwest United States is giving new meaning to the term Baked Alaska . But relief is coming , according to meteorologists . The National Weather Service reported that several record-high temperatures were recorded across the south-central part of the state this week . Tuesday saw record highs for that date -- 81 in Anchorage , the state 's largest city , and 70 in Seward , situated on the Gulf of Alaska about 75 miles south of Anchorage . The city of Homer saw a record-tying 74 degrees Tuesday . The normal temperature for Anchorage this time of year is about 63 degrees . North of Anchorage , Talkeetna and Palmer each saw record-tying temperatures for the date -- of 89 and 78 , respectively . Monday was even toastier , with Talkeetna recording a temperature of 96 degrees , shattering the record of 91 that had stood since 1969 . Monday 's temperature in Seward was 88 , also a record . Cordova and Valdez , both along the southern coast , saw a record-breaking 90 degrees Monday . "  An expansive ridge of high pressure over Southern Alaska is continuing the string of unusually hot days , " the weather service said in a public advisory Monday . The NWS further forecast that temperatures would begin cooling Tuesday , and "  the cooling trend will continue on Wednesday . " The highest-ever temperature in the state came almost a century ago , when Fort Yukon recorded 100 degrees on June 27 , 1915 . CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin and Dave Hennen contributed to this report .	Meteorologists say cooling trend will continue on Wednesday after record highs New temperature records set in Anchorage , Seward on Tuesday Talkeetna recorded a Monday temp of 96 degrees , shattering the 1969 record
CNN  -- Investing in climate change initiatives can be a business opportunity for companies , according to the deputy chief executive of Pan-African banking giant Standard Bank . "  It makes perfect commercial sense , " Sim Tshabalala told CNN 's Robyn Curnow on the sidelines of the U.N. Climate Change Conference in Durban , South Africa . "  Sustainability is important in the long term . " Negotiators from 195 countries descended on Durban last week to discuss climate change and find ways to finance efforts to reduce CO2 emissions . Tshabalala said it 's important that governments take the lead on policy issues and called business people to follow suit in partnership with other organs of the society . "  We , as bankers , will take direction from the authorities on what happens at COP 17 , we stand ready to be supportive , " he said . An edited version of the interview follows . CNN : Why does it make sense for business to be leading the way perhaps when it comes to issues about climate change ? Sim Tshabalala : I think even for business , sustainability is important in the long term , it 's important because we all want to do something about environmental degradation , acting astute in financial institutions for example . We want to leave our businesses in better shape than we found them for future generations but , broader than that , it 's also a business opportunity because of the various mechanisms that apply . CNN : So it need not be a drain on finance -- investing in climate change initiatives can make money . ST : It makes perfect commercial sense . CNN : Why ? Give me some examples . ST : So , here in South Africa , we 've just been through a major program : the first part of a process in terms of which the government is allowing independent power producers to enter the grid . We have approved over 12 billion rands worth of these projects , we 're participating in at least half of them . Now they may not be granted , they may not be approved by the authorities , but there 's a large number of them where we 're participating . We perceive this as a new asset class , consistent with sustainability . CNN : Sometimes there 's a sense that if this is going to work , it 's going to be very bottom up . The politicians can go on talking and trying to agree on targets but it 's people on the ground , it 's businesses , that are quietly doing their own thing , and you 're helping perhaps to facilitate that . ST : Frankly , the legitimate democratically-elected government must take the lead on policy , and business as an organ of society , together with other organs of society , must follow and do what they need to do , having regard to what they do for a living . We , as bankers , will take direction from the authorities on what happens at COP 17 , we stand ready to be supportive , we support the white paper on climate change in South Africa . So my argument to you is , yes it 's important for the authorities to take the lead , business as organs of civil society must do what they need to do in buying and selling their products and they must act in consent and in partnership with society , but wanting to make money in the process -- we 're not a charity , we 're a business after all . CNN : This is the end of the year , looking back , what have been the biggest challenges for you ? ST : The big challenges have been , as a banker , a difficulty in lending out money , because both corporate and consumers have been de-leveraging , they 've been borrowing less than we would like them to . The result of that for a bank is that we do n't make as much net interest income , we do n't generate as much revenues as we would have liked to . People are buying and selling fewer goods , so transactions and fees and commissions as a consequence are less . And yet , we 've got thousands of people that we employ -- we employ over 50,000 people throughout the world -- the bulk of which are on the African continent , they have to be paid regardless of whether you and I transact .	Sim Tshabalala is group deputy chief executive officer of Standard Bank He says sustainability can be a business opportunity for companies Lending money was the banking sector 's biggest challenge this year , he says
CNN  -- Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez said Friday he appreciated U.S. President Barack Obama 's friendly gestures at last weekend 's Summit of the Americas , but said they do n't change his view of the United States as an imperialist nation . Hugo Chavez had handshakes and smiles for President Obama at the Summit of the Americas last weekend . Chavez 's fiery diatribes against the United States have included referring to former President George W. Bush as the devil . He was photographed with Obama at least twice at the summit -- once when Obama shook hands with him and other leaders , and again when he approached Obama to give him a book . "  The hand -LSB- shake -RSB- , yes . And the smile , yes -- one time and a second time and a third time and a fourth time , " Chavez said during a televised address . "  But nobody should be mistaken . The empire is there , alive and kicking . " The book Chavez presented to Obama as cameras rolled is titled "  Open Veins of Latin America : Five Centuries of the Pillage of a Continent . " The book chronicles Europe 's and the United States ' role in "  the effects and causes of capitalist underdevelopment in Latin America , " according to one reviewer . As he has in the past , Chavez noted Obama 's historic role as the first black U.S. president . "  I hope Obama , for the dignity of his race , may be the last president of an imperialist United States , " he said .	Venezuelan president in TV interview : -LSB- U.S. -RSB- "  empire is there , alive and kicking " Friendly exchanges with Obama did n't change his view of U.S. , Chavez says Chavez : "  I hope Obama ... may be the last president of an imperialist United States "
CNN  -- Calling the ruling "  huge , " New Orleans Mayor Ray Nagin on Thursday reacted to a federal judge finding the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers ' failure to maintain a shipping channel led to catastrophic flooding during Hurricane Katrina . Nagin said he hopes the court decision will "  open up the floodgates " for others to file lawsuits against the federal government , including his Louisiana city . However , he acknowledged it 's likely the federal government will appeal Wednesday 's ruling . Department of Justice spokesman Charles Miller said in an e-mail the government is reviewing the decision and has made "  no determination as to what future steps it would take in this matter . " U.S. District Judge Stanwood Duval Jr. ruled that the "  negligence of the Corps " by failing to maintain the Mississippi River-Gulf Outlet waterway "  was not policy , but insouciance , myopia and short-sightedness . " "  For over 40 years , the Corps was aware that the Reach II levee protecting Chalmette and the Lower Ninth Ward was going to be compromised by the continued deterioration of the -LSB- waterway -RSB- . ... The Corps had an opportunity to take a myriad of actions to alleviate this deterioration or rehabilitate this deterioration and failed to do so . Clearly , the expression ` talk is cheap ' applies here . " Duval issued the ruling in a lawsuit brought by six plaintiffs affected by the 2005 hurricane , who alleged the Corps of Engineers was liable for damages . The judge ruled against one couple , who lived in New Orleans East , but awarded the others , from the Lower Ninth Ward and St. Bernard Parish , damages ranging from $ 100,000 to $ 317,000 . Nagin said he had thought the ruling was a long shot . "  This was a surprise but a pleasant one , " he said . The decision applies not only to the six plaintiffs , attorney Pierce O'Donnell said , but also to some 100,000 homes and businesses in St. Bernard Parish and the Lower Ninth Ward . Under the precedent set by Duval 's ruling , they too will be entitled to compensation , O'Donnell said . At a news conference Thursday , Craig Taffaro , president of St. Bernard Parish , said , "  It 's a bittersweet victory in the sense that yes , we are at the table , yes , we are grateful for the judge 's ruling and for the legal team to deliver us to this point , but what a shame that we had to go through such devastation and destruction to get here . " At one point a Category 5 hurricane , Katrina had weakened to a Category 3 storm with top sustained winds of 127 mph when it made landfall on the morning of August 29 , 2005 , between Grand Isle , Louisiana , and the mouth of Mississippi River . Its winds were only slightly diminished when it passed over more populated coastal areas hours later . More than 1,800 people died in the storm , including nearly 1,600 in Louisiana . In New Orleans , the city 's levee system failed and widespread flooding occurred . Overall , the storm damage covered more than 90,000 square miles and displaced nearly 300,000 people , causing more than $ 81 billion in damage . Ivor van Heerden , a researcher who warned of the potential for catastrophic damage from a hurricane , said the ruling is "  total vindication for everybody who was involved . " "  I think he 's called a spade a spade , " van Heerden told CNN by phone . The former deputy director of the Louisiana State University Hurricane Center said the university fired him because of the investigation he led into the levee failures . The probe put much of the blame for the disaster on the Corps of Engineers . He alleged Thursday that the university blocked him from being an expert witness in the case , but said he "  put together a lot of the science " and reviewed the defense 's explanation to find the holes . "  Hurricane Katrina in New Orleans was a manmade catastrophe with a hurricane trigger , " he said . "  I saw the suffering of the people in New Orleans . ... Finally there is the potential of compensation . " He said he intends to file a lawsuit against LSU , which he said has to pay him through the end of his contract , which ends in May . LSU did not immediately return a phone call seeking comment Thursday . CNN 's Ashley Hayes contributed to this report .	Judge : Army Corps of Engineers liable for catastrophic flooding during Katrina New Orleans Mayor Ray Nagin says ruling may "  open up the floodgates " for more suits Nagin calls decision "  a surprise , " says he expects feds to appeal Plaintiffs awarded damages from Lower Ninth Ward and St. Bernard Parish
"  I ca n't breathe " has become a new slogan in protests against alleged police brutality after a grand jury declined to indict a police officer in the death of Eric Garner . Garner said it eight times while restrained on the ground by several officers . Police say Garner resisted arrest and video shows him asking police not to harass or touch him after they confronted him on a sidewalk . Here 's a transcript of his last words : "  Get away -LSB- garbled -RSB- ... for what ? Every time you see me , you want to mess with me . I 'm tired of it . It stops today . Why would you ... ? Everyone standing here will tell you I did n't do nothing . I did not sell nothing . Because every time you see me , you want to harass me . You want to stop me  garbled  Selling cigarettes . I 'm minding my business , officer , I 'm minding my business . Please just leave me alone . I told you the last time , please just leave me alone . please please , do n't touch me . Do not touch me . " Video of the arrest shows four officers wrestling Garner to the ground and restraining him . " I ca n't breathe . I ca n't breathe . I ca n't breathe . I ca n't breathe . I ca n't breathe . I ca n't breathe . I ca n't breathe . I ca n't breathe , " he said , as officers restrained him . Videos document Garner 's last moments	"  I ca n't breathe , " has become a new slogan in protests against police brutality Eric Garner said it eight times while being restrained by police He had asked them to leave him alone before being wrestled to the ground A grand jury declined to indict a police officer is his death
NAIROBI , Kenya  CNN  -- Three British guards jumped overboard and were rescued from the water after battling in vain to prevent pirates hijacking a chemical tanker off the coast of Somalia . Three British security guards board a helicopter to be transferred to a Royal Navy vessel . The Liberian-flagged Biscaglia came under "  sustained and heavy attack " early Friday morning , Nick Davis , Director of Anti-Piracy Maritime Security Solutions  APMSS  , said in a statement . The three APMSS-employed security guards -- all former British servicemen -- mounted "  sustained non-lethal resistance " but were unable to stop the attackers seizing control of the ship , Davis said . The trio were airlifted to safety by a German naval helicopter and flown to a French frigate after the vessel summoned assistance from coalition warships . They were later transferred to a British Royal Navy ship . All three were unhurt , Davis said . "  I have spoken with my team leader on the phone and he informs me that the level of violence was significant and forced them reluctantly to leave the vessel after every effort was made to ensure the safety of the ships crew , " Davis said . Pirates continued to shoot at the three in the water , Davis said . "  The hijacked vessel with pirates in control then attempted to run them down . " The Biscaglia is managed by Singapore-based Ishima and owned by Winged Foot Shipping in the Marshall Islands and was crewed by 25 Indians and two Bangladeshis who are believed to be still onboard . The vessel is believed to be on its way to an anchorage in Puntland , northeastern Somalia , Davis said . iReport.com : Share your view from ` Inside Africa ' Also Friday , pirates released the Greek ship MV Centauri , which was hijacked in September off the coast of Somalia , according to Andrew Mwangura , the head of the Kenya Seafarers Association . There was no immediate information about the 25 crew members on board the ship when it was taken . A multinational naval force including vessels from the U.S. , NATO member states , Russia and India has been patrolling the Indian Ocean waters seas near the Gulf of Aden , which connects the Red Sea and the Arabian Sea , following a sharp increase in pirate attacks in the region . Around 20,000 oil tankers , freighters and merchant vessels pass along the crucial shipping route each year . So far this year , pirates have attacked almost 100 vessels off the coast of Somalia coast and successfully hijacked nearly 40 , according to the International Maritime Bureau 's Piracy Reporting Center . The most high-profile hijacking so far came earlier this month , when pirates seized a Saudi oil tanker carrying $ 100 million worth of oil and a crew of 25 , although that attack occurred outside the pirates ' normal operational range , 450 nautical miles southeast of Mombasa , Kenya . Pirates are still holding the ship . Another vessel held since September is the Ukrainian MV Farina , which was carrying a cargo of weapons and tanks and a crew of 22 . In an interview provided to CNN this week , a pirate leader claimed attacks on shipping would continue as long as life in Somalia remained desperate . "  The pirates are living between life and death , " said the pirate leader , identified by only one name , Boyah . "  Who can stop them ? Americans and British all put together can not do anything . " The interview was conducted in August by journalists working for the Somali news organization , Garowe .	3 security guards battle pirates , jump overboard as tanker hijacked off Somalia British trio were rescued from water by German naval helicopter Liberian-flagged Biscaglia also carrying 25 Indians , 2 Bangladeshis Pirates release Greek ship MV Centauri , held since September
CNN  -- Red Bull driver Mark Webber has cast doubt on the Bahrain Grand Prix taking place this year , even though the race has been reinstated on the Formula One calendar . F1 's ruling body the FIA announced on Friday that the gulf kingdom , which was supposed to stage the event in March at the start of the season , will hold it at the end of October . The FIA 's decision came after its top officials visited the island on Tuesday , and the following day Bahrain 's ruler lifted the state of emergency laws that had facilitated the restriction of political leaders and journalists . But Webber has joined the 12 F1 teams in refusing to back the move , which has outraged human rights groups around the world . Should F1 take the risk of racing in Bahrain ? "  My opinion is unchanged since I was first asked about this in late February . Even though a decision has been made , I 'll be highly surprised if the Bahrain Grand Prix goes ahead this year , " the Australian told his personal website on Saturday . "  The sport should have taken a much firmer stance earlier this year rather than constantly delaying its decision in hope of being able to reschedule it in 2011 . It would have sent a very clear message about F1 's position on something as fundamental as human rights and how it deals with moral issues . "  It 's obvious that the parties involved have struggled to reach a decision , but sadly I feel that they still have n't made the right one . Like it or not , F1 and sport in general is n't above having a social responsibility and conscience . I hope F1 is able to return to Bahrain eventually , but now is n't the right time . " Webber , who helped Red Bull win the manufacturers ' title last year while teammate Sebastian Vettel claimed the drivers ' championship , has been the only one of his peers to comment publicly on the situation in Bahrain . "  As a competitor I do not feel at all comfortable going there to compete in an event when , despite reassurances to the contrary , it seems inevitable that it will cause more tension for the people of that country , " he said . "  I do n't understand why my sport wishes to place itself in a position to be a catalyst for that . "	Mark Webber "  uncomfortable " with decision to stage race in Bahrain Red Bull driver says it is unlikely the that rescheduled event will go ahead Bahrain had been due to open season in March but was postponed due to civil unrest F1 chiefs made decision to reinstate the race after visiting the kingdom on Tuesday
CNN  -- Jim O'Neill , the Goldman Sachs economist who famously captured the globe 's shifting economic power when he coined the "  BRIC " acronym , now says the euro may not exist by 2020 . O'Neill 's views were aired at the Spring Ambrosetti Forum , where delegates gathered by the peaceful Lake Como . But unlike its serene waters , many delegates felt the future of the European Union -- which has been destabilized by economic crisis and political infighting -- remained murky . O'Neill , speaking to CNN at the forum , said : "  If we carry on the same way as we are , by 2020 the euro might not exist . " Read more : Oknoplast sees Europe ' s window of opportunity According to O'Neill , "  Germany will be exporting twice as much to China as it does to France by the end of 2020 . " He added , "  I have joked to some of the European policy makers that in such an environment , Germany would want to be in a monetary union with China , not with France . " Read more : Auto industry revs up recovery on Spain Villa d'Este plays host to the Ambrosetti forum twice a year . It is an elite gathering of European economists and business leaders , and for two days they have just one item on the agenda : The state of the global economy . Some have compared the Ambrosetti Forum to Davos ; albeit a much smaller version . With serene views of Lake Como , a warmer climate and fine-dining , it 's certainly a deluxe version . Read more : Henkel : Reaping rewards of its revamp Light from chandeliers dance over the delegates as they sit in their four closed-door sessions a day , which are broken up with coffee breaks and three course meals . Nouriel Roubini , the economist also known by the name "  Dr Doom " for predicting the credit crunch , was a little less gloomy about the eurozone than O'Neill when he spoke to CNN . Read more : Shipping giant looks to China to combat downturn "  Compared to a year ago , when there was a risk that Greece would exit the eurozone , that the eurozone would break up , that Italy and Spain would lose market access , those tail risks have been reduced , " he said . Roubini believes these risks have been reduced , in large part , by the European Central Bank 's commitment to purchase sovereign bonds in the secondary markets . Now , Roubini told CNN , the European Union faces a "  political backlash " with austerity fatigue from the likes of Italy , Portugal , Ireland , Spain and Greece , and bailout fatigue from Germany . "  There is a toxic nexus between a lack of competitiveness , unsustainability , low potential growth and an ongoing recession , " he said . The need for political cohesion around a drive for austerity was common to many delegates ' views , as was a desire for closer fiscal union . "  Europe is in the middle , " Andrea Canino , the chairman at MC Partners , told CNN . "  We do n't know where the power is , it is not any more in the national state and it is not in Brussels . " Such uncertainty would kill Europe , he added . Guiseppe Recche , the chairman of Eni , the Italian multinational oil and gas company , said his business continues to struggle in its European market . "  Wherever we do business , and we work in over 80 countries , we do well , except for Italy and Europe , " he said . "  Is that because Europe is not competitive ? Is that because Europe does n't have technology to sell ? Probably not . "  It needs to manage its expenses , austerity needs to be spoken of , and of not just in negative terms , a fiscal balance of expenses is needed . " The Ambrosetti Forum will reconvene in the autumn , the mist will have lifted over the lake , and , for the delegates , perhaps the future for the European Union will be looking clearer too .	Roubini believes eurozone break-up risk has been reduced , in large part , by ECB measures European Union faces a "  political backlash " with austerity fatigue , says Nouriel Roubini Political cohesion around a drive for austerity was common to many delegates ' views
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- About 1,000 protesters gathered in front of Kabul University on Tuesday morning , as protests continue throughout Afghanistan to condemn the burning of a Quran by a pastor in the United States . The demonstrators marched toward the city center amid a heavy police presence but without incident , said Kabul City police official Abdullah Mahboob . The sight was in marked contrast to earlier demonstrations , some of which turned deadly . On Sunday , police and stone-throwing demonstrators clashed in Kandahar with as many as three people killed in the violence . At least nine people were killed and 73 injured in Kandahar on Saturday , and 12 people died Friday -- including seven U.N. employees -- when angry demonstrators stormed a U.N. compound in Mazar-i-Sharif . The demonstrations were sparked by the actions of a controversial Florida pastor who presided over what he called a trial of the Quran on March 20 . The holy book of Islam was "  found guilty " by members of Jones ' tiny church and burned , according to a release posted on the church 's website . Afghan President Hamid Karzai strongly condemned the burning as did various U.S. officials , including U.S. President Barack Obama . "  The desecration of any holy text ... is an act of extreme intolerance and bigotry , " he said Saturday in a statement released by the White House . "  However , to attack and kill innocent people in response is outrageous , and an affront to human decency and dignity . "	The protests go off without incident Some other demonstrations have turned deadly They have been sparked by a Florida pastor 's burning of the Muslim holy book
CNET  -- The much-discussed BlackBerry tablet may finally come to fruition as soon as next week . It 's been talked about for months , but Research In Motion has yet to acknowledge that such a device exists . But today The Wall Street Journal reported that the Canadian smartphone maker may reveal its own iPad-like tablet at its developer conference in San Francisco , which starts Monday . The Journal 's unnamed sources say the device is not ready for shipping to customers , but will by sometime during the fourth quarter of this year . The BlackBerry tablet -- sometimes referred to as the "  BlackPad " since RIM bought the domain blackpad.com -- is said to have a 7-inch touchscreen and at least one camera , maybe two , according to the Journal . Previous reports have said the BlackPad would have a screen closer to the size of the 9.7-inch iPad . In line with previous reports , the tablet will not have its own cellular service but will be a companion device to a BlackBerry smartphone , the newspaper reported . That means the tablet will have Wi-Fi access but will need to be tethered to a BlackBerry for a 3G connection . Perhaps most interesting is what RIM apparently has planned on the software front . It 's been reported before , but the Journal 's story reiterates that the tablet wo n't use RIM 's new BlackBerry 6 mobile OS . Instead it will use a new OS from QNX Software , a company RIM purchased earlier this year . The report says the QNX software could eventually replace the software on all RIM smartphones . How much the device will cost is still unknown . Since it 's not being sold with wireless service , it seems unlikely it would be sold through a carrier the way BlackBerrys are , and that would mean no carrier subsidy like newer tablets from Dell and Samsung have . © 2010 CBS Interactive Inc. . All rights reserved . CNET , CNET.com and the CNET logo are registered trademarks of CBS Interactive Inc. . Used by permission .	Research In Motion may unveil a tablet device at its conference next week , a report says The device is sometimes called a "  BlackPad " since RIM bought the domain blackpad.com Wall Street reports that tablet will use a new OS from QNX Software
An emotional Cristiano Ronaldo failed to hold back the tears as the Real Madrid and Portugal star won the Ballon d'Or at a star-studded FIFA Awards Ceremony in Switzerland . The forward finally ended the reign of Argentina 's Lionel Messi , who had held the award since 2009 , with Frenchman Franck Ribery finishing third . "  I am deeply moved , " said the 28-year-old , who had played down the importance of the trophy in the run-up to Monday 's ceremony . The former Manchester United star , who scored 66 goals in 56 games last year , was previously crowned the world 's best in 2008 . "  There are no words to describe how I feel , " said Ronaldo , who won the prize despite winning nothing with either club or country in 2013 . "  I 'm delighted , I want to thank all my team-mates , all my family in the room . Those who know me know how many sacrifices I made to win this reward . "  I want to thank all those who had faith in me and I want to speak again about Eusebio and Madiba  Nelson Mandela  and to pay tribute to them one last time . " "  Each time is different . But I would say that this second Ballon d'Or is more emotional , because my mother and my son  who joined him on stage  are here . " Ronaldo won with 27.99 % of the votes ahead of Messi  24.72 %  while Ribery was third  23.36 %  according to France Football , who jointly organize the award with FIFA . In 2013 , he outscored Messi , who has struggled with injury , and scored a hat-trick to help his country negotiate a tricky World Cup playoff against Sweden in order to secure a berth at Brazil 2014 . Ronaldo 's golden ball is likely to take pride of place in his new museum . At last month 's opening in his hometown of Funchal , Ronaldo told reporters : "  I have room for more trophies . I do n't really want to mention specific ones . All I want is to win more awards and , if the Ballon d'Or comes , there is extra room here . " The Ballon d'Or is voted for by national team coaches , national team captains and a selection of journalists from around the world , selected by both France Football magazine and FIFA . The evening 's other winners included Jupp Heynckes , the now-retired German who was crowned Men 's Coach of the Year after leading Bayern Munich to an unprecedented Champions League , Bundesliga and German Cup treble . He beat Alex Ferguson , who led Manchester United to a record 20th English championship in his final season at Old Trafford , and Borussia Dortmund manager Jurgen Klopp , whose German side dazzled on their way to the 2013 European Champions League final . On a memorable night for Germany , national team coach Silvia Neid was named Women 's Coach of the Year while goalkeeper Nadine Angerer won the Women 's World Player award . Having saved two penalties in a 1-0 win over Norway in the final Euro 2013 , Angerer beat off challenges from five-time winner Marta of Brazil and American Abby Wambach , the leading goalscorer in international football . Sweden 's Zlatan Ibrahimovic won the FIFA Puskas honor , awarded to the scorer of the best goal and voted for by the public , following his stunning overhead strike against England . Meanwhile , legendary Brazilian Pele , rated by many as the best footballer of all time , received FIFA 's maiden Prix d'Honneur . The organizers said they were righting a wrong , since Pele - the only man to have won the World Cup three times - had been ineligible to win the Ballon d'Or during his playing days as it was only for Europe-based players at the time . "  I promised to my family that I would not cry but I am emotional , " said the man who won football 's greatest tournament in 1958 , 1962 and 1970 . "  I got so many trophies and prizes but I was jealous because all of those guys who got the Ballon d'Or , which I could n't get because I did n't play in Europe . Now I thank God that I can complete my trophies at home . " The FIFA/FIFPro World XI was also unveiled and was dominated by Spain-based players , with six of the side playing in La Liga , with three from Germany and two from France . FIFPro , the world players ' union , invited 52,000 of its members to select their team of the year . FIFA/FIFPro World XI : Neuer  Bayern Munich and Germany  ; Dani Alves  Barcelona and Brazil  , Sergio Ramos  Real Madrid and Spain  , Thiago Silva  PSG and Brazil  , Lahm  Bayern Munich and Germany  ; Iniesta  Barcelona and Spain  , Xavi  Barcelona and Spain  , Franck Ribery  Bayern Munich and France  ; Cristiano Ronaldo  Real Madrid and Portugal  , Messi  Barcelona and Argentina  , Zlatan Ibrahimovic  Paris Saint-Germain and Sweden  . The glittering ceremony - which was hosted by former Dutch international Ruud Gullit and Brazilian model Fernanda Lima - was attended by such footballing luminaries as Zinedine Zidane , Ronaldo  Brazil  , Cafu , UEFA President Michel Platini and France coach Didier Deschamps among others . Yet the night belonged to the Portuguese Ronaldo , who had finished runner-up in the voting for three of the previous four years . Having scored 42 goals so far this season , he made his debut for Sporting Lisbon in 2002 before leaving for Manchester United the following campaign . There he claimed three English Premier League titles , the FA Cup and the European Champions League in 2008 , the same year he was first crowned by FIFA as the world 's best footballer . Ronaldo swapped Manchester for Madrid for a then world record fee in 2009 . Since joining Real , he has been prolific , averaging over a goal a game for the nine-time European champions . Messi , meanwhile , helped Barcelona to the Spanish league title last year , while Ribery was part of the all-conquering Bayern team that triumphed in five different competitions in 2013 . In 2010 and 2011 , FIFA 's World Footballer of the Year prize was fused with the Ballon D'Or award previously handed out by France Football .	Real Madrid 's Portuguese player Cristiano Ronaldo named World 's best for second time Argentina 's Lionel Messi had won the title for the past four years Bayern Munich 's French star Franck Ribery completed the list Jupp Heynckes named Men 's Coach of the Year , with Brazil 's Pele winning special prize
Editor 's note : This story is based on interrogation reports that form part of the prosecution case in the forthcoming trial of six Belgian citizens charged with participation in a terrorist group . Versions of those documents were obtained by CNN from the defense attorney of one of those suspects . The statement by Bryant Vinas was compiled from an interview he gave Belgian prosecutors in March 2009 in New York and was confirmed by U.S. prosecutors as authentic . The statement by Walid Othmani was given to French investigators and was authenticated by Belgian prosecutors . Al Qaeda recruits say they received training in how to handle rockets , explosives and bombs . CNN  -- The interrogations of two accused Westerners who say they trained and fought with al Qaeda in the Pakistan-Afghanistan border region provide an inside view of the terror group 's organizational structures . Arguably , they shed more light on the state of al Qaeda than any material previously released into the public domain . The documents reveal training programs and the protective measures the terrorist organization has taken against increasingly effective U.S. missile strikes . Bryant Vinas -- a U.S. citizen who says he traveled to Pakistan in September 2007 to fight against Americans in Afghanistan -- stated that between March and July 2008 he attended three al Qaeda training courses , which focused on weapons , explosives , and rocket-based or - propelled weaponry . During these classes , attended by 10-20 recruits , Vinas was taught how to handle a large variety of weapons and explosives , some of them of military grade sophistication , according to his account . Read how al Qaeda is now operating Vinas stated he became familiar with seeing , smelling and touching different explosives such as TNT , as well as plastic explosives such as RDX , Semtex , C3 and C4 -- the explosive U.S. authorities have stated was used in al Qaeda 's attack on the USS Cole in 2000 . Vinas also learned how to make vests for suicide bombers . Vinas stated he was also instructed how to prepare and place fuses , how to test batteries , how to use voltmeters and how to build circuitry for a bomb . Read how Vinas met with al Qaeda leaders According to his account , al Qaeda also offered a wide variety of other courses including electronics , sniper , and poisons training . Instruction in the actual construction of bombs , he stated , was offered to al Qaeda recruits who had become more advanced in their training . Vinas ' training during this period was very similar to the training described by members of a French-Belgian group who also spent time in the tribal areas of Pakistan in 2008 . Walid Othmani , a French recruit , stated the group were given explosives training and taught how to fire rocket launchers and RPGs . Othmani provided French interrogators with an account of his time in Pakistan after being arrested on his return to Europe . Three other members of his group are now in Belgian custody awaiting trial for "  participation in a terrorist group . " Belgian prosecutors told CNN Othmani has been charged in France with participation in a criminal conspiracy with the aim of preparing a terrorist act . A Belgian legal document detailing his interrogation report was obtained by CNN . Like Vinas , Othmani said the group had been required to sign forms before their training . Othmani stated his group was required to pledge absolute obedience to their handlers and indicate whether they wanted to become suicide bombers . Othmani provided interesting new details about the training facilities being used by al Qaeda in the tribal areas . His group trained in a small mountain shack , a far cry from the large camps al Qaeda had run in Taliban-era Afghanistan , when it had been able to operate with little danger of being targeted by military strikes . Othmani 's account made clear that al Qaeda has had to decentralize its operations in Pakistan in response to the growing effectiveness of U.S. Predator strikes . However the wide number of training courses described by both Vinas and Othmani suggest that al Qaeda has been able to adapt well to the new security environment . By operating a larger number of smaller facilities , al Qaeda would also appear to have increased its resilience to attack . Read how al Qaeda is looking for Western targets While the classrooms are safer from drone attacks than the pre-9 / 11 sessions on the mountainsides the content seems to have changed to match new targeting plans . Suicide vest and IED construction show how the curriculum is being modified for today 's combat with U.S. troops in Afghanistan . Making and handling explosives , as well as fuse construction , show the sessions may also be geared for killing in Europe and the United States . These are the very skills the July 7 , 2005 London bombers Shehzad Tanweer and Mohammed Siddique Khan came to Pakistan to learn . Al Qaeda , it would seem , may still want to pull off the spectacular attack in Europe or the United States . Vinas says he took a course in propelled weaponry with Hicham Bouhali Zrioul , a former taxi driver in Brussels , Belgium , whom he first met in March 2008 and formed a friendship with . Vinas stated that when they completed their training , Al Qaeda instructors did a written evaluation of their performance . Vinas had been judged qualified to participate in missile attacks against U.S. and NATO bases in Afghanistan , according to his account . That suggests al Qaeda has maintained its capacity for administration and paperwork even in a harsher security environment . When their training finished in the summer of 2008 , Vinas and Zrioul lived in the same house in the mountains of Waziristan . Zrioul managed to acquire a computer which he rigged up to watch jihadist videos . During a mountain walk with Zrioul one day , Vinas says he was told about a new course being taught by al Qaeda called "  international operations " set up by al Qaeda 's head of international operations whom Vinas later identified as Abu Hafith . Hafith , he stated , was responsible for recruitment and direction of terrorist cells , and attacks outside Pakistan and Afghanistan . Hafith was identified by his initials in the legal document but CNN obtained his name from a source briefed on the case . He is believed to be still at large in the Pakistan-Afghan border area . Vinas was told that the training course that Hafith set up focused on kidnapping and assassination , including instruction on the use of silencers and how to break into and enter a property . The revelations raise the possibility that al Qaeda was developing a program of targeted assassinations . Though al Qaeda has carried out some assassinations in the past , most of its attacks in the West have not targeted any particular individuals but crowded areas , such as mass transport . According to Othmani , al Qaeda fighters totaled between 300-500 in Pakistan 's Tribal Areas -- spread out in groups of 10 . Such decentralization was a function of the growing deadliness of U.S. Predator strikes . Hicham Beyayo , a Belgian jihadist volunteer , said the group moved around a lot because such strikes were known to be "  very effective , " his lawyer Christophe Marchand , told CNN . The loss of an increasing number of operatives , stated Othmani , prompted an order from al Qaeda 's top command for fighters to remain inside as much as possible . In order to keep in touch , jihadists operated a courier service across the region , according to the Frenchman 's testimony . The decentralization of al Qaeda 's structures appears to have created some costs for recruits . Two members of the Belgian-French group now in custody describe feeling increasingly cut off , bored , and fed up with the primitive living conditions in their mountain shacks , according to documents obtained by CNN and the defense lawyer of one of those charged . They often did not seem to know what their next orders would be or where their handlers would take them . They also described being deeply frustrated at being repeatedly given false promises that they would be able to fight in Afghanistan . Othmani also described the group 's frustration at having to pay for their own weapons and training -- at a cost of 1,300 euros each  about $ 1,800  -- which if true might lend credence to reports that al Qaeda has come under financial strain . Vinas , for his part , made no mention of having to make payments to his handlers . Vinas and Othmani 's accounts also suggest that al Qaeda may be having leadership problems . While able to find fresh recruits to replace those killed and arrested , the group seems to have more difficulty replacing senior military trainers and other key operational figures . A former U.S. government official , specializing in counter-terrorism , commented that the insider accounts suggest the same people are leading training as a decade ago . The only difference , there are fewer of them .	Al Qaeda recruit tells of weapons and explosives training courses Group trained in a small mountain shack -- a far cry from large Afghan camps Al Qaeda also offered electronics , sniper , and poisons training courses Some sessions could be geared for killing in Europe and United States
CNN  -- A strong earthquake struck off the south coast of Japan on Sunday night local time , "  jolting Tokyo and wide areas of eastern Japan , " the country 's Kyodo news agency reported . The 7.1 earthquake hit 200 miles  320 kilometers  south-southwest of Tokyo at 7:55 p.m.  6:55 a.m. ET  , the United States Geological Survey reported . Its epicenter was 188 miles  303 kilometers  deep , the USGS said . The Japan Meteorological Agency reported its magnitude as 6.9 , Kyodo said . There were no immediate reports of damage , and the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center did not issue a tsunami warning .	Tremor hits south of island , "  jolting Tokyo , " Kyodo news agency reported United States Geological Survey measures quake as 7.1 magnitude Pacific Tsunami Warning Center did not issue a tsunami alert
CNN  -- Daniel Libeskind , the Polish-American architect responsible for the World Trade Center site 's redevelopment , says his favorite building is the Military History Museum in Dresden , Germany . Originally an armory for Kaiser Wilhelm I and subsequently under Nazi and Soviet control , the Bundeswehr 's main military museum survived the 1945 bombing of Dresden due to its location on the city 's outskirts . "  It is an interesting project for me , " says Libeskind , "  because now it is a museum of modern democratic Germany . How to transform it ? How to create a new sense of what it means to have a military in a democracy which is controlled by the citizens ? " In Libeskind 's $ 85 million redesign , completed in 2011 , a huge wedge of concrete and steel scythes through the stone , columned building , to create something he describes as "  both disruptive of the old , but -LSB- that -RSB- also gives you a sense of how we have changed our thinking . " Watch Great Buildings on CNN 's Connect the World Born in Poland , raised under Communist regimes and the child of Holocaust survivors , Libeskind says the concept underpinning his design "  was n't something that I had to research in libraries . " The dramatic shard , which was constructed as the building was also being restored , helps to reorient the museum 's purpose . Libeskind says the new space offers visitors a chance to question "  why people participate in and organize violence , why they conform to totalitarian thoughts . " View a hi-res gallery of Libekind 's ` Great Buildings ' "  This space is not for weapons . It 's to navigate between the horizontal world of history and the vertical world of human aspiration and understanding . " "  I wanted people to feel that sense of displacement , that space of catastrophe , " he says . "  It 's not just about weapons and rockets and tanks , it 's about people 's decisions , and how people view the world . " The building Libeskind most wishes he 'd designed is one completely at odds with its surrounds -- the Eiffel Tower , which looms over Paris ' uniformly mid-rise cityscape . "  It 's a building with no function , that has no program , " Libeskind says . "  It 's completely uncharacteristic of Paris , and yet it 's such a fantastic building . Today it 's one of the world 's most recognizable and most-visited monuments but in its day , the tower , erected for the 1889 World 's Fair , was a controversial emblem of industrialization . Libeskind admires the daring of its design , which was innovative for its time , and the risks its engineers took -- "  the technology had never really been used . There is no guarantee how it would work , " he notes -- but he also admires its poetry . "  It does n't mimic anything . It 's original . It has a spirit to it , a spirit of the unknown . And when you go see it , you still wonder , what the hell is this thing ? How was it built ? " "  That defines for me what good architecture is : It 's not a formula . It 's not the pretty facade of the building . It 's how the building transforms the city . It 's changed how people view Paris . " "  All the great artists , composers and politicians hated that building . They wanted to tear it down . They thought it was the ugliest , stupidest thing . But , in the long run , it became the most beloved and most symbolic building of France , of Paris , of Europe . " Libeskind 's Dresden museum was also criticized but , he says , he never doubted it . "  Once you hit on the right idea , it 's not a matter of compromising . Of course , you have to be flexible to work it out , but the big idea has to be so strong , it has to go through fire and still emerge exactly how you wanted it to be . " "  If people enjoy it , the building becomes part of the city , and then people have a different idea of the city . It can have a big role in changing what the world looks like to us . "	Daniel Libeskind 's redesign of the Military History Museum in Dresden is his favorite work to date "  It 's not just about weapons and rockets ... it 's about people 's decisions and how people view the world , " Libeskind says Polish-born architect wishes he had designed the Eiffel Tower , in Paris "  It 's completely uncharacteristic of Paris , and yet it 's such a fantastic building , " he says
CNN  -- Smarting from their first back-to-back defeats in nearly three years , Barcelona are on the defensive for a change as they approach Tuesday 's Champions League semifinal second leg against Chelsea . Barcelona all but surrendered the Spanish league title with Saturday 's 2-1 home loss to Real Madrid that came days after a 1-0 defeat at Stamford Bridge in the first leg . Barca defender Gerard Pique strongly rejected any suggestion that his club might be in the midst of a more deep-seated crisis , and that the losses could signal the beginning of the end of a glittering era . "  A team that has won 13 trophies in three and a half years deserves more credit than that , " he said . "  Other teams need to win more championships before we start talking like that . We deserve respect . " Coach Pep Guardiola was equally bullish in his news conference before the match , even swearing as he defended his decision to play the inexperienced Cristian Tello against Madrid . Guardiola has seen his side dominate possession against both Chelsea and Madrid yet struggle to find a way to goal , with Lionel Messi failing to add to his 63 goals for the season . "  I do n't know if this is the most important moment of my career as a coach , " Guardiola said of the Chelsea game . "  But I have always faced these challenges with a lot of optimism as I believe in my players and team . " Madrid now lead the Spanish league by seven points with four games remaining , with midfielder Xavi conceding that a fourth straight title "  is practically impossible . " But Barcelona could still end the season as winners of the Champions League and Copa del Rey . The Catalans have already won the Club World Cup , the European Supercup and the Spanish Supercup . "  We 'll keep fighting , because we know that it 's still in our own hands to have a good season , " Xavi said on Barcelona 's official website . Chelsea have n't lost in six meetings with Barcelona and won the home leg thanks to a determined defensive display and a Didier Drogba goal just before half time . Guardiola has the option of restoring Pique to his starting lineup to combat Drogba 's strength , having sprung a surprise by leaving the Spain international out of both the first leg and the game against Madrid . Pique said he is n't taking it personally . "  For me , the important issue is n't whether I play tomorrow , " he said . "  For me , the main thing is that we win and reach the final . "  It is a new situation for me because I 'm used to playing and in the last matches I have not had a chance to play . But it 's a technical decision of the manager and I have to respect that . " Barcelona go into Tuesday 's match having won their last 15 home matches in the Champions League . Chelsea , meanwhile , have only won once on the road in Europe this season . But Chelsea have found a unity under interim coach Roberto di Matteo that seemed to be lacking under previous manager Andre Villas Boas , and they are unbeaten in 13 of 14 matches since the Italian took charge . "  His message is clearly aimed at team spirit -- fighting , " Chelsea striker Fernando Torres told the UEFA website . "  You have to fight and then your talent will come through afterwards . When all of that comes together , you 'll overcome your opponent most of the time . " That was never more evident than in Chelsea 's first leg performance . Barcelona had 72 % of the possession and six shots on target . Chelsea had one -- Drogba 's goal . "  Many teams who play Barcelona think that you have to steal the ball from them , but I do n't think that 's possible , " Torres said . "  You have to use different weapons against them . If you want to steal the ball , you wo n't manage it and you 'll get tired , and then create more space for your opponent . " Barcelona 's last Champions League exit in 2010 came in the semifinal at the hands of Jose Mourinho 's Inter Milan side , which won the first leg 3-1 before producing an ultra-defensive display at the Camp Nou to win 3-2 on aggregate . But Di Matteo said he wo n't send his side out to play for a goalless draw . "  The tie is half time , it 's 50-50 . Both teams still have the same chance to go through , " he said . "  I do think we will have to try to score . "	Barcelona head into Champions League semifinal second leg against Chelsea trailing 1-0 Pep Guardiola 's team have lost back-to-back matches for the first time since May 2009 Barca could recall defender Gerard Pique for Tuesday 's game Chelsea coach Roberto di Matteo insists his team will try to score
CNN  -- Jennifer Tyrrell dislikes public speaking so much that when she was in high school , she almost failed marketing because she did n't want to speak in front of the class . But when the Boy Scouts of America made a decision that hurt her little boy Cruz , she did what any mother would do -- set aside her own fear , spoke up and , with the help of family and friends , is fighting back . "  I 've never been involved with any kind of activism or anything like that before , so this is all new to me , " the mother of four said . "  All I know is this has got to stop . " And by "  this , " she is referring to the Boy Scouts ' policy of banning gays and lesbians from being members or serving as leaders . Earlier this month Tyrrell was forced to resign as den leader of the Tiger Cubs for Pack 109 in Bridgeport , Ohio , because the national office learned she is a lesbian . So even though everyone in the local chapter loved her , she was forced out by the discrimination that is woven into the organization 's bylaws . The cubs of Pack 109 are upset . But none more than Cruz , who is being forced to be away from his friends and is too young to fully understand why . He 's only 7 . He was n't brought up to dislike people because they are different . He 's too young to understand bigotry . Which is why Tyrrell is not taking any of this lying down . She started a change.org petition , in protest of the Boy Scout policy , that has amassed more than 120,000 signatures in a matter of days . I met Tyrrell and her beautiful family at the 23rd annual GLAAD Awards this past weekend . Numerous celebrities took the stage that night , but only Tyrrell managed to hush the crowd , save for a few sobs . I can remember sitting there wondering : What in the hell is wrong with them ? The Girl Scouts of America , the Boys & Girls Clubs of America , as well as the 4-H Club all welcome gay kids and adult leaders , and none of those organizations bursts into flames . Needing answers , I reached out to the Boy Scouts and Deron Smith , the organization 's director of public relations , sent me an official statement that in part read : "  Our focus is on delivering the nation 's foremost youth program of character development and values-based leadership training . Our mission does not include teaching young people about sex or sexual orientation , and we do not believe it is Scouting 's role to introduce this topic in our youth development program . " Fair enough . So I asked Smith via e-mail if the group had received complaints that Tyrrell was attempting to turn the Scouts into an unofficial sex ed camp . He did n't answer that question . When I asked if heterosexuals were banned for being heterosexuals , Smith said , "  Heterosexuality does not conflict with Scouting 's policy and is not a reason for removal from the program . However , if a leader chose to make it a focus of his or her time with youth they could be removed from the program . " Now I 've never sat in one of Tyrrell 's meetings , and so I ca n't speak as to what she did or did not do . So I asked some folks who would know , the parents of Pack 109 . "  I 'm not a city person , " said Robert Dunn . "  I 'm just a backwoods hick , and I do n't think anybody around here have an issue with homosexuals . She did a wonderful job , and what they did to her was just horrible . "  When I told my son Jen was kicked out because she is gay , he did n't know what was wrong because he thought gay meant happy . He 's just devastated . " Don Thomas , who has a grandson in Pack 109 , e-mailed me , saying either he or his wife has been to "  every cub scout meeting my grandson has attended , also to every function , community event , Salvation Army ringing bells , collection of food for the needy ... etc. . I do not know where you are getting your information , but never ever has sex been brought up , not in any way shape or form . In fact , I was not aware of Jen even being gay for quite some time ... was n't an issue or concern . " My favorite response came from Crystal Sabinsky , who said , "  the boys knew her as Tiger Leader Jen , not Gay Tiger Leader Jen . They are only first graders . Most do n't even understand what ` gay ' or ` lesbian ' mean . " So again , I sit and wonder : What in the hell is wrong with them ? While it 's commendable that Tyrrell is fighting , I 'm ticked off that she has to . It 's 2012 , for heaven 's sake . Who , after the zoo-like Casey Anthony trial , still believes being straight automatically makes you a good influence to have around children ? Tyrrell is clearly just a good mother , trying to invest in her son . She did n't ask to be den leader a little over a year ago -- she was selected because the pack loves her . She was chosen to be treasurer because everyone trusts her . Maybe being loved and trusted conflicts with the values of the Boy Scouts , because according to the folks who were actually around Tyrrell , sexual orientation was never added to the handbook . It just does n't make sense . Then again , bigotry never does . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	An Ohio mother who is gay has been kicked out as a Cub Scout den mother LZ Granderson says she was a model leader , admired by scouts and parents He asks why her sexual orientation is an issue for the Boy Scouts
CNN  -- Afghanistan 's recent signings of strategic partnerships with the United States and other countries have provided a measure of reassurance to Afghans about the international community 's sustained engagement in the country beyond 2014 , when the drawdown of NATO combat forces will be complete . But these documents are short on specifics and do not fully tackle the political , economic and regional challenges that need to be addressed so the Afghan army and police can take responsibility for the security of the country . To give this transition a real chance of succeeding , Afghanistan and its partners need to concentrate on the risks and challenges in the critical next two years . At the NATO summit in Chicago beginning Sunday , the withdrawal timetable of international forces from Afghanistan and future commitments to support the Afghan government and army after the drawdown will be key areas of discussion . A user 's guide to the Chicago NATO summit The U.S. political strategy in Afghanistan remains largely focused on talks with the Taliban , and a chorus of voices inside and outside the government is optimistically making the case that the Taliban have reformed and can be "  reconciled . " While there is general consensus among Afghans that a broad-based and inclusive reconciliation is necessary to end the conflict , key questions remain about the political order that may emerge from such a process . This lack of discussion has amplified fears among the Afghan population of a grand bargain either between the United States and Pakistan or between the Afghan government and a resurgent Taliban -- tacitly endorsed by NATO countries seeking a face-saving exit -- that could undo the social gains and ethnic pluralism in current Afghan politics . These concerns are already creating fractures in the fragile political balance among Afghanistan 's various ethnic powers and exacerbating fears of a civil war once the international troops exit . NATO invites Pakistan to Chicago summit Afghans also remain concerned about the 2014 presidential elections , when President Hamid Karzai is due to step down . The absence of an "  inevitable " candidate and political trust are likely to lead to an enormously challenging electoral environment , rife with legitimate worries about voter fraud . To instill confidence in the process , the international community needs to assist Afghan efforts to ensure credible elections through technical and diplomatic support . All Afghan political actors need to be on board for changes planned in the electoral process . This will also be an opportunity to offer any reconcilable Taliban a chance to be part of the election process . The most critical element to securing peace in Afghanistan will be convincing Pakistan to close down Taliban sanctuaries . While Pakistan and Afghanistan have set up joint mechanisms aimed at establishing more firm control over Taliban contacts , Afghans continue to believe that Islamabad 's policy gurus will continue to use its control over the Taliban as bargaining chips in order to retain maximum leverage on reconciliation and the post-2014 political order in Afghanistan . NATO 's post-Afghanistan future unclear A jittery Iran , incensed by the U.S.-Afghan partnership , also has the potential to foment instability . China , the central Asian republics , India , Russia , Saudi Arabia and Turkey are other key regional players that are anxious about the form the post-2014 political order will take . If more is not done to address their concerns , these regional actors may revert to supporting competing factional elements in Afghanistan and feed the conflict as they did during its 1990s civil war . Afghans are trying to soften the blow to the economy that will follow the NATO drawdown and to move toward sustainability through regional economic cooperation , agricultural development , mining and associated infrastructure improvement . While this strategy is necessary for the long-term , Afghans want to see clear signs that steps are being taken to avoid repeating the lawlessness and violence that followed when Moscow cut billions of dollars of aid to the Najibullah regime in 1991 . To bolster confidence in the economy 's sustainability , the international community will need to pace the reduction of aid , work with the Afghan government to create an enabling environment for foreign investment and support economic projects in the areas of mining , infrastructure and trade . It will also have to ensure that the tools for allocating and managing aid money are improved to minimize the possibility that these vital resources will be squandered through corruption and wasteful spending . Afghanistan -- located in the heart of the most dangerous neighborhood in the world -- still matters , and the security concerns of the United States and the international community will continue to be affected by instability in Afghanistan and Pakistan . The task ahead , in Chicago and later this summer at a conference on Afghanistan in Tokyo , is to focus concretely on how best to restructure and reprioritize international efforts to strengthen the prospects for a successful political , economic and military transition to a sovereign and stable Afghanistan . That will be the real test facing a fatigued international community and concerned Afghans . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Rina Amiri and Omar Samad .	Afghanistan 's future will be a focus at the NATO summit in Chicago on Sunday Rina Amiri and Omar Samad : The U.S. 's political strategy involves talks with the Taliban Afghans worry about the political order that may emerge , say Amiri and Samad Amiri and Samad : Afghans are also trying to prepare the economy for NATO 's drawdown
Hong Kong , China  CNN  -- Humor was Jami Gong 's answer to helping revive New York City 's Chinatown in the aftermath of the September 11 , 2001 , attacks . Born and raised in Chinatown , where the Twin Towers of the World Trade Center long stood as beacons over his street , Gong was awoken by his sister after the first plane had crashed into the North Tower . He grabbed his camera , caught a glimpse of the second plane before it hit the South Tower and watched helplessly , as both towers collapsed . "  I know that any one of us could have been there , " said Gong , who once worked inside the South Tower 's shopping mall before moving to another store , in an interview in Hong Kong last month . As New York struggled to recover , Chinatown -- about a 20-minute walk from Ground Zero -- turned into a ghost town . Roads closed , deliveries stopped . "  Only residents , police everywhere , " Gong , now 42 , recalled . Three-quarters of Chinatown workers -- nearly 25,000 -- were laid off , with the garment industry losing nearly $ 500 million in the year after the attacks , according to a 2002 report by the Asian American Federation of New York . One year later , more than 90 % of surveyed restaurants , garment factories and jewelry stores were anticipating "  an inability to recover " to pre-September 11 business levels , the report said . Chinatown shaken by ` double whammy ' And then in February 2003 , Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome , or SARS , hit Asia . Rumors flew , including an email hoax that SARS had hit Chinatowns across the United States . No confirmed cases of SARS were found in New York City , but for Chinatown it was a "  double whammy , " said Gong , who had served as a tour guide in Chinatown in addition to his job in retail . "  Again , no one went down to Chinatown to eat . Business plummeted . " Also not helping was the general state of the U.S. economy , by then impacted by war in Afghanistan as well as the run-up to the invasion of Iraq . With friends , Gong started "  TakeOut Comedy , " a series of shows intended to revitalize nightlife in Chinatown . The shows sold out . As head of the New York chapter of the Organization of Chinese Americans , Gong also organized a SARS  Support Asian RestaurantS  rally in Chinatown , encouraging people to eat at their favorite Chinatown restaurants . Gong had first conceived of bringing comedy to Chinatown during a plane ride months earlier to see his ailing grandmother in Hong Kong . He wrote his ideas on a sick bag and was eager to share them with her , but upon landing , learned she had died while he was en route . It was she who had made him embrace his Chinese roots . "  My grandmother was a big inspiration in my life , " Gong said . "  She worked hard to put all six of us -LSB- grandchildren -RSB- in college . " Asian-Americans were typically stereotyped as lawyers , doctors and engineers -- but aside from Jackie Chan and Margaret Cho , where were the entertainers , Gong wondered . He quit his day job to dedicate himself to finding them . The 9/11 attacks were the catalyst for the shows in Chinatown , but Gong had found what he wanted to do for the rest of his life . In 2004 he staged the first TakeOut Comedy Competition , pitting 50 Asian-American comedians from across the United States . The competition would launch winner Paul Ogata 's comedic career . Gong then launched a six-city national tour with Ogata and a handful of other top Asian-American comedians , billing them "  Asian Kings of Comedy . " Having made several trips to Hong Kong over the years , he wondered why there had n't been a full-time comedy club there . Gong spent the next two years researching . Besides Dayo Wong and Michael Hui , where were the other local comedians ? As Gong put it : "  Who 's finding the next Dayo ? " Heading for Hong Kong - and a new audience Gong left New York to launch Hong Kong 's -- and what he says is also Asia 's -- first full-time comedy club in 2007 . The idea was to teach comedy and educate crowds more accustomed to Chinese slapstick than English-language sarcasm . "  Chinese do n't get the sarcasm , " Gong said . "  They 'll take things literally . You do n't blame them . " He still gets calls asking if shows require standing up all night , he says . TakeOut Comedy has several bilingual comedians . Last year , in an odd twist , Andrew Chu , a native Cantonese speaker won "  Funniest English Comedian , while Christopher "  M " Mellen won "  Funniest Chinese Comedian . " Another comedian , Vivek Mahbubani , has taken home both honors in recent years . "  With TakeOut Comedy , you get a regular platform . Like with any other skill , you need to keep practicing to get better , " said Mahbubani , 28 , who now teaches Cantonese workshops there . By day , he is a self-employed web designer and developer . The group 's members give each other feedback , rewrite , refine and then perform in front of an audience , he said . Chu , a fan of American comedians and TV shows like "  South Park " and "  The Simpsons , " said humor forced him to change his point of view , including dealing with sadness in the world . He credited Gong 's English workshop for teaching him basics from holding the mic stand to writing jokes based on his observations and how others see him . "  My English is so bad -- that 's why it 's so funny , " he quipped . By day , the 28-year-old does data entry for a financial institution . Then there is James  "  James Lee "  Collison , a 36-year-old intellectual property attorney , who had also never done standup before TakeOut Comedy . Months after it opened , a friend suggested they try an open-mic night . The preparation paid off ; within days , they were enlisted to do weekend shows -- and then TakeOut 's charity shows . It was at such a function for the American Chamber of Commerce that he met his future wife , who worked for the organization . "  Stephanie was at the door giving out name tags . And I went up and asked for a nametag . She said no , " he recalled . No payment , no nametag . "  I did n't explain I was a comic , " he said . Later after finding out that he was , she did give him a nametag . Cards were exchanged , then dinner , and now four years later they 're married . Just this week , Collison did his first standup in Singapore where they recently moved . "  If I learned anything about the comedy thing , it 's this neverending process that you keep working at . " Gong sees laughter as the glue that brings people together and the club as a way for people to boost confidence , creativity , self-esteem and public speaking . Moreover , it 's a platform for talented people to get discovered , he pointed out . "  I want to unite the world through laughter , " he said .	Gong watched the World Trade Center 's Twin Towers fall from his street in Chinatown Chinatown was hard hit after the September 11 , 2001 , attacks and then the SARS scare Gong helped start "  TakeOut Comedy " to revitalize Chinatown , find Asian-American comics He later took "  TakeOut Comedy " to Hong Kong , city of his grandmother who inspired him
Jakarta , Indonesia  CNN  -- Muslims staged rallies across Indonesia on Sunday to protest U.S. President Barack Obama 's planned visit to the southeast Asian nation this week . The protests -- organized by Muslim group Hizbut Tahrir -- included women and children . "  We do n't see the differences between Obama and Bush , they both oppress Muslims , they both have blood on their hands , " said Ismail Yusanto , a spokesman for the Muslim group in Indonesia . "  That 's why we reject Obama and we do n't believe that he 's reaching out to Muslims . " The spokesman said about 20,000 people attended the rallies . With about 205 million Muslims , Indonesia is the world 's largest Muslim country , according to the Pew Forum on Religion & Public Life in Washington , D.C. . More than one in 10 of the world 's Muslims live there . Although it has a reputation for being home to a relatively tolerant and easy-going brand of Islam , a Pew Forum analysis rates it as having high levels of legal restrictions on religion and religious social tension . Government restrictions on religion are tighter in Indonesia than in Russia or Turkey , and social tensions are higher than in Nigeria or Egypt , the think tank says . Obama is scheduled to arrive in Jakarta on Tuesday as part of a 10-day visit to India , Indonesia , South Korea and Japan . He is expected to finalize a comprehensive partnership with Indonesia . Obama spent part of his childhood in Indonesia . On Wednesday , the president will visit Istiqlal mosque . He will also address the biggest Muslim nation from an undetermined location . However , Muslims in Indonesia remain pessimistic . "  Obama can talk all he wants in Cairo and in Jakarta , the fact is that he still has his troops in war with Muslims , " Yusanto said . "  It 's all lip service . " Protesters chanted "  No Obama " and held up posters that said "  Stop oppressor . " Obama 's visit to Asia started Saturday with a three-day visit to India . His visit to India -- the third largest economy and one of the world 's few growth markets -- also includes meeting with Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in New Delhi and addressing the nation 's parliament .	NEW : Indonesia is the world 's largest Muslim country , a think tank says Obama spent part of his childhood in Indonesia Protesters include women and children "  Obama and Bush , they both oppress Muslims , " says a spokesman
CNN  Zarine and Shafi Khan saw their son growing distant for months . But they say they did n't realize what was happening -- until it was too late . "  For the past few months , he was very quiet and he wanted isolation because he was watching or doing something on social media . And that 's why he was brainwashed , " Zarine Khan said in an exclusive interview with CNN 's "  AC360 " Thursday . Now Mohammed Hamzah Khan , 19 , is accused of trying to support ISIS . This week he pleaded not guilty to a federal charge of attempting to provide material support to a foreign terrorist organization . Outside the courtroom in Chicago , his mother told reporters she had a message for the terror group 's leader : "  Leave our children alone . " "  They 're misusing the children 's innocence , " Zarine Khan told CNN 's Anderson Cooper Thursday . "  The children are gullible . They 're vulnerable . Their thinking skills have not completely developed and these people are preying on that . " ISIS , an extremist Islamist group , has been fighting to take over a swath of territory in Iraq and Syria , where it wants to establish a caliphate or Islamic state . The group regularly uses social media to promote its goals , posting videos of brutal violence and using hashtags for other stories in the news to disseminate its message . Authorities arrested Mohammed Khan at O'Hare International Airport in October as he was about to embark on a flight to Istanbul . In a letter he left behind for his parents , he wrote that he was leaving the United States and on his way to join ISIS , according to a criminal complaint . He invited them to join him in the "  Islamic State , " but he warned them not to tell anyone about his travel plans . The letter shocked them , his mother said . "  The things in those letters did not reflect the upbringing they got . Those values , they do n't come from us . It was so out of sync . It was so out of place , " she said . Thomas Durkin , the teen 's attorney , said the case was a sign of "  nothing but immaturity . " "  There are thousands of kids doing this , and I think that 's part of the point , what 's causing them to do it ? I do n't believe , in my client 's case , it 's because he 's a violent person and wants to go kill people , " Durkin said . "  I think he was a misguided young man who got manipulated by social media . " During questioning at the airport , Mohammed Khan told FBI agents that a person he met online had given him the phone number of a person to call once he arrived in Istanbul , federal authorities said in October . That person , Khan allegedly told the agents , was to take him to ISIS territory . According to the complaint , Khan told authorities he was planning on being in some type of public service -- like a police force -- or providing humanitarian work or in a combat role . ISIS has successfully recruited large numbers of foreign fighters from across the globe , including from the United States and Western Europe . Turkey , the complaint notes , is a common transit point for foreign fighters from Western countries who travel to join ISIS . If it were n't for the Internet , his mother now says , "  he would never be in the situation he is in today . " So what 's her message for other parents ? "  Maybe the mistake we made was maybe we protected our children . We were trying to protect our culture or values . Maybe that was a mistake , " Zarine Khan said . "  I would tell them to expose their children more to what 's going on in the world , help them develop critical thinking skills to differentiate between the good and the bad guys . " CNN 's Michael Martinez and George Howell contributed to this report .	Mohammed Hamzah Khan is accused of trying to support ISIS The Illinois teen 's parents says social media brainwashed his son
CNN  -- With the World Series on the line , radio stations in San Francisco are n't taking any chances . Starting Tuesday the San Francisco Giants will face off against the Kansas City Royals in baseball 's championship series , and two local radio stations decided they 'd send a message . "  No offense , Lorde , but for the duration of the World Series , KFOG Radio will be a "  Royals " - free zone , " the radio station posted on it 's Facebook page . "  We 're sure you understand . " 7 reasons why Kansas City 's a winner Lorde , the 17-year-old pop star from New Zealand , won a song of the year Grammy earlier this year for her No. 1 hit , "  Royals . " KOIT said its ban was prompted by listener complaints . "  So @ 965KOIT banned the Lorde song Royals ? That 's awesome ! " tweeted someone known as The Sassy PETIT . But not everyone thinks the ban rules . Louis Vargas opined on KFOG 's Facebook page that the ban will make no difference in the series outcome , calling the move absurd . Tony Last complained that the song does n't actually have "  anything to do with the opposing team . " Others commented that the lyrics actually seem to be anti-Royals . "  We 'll never be royals , " Lorde sings . "  It dd n't run in our blood . " Still others , not caught up in the love affair , greeted the announcement with more of a shrug . "  Is n't that song so last year ? " commented Jennifer Farr Hutchison on KFOG 's Facebook page . "  Feel free to make that a permanent policy , " wrote an apparent "  Royals " hater . The Kiwi sensation may be banned in the Bay Area , but in Kansas City they 're letting her rule their airwaves . Kansas City 's 99.7 The Point put out a plans to play "  Royals " at the top of every hour on the opening night of the World Series . "  A few angry San Franciscans who do n't have a song called ` Giants ' wo n't rain on our parade , " the station 's program director is quoted as saying .	San Francisco stations ban No. 1 hit "  Royals " from Bay Area radio prior to World Series Station in Kansas City to put song on heavy rotation on first night of series Giants and Royals face off in Game 1 of World Series Tuesday night
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A U.S. professor claims he has identified the parts of the brain that help to make someone a good leader . Pierre Balthazard is using EEG to find out what parts of the brain are involved in leadership . Pierre Balthazard , an associate professor at the Carey School of Business at Arizona State University , also says he can use neuroscientific techniques to help people improve the skills that play a part in leadership . Balthazard uses electroencephalography  EEG  to produce a "  brain map " of his subjects . By attaching electrodes to their heads , he says he can measure electrical activity generated by neurons in their brain . Much of his work has focused on calibrating the EEG data with standard psychometric tests , and now Balthazard says that just by looking at someone 's brain map he can predict their capacity for certain traits linked to leadership . "  From someone 's brain map I can tell if someone would rank high , medium or low on a psychometric assessment of their transformational leadership , and just that is an earth-shattering finding , " he told CNN . He has been working with the U.S. military to produce a model that will allow them to scan soldiers ' brains for complexity . The idea is that more complex brains produce better situational awareness and adaptive thinking -- essential skills for the modern soldier , who must be able to transition from front-line combat to nation building . He refers to traits like complexity and transformational leadership as antecedents to leadership itself . But for Balthazard , the ability to assess these skills is only half the story . What really excites him is the possibility of brain training and improving leadership skills . "  If you could only assess and not develop then it 's only an exercise in social engineering , and that 's of no interest to me , " he said . Balthazard explained that brains can be trained using positive and negative reinforcement , in the same way that disorders like ADD are treated . A subject is wired to software programmed to recognize "  correct " functioning of a specific part of the brain . If the brain is n't performing correctly , there is a negative reinforcement , such as a noise emitted from a speaker at an unpleasant frequency . "  The brain is amazing at adjusting so it does n't get the negative feedback , " he told CNN . But others think it may prove difficult to develop something as intangible as leadership . Dr Bob Kentridge , a member of the Cognitive Neuroscience Research Unit at Durham University , in England , told CNN , "  Even if you find differences in the brains of people with different leadership abilities , it 's very difficult to say if that difference is just related to leadership . "  It could be due to all sorts of things that might be fairly tangentially related to leadership . " "  Leadership is such a fuzzy quality that it 's hard to say conclusively what you are changing , " Kentridge added . "  You might change things that contribute to leadership , for example people might learn to stay calmer in conflict situations , but is that the same as saying you 're improving the leadership center of your brain ? " So , what 's inside the brain of a born leader ? Interestingly , intelligence is not a requirement . "  There 's zero correlation between IQ and leadership , " Balthazard told CNN . "  Emotion control has a lot to do with leadership . People who lead very well tend to have a much more coherent brain on the emotional , right side , and more differentiated brain on the more rational , left side , that can assess more different options . " Balthazard says that although he has identified brain profiles for antecedents to leadership , he stresses that before he can produce a set of exercises designed to improve leadership itself , he must develop a "  leadership norm " -- a standard for what makes a good leader . He has currently analyzed the brains of between 200 and 225 subjects , including bankers and military leaders , and says he must test twice that amount before he has his "  norm . " But he said plenty of people are already going to neurotherapists to train their brain for skills linked to leadership , such as decision-making , cognition , and memory retrieval , and Balthazard says he 'll soon be able to use neuotherapy techniques to develop leadership itself . "  At some point in the next 18 months we 'll have a seminal paper out that says we 've done this . We 're not there yet but I 've seen it in the lab . " If that happens , budding CEOs might be queuing up at neurotherapists to plug themselves in and turn themselves into the business brains of the future .	Researcher says he can spot a good leader just by scanning their brain Pierre Balthazard is a business professor who uses neuroscientific methods There is no correlation between intelligence and leadership , he says He hopes to improve people 's leadership by working on brain function
The U.S. government moved on Friday to essentially prohibit the sale or distribution of three synthetic forms of marijuana , also known as "  fake pot . " The Drug Enforcement Administration  DEA  issued a legal notice classifying the substances as Schedule 1 drugs . It said they are popular on the street and represent a serious public health issue . The Justice Department , working with federal health officials , has determined the substances , with street names like Spice and K2 , have resulted in many visits to emergency rooms or calls to poison control centers . Teen narrowly escapes death after smoking synthetic marijuana The most common reactions are vomiting , anxiety , hallucinations , seizures , high blood pressure , or loss of consciousness , the DEA said . Officials say nearly all the synthetic marijuana mixtures are imported from Asia -- mostly China and India . Five other forms of "  fake pot " were banned two years ago , authorities said . The posting of the notice on Friday means the prohibition can take effect within 30 days .	Drug Enforcement Administration and Justice Department take action Legal notice essentially prohibits sale or distribution of three synthetic forms of marijuana Officials say substances with names like Spice and K2 represent serious health concern Their use has resulted in many health emergencies , officials said
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Elizabeth Taylor checked out of a Los Angeles hospital "  sore , but intact , " the actress said in an online message posted Friday evening . Elizabeth Taylor posted on her Twitter account that she was grieving for her close friend Michael Jackson . Taylor , 77 , used her Twitter handle , @DameElizabeth , to tell fans that she was home , just as she did last week to announce she would go into a hospital to "  to complete a test I was in the middle of . " Her publicist this week denied tabloid rumors that her hospitalization was brought on by her grief over the sudden death of her close friend Michael Jackson in June . Taylor , in her latest tweets , addressed her sadness over Jackson 's death : "  I 'm home from the hospital sore , but intact . Of course I 'm still grieving for Michael ... I always will . " "  But as I said before I went into the hospital , ' I am a survivor , ' " Taylor tweeted . "  I 've had many tragedies in my life , but I guess they have all taught me something . I have to look at it that way . " "  I have to be stronger and more appreciative of what I do have . " "  I give love and I 'm surrounded by love ... and I thank God for that . " Twitter is a social networking site that allows users to update what they are doing using 140 characters or less . Taylor regularly posts short messages to her 116,000 Twitter followers through the account she opened earlier this year at the suggestion of her close friend , author and actress Kathy Ireland , publicist Dick Guttman said . She posted emotional messages earlier this month to counter rumors about how she was dealing with the news of Jackson 's death . "  Although my grief over Michael could not be any deeper , I am not on suicide watch as some of the cheaper ` rags ' would have you believe , " Taylor tweeted July 5 . A New York Post column published Tuesday quoted an unidentified source saying she was hospitalized because the "  heart 's gone out of her " after Jackson 's death . Taylor , who uses a wheelchair because of scoliosis , or abnormal curving of the spine , gave fans several days advance notice of her hospitalization . "  I wanted you my friends to know that I 'm going into the hospital Wednesday or Thursday to complete a test I was in the middle of , " she wrote . Taylor said she declined an invitation to speak about Jackson at his public memorial because she "  can not be part of the public hoopla . " "  I just do n't believe that Michael would want me to share my grief with millions of others , " Taylor tweeted . "  How I feel is between us . Not a public event . " "  I certainly do n't want to become a part of it , " she said . "  I love him too much . ... And I can not guarantee that I would be coherent to say a word . "	"  Sore " Elizabeth Taylor "  tweets " about leaving hospital Taylor says she went to hospital "  to complete a test " Famed actress says she still mourns loss of close friend Michael Jackson Tragedies "  have all taught me something , " Taylor says
CNN  -- Willis Edwards , longtime president of the Beverly Hills/Hollywood branch of the NAACP and key to launching the NAACP Image Awards on national television , died Friday in Mission Hills , California , according to a spokeswoman for Providence Holy Cross Medical Center . Edwards , born in Texas and raised in Palm Springs , California , was 66 . The cause of the civil rights pioneer 's death was not immediately available . Edwards became active in politics while attending California State University , Los Angeles , according to TheHistoryMakers.com , which preserves the life stories of thousands of African-Americans . Edwards served on the Social Services Commission after Tom Bradley was elected Los Angeles mayor , according to Lauren Tobin , a spokeswoman for the Edwards family . NAACP backs same-sex marriage Four years after an unsuccessful run for the California General Assembly , Edwards was elected president of the Beverly Hills/Hollywood Branch of the NAACP in 1982 , according to the website . More recently , he served as the chapter 's first vice president . Edwards , who was vice president of development and planning for the Rosa & Raymond Parks Institute , also led the campaign to get Rosa Parks on a U.S. postage stamp in 2006 . Edwards was also close to many in the entertainment , civil rights and political worlds . "  Willis Edwards was a national leader for the NAACP and a partner with the City of Los Angeles in the struggle for equality and justice for all people , " Los Angeles Mayor Antonio R. Villaraigosa said in a statement . "  I was proud to call him a personal friend for over 20 years in the struggle for civil liberties . " Others echoed that sentiment . "  Willis was that guy who really found the joy and beauty of people . But in hindsight , he had probably been the only one like him in many rooms , " California Attorney General Kamala Harris told CNN . "  He was always exuberant in his infectious belief that being present and involved in the electoral process makes a difference . He was a dear friend . " Edwards , who was HIV-positive , was a strong advocate for AIDS-related issues . "  I remember having dinner with Willis Edwards in Philadelphia at the NABJ  National Association of Black Journalists  Convention in 2011 . He was never ashamed of his HIV-positive status and proudly proclaimed , ' I fought AIDS to a standstill , ' " said CNN assignment editor Greg Morrison . "  He was a vibrant man who engaged in conversation with everybody he met , " Morrison added . "  His passion was making sure the African-American community addressed the issue of AIDS education without flinching . " Phill Wilson , president and CEO of the Black AIDS Institute , reflected on Edwards ' resourcefulness . NAACP president : Voter ID requirements are like Jim Crow voter oppression laws "  The thing about Willis is that he was one of those people in the tradition of the black experience of making a way out of no way , " Wilson said . Former U.S. Rep. Diane Watson knew Edwards for more than 40 years , going back to when he was student body president in college . She said he was known around town as "  The Fixer . " "  Willis could get you into anything , any party , any private event . He just knew everybody , " said Watson , a former U.S. ambassador to Micronesia . "  Willis could talk his way into Fort Knox with two guns blazing . "	Willis Edwards was longtime president of the Beverly Hills/Hollywood branch He also was key to launching the NAACP Image Awards Edwards was raised in Palm Springs
CNN  Forget the bread and milk . Some snowbound New Yorkers are seeking a more , er , intimate kind of nourishment . With a massive storm expected to drop up to 3 feet of snow on the Northeast U.S. before it ends Tuesday , a flurry of New Yorkers are placing online ads seeking "  blizzard buddies " for companionship , snuggling and , in so many words , sex . A search of Craiglist 's recent personal ads for "  snow " or "  blizzard " turns up scores of New York-area listings -- many not safe for work -- from city dwellers looking for someone to hook up with while the storm rages outside . "  Seeking snuggle buddy for upcoming blizzard . Will make u pancakes and coffee and hot chocolate all day . You 'll also get my Netflix password . I have lots of thick blankets and interesting books to read if we get snowed in , " read one of the tamer listings , from a 26-year-old man in Ridgewood , New Jersey . "  As we all know Snow Sandy is coming our way , and there is nothing worse than being trapped along in your apartment with nothing to do . As such why not ride out the blizzard with me ? " asked a New York man who gave his name as Alex. "  I 'm tall and athletic 6 ' 2 " 185 , and generally considered to be good looking , smart , and funny . I 'm a great snuggler , and excellent cook , and should it get that far ... " added the would-be Lothario , who then went on to describe his other , um , physical attributes . A 26-year-old resident of New York 's West Village tried to entice women with an offer of "  endless movies , cookies , whiskey and red wine , occasional work on a strictly as-needed basis , potential igloo-making in a private garden and making out . " Then there was the guy in New York 's Chelsea neighborhood who posted a shirtless photo of himself , flexing his biceps , along with this greeting : "  What 's up ladies , Snowing outside . I can make it snow inside too . " We 're not even sure what that means . Many of the ads contained euphemistic references to "  cuddling " or "  snuggling , " although some blizzard booty calls were much more explicit . A few included photos of ... body parts . Most of the listings were from men seeking women or other men , but some women placed snow-buddy ads as well . "  Looking for someone interesting to platonically chat with during the snow and see where it goes , " posted a 47-year-old woman seeking a "  snow friend . " Of course , the "  casual encounters " section of Craigslist has long been a hotbed of sexual solicitations and even alleged prostitution , but the "  blizzard buddy " wrinkle appears to be new . On social media , however , many observers expressed horror at the idea of being trapped in a snowbound apartment with a frisky stranger . In fact , at least one Twitter user took the idea of "  horror " literally . "  BRB , registering the name of my new slasher movie screenplay , BLIZZARD BUDDIES , " @walrusmaster wrote .	With storm coming , New Yorkers place online ads seeking "  blizzard buddies " Ads promise snuggling , booze , Netflix , while some imply sex
Muscat , Oman  CNN  -- U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is urging countries in the Persian Gulf region to support Iraq 's newly created government as she prepares to head to an international forum on development and the environment . "  There 's a government in Iraq that 's embraced by the Iraqi people . The attitude toward that government and Iraq among its Arab neighbors is changing . More and more people are seeking out relationships , seeking out trade agreements , opening embassies , " Clinton said . In that regard , Gulf states have "  got more to do , but they 're making progress . ... I 'm encouraged , " she said . Clinton spoke to CNN Wednesday in Muscat , Oman , a day before she was to meet with regional leaders in Qatar at the "  Forum for the Future . " In late December , the Iraqi parliament voted in Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki 's government , which is inclusive of Iraq 's major ethnic and sectarian groups . The long-awaited legislative action came more than nine months after a hotly disputed national election that threatened to inflame the country 's deep sectarian tensions . If other countries in the region do not acknowledge Iraq 's new "  inclusive government , " Clinton said , "  that would be a great mistake . " "  What we see is Iraq increasingly asserting itself . Iran is a big neighbor . Iran is a big presence in this entire region , and obviously , next door to Iraq as well , " she said . "  But we also see the other sets of power in the region beginning to step up and make sure that Iraq is part of the larger community , and that 's very important . " She also insisted that progress is being made regarding Iran , saying the United States has moved the world from merely condemning Iran to enacting sanctions that she says are working . Clinton conceded there 's still a long way to go toward convincing Iran to give up its nuclear ambitions . "  Can we run up the flag and say , oh no , we 've reached the conclusion we sought ? Not yet , but we are making progress , " she said . Clinton 's six-day trip to the region also included a stop in the United Arab Emirates . Before her stop in Oman , she made a surprise visit Tuesday to poverty-stricken Yemen , a key al Qaeda battleground and planning center in recent years . During the wide-ranging interview Wednesday , Clinton defended U.S. expanded efforts to help Yemen . The country has thus far been unable to stop an al Qaeda affiliate from operating in its country , where it planned failed bombing attempts on the United States . "  Walking away from Yemen , not supporting it in both the counterterrorism efforts and its broader development needs , would be ceding the ground to al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , " she said . "  That would be a very tragic mistake . " While in Yemen , she told reporters that the United States wants to take a two-pronged approach to helping that country . One is with military assistance to help fight al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , and the other is to provide help for social and economic development as the nation runs out of oil and water . "  I hope that the American people understand that this is being done because , first and foremost , this is in our national security interest . Walking away from Yemen , not supporting it , in both the counterterrorism efforts and its broader development needs , would be basically ceding the ground to Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . That would be a very tragic mistake , in my opinion , " she said . In her Wednesday interview with CNN , Clinton also reiterated her earlier characterization of the weekend shooting rampage outside an Arizona supermarket as an example of "  extremism . " "  Based on what I know , this is a criminal defendant who was , in some ways , motivated by his own political views ; who had a particular animus toward the congresswoman . And I think when you cross the line from expressing opinions ... into taking action that 's violent action , that is a hallmark of extremism -- whether it comes from the right , the left , from al Qaeda , from anarchists , whoever it is -- that is a form of extremism , " she said . Also in Wednesday 's interview , Clinton described China as a "  big presence in our world today , " adding the United States needs to have a "  positive relationship " with that country because its importance will be even greater in the future . Chinese President Hu Jintao is set to visit Washington next week . Clinton also addressed Lebanon , where members of the powerful Hezbollah movement and its allies resigned from the Cabinet Wednesday , bringing down the government of Prime Minister Saad Hariri . Hezbollah opposes a U.N.-backed special tribunal that is widely expected to indict members of the Shiite Muslim group in the assassination of Rafik Hariri , the current prime minister 's father . "  We view what happened today as a transparent effort by those forces inside Lebanon as well as interests outside Lebanon to subvert justice and undermine Lebanon 's stability and progress , " Clinton said . "  Trying to bring the government down as a way to undermine the special tribunal is the abdication of responsibility , but it also will not work . " CNN 's Laurie Ure contributed to this report .	Clinton says more governments should seek relationships with Iraq She plans to push that point at a meeting Thursday in Qatar , she says Clinton 's trip also includes stops in Oman , the United Arab Emirates and Yemen The secretary of state says that the Arizona attack is an example of "  extremism "
Washington  CNN  -- The pharmaceutical company that makes the prescription pain medications Darvon and Darvocet has agreed to withdraw the drugs from the U.S. market at the request of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration , the FDA said Friday . The FDA says the drug , propoxyphene , puts patients at risk of potentially serious or fatal heart rhythm abnormalities . Since 2009 , 10 million people have been prescribed some form of the drug . "  We recommend to physicians stop prescribing the drugs . As for patients , do not stop taking it , but we urge you to contact your health care professional . Do not delay , " said Gerald Dal Pan , director of the FDA 's Office of Surveillance and Epidemiology . Xanodyne Pharmaceuticals Inc. manufactures Darvon and Darvocet , two brand name versions of propoxyphene . The FDA also asked generic makers of the pain medicine to voluntarily remove their products . The decision to remove the drug came after the FDA reviewed a new trial study that looked at the drug 's impact on heart rhythms . "  The drug 's effectiveness in reducing pain is no longer enough to outweigh the drug 's serious potential heart risks , " the FDA said in a statement released Friday . Propoxyphene , first approved by the FDA in 1957 , is an opioid used to treat mild to moderate pain . It is sold under various names both alone , such as Darvon , or in combination with acetaminophen , such as Darvocet . Since 1978 , the FDA has received two requests to remove propoxyphene from the market , but concluded that the benefits of propoxyphene for pain relief at recommended doses outweighed the safety risks . CNN 's Val Willingham contributed to this report .	Darvon , Darvocet brands pulled along with generics FDA concerned about heart rhythms Generic versions a concern , too
CNN  -- In the wake of the high-profile suicide of a gay Rutgers University student last fall , the New Jersey college will implement gender-neutral housing in an attempt to make the university more inclusive . Twenty to 30 students will participate in a pilot program during the 2011-12 school year , which will allow students to choose their roommates regardless of gender . Three dormitories in New Brunswick , New Jersey , will be part of the pilot program , a Rutgers spokesman said . Students must apply to live in the gender-neutral rooms , which will be reserved for sophomores , juniors and seniors . "  This has been under discussion for a long time , " university officials said in a statement . "  In the aftermath of the Clementi tragedy , members of the university 's LGBTQ community told the administration that gender-neutral housing would help create an even more inclusive environment . Since then , the university has been exploring this in greater detail . " Tyler Clementi , 18 , jumped from the George Washington Bridge in September after two other Rutgers students allegedly videotaped a sexual encounter between him and another man and posted the video online . "  Maybe the outcome would have been different if he had been able to choose his own roommate , " said Yousef Saleh , 22 , president of the Rutgers University Student Assembly . "  At least now there 's an option . " Rutgers junior Ryan Harrington , 21 , said the student body has been pushing for gender-neutral housing for years and most students are happy with the university 's decision . "  It gives people more options and it makes people feel safe in their own living environment , " he said , adding that the issue is especially important for transgender students . Rutgers ' pilot program is a part of a national trend for colleges , said Jeffrey Chang , the co-founder of the National Student Genderblind Campaign , a nonprofit organization that works with college students to develop LGBT policies . Chang estimates that there are 55 universities across the United States that have implemented gender-neutral rooming initiatives . "  I think there definitely has been a really accelerated growth , " said Chang , who is also a law student at Rutgers . "  Just within the past year , we 've seen 10 schools with gender-neutral housing . " Several schools , including Ohio University , Emory University and Columbia University will begin allowing co-ed rooming in the fall as well . George Washington University in Washington , D.C. , is another addition to the list of schools that permit gender-neutral housing . Senior Michael Komo , 22 , helped lead the campaign at his school , which will allow students to choose their roommates in all but three all-girls residence halls during the 2011-12 school year . "  These issues have always been there , but they 're finally getting the attention they need and deserve , " said Komo , who is president of Allied in Pride , a LGBT student organization on campus .	University wants to be more inclusive About 55 other universities have "  gender-neutral " housing , organizer says Rutgers ' impetus was gay student 's suicide
New York  CNN  -- Three bikers have been indicted in connection with a well-publicized clash with a New York SUV driver , the Manhattan District Attorney 's office said Friday . Craig Wright , 29 , and Reginald Chance , 37 , were indicted Friday , according to the district attorney 's office . A third man , Robert Sims , 35 , was indicted on Thursday , it said . Authorities say Alexander Lien was chased by bikers after he initially bumped one during a biker rally on September 29 . When his SUV was surrounded by several bikers , Lien called 9-1-1 , told police he feared for his life and drove off , running over bikers and critically injuring one . Lien 's wife and 2-year-old daughter were in the vehicle with him . Lien has not been charged . The chase that followed ended in traffic . Police say Lien 's windows were smashed ; he was dragged out of the SUV and beaten . He was treated and released from a hospital . Officials did not detail the formal charges against the three men . In New York , charges in an indictment are not announced until defendants have been arraigned and can enter a plea . Chance was accused of using his helmet to smash the SUV window , according to police . The lawyer for Chance concedes his client "  overreacted , " but claims he did not take part in beating the driver . Authorities arrested Wright for allegedly hitting the SUV driver through the window of his vehicle . Sims was accused of stomping on the driver after he was pulled from his SUV , authorities said . Wright , Chance and Sims are scheduled to be arraigned on October 30 , according to the district attorney 's office . At least seven people have been arrested , including the three who were indicted . Authorities , who have appealed for the public 's help in identifying people in photos , have n't ruled out more arrests or charges . Meanwhile , a New York Police officer who works in Internal Affairs joins the ranks of at least two others with the NYPD who waited several days to tell their superiors they were at the rally where the SUV driver was beaten and kicked , according to the lawyer for the officer . "  He did what he had to do  by coming forward  , " the officer 's attorney , Pat Bonanno , told CNN . A law enforcement source , with knowledge of the case , told CNN the Internal Affairs officer did n't report he was at the rally for at least a week . CNN is withholding the officer 's name , who worked for Internal Affairs for five years , because he has not been charged with any wrongdoing at this time . The story was first reported by DNAInfo.com , a site specializing in crime news . Bonanno says the officer belongs to a motorcycle club and was riding with hundreds of bikers who participated in the September 29th rally , but insists he did n't witness the assault on Lien . "  He was n't aware of anything of the nature posted on YouTube and he does n't have any firsthand knowledge of what was going on , " Bonanno said . "  Once all the videos are reviewed and witnesses interviewed , we 'll find that my client has no culpability for anything that happened that day . " Bonanno offered no explanation as to why the officer waited so long to tell his superiors he was there . "  That will be addressed in an appropriate time and manner , " he said . The source , speaking on condition of anonymity , tells CNN authorities are investigating his account . Law enforcement sources have told CNN there were no on-duty police officers riding with the bikers in an undercover capacity . NYPD Deputy Commissioner John McCarthy declined comment as did the Manhattan District Attorney 's office . At least two other officers are under investigation . One of them is Detective Wojciech Braszczok , who faces three felony counts including gang assault . Prosecutors say the off-duty cop is on video allegedly using his fist to bash in the rear window of Lien 's SUV and kick it . Braszczok 's lawyer has denied his client did anything wrong and says video will exonerate him . Another law enforcement source has told CNN another off-duty officer who did n't immediately report the incident was riding with Braszczok . That officer , according to sources , has been reassigned to a desk job . He is not believed to have witnessed the assault and is not expected to be charged , said the source , who was spoke on condition of anonymity . Outlaws or stunt artists ? Watch Piers Morgan Live weeknights 9 p.m. ET . For the latest from Piers Morgan click here .	NEW : A third NYPD officer is under investigation in connection with the clash Craig Wright , 29 , and Reginald Chance , 37 , have been indicted Robert Sims , 35 , also was indicted in the biker clash There have been seven arrests in connection with the clash
Financial Times  -- Irish homeowners applying for debt writedowns will have to give up satellite television , foreign holidays and private school educations for their children under a strict new insolvency law introduced to tackle the country 's debt crisis . On Thursday Ireland 's Insolvency Service set out monthly spending limits for people seeking debt deals from their creditors , highlighting the impact austerity is having on Irish spending habits . A single person will be allowed just â ‚ ¬ 247.04 a month for food , â ‚ ¬ 57.31 for heating and â ‚ ¬ 125.97 for "  social inclusion and participation " , an expenses category that includes tickets for sporting events and the cinema . "  A reasonable standard of living does not mean a person should live at luxury level , said Lorcan O'Connor , director of the newly established Insolvency Service of Ireland . "  But nor does it mean that people should be punished and live only at subsistence level , " In most cases , people seeking debt deals will also have to give up private health insurance and their cars , although they will be able to keep their vehicles if they do not have access to public transportion . The guidelines mark Ireland 's first attempt to quantify acceptable living standards when people declare bankruptcy or reach an insolvency arrangement with creditors under its new insolvency regime . Banks will also use the guidelines as they begin restructuring tens of thousands of home loans over coming months . Stubbornly high unemployment and falling wages , caused by a five-year economic crisis , have pushed almost one in four Irish mortgage holders to the brink . Some 120,000 Irish mortgages are in arrears of 90 days or more . A further 100,000 loans have been restructured with short-term fixes . Unlike many other EU countries , including the UK , Dublin has included secured mortgage debt within its insolvency regime , in an effort to encourage banks to negotiate long-term restructuring deals with debtors . Under Engish insolvency law , which is less proscriptive than Ireland 's new guidelines , "  reasonable " day-to-day expenses for bankrupts include holidays , mobile phones and video rentals . While gym memberships , private health care , gambling , cigarettes and alcohol are considered unreasonable , English debtors do not face monthly cash limits . Alan Shatter , Ireland 's minister for justice , warned banks that they could face heavier losses if they did not agree debt deals with struggling mortgage holders , who might instead choose to declare bankruptcy . House prices have halved since the Ireland 's property market peaked in 2007 , leaving an estimated 400,000 mortgage holders with negative equity . Unlike in some US states , mortgage holders can not escape debt obligations by surrendering their property to the bank . Irish banks that sell repossessed properties at a loss can pursue homeowners for the difference . Last month Dublin ordered banks to provide long-term solutions to struggling mortgage holders , prompting some concerns about the danger of "  moral hazard " . "  We will do write-offs . It is absolutely part of the give-and-take in a restructuring where both sides make concessions and it is not debt forgiveness , " said David Duffy , chief executive of Allied Irish Banks . "  Anything that is done will be with full respect to the moral hazard that would be created , " he added . © The Financial Times Limited 2013	Irish debt applicants will have to give up satellite television , foreign holidays and private school Scrutiny comes under a strict new insolvency law introduced to tackle the country 's debt crisis
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- If he knew then what he knows now , he might have made some different decisions before the start of the Iraq war in 2003 , the outgoing chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff told reporters Friday . Outgoing Joint Chiefs Chairman Gen. Peter Pace says he now thinks more troops were needed at the war 's start . "  One of the mistakes I made in my assumptions going in was that the Iraqi people and the Iraqi Army would welcome liberation , that the Iraqi Army , given the opportunity , would stand together for the Iraqi people and be available to them to help serve the new nation , " Gen. Peter Pace said . But "  they disintegrated in the face of the coalition 's first several weeks of combat , so they were n't here , " Pace said . Had he known that would happen , he would have recommended more troops be sent at the outset of the Iraq war , he said . In addition , Pace said , if he had been asked in January 2006 whether the United States should build up its Army and Marine Corps contingents in Iraq , he would have said no , because the plan at the time was to build and equip an Iraqi Army and turn over security duties to it . The force was built and equipped , Pace said , but the February bombing of the Golden Mosque -- one of the holiest Shiite sites -- ignited long-simmering tensions between Sunni and Shiite Muslims , further destabilizing the region and cutting short any plans for U.S. troop reduction . Thousands of people have died in reprisal killings and bombings since the attack . Still , Pace said , "  Given what I knew at the time , I 'm comfortable with the recommendations that I made . " Any errors that were made are to be learned from , he added . Watch how Pace details the mistakes made at Iraq war 's start " And he continued to voice his support for the Iraq invasion . "  Twenty-six million Iraqis have the opportunity now , " he said . "  They are working their way through 3 1/2 decades of being trod upon , held down , no opportunity at all for freedom of expression , for living their lives the way they wanted to , for picking -LSB- their -RSB- leaders . " Pace will retire when his two-year term ends this month . Also Friday , Defense Secretary Robert Gates -- in his first public comments since President Bush announced Thursday night he was accepting the Iraq troop level recommendation of Gen. David Petraeus -- noted all Bush 's senior military advisers are in agreement with those recommendations . Gates said he asked Pace and Adm. William Fallon , the head of U.S. Central Command , to begin examining U.S. options in Iraq months ago , knowing that Petraeus -- the top U.S. commander in Iraq -- was doing the same . "  I wanted the president this month to have the benefit of more than one senior military voice as he considered the next steps in Iraq , " Gates said . "  I also did not want Gen. Petraeus hanging out there all by himself . "  While the analyses of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , CentCom and Gen. Petraeus varied in emphasis and approach , all of the president 's senior military advisers are in full agreement with the recommendations made by Gen. Petraeus , " he said . The United States ' next steps in Iraq , among other things , "  had to avoid even the appearance of American failure , " Gates said . "  Extremist Islam was dramatically empowered by defeating the Soviet Union in Afghanistan . The first attack against us by the extremists , the World Trade Center in 1993 , was launched from Afghanistan just four years after the last Soviet soldier left there . "  Should the jihadists be able to claim a victory in Iraq over the United States , the sole remaining superpower , I believe it would empower them worldwide far , far more than their victory over the Soviets , " Gates said . "  The regional consequences would be significant and highly destabilizing . " E-mail to a friend	Joint Chiefs of Staff chairman says he thought Iraqis would welcome liberation Gen. Peter Pace continues to voice his support for the Iraq invasion Pace 's two-year term ends this month Defense secretary says Pace , other Bush military advisers agree with Petraeus
KATHMANDU , Nepal  CNN  -- Pilot error caused the crash of a U.N. helicopter in March which killed 10 people , a Nepalese investigating official said Wednesday . A U.N. worker at the site of the March helicopter crash that killed 10 people in Nepal . The helicopter was traveling from a camp for former Maoist rebels in eastern Nepal to the capital , Kathmandu , when it crashed on March 3 . The crew did not consult the weather forecast , nor did it plan a route before taking off , said Nagendra Prasad Ghimire , the joint secretary of the civil aviation ministry and part of the investigation commission . Once the helicopter encountered bad weather , the pilot 's unfamiliarity of local terrain compounded the problem , Ghimire said , summarizing the commission 's findings . "  He thought that , ` If I climb into the clouds , I will be safe above the terrain and continue to Kathmandu , ' " he said . Instead , the crew found itself unable to control the aircraft . But the pilot kept the helicopter on auto-pilot mode . "  The pilot should have manually handled the aircraft to rotate safely to the ground , " Ghimire said . "  Unfortunately , he did n't . " The chopper crashed in a mountainous region near Bhawasa , about 145 km  90 miles  east of Kathmandu . The U.N. mission said three victims were Nepalese citizens . The others included four international arms monitors from Gambia , Indonesia , South Korea and Sweden . The air crew , from a Russian company , comprised of two Russians and one Belarussian , the U.N. mission said . The helicopter was returning from inspecting a camp for former Maoist rebels who fought a 10-year civil war to end Nepal 's monarchy . More than 13,0000 people died in the fighting . The rebels signed a peace deal with the government in 2006 , joined mainstream politics and won the most seats in April 's election for the Constituent Assembly . The victory transformed Nepal from a monarchy to a republic after 239 years of autocratic rule .	Pilot error caused U.N. helicopter crash killing 10 people , probe finds Crew did not consult weather forecast nor plan a route before taking off Air crew comprised of two Russians and one Belarussian
CNN  -- Supreme Court justices are in the top 10 % of earners in this country . They attended the best universities and have access to the best health care , a pension plan unaffected by the economy and oh , by the way , immense power . There is n't a socioeconomic litmus test they could take that would result in them being in a class result other than elite . And yet Justice Clarence Thomas , when asked during an interview at the Duquesne University School of Law in April whether he thought he would see a black president in his lifetime , made it seem as if he 's on the outside looking in . He said he knew "  it would have to be a black president who was approved by the elites and the media , because anybody that they did n't agree with , they would take apart . " Thomas saying "  the elites " in that context is like Honey Boo Boo complaining about "  the trash on TV . " People are asked to rise when he goes into the office , and he frames himself as some sort of powerless commoner ? He was appointed by President George H.W. Bush and confirmed by the Senate , two symbols of America 's elite . No , Thomas is part of the elite class that , in his words , "  approved " the selection of Barack Obama as the first black president . He can make a distinction between political leanings of those within the class , but that in no way impacts his socioeconomic status . Thomas ' remarks are an extension of the anti-elite rhetoric that has always been a part of the fabric of American politics but because of the proliferation of new media seems to have been amped up to a preposterous level . For the better part of three general elections , we have seen well-educated , well-funded , well-connected politicians bend over backwards trying not to appear to be well-educated , well-funded or well-connected . Despite the charade , a study by the Center for Responsive Politics found that the average net worth of last year 's incoming freshman in Congress was more than $ 1 million . The average American household ? Less than $ 67,000 . Everyone wants to be seen as a Regular Joe , but no one wants to admit Regular Joes do n't get to be president . Or Supreme Court justice . That 's not un-American . In fact , if you look at our history , in some ways , that point could n't be more American . President James Madison , who is sometimes called "  Father of the Constitution , " came from wealth and attended what is now known as Princeton University . Thomas Jefferson , the author of the Declaration of Independence , attended the College of William and Mary , rode horses for fun and played the violin . John Jay , another one of our Founding Fathers , was from a wealthy family in New York . What 's more stereotypically elite than a rich guy from New York ? This country 's political dialogue would benefit greatly if we acknowledged that part of history and stopped treating the word "  elite " like a hot potato . "  Elites " exist in all 50 states , regardless of whether they 're red or blue . "  Elites " exists in all effective lobbying groups ; that 's why they 're effective . And "  elites " exist in national media , regardless of the call letters . Fox News has comfortably been on top of the ratings food chain for a number of years now , and yet it continues to brand itself as an outsider , as if it 's a weekly alternative newspaper and not a significant part of mainstream media . At one point , Sarah Palin was making as much as $ 100,000 per speaking engagement and still tried to paint herself as disenfranchised . Last year , Rick Santorum famously misrepresented President Obama 's education policy and deemed him a snob for pushing higher education -- while failing to mention his three degrees . But the reason why elites play this branding shell game is because people on both sides of the aisle fall for it . President Obama plays golf with Tiger Woods . Rush Limbaugh pays Elton John $ 1 million to sing at his wedding . And if you listen to them closely , it 's the other guy who 's elite . Um , OK . "  I think the president is an elitist , and he thinks he knows what 's best for everyone , " Eric Maynard , a pastor from Flushing , Michigan , told the Washington Post after a Santorum event in February 2012 . "  In Michigan , we have a large blue-collar population , and what Sen. Santorum said is right . Not everybody can go to college . " Maynard is right ; everybody ca n't go to college . But what kind of Jedi mind trick has been used on the country when that very idea is offensive ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	Clarence Thomas said black president had to be approved by "  elites and the media " LZ Granderson says it 's part of longstanding effort by politicians to deny their own elite status He says Thomas is clearly in the elite due to his role as Supreme Court justice Politicians should be honest about gap between their lives , average Americans ' , he says
CNN  -- Tourists become volunteer rescue workers . The connected provide power outlets and Wi-Fi . Performers lift spirits . Photographers preserve images . Doctors work overtime to keep hospitals running and patients alive . In the wake of Superstorm Sandy , which ripped so much apart , people have come together . For every story of devastation we 've seen in the month since Sandy hit , there have been dozens of untold stories of good Samaritans , quietly helping get things back to normal in whatever way they can . Many offered their services in traditional ways -- donating money to relief efforts or helping to rebuild homes on the weekend . Others , though , found unorthodox but equally beneficial ways to help . Here are just a few of those stories : Going on with the show The day after Sandy hit , New York actor Jacob Brent thought about what he and his fellow performers could do for the city . Broadway shows had been canceled , but Brent , who played Mr. Mistoffelees in "  Cats , " had the idea to do a little singing and dancing anyway . So he got a message out to the theater community via Twitter : "  There is a lot of devastation in our beloved city and for some reason we here in Midtown have been spared , " it read . "  I just walked over to Times Square and people are looking for something to do . I think we should all get together and sing some songs for these people . ... It 's not much but its a little something we can do for the city . " Dozens of Broadway performers , along with residents and tourists , gathered at the heart of Times Square for the event . The impromptu concert included classic show tunes such as "  There 's No Business Like Show Business , " "  My Favorite Things " and "  New York , New York , " and collected donations for the Red Cross . Among the attendees was theater critic and student Sarah Taylor Ellis , who called it "  a total delight " and shared several photos on CNN iReport . "  Everyone was so glad to get out of their apartments and gather for a communal activity , " she said . "  The tourists and residents alike were enjoying the unexpected musical entertainment , especially since Broadway shows have been canceled the past three days . " Afterward , Brent shared his feelings about the performance on Twitter : "  We lifted our voices and lifted the spirit of New York , " he wrote . "  I am overwhelmed . " Hey New York , what 's up with the niceness ? Salvaging a lifetime of memories Photographer Limor Garfinkle walked through the hard-hit coastal Staten Island neighborhood of South Beach the weekend after Sandy made landfall , wondering how she could help . Everywhere she looked , she saw photo albums in the debris . She knew she could n't replace the moments on film now sitting in piles of garbage , corroded with seawater . But perhaps she could help them make new memories . She gave her card to several families and offered them free photo sessions when they were ready . Then she found Victoria Beckman , a Russian immigrant laying out family photographs and documents in the cold air along the two stone railings leading from her front door to the sidewalk . Inside , she had thousands more damaged photos to go through . Her home had flooded with 6 feet of water . It was the perfect opportunity to help . Beckman and Garfinkle , who is from Israel , spoke easily in Hebrew . "  She told me they were all ruined , they were all gone , and I said to her , ` Let me try to save them , ' " Garfinkle recalled . "  It 's almost a guilt you feel -- I have a warm home and somebody else does n't , and you just have to help . I knew it was n't going to be easy ... And it was n't . " Finding joy among the wreckage Garfinkle , a family photographer and an art director for a Midtown advertising agency , took garbage bags stuffed with a lifetime of memories , including pictures from her childhood , professional photos a relative had taken and expensive albums from her son 's wedding in Israel last year . She researched photo restoration techniques on the Internet and spent weeks rinsing the muck-covered images and album pages under cold water and laying them to dry on paper towels . Beckman , who is living without heat in her gutted home , asked Garfinkle to keep the photos until she has a spot to put them . "  These are pictures from all my life , my children , and I am very appreciative of her help , " Beckman said . And Garfinkle 's offer of free photo sessions to families affected by Sandy still stands . She can be reached through her website , 4mothersphoto . com . Putting life 's problems in perspective For weeks , advertising photographer Carlos Chiossone sought out personal stories among the devastation left by Superstorm Sandy . "  There are plenty of volunteers , so as a photographer I decided to simply get their stories out to try to get more help for them , " he explained . Chiossone said the conversations helped put his life into perspective . "  As I interviewed some of the people affected and companies trying to come back to life , I realized how each individual makes their own problem the biggest one of the moment . Part of my motivation was to show how easy we had it , " he said . "  Four days without power or showering is not a big deal . Losing your house is another story . " He spoke to several residents of Staten Island , New York , including Janice Kennedy , whose house at New Dorp Beach was leveled by the storm even she was one of the few people on her street to board up her home . Kennedy told her story on camera and showed Chiossone what little remained of her property . Kennedy 's emotions were raw as she described what it 's like to face starting your life over . "  My husband died three years ago , we were hit with Irene last year , and now this . I 've got ta leave . I 'm done , " she said , her voice shaking . "  We 've lost everything . I got married in this house . My son grew up in this house . There 's nothing left . " Weeks later , Chiossone has been unable to reach Kennedy but is eager to follow up with her . In the meantime , he continues to document life in New Dorp Beach , and sees hope . "  What was chaos almost a month ago here in New Dorp Beach now has gained a little sense of normalcy . " he said . Trying to keep the family business afloat after Sandy ` Spitting rhymes ' for Sandy relief The storm flooded Eduardo Ramos ' apartment on Avenue C in Manhattan , but he feels lucky . He and his roommates had time to save all their belongings as the water was coming in , and his roommate 's family welcomed him to stay in their home on the Upper East Side . It only felt right to do what he could to help others not so fortunate . In the weeks after Sandy , he and his friend CJ Richards -- both professional models , actors and rappers -- joined the Rockaway Beach Surf Club 's relief efforts in the Queens beach community . In between jobs and castings they went to Queens to knock on doors , assess needs and help families remove moldy furniture . They wanted to find a way to help on the days they could n't physically be in Queens , which led them to rapping for victims . The friends , who had recently begun performing freestyle hip-hop on the streets for fun , set up their amp and microphone and performed raps on demand for $ 1 , with the money going to Sandy relief efforts . "  One time a girl said ` rap about my friend 's jeans , ' we just started going off on that . At Astor Place , a couple was from York in the UK , and we started rapping about London ... You just kind of let your mind go , " Ramos explained . So far they 've rapped in Times Square , the Meatpacking District and Astor Place in Lower Manhattan , where iReporter and friend Chris Luna found them and recorded a video . In three stints , the friends have raised $ 200 for the victims , including one generous $ 100 donation from a hip-hop fan who was impressed with their rhyming skills and asked to join in . They plan to hit the streets again this weekend and will give the money to the surf club to buy socks , blankets and other needed supplies . "  I feel like they 're going to need more help as people start to forget and life continues as usual , " Ramos said . ` Hard-wired to tell stories ' Arriving by bus , train and plane , thousands of Mormons from across the country canceled their church plans one Sunday to help with Sandy relief . One of those volunteers , Joshua Brown , documented the day on video . The Manhattan wedding photographer heard stories of loss , devastation and even some of hope from the people of Rockaway , New York . "  We lost everything , but with people like you , we know everything 's going to be alright and we have faith in God , " said one woman who choked back tears as he interviewed her . Days earlier , Brown joined Mormons Helping Hands . His job was ripping out dry wall from waterlogged homes . As he worked , he saw a "  huge need " for more volunteers to help the community rebuild . The next time he went back to Rockaway -- that Sunday -- he brought his camera along to help get the word out . "  The day I was shooting the video , I felt a little guilty being there . Some of my friends were there doing really intense , back-breaking work , " he said . "  But by making the video , I felt I could persuade more people to get out there , which was the best thing I could do with my talents . " He accomplished his goal . Between Vimeo and CNN iReport , his video received about 270,000 views . "  I 'm hard-wired to tell stories , " he said . "  I thought that this was the best tool to get more people . " Although he got his message across , Brown still worries . "  People were already putting this in the rear view , and that was just two weeks after  the storm  , " he said . "  Now it 's been a month ... and there 's still so much more to be done out there , so I 'm hoping that it wo n't fade away . " CNN 's Daphne Sashin , Rachel Rodriguez , Henry Hanks , Christina Zdanowicz and Katie Hawkins-Gaar contributed to this story .	One month after Superstorm Sandy 's landfall , stories of good Samaritans emerge Creative aid : Impromptu Broadway performance , restoring cherished photos You can see more iReport stories of devastation and hope in our interactive Open Story
Mental Floss  -- 1942 -- Tweety forced to wear clothes Lucille Ball 's character was pregnant , but was never allowed to say the word "  pregnant . " Tweety Bird first appears in "  A Tale of Two Kitties . " Animator Bob Clampett originally draws him without feathers , but the Hays Office censorship bureau thinks the plucked bird is just a little too naked . So Clampett covers Tweety 's titillating flesh with yellow plumage . Clampett does n't let this pass quietly , though . In the episode , a cat yells to his partner , "  Give me the bird ! " To which the other cat responds , "  If the Hays Office would only let me , I 'd give him the bird , all right ! " 1952 -- Lucy gets knocked up Ball 's pregnancy during an entire season of "  I Love Lucy , " the actual word "  pregnant " is n't allowed on air . Instead , the show uses phrases that seem equally informative but  somehow  less fraught with sin , such as "  with child , " "  having a baby , " and "  expecting . " 1956 -- Elvis ' pelvis shoved off screen Elvis ' first appearance on "  The Ed Sullivan Show " is seen by 60 million people  about 80 percent of America 's TV owners at the time  . His hips , however , are n't so lucky . After his cover of Little Richard 's "  Ready Teddy " -- complete with trademark gyrations -- the camera switches to a close-up of his face as not to over-stimulate the American public . By the time he appears on the show for the third time  in January 1957  , he 's only shown from the waist up . 1959 -- Advertisers rewrite history On the dramatic anthology series "  Playhouse 90 , " an episode titled "  Judgment at Nuremberg " has all references to gas chambers eliminated from its re-enactment of the Nazi trials . This is done at the behest of the show 's slightly sensitive sponsor , the American Gas Association . 1964-1966 -- Censors throw down in navel wars Mary Ann from "  Gilligan 's Island , " Jeannie from "  I Dream of Jeannie , " and "  Gidget " are all barred from baring their navels . Actress Mariette Hartley receives the same treatment in a 1966 episode of "  Star Trek , " but the show 's director , Gene Roddenberry , gets his revenge in 1973 . He recasts Ms. Hartley in the pilot for his new show , "  Genesis II , " and gives her two belly buttons . 1967 -- Actors successfully hide pot on set It 's a tough year for network censors struggling to keep up with the hippie culture 's profusion of drug slang . Ed Sullivan requests that The Doors change the lyric "  Girl , we could n't get much higher , " since it sounds suspiciously like a drug reference . Meanwhile , "  The Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour " has a recurring skit about Goldie , a housewife with her own talk show called "  Share a little tea with Goldie . " The skit constantly plays on the tea/marijuana connection , which goes straight over the censors ' heads . Goldie 's opening lines include "  Hi -LSB- gh -RSB- ! ... And glad of it ! " 1970 -- Studios learn to cope with cannibalism "  Monty Python 's Flying Circus " airs "  The Undertaker Sketch , " in which an undertaker convinces a man that the best way to dispose of his deceased mother is to eat her  with French fries , broccoli , and horseradish sauce  . Bizarrely , the BBC allows this to be shown , but only if the sketch ends with the studio audience storming the stage in disgust . 1979 -- Miss Piggy 's ultimate rejection "  The Muppet Show " is banned from TV in Saudi Arabia , due to Miss Piggy 's , well , pig-ness .  The Prophet Muhammad declared the flesh of swine "  an abomination . "  Merchandise bearing her likeness is confiscated from shops and destroyed . 2004 -- Nipples by the number We know it 's a little obvious to mention Janet Jackson 's "  wardrobe malfunction " during Super Bowl XXXVIII , but it 's worth recapping a few stats : • Amount of time the nipple spent on-air : 1.01 seconds  we actually timed it • FCC fines levied on CBS : $ 550,000 • Cost to NFL  in sponsor refunds  : $ 10 million • Ranking among 2004 Internet searches : 1 • Ranking in TiVo 's "  most rewound moments " : 1 • Number of American complaints to network : more than 500,000 • Number of Canadian complaints : about 50 2006 -- South Park draws up controversy Comedy Central prevents "  South Park " from using the image of the Prophet Muhammad in the episode "  Cartoon Wars . " However , for the benefit of freeze-frame geeks everywhere , Trey Parker and Matt Stone sneak a tiny Muhammad into the opening credits in a shot that shows every resident of the town . The turbulent life of the TV toilet • 1957 : Before it airs , CBS yanks the pilot episode of "  Leave It To Beaver " because of its plot : Wally and the Beav mail-order a baby alligator and are forced to hide it in the tank of the family 's toilet . CBS finally decides the show can air , but only if all shots of the toilet seat are excised . The toilet tank is left unharmed , marking the first time a toilet  or half of one , anyway  appears on TV . • 1960 : Host Jack Paar walks off the set of "  The Tonight Show " in the middle of taping an episode . He would not return for a month . The reason ? Censors cut a joke that used the phrase "  water closet . " • 1971 : A major breakthrough occurs as the toilet is finally allowed to perform its function . The first flush is heard , but not seen , on a first-season episode of "  All in the Family . " TV 's first flusher is , of course , Archie Bunker . • 1973 : Jack Paar 's censors are proven right about the toilet 's power over "  The Tonight Show " audience . In the era of gasoline shortages , Johnny Carson jokes about an imminent shortage of toilet paper . Across the country , panicked viewers go on a hoarding spree , emptying store shelves and forcing Carson to publicly apologize the next night . E-mail to a friend For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	With today 's TV sex and violence , decades-old censorship seems silly 1942 cartoon could not show featherless bird Actresses could not show belly buttons on 1960s TV Censors cut phrase "  water closet " out of "  The Tonight Show "
The first time my husband took me to Oahu , where he grew up and his family still lives , I was skeptical . My knowledge of the place did n't extend much beyond Don Ho and hula , and it all sounded a little kitschy for my taste . But after five days of seeing his version of the island -- hidden beaches , hikes that opened up to impossibly blue water , and a whole new genre of food -- I was so in love that we moved there a few months later . We 're back on the mainland these days , but we return to visit his parents regularly , and we always head off on the same route : an elongated circle around the Koolau Range that takes us to our favorite haunts in quick and beautiful succession . DAY 1 8 a.m. Of the 4.6 million annual visitors to Oahu , most stay in hotels along two-mile-long Waikiki Beach . While everyone else sleeps off their piña coladas , insiders know to snap up the 50 cents - an-hour parking meters along Kalakaua Avenue , just past Kapiolani Park  garages closer to the resorts can run $ 3.50 for 30 minutes  . From there , it 's a five-minute walk to Kuhio Beach , where the long , gentle , early morning waves are a perfect introduction to surfing . 11 a.m. Pho To-Chau Vietnamese Restaurant looks exactly like all the other Vietnamese restaurants lining River Street -- harsh lighting , Formica tabletops , metal chairs -- but the pho is the best of the bunch  1007 River St. , 808/533 -4549 , pho from $ 6  . The broth is rich without being heavy , and the Thai basil tastes like it was picked within the hour . Arrive before noon to beat the locals . Budget Travel : Find out which Hawaii is right for you Noon Honolulu 's formerly seedy Chinatown has recently come into its own . The main drag of Nuuanu Avenue is now home to places like Chinatown Boardroom , an eclectic gallery and boutique  1160 Nuuanu Ave. , chinatownboardroom.com  . One-of-a-kind surfboards have been designed by local legends such as board shaper Ben Aipa . 1 p.m. . There are two mistakes mainlanders make when talking about shave ice : One , they add a "  d " to "  shave " ; and two , they describe it as a snow cone . Do n't give yourself away . At its best , shave ice is so fine that it blends seamlessly with the syrup poured on it , making the concoction almost creamy . No one does it better than Waiola Store , buried in a tangle of Waikiki backstreets  2135 Waiola St. , 808/949 -2269 , shave ice from $ 2.25  . Owner Jerry Lee created -- and patented -- his shaving machine , and more than 40 syrups are concocted in-house , in flavors ranging from standard mango to unexpected melona , a honeydew flavor . 2 p.m. Ten minutes north of Honolulu 's bustling Kalakaua Avenue , the noise fades away and high-rises are replaced by 1920s bungalows . You 're now in Manoa Valley , which gets 150 inches of rain a year . The ideal way to soak up the scenery is to hike the mile-long path up to the 100-foot-tall Manoa Falls ; the trail , framed by bamboo , winds under a rain-forest canopy  hawaiitrails.org , parking $ 5  . 6 p.m. . While most of Waikiki 's sunset-watching spots feel either stiflingly formal or cringingly cheesy , the Mai Tai Bar at the Royal Hawaiian hits a kitschy sweet spot , thanks to hula dancers and live , lilting Hawaiian music  2259 Kalakaua Ave. , royal-hawaiian . com , mai tai from $ 10  . The coral-colored hotel , known as the Pink Palace , opened in 1927 and , despite undergoing a total renovation last year , still has an old-school authenticity . Budget Travel : Read about some uncharted islands Overnight Aqua Boutique Hotels , a group of eight newly renovated properties , are a welcome departure amid Waikiki 's pricey mega resorts and aging skyscrapers . Each has its own identity and is walking distance to the beach . Aloha Surf & Spa , for example , plays retro surf films like 1966 's The Endless Summer in the lobby  866/406 -2782 , aquaresorts.com , from $ 79  . DAY 2 9 a.m. . The island 's scenery changes dramatically -- and fast -- when you head east out of Waikiki on Kalanianaole Highway , the main road along the eastern  windward  coast . The 761-foot-high volcanic crater known as Diamond Head immediately rises in front of you , and beyond that , the Jurassic Park -- style landscape makes even the most articulate person utter embarrassingly inane statements like "  Amazing ! " and "  Wow ! " The two-mile-long trail to Makapuu Lighthouse calls for its own set of exclamations  hawaiistateparks.org/hiking/oahu , trail # 6  . Perched at the edge of a cliff , the lighthouse is bordered by steep ridges covered in jungly vegetation . Noon Kalanianaole Highway breezes past farms , ranches , and the occasional house . The lack of development is refreshing -- until you need a cold drink . That 's exactly what gave Pat Shea and David Campbell the idea to open Sweet Home Waimanalo  6  , a little shop with slow-smoked barbecue , fish tacos , and smoothies  41-1025 Kalanianaole Hwy. , sweethomewaimanalo.com , tacos $ 8  . 1 p.m. . You can look out on 75-degree , turquoise water for only so long without desperately needing to dive in . It 's worth holding out for Kailua Beach , about five miles north of Waimanalo . While the beaches leading up to Kailua have thinner strips of sand and strong tides , here the sand is broad and wide , and the water is calm enough for kids . Rent a double kayak from Kailua Sailboards & Kayaks and paddle out to the Mokulua Islands -- known as the Mokes -- a pair of mini mountains about 1.5 miles off the beach  130 Kailua Rd. , kailuasailboards.com , half-day rentals from $ 49  . Dinner As soon as you hit the town of Kahuku , North Shore shrimp trucks  oversize vans  line the road . An under-the-radar favorite is Fumi 's Kahuku Shrimp Truck , about half a mile north of Kahuku  56-781 Kamehameha Hwy. , fumiskahukushrimp.com , dishes from $ 10  . The shrimp is harvested every morning , and there are nine variations , but the only two worth ordering are butter garlic and spicy garlic . Beware : This is messy business : your hands will be covered with garlicky butter by the time you 're finished . Do n't be shy about using the big outdoor sink to wash off . Overnight Each of the 11 units at Ke Iki Beach Bungalows comes equipped with a full kitchen and a barbecue , and teak chairs and benches are spread out on the grounds , set right on the beach  59-579 Ke Iki Rd. , keikibeach.com , from $ 145  . DAY 3 11 a.m. . The hikes along the coastline get all the acclaim , but a landlocked trail in the middle of the island is worth its own hype . The Aiea Loop Trail in Keaiwa Heiau State Recreation Area covers more than four and a half miles of terrain . Take in views of Pearl Harbor , the Waianae Range , Diamond Head crater , and , if you squint hard enough on a clear day , a bit of Honolulu  hawaiistateparks.org/parks/oahu , park # 8  . Lunch Do n't be fooled by the tired-looking façade at the Waimalu Shopping Center ; it houses some of the best food on the island . Shiro 's Saimin Haven serves 60 versions of saimin , a noodle soup unique to Hawaii , with Japanese , Chinese , and Filipino influences  98-020 Kamehameha Hwy. , saimin from $ 4  . And it 's definitely worth stopping by Baldwin 's Sweet Shop to stock up on dried and preserved fruits flavored with li hing , a sweet-salty seasoning  98-040 Kamehameha Hwy. , 808/488 -0505 , dried fruit from $ 1.50  . Airport detour La Mariana Sailing Club , on a marina off a gravel road three miles from the airport , is one of the area 's last standing authentic tiki bars  50 Sand Island Access Rd. , 808/848 -2800 , cocktails from $ 3.50  . The 52-year-old spot has a refreshing grit amid its polished neighbors . And the decor -- some original , some donated by tiki casualties -- is traditional all the way : blowfish lamps , wooden posts carved with threatening faces , and fishing nets draped from the ceiling . Note : This story was accurate when it was published . Please be sure to confirm all rates and details directly with the companies in question before planning your trip . Get the best travel deals and tips emailed to you FREE - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2011 Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. , all rights reserved .	An account of a three-day trip through Oahu , Hawaii The experience includes exploring hidden beaches , new vistas and cuisine
CNN  -- The lawyer for the neighborhood watch leader who fatally shot unarmed 17-year-old Trayvon Martin in Sanford , Florida , said Thursday that his client has received about $ 200,000 from supporters . Orlando lawyer Mark O'Mara told CNN 's "  AC360 " that George Zimmerman told him Wednesday of the donations as they were trying to shut down his Internet presence to avoid concerns about possible impersonators and problems with his Twitter and Facebook accounts . "  He asked me what to do with his PayPal accounts and I asked him what he was talking about , " O'Mara told Anderson Cooper . "  And he said those were the accounts that had the money from the website he had . And there was about 200 , $ 204,000 that had come in to date . " O'Mara had said earlier this month that he believed Zimmerman had no money . "  I think he 's indigent for costs , " he said , adding that Zimmerman 's relatives had few assets . Zimmerman , 28 , was released Monday on $ 150,000 bail , 10 % of which his family put up to secure his release . He is accused of second-degree murder in the February 26 death of Martin , who was African-American . Critics have accused him of racially profiling Martin and unjustly killing him . He has said he shot in self-defense . Asked whether knowledge of the money might have made a difference to Judge Kenneth Lester Jr. , who presided at Zimmerman 's bond hearing , O'Mara said , "  It might have . " O'Mara continued , "  I 'm certainly going to disclose it to the court tomorrow -- coincidentally , we have a hearing . " He said he was prepared to "  deal with any fallout , " but predicted Lester would not feel misled . "  I told him what I knew at the time , which was exactly what I was aware of . " The money has been placed in a secure account since O'Mara learned about it , he said , adding , "  Nobody 's touching it until we figure out how to handle it . " But criminal defense attorney Mark Geragos said Lester might not react benignly . "  I know a lot of judges who would remand the guy back into custody immediately , " he said . "  If you 've got more money stashed in an account and you could just pay the bond and be gone , that gives a lot of judges concern . " Though the account has been closed , O'Mara said he intends to open a legal defense fund for Zimmerman . "  I 've had dozens , hundreds actually , of people wanting to donate , " he said . O'Mara , who said he charges $ 400 per hour for family law cases , estimated Zimmerman 's defense costs could reach $ 1 million . "  You can really go through a lot of money on a case like this , with the intensity of it , " he said . Although details of the shooting remain murky , it is known that Martin ventured out from the Sanford home of his father 's fiancee and went to a nearby convenience store , where he bought a bag of candy and an iced tea . On his way back , he had a confrontation with Zimmerman , who shot him . Zimmerman had called 911 to complain about a suspicious person in the neighborhood , according to authorities . In the call , Zimmerman said he was following Martin after the teen started to run , prompting the dispatcher to tell him , "  We do n't need you to do that . " Zimmerman pursued Martin anyway but then said he lost sight of him . According to an Orlando Sentinel story later confirmed by Sanford police , Zimmerman told authorities that after he briefly lost track of Martin , the teen approached him . After the two exchanged words , Zimmerman said , he reached for his cell phone , and then Martin punched him in the nose . Zimmerman said Martin pinned him to the ground and began slamming his head onto the sidewalk , leading to the shooting . Police have said Zimmerman was not immediately charged because there was no evidence to disprove his account that he 'd acted in self-defense . A police report indicated he was bleeding from the nose and the back of his head . Watch Anderson Cooper 360 ° weeknights 10pm ET . For the latest from AC360 ° click here .	Defense lawyer O'Mara says he learned about the money on Wednesday The revelation came as the lawyer was shutting down Zimmerman 's Internet presence Zimmerman is charged with second-degree murder in the death of Trayvon Martin
CNN  -- An explosion occured late Monday morning at the Fukushima Daiichi 's No. 3 nuclear reactor building , a government official told reporters . Chief Cabinet Secretary Yukio Edano said that the head of the nuclear plant reports that the container vessel , surrounding the reactor , remains intact . Japanese public broadcaster NHK showed images of white smoke rising above the facility , which is in northeastern Japan . Citing the nation 's nuclear and industrial agency , NHK said that a wall of one of the reactor 's buildings had collapsed . The 600 residents remaining within 20 kilometers of the plant , despite an earlier evacuation order , have been ordered to stay indoors , according to Edano . The secretary added that initial reports suggested that radiation levels had increased after the blast . But Edano said he did not believe there was a massive leak , given that water continues to be injected into the reactors and that the pressure inside the reactor is "  within a certain range . " "  We are now collecting information on the concentration of radiation , " Edano said . The facility is in the area of northeast Japan devasted by last week 's earthquake and tsunami .	The explosion occurred late Monday morning at the Fukushima # 3 reactor building An official says the container vessel remains intact
CNN  -- Pilots botched the approach and landing of Asiana Airlines Flight 214 in San Francisco nearly a year ago , causing a crash that killed three people and injured 187 others , U.S. safety investigators concluded on Tuesday . But the National Transportation Safety Board also found that crew training and the complexities of a key flight system on the Boeing 777 and how it was described in operating manuals contributed to the July 6 disaster . Investigators , however , primarily faulted the crew of the Korean-based carrier for not fully executing intricate systems of the jetliner packed with more than 300 people before it struck a seawall and careened down Runway 28L trailing sparks and debris . Read the NTSB 's accident report summary In a final report on its probe , the board found that the flight crew mismanaged the plane 's descent being carried out without the help of navigational instruments and one of the pilots unintentionally deactivated a system that automatically regulates airspeed . The crew also delayed its decision to abort the landing with the plane flying too slowly to avoid catastrophe , investigators found . The final conclusion was largely in line with early assumptions of investigators facing the most serious commercial airline crash in the United States since a Colgan Air commuter plane fell out of the sky over Buffalo , killing 49 people in February 2009 . Crew actions were also singled out in that accident . Aviation experts agree that aircraft automation has made flying safer , and the 777 is one of the most sophisticated jetliners in service . "  But the more complex automation becomes , the more challenging it is to ensure that the pilots adequately understand it , " Christopher Hart , the acting safety board chairman said in a statement . "  In this instance , the flight crew over-relied on automated systems that they did not fully understand . As a result , they flew the aircraft too low and too slow and collided with the seawall at the end of the runway . " Asiana Airlines fined $ 500,000 for failing to help families Asiana crash victims sue Boeing	The National Transportation Safety Board released its final report on the 2013 accident Investigators said actions by the cockpit crew caused the crash in San Francisco The Boeing 777 crashed short of the runway ; three people were killed , 187 hurt
CNN  -- Investigators have heard a signal from the flight data recorders of the Yemenia Airways plane that crashed last week , they announced Sunday . Search parties continue their operation to locate the Yemenia Airbus A310 off the Comoros Islands Saturday . "  A signal was picked up from two acoustic transmitters from the plane 's flight data recorders during a sea search to locate the data recorders this morning , " the French air accident investigation agency , known as the BEA , said in a statement . Commonly known as "  black boxes , " the data recorders should contain information to help determine what caused the crash . The Yemenia Airways Airbus 310 crashed into the Indian Ocean early Tuesday , carrying 142 passengers and 11 crew members . It originated in Yemen 's capital , Sanaa , and went down just miles from Moroni , the capital of the Comoros Islands . One person , a 13-year-old French girl , survived . Bahia Basari , who lives in Marseille , escaped with cuts to her face and a fractured collarbone . Watch teen survivor from crash " The teen 's father , Kassim Bakari , told a French radio network that his wife and daughter were flying to Comoros to visit relatives . "  When I had her on the phone , I asked her what happened and she said , ` Daddy , I do n't know what happened , but the plane fell into the water and I found myself in the water ... surrounded by darkness . I could not see anyone , ' " Bakari told France Info . The head of the rescue team in the Comoros told French radio RTL that the teenager beat astonishing odds to survive . "  It is truly , truly , miraculous , " Ibrahim Abdoulazeb said . "  The young girl can barely swim . " Another rescuer told France 's Europe 1 radio that the girl was spotted in the rough sea , among bodies and plane debris in darkness , about two hours after the crash . The Airbus 310 plane tried to land at the airport in Moroni , then made a U-turn before it crashed , Comoros Vice President Idi Nadhoim said soon after the accident . A French official said the nation had banned the plane after it failed an aviation inspection in 2007 . "  Since this check-up , we have not seen the plane reappearing in France , " said Dominique Bussereau , the transport minister . But Yemenia Airlines was not on the European Union 's list of banned airlines , he added . Passengers on the flight included 66 French citizens , 54 Comorians , one Palestinian and one Canadian , according to Yemeni and French officials . The crew was made up of six Yemenis , two Moroccans , one Ethiopian , one Filipino and one Indonesian . The Comoros Islands are between the east African country of Tanzania and the island nation of Madagascar .	Comoros Islands lie between east African and the island nation of Madagascar Data recorders should contain information to help determine what caused the crash Teenage girl only person to survive plane crash off Comoros islands French , U.S. divers are helping to search for debris and bodies from the plane
CNN  -- The biggest drugmaker in the world , Pfizer 's brands include Advil , Robitussin , Viagra , Xanax and Lipitor . Pfizer 's most senior physician is Chief Medical Officer Dr Freda Lewis-Hall , a psychiatrist who describes her job as "  a pinnacle role : " One that combines "  the broadest potential impact " with "  the deepest possible satisfaction . " Lewis-Hall grew up living with an uncle whose legs were ruined by polio . His carers , and his approach to life , inspired her to pursue a career as a physician . A guidance counselor advised her to marry a naval officer instead , but Lewis-Hall says her family believed "  that discouragement and dissuasion were just opportunities to sharpen your skills and deepen your commitment and prove that you could do anything . " Although the pharmaceutical industry is characterized by fierce competition , lengthy and expensive research and decreasing profits , Lewis-Hall says she finds her work exciting . "  There 's an unprecedented age wave worldwide . This puts us -- as humanity -- right in the way of many illnesses that are currently unaddressed . " "  Over the next two decades , biomedical research will probably see advancement that tops what we saw in the last two millennia , " she says , "  and I hope I can be a part of that . "	Dr Freda Lewis-Hall is the senior physician at drug company Pfizer As Chief Medical Officer , she is responsible for regulating the company 's medical work Editor of book on treatment of psychiatric disorders disproportionately affecting women A psychiatrist trained at Johns Hopkins and Howard University , she has three children
CNN  -- Talk shows have proliferated in Egypt since the beginning of the January 25 revolution nearly two years ago . One host has become particularly famous , to the point of being described as the "  Jon Stewart of the Arab world . " Bassem Youssef was even a guest on "  The Daily Show " itself in June , and recently CNN anchor Christiane Amanpour interviewed him about freedom of speech in Egypt . In the aftermath of the passing of Egypt 's new constitution , it seems Youssef himself may become an example of the ultimate test of that very freedom . Since Youssef -- a 38-year-old heart surgeon -- hit the airwaves in 2011 , he 's received a great deal of criticism for his satirical style , expressed in a quintessentially Egyptian idiom and flair . No one , it seems , escapes his sharp tongue -- if they are in the political arena or have affected public discourse , then they 're fair game . The more significant their influence and impact , the more they can expect to be lampooned on Youssef 's weekly program -- called , simply , "  The Program . " All the famous members of the political opposition today , such as the Nobel Laureate Mohammed el-Baradei , as well as all the major candidates in this year 's historic presidential election , have been the subject of spoof on "  The Program . " The show 's latest season began a few weeks ago , and , as expected , the country 's new president , Mohamed Morsy , as well as his "  renaissance " project to improve Egypt , was critiqued and scoffed at for political failings . News : Morsy praises voters as constitution becomes law While Jon Stewart may be unpopular in certain sections of America , it 's hard to imagine him being sued or censured for his scathing wit . In Egypt , however , the very day after the new constitution was approved in a poorly attended vote on December 22 , a lawyer filed a complaint with the prosecutor general against Youssef for "  insulting " President Morsy on his show . The complaint involves one of Youssef 's recent episodes , when Youssef affectionately held a pillow imprinted with the president 's picture amid hearts . If the prosecutor takes it up , it could become a serious case . Other threats have come from religious radicals . Youssef is , in his own words , a "  proud Muslim , " and has made it clear on his show and in interviews that he takes his religion seriously . Like many Egyptians , he is particularly sensitive to a religious discourse that divides , encourages polarization and incites hatred . His show has mocked the sectarian and heterodox preachers and journalists who promote such sentiments . In response , many of those same figures have viciously attacked Youssef 's program , claiming that it is "  religiously impermissible . " The public , however , seems uninterested in such politicization of religion , and more mainstream religious figures , such as Habib Ali al-Jifri of the Tabah Foundation , declared that the abuse of religion in the discourse Youssef was criticizing was a real problem . Opinion : Middle East will muddle through 2013 But Youssef 's program is not really the point . Rather , it is a test case . The reaction to his show touches upon two key issues for post-revolution Egypt : freedom of expression , particularly with figures in authority , and the reaction of Egyptian society toward the abuse of religion for sectarian , political gain . The protests that led to former Egyptian president Hosni Mubarak 's downfall were indelibly linked to breaking the curtain of fear that surrounded any criticism of a political figure . Egyptian society is unlikely to favor going back to that kind of public atmosphere . While the overwhelming majority of Egyptians are not given or sympathetic to sectarian or radical ideas , many were unaware -- or ignored -- that there is a potent minority that supports such notions . How Egyptians now respond in terms of both issues will affect not only Youssef 's television program , but how Egypt itself will develop in the months and years to come . Incidentally , with true Egyptian humor , Youssef responded to the news of the legal complaint against him in a way that shows he still intends to carry on : He asked Morsy to autograph the pillow in question . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of H.A. Hellyer .	Bassem Youssef , a heart surgeon , is a satirical sensation on Egyptian TV His show mercilessly mocks politicians and religious radicals , says H.A. Hellyer A legal complaint has been filed against him for insulting Egypt 's president on the show If the case proceeds , there could be free-speech repercussions , says Hellyer
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- Dozens of civilians may have been killed by Yemeni forces since May while fighting an armed Islamist group in Abyan province , the activist group Human Rights Watch said in a report released Saturday . But a spokesman for Yemen 's ruling party disputed the findings . "  As Yemeni government forces battle armed militants in Abyan , civilians are paying the price , " Joe Stork , deputy Middle East director at Human Rights Watch , said in the report . "  Both sides need to be doing much more to protect civilians from harm , and the government should be investigating possible laws-of-war violations by its forces in Abyan . " Human Rights Watch said it did not visit Abyan province because of security concerns but received accounts of attacks from 30 witnesses who fled the clashes . The group cited several reported incidents , including what some described as indiscriminate attacks on civilians with "  artillery shrapnel or small arms with no visible fighting or military targets nearby . " But the ruling party in Yemen refuted the report . "  The Yemeni government insists that the Human Rights Watch report is 100  %  inaccurate , " said Tareq Shami , spokesman for the ruling General People 's Congress party . "  Only al Qaeda targets are killed by the government , and there is no proof of the government being involved in the killing of civilians in Abyan . " He added , "  Foreign fighters are also involved killing and attacking civilians in Abyan , not the government . We are defending the people and will continue doing so . " Abdu Ganadi , spokesman for the Yemeni government , said "  all wars have casualties . " "  Yemen is trying to limit the civilian deaths , " Ganadi said . "  Our condolence  s  to the families who lost a loved one . " Yemen has been consumed by unrest for months as protesters have demanded an end to the rule of President Ali Abdullah Saleh 's rule . Saleh and other senior officials were wounded June 3 in an attack on the mosque at the presidential palace . Saleh is being treated in Saudi Arabia . Officials have said he will return when he has recovered . In recent weeks , government troops have battled both tribal forces and Islamic militants , including al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . CNN 's Salma Abdelaziz contributed to this report .	Human Rights Watch says Yemeni forces may have killed dozens of civilians It says witnesses report indiscriminate attacks with no visible fighting nearby A spokesman for the ruling party calls the report 100 % inaccurate He says "  only al-Qaeda targets are killed by the government "
Yaounde , Cameroon  CNN  -- Cholera has killed 297 people in the west African nation of Cameroon , health officials said Wednesday . The outbreak , which began in May , has exceeded 3,000 cases , said Dr. Eric Mintz , the leader of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 's global water sanitation and hygiene epidemiology team . The agency has an office in Cameroon . "  It 's a lot of cases and a lot of deaths , " he said in a telephone interview . "  More deaths than should be expected under the best of conditions . " Under ideal conditions , cholera 's fatality rate ought to be less than 1 percent , he said . But Cameroon 's conditions are not ideal . Many people live far from the medical aid that could help them rehydrate and replace the sodium and potassium lost in their stools and vomit . "  That delay can be critical , " Mintz said . "  If you do n't get the fluids and the electrolytes replaced through hydration , you can go into shock and die as a result . " The country 's northern region has been particularly hard hit . Three of 10 prisoners diagnosed with cholera at Maroua Central Prison in the far north were among the dead , the officials said . CDC 's Mintz said the rugged and remote region has been affected repeatedly by cholera epidemics , most recently last year . About 70 percent of people living in the country 's far north , bordering Nigeria and Chad and the Central African Republic , do not have access to potable water , according to a Ministry of Water and Energy official . Sanitation is also limited in the area and recent flooding has aggravated the situation . The affected area is home to some 5 million people , according to UNICEF . Outbreaks are now also occurring across the border in parts of Nigeria , Mintz said . "  There 's a lot of people crossing over the border all the time , " he said . "  So it 's not surprising that the cholera is also crossing over the border . " The U.N. children 's agency said it has dispatched emergency medical kits containing surgical gloves , water treatment tablets , cholera medicine , oral rehydration salts and educational materials . It said children are especially vulnerable to the disease . Cholera is spread via the oral-fecal route , through water contaminated with human waste . "  What puts people at risk is a lack of safe drinking water , " Mintz said . Boiling the water or treating it with chlorine or filtration or some other method to remove the contaminants can make it safe . Untreated , cholera can kill within hours , according to the World Health Organization . Worldwide , as many as 120,000 people die each year from cholera . CNN 's Tom Watkins and Journalist Moki Kindzeka contributed to this report .	Cameroon 's northern region has repeatedly been the site of cholera outbreaks Few in northern Cameroon have access to potable water The disease is spread through water contaminated with human waste
CNN  -- Cristiano Ronaldo was sent off after inspiring Real Madrid to an incident-packed 4-2 victory at home to Almeria on Saturday night , in which he created a goal , scored one and also missed a penalty . The world 's most expensive player helped Real bounce back from last weekend 's 1-0 "  El Clasico " defeat to Barcelona as the big-spending capital outfit came back from 2-1 down in an explosive final 20 minutes . However , unbeaten Barca stayed five points clear at the top -- having played one more match -- with a 2-1 victory at Deportivo La Coruna as Lionel Messi scored twice . Ronaldo , making his first appearance at the Bernabeu in two months following ankle problems , crossed for Sergio Ramos to head the opening goal in the 31st minute . However , Fernando Soriano leveled with a deflected shot in the 58th minute and Kalu Uche put lowly Almeria head just three minutes later as Real failed to clear a corner . The hosts equalized with 17 minutes left as Argentina forward Gonzalo Higuain kept up his hot scoring run with a predatory finish after the Almeria defense did not deal with a cross from the left . With eight minutes remaining , Ronaldo went down under the challenge of the onrushing Diego Alves , but the goalkeeper saved his resulting penalty -- however , Karim Benzema followed up to smash in the rebound to put Real ahead . Ronaldo wrapped it up a minute later from Higuain 's low cross , and was booked for tearing off his shirt to pose in front of his adoring fans . The Portugal captain received his second yellow card five minutes later for kicking out at Michel , but it was not costly as Real completed a morale-boosting win ahead of Tuesday 's Champions League trip to Marseille . Barcelona , whose European title defense is still in the balance ahead of Wednesday 's trip to Dynamo Kiev , took the lead against Deportivo in the 27th minute when Messi scored with a trademark neat finish . However , Adrian leveled in the 39th minute with a header after an error by Sergi Busquets , who returned from suspension . But Messi , named Europe 's top player for 2009 during the week , put Barca ahead again with 10 minutes left from Pedro 's cross and Zlatan Ibrahimovic followed up his winner against Real by wrapping up the victory on 88 . Third-placed Sevilla again failed to keep pace with the leaders after being held 1-1 at home by mid-table Valladolid , who had a player sent off . Angola striker Manucho put the visitors ahead in the 33rd minute with a glancing header from Diego Costa 's cross but five minutes later Borja Fernandez was red-carded for a lunge on Diego Perotti . Sevilla , who were held at home by Malaga last weekend , leveled with a penalty from Luis Fabiano just before halftime after Marcos brought down Jesus Navas . Brazil striker Fabiano squandered two golden second-half opportunities as Valladolid held on , meaning Valencia can move above Sevilla with victory away to Athletic Bilbao on Sunday . Atletico Madrid moved further away from relegation trouble with a 2-0 victory at promoted strugglers Xerez , with star strikers Diego Forlan and Sergio Aguero scoring in each half . Uruguay international Forlan put Atletico ahead in the 29th minute from a cross by Jose Antonio Reyes , while Argentina 's Aguero doubled the lead on 65 with a low shot from 12 yards .	Cristiano Ronaldo sent off after inspiring Real Madrid to 4-2 victory at home to Almeria World 's most expensive player scores goal , sets one up and misses a penalty Real trail Spanish leaders Barcelona by five points after the Catalans beat Deportivo 3-1 Ball d'Or winner Lionel Messi scores twice and Zlatan Ibrahimovic nets the third goal
CNN  -- The news that NBC plans to dump Jay Leno -- again -- lifts the curtain on a dark corner of the media business . Is it the fact that a network could be thickheaded enough to call the same play that blew up last time with the Conan O'Brien debacle ? Nah . That 's pretty obvious . It 's the way that television critics despise Leno , and how that colors the coverage of the late-night wars . When The New York Times ' Bill Carter broke the story last week that NBC is ready to hand "  The Tonight Show " to Jimmy Fallon in 2014 , there was this line buried deep in the piece : "  Another complicating factor has been Mr. Leno 's success in the ratings . " Let 's ponder that for a moment . Leno has the top-rated show at 11:30 . NBC executives are nonetheless planning on booting him when his contract expires in the fall of 2014 and moving the show from Burbank , California , to New York . Watch : Daily Caller editor created fake Facebook identity Imagine how that story line would play out if critics and reporters viewed Leno as sympathetically as they do , say , Fallon or Leno 's ABC rival , Jimmy Kimmel . What ?? NBC is kicking Jay to the curb ? The guy who has made the network hundreds of millions of dollars over the last two decades ? The man who bounced back from his last firing and regained the late-night throne ? What did he do to deserve this ? Instead the media reaction is a collective shrug of the shoulders : Yeah , makes sense . Time to wheel the old guy off the stage . Jay has n't been funny since the Clinton administration and Fallon appeals to a younger crowd . Watch : Do the critics want Jay Leno booted off the stage ? Time 's James Poniewozik writes that "  Jay ` It 's just a business ' Leno deserves no man 's pity however this plays out . " The Atlantic complains about his "  groan-worthy jokes . " But here 's the thing : Leno does n't appeal to anyone but the viewers . At least those who live west of the Hudson River and east of the Santa Monica Mountains . He does broad comedy and hardly wields the kind of cutting-edge style favored by the bicoastal elites . But much of America likes him . Does the 62-year-old comic skew old ? Well , he 's been beating Kimmel and David Letterman even in the coveted 18-to-49 demo . Watch : Is the press now forgetting the horror of Newtown ? The critics made the same mistake last time around . Conan was so much funnier than Jay that giving him "  Tonight " rather than risking his departure was a brilliant move by NBC . Except that O'Brien 's quirky humor appealed to a narrow slice of the audience , the ratings plummeted , and a $ 32 million payout later , he was gone and Leno was back . Leno has been punching back in his monologue , likening NBC suits to "  snakes " and saying that the network 's motto is "  The Biggest Loser . " The Times reports that a top executive ordered Leno to stop mocking the network , a ham-handed attempt at censorship that has obviously failed . One strange twist is that some conservative pundits are carping that NBC is ousting Leno because of his jokes about President Obama  he ribs every president  and because , unlike the more openly liberal Letterman , he appeals to the heartland . It 's obviously more of a dollars-and-cents gamble that Fallon is the future . And indeed , Jimmy Fallon makes sense as Leno 's eventual heir . Watch : Is there a double standard in gay marriage coverage ? But in their haste , NBC execs risk blowing up the situation the way they did in hustling Ann Curry off the "  Today " show , sparking a backlash against Matt Lauer and sending what had been the iconic morning show plunging into second place . Their prime-time lineup is in fifth place . Do they really need to immolate one of the few time periods where the network is No. 1 ? Fallon 's a young guy . Johnny Carson was 66 when he stepped down . What 's the rush ? The critics , of course , wo n't be happy until Leno is working the comedy clubs where he spends his vacations  and possibly competing against NBC from Fox  . And they are entitled to their views of who has comedic chops and who is out of gas . But in this case , they 're out of touch with the people who vote with their remote controls .	Howard Kurtz : NBC 's plan to replace Jay Leno sits well with critics He says Leno 's brand of comedy appeals to much of America Critics are free to prefer Fallon , Kimmel , but replacing Leno is risky , he says
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- A federal judge in Georgia has been arrested on drug and weapons charges after federal agents say he bought drugs for a stripper with whom he was having an affair . Senior U.S. District Judge Jack Camp Jr. has been charged with possession of cocaine , marijuana and the painkiller roxicodone , according to court documents . He is also charged with possessing a firearm as an unlawful user of controlled substances and with aiding and abetting the possession of drugs by the stripper , who had a prior drug conviction . Camp was arrested Friday after federal agents said he bought drugs from an undercover agent . He made an initial appearance Monday in a federal court in Atlanta and was released on $ 50,000 bond . The charges allege that Camp had been paying the stripper for sex since the past spring and was fronting money to buy drugs for both of them . Before the sting that led to his arrest , he told her , "  Let me pay him , because you 've already got a record , " the affidavit states . Camp , 67 , is the former chief judge for the Northern District of Georgia . He was appointed to the bench by President Ronald Reagan in 1987 and took senior status in 2008 . His lead attorney , Bill Morrison , would not discuss the facts of the case but played down his client 's public office . "  This is really a case between Judge Camp and his wife , " Morrison told reporters outside the Atlanta federal courthouse . "  It 's not a case of Judge Camp being a judge , it 's a case of Judge Camp being a husband . " Tuesday , Morrison stressed his client 's case has not been presented to a grand jury . "  If there is an indictment , then the next step after that will be a hearing , " he said . A Justice Department spokeswoman confirmed the next court appearance in the case has not yet been scheduled . The dancer , who is not identified in court papers , had a prior drug-related federal felony conviction on her record and "  recently began cooperating with the FBI , " according to the charges -- but she began recording the judge before she became an informant , the affidavit states . The woman has been promised immunity from prosecution , but also had fewer tapes than she originally told agents from other law enforcement agencies , according to a footnote in the court papers . During the deal that led to his arrest , Camp carried at least two pistols , his arrest affidavit states . According to the paperwork , it was one of at least three transactions in which he was armed . "  I 'll watch your back anytime 'cause I 'm afraid , and I not only have my little pistol , I 've got my big pistol , " the affidavit quotes Camp as telling the woman beforehand . "  So , uh , we 'll take care of any problems that come up . " They took separate cars to the meeting , which took place in the parking lot of a suburban Atlanta nightclub . According to the affidavit , Camp pocketed the drugs and told the undercover agent , "  We 'll call you again . "	NEW : Attorney and Justice Department official say a court appearance is not set Dancer began recording judge before cooperating , documents say Judge released on bond after arrest He was arrested Friday after a sting operation
COCOA , Florida  CNN  -- Ask just about any college student , and they 'll tell you they 'd jump through hoops to avoid taking a class that meets Fridays . Brevard Community College used $ 267,000 in energy savings to add 10 new full-time faculty positions . So , it was welcome news to students when Brevard Community College in Cocoa , Florida , decided to experiment with a four-day workweek . A year ago , as energy costs headed up and the school faced cuts in state funding , college President James Drake , who drives a hybrid , decided to give the shortened workweek a try . It worked out better than anyone could have imagined , Drake says . "  If it were n't for the savings that we have netted from energy management and the four-day workweek , we would not have been able to do several of the vital things that are going to help us attract and retain even more students , " Drake said . Brevard Community College began the four-day workweek during the 2007 summer session . The following fall and spring , it added a half-day but then went back to the four-day work week again this summer . iReport.com : Are you working a four-day week ? Over that year-long period , by closing on Fridays and turning down the air conditioning and heating systems , the college saved $ 267,000 in energy costs . The savings allowed Brevard to hire 10 full-time faculty members . Watch : Shorter work week boosts morale , productivity " "  It was a great thing for me , because I became a full-time faculty , " Betty Blaschak said . Blaschak teaches at Brevard 's cosmetology school , where scissors and combs are moving a mile a minute as students learn how to style hair . Brooke Stile is one of those students , and taking classes four days a week instead of five makes a huge difference to her . "  The fact that I have that day , that one day , it 's just so much nicer , and I just do n't have to drive all that way to Cocoa , " Stile said . Stile , who is a single mom , saves a 50-mile round trip with the four days of classes . She spends the extra day with her son , which means one less day she has to pay for child care . She says she can also get more done . "  The bank is only open till noon on Saturdays , so instead of doing it on Saturdays , I can do it on Fridays , " Stile said . "  And go grocery shopping and there 's not going to be a lot of people there . " See who else is trying a four-day workweek " Evers , who drives nearly 100 miles a day from Orlando , Florida , to take a biology class at Brevard , saves gas and says the Friday off is a win-win . "  I get an extra day to go to work , and I have an extra day to study , " Evers said . The four-day workweek at Brevard has yielded even more positive results : There 's been a 44 percent reduction in staff turnover , according to Drake . "  We have had a 50 percent increase in applications for employment during the same period this year as opposed to last year , " Drake said . Mili Torres , the director of enrollment at the Cocoa campus , says her staff members rarely miss work . "  Absenteeism has actually gone away almost in my department , " Torres said . However , the longer workdays of a four-day workweek have created some problems for people who need child care . For them , the school provides flex scheduling , which allows staff members to come in and leave earlier or later , depending on what is convenient . Drake says he often receives calls from other colleges and universities wanting to know how it 's working . It 's working so well that when the fall semester begins , Brevard Community College will shift to a year-round four-day workweek . Across the country , businesses , institutions and even one state are considering or have moved to a four-day workweek . In Utah , the state government has just gone into its second week of shutting down 1,000 buildings on Fridays . The state believes it can save $ 3 million by moving to a four-day workweek . But just as important as the savings is how employees are affected . Watch : Utah first state to try four-day workweek " Although the change has been a welcome relief to some workers , it 's created hardships for others . Mylitta Barrett , a single mother , says the switch means she spends less time with her three sons . Barrett now needs a sitter in the mornings to care for her severely disabled son , Joseph , until his bus comes and says she has less time for her other boys as well . "  You ca n't make up the soccer game that I missed on Monday because you were working and did n't get home until seven o'clock at night , " Barrett said . After 15 years with the state , she says she depends on the medical coverage and ca n't consider quitting . "  I do n't like being thrown in this position where my life is going to get more difficult because of energy savings or whatever reason they decided to do this , " Barrett said . But Barrett said she knows that hers is an extreme situation and that her supervisors are being as flexible as they can . Whether the four-day workweek will prove to be just a short-term solution to rising energy costs or is here to stay , only time will tell .	Brevard Community College began the four-day workweek in summer of 2007 College used $ 267,000 in savings to hire 10 full-time faculty members Gas savings , employee retention , morale boost are a few positive results Utah thinks it can save $ 3 million by shutting down 1,000 buildings every Friday
CNN  -- Your head is pounding , burning with raging fever , your aching bones feeling like they weigh a ton . Covered in profuse sweating , your exhausted body shivers with teeth-chattering chills . For anyone who 's suffered through severe bouts of malaria , this is the nauseating roller coaster the disease typically wreaks on its victims . But now an award-winning innovation by two students in Burkina Faso could help reduce the devastating impact of the life-threatening disease , which is caused by parasites that are spread to humans through the bites of infected mosquitoes . Moctar Dembele , who is from Burkina Faso , and Gerard Niyondiko , from Burundi , have used locally sourced herbs and natural ingredients to create a soap they say repels mosquitoes , in order to prevent malaria . Read this : Innovation to save lives in Africa Dubbed "  Fasoap , " the innovation was awarded the $ 25,000 Grand Prize in the Global Social Venture Competition  GSVC  , in April . Launched by Berkeley MBA students , the GSVC is a global competition designed to help budding entrepreneurs transform their ideas into businesses that will have a positive social impact . Fasoap is made from shea butter , essential lemongrass oil and other ingredients that are still a secret . "  After using the soap , it leaves on the skin a scent that repels mosquitoes , " says Niyondiko , who studies with Dembele at the International Institute for Water and Environmental Engineering in Ouagadougou , the capital of Burkina Faso . "  In addition , waste water products contain substances that prevent the development of mosquito larvae , because the sanitation problem in Africa is one of the causes of mosquito vectors of malaria . " Read this : Off-road bikers race to save lives in rural Africa About half of the world 's population is at risk of malaria , according to the World Health Organization . The disease 's impact is mostly felt in the world 's poorest countries ; in 2010 , there were an estimated 660,000 malaria deaths , 90 % of which occurred in sub-Saharan Africa , mostly among children under five years old . In many of these countries , apart from its high toll on human life , malaria also exacts a heavy burden on their economies . Household budgets are being squeezed by high fees for drugs and treatments , doctors ' fees and transportation to clinics ; marginalized communities are trapped in a vicious cycle of poverty due to lost productivity or income because of the disease ; state funds are being drained to pay for the maintenance of health facilities and research programs . Read this : Africa catching ` Western diseases ' Niyondiko says their anti-malaria soap company , which is called Faso Soap , will help address all these issues . "  In our country the majority of the population lives below the poverty line , " he explains , adding that most people ca n't afford to regularly buy medicines and products such as anti-mosquito creams , sprays or protective nets . "  So we thought of a repellent and larvicidal mosquito soap which will be accessible and affordable to the majority of the population , seeing that soap is a commodity product and especially not going to add other additional costs to the population , " says Niyondiko . "  Our soap will fulfill the desire of the population to be clean , as well as protect them from malaria , without any additional cost to them . " The team is now working on the optimization of the soap through clinical trials , with the aim of entering the market by 2015 , starting from Burkina Faso . "  Our goal is that our soap is widely distributed to reach the largest possible number in sub-Saharan Africa and other parts of the world affected by malaria , " says Niyondiko . "  This is to say that NGOs , companies will be our potential customers for the distribution of our products . After the victory obtained at Berkeley there are so many NGOs , companies who spoke to a partnership with us in order to distribute our soap in different parts , even outside Africa . " James Logan , medical entomologist at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine , says : "  The concept of putting a repellent into a soap is appealing as it can often be difficult to get people to use a topical repellent . " He cautions , however , that there needs to be published scientific evidence that the soap can successfully reduce malaria transmission . To win the GSVC Grand Prize , Niyondiko , 35 , and Dembele , 22 , beat 650 competitors from nearly 40 countries . Their victory marks the first time an entry from Africa has won the competition . "  It is a feeling of joy and pride for us and for Africa in general , " says Niyondiko of their win . "  It also shows that in Africa we are not back  ward  and that Africa 's problems can be solved by Africans themselves . "	Two students have created a soap they say repels mosquitoes "  Faso Soap " was the winner of this year 's Global Social Venture Competition One student is from Burkina Faso , the other from Burundi The soap is made from Shea butter and other secret ingredients
Attorney General Eric Holder on Monday announced new regulations for the more than 200 halfway houses operated by federal contractors , requiring them to provide transportation and allow inmates to use cell phones to reconnect with family and friends , and to start looking for jobs . The new regulations also require the half way houses to provide mental and substance abuse treatment to inmates , and are part of Holder 's "  Smart on Crime " initiative , under which prosecutors are seeking ways to reduce sentences for certain non-violent drug offenders . The Justice Department said Holder 's moves can be at least partly credited for the biggest drop in the federal prison population , a reduction of 4,000 inmates compared to the end of last fiscal year in September . Federal prisons incarcerate 216,000 people in the United States , which accounts for only 5 % of the world 's population but holds 25 % of its prisoners . While states have made moves to cut prison populations , partly due to budget reasons , changes in the federal prison population has lagged for some time . The new Justice Department regulations affect contractors that run halfway houses for the United States Bureau of Prisons , which uses such facilities to hold inmates near the end of their sentences as they prepare to transition to life outside prison . Holder said the changes "  will enhance the programs that help prisoners overcome their past struggles , get on the right path , and stay out of our criminal justice system . "	Justice Department steps impact more than 200 facilities run by contractors Rules require transportation for inmates and help for them to reach family , get work Government says steps taken are reducing federal prison population
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Photographer Terry O'Neill is famous for his iconic images Hollywood stars in the 1960s and 1970s . One of the 1970s hottest actresses , Faye Dunaway photographed by Terry O'Neill in 1976 . He made his name capturing the era 's A-listers including Audrey Hepburn , Orson Welles and Brigitte Bardot in a uniquely relaxed and natural way . Always polite and professional in his approach , his informal and spontaneous style captured the spirit of the times . Rising stars , including rock bands The Rolling Stones and The Beatles , did not want the wooden , pre-fabricated images typical of the 1950s . As a result O'Neill became much in demand and his star began to rise alongside that of his subjects . During the 1980s Terry became the photographer of choice for Hollywood , and his commissions from the time are nothing short of a catalogue of global superstardom . Terry 's success continued into the 1990s and with 65 pictures held by London 's National Portrait Gallery , he is today revered as one the great British photographers . Born in the east end of London in 1938 , he began his photographic career working for an airline at Heathrow Airport as part of their photographic unit . Terry O'Neill 's images will be on exhibition through Getty Images Gallery in a pop-up gallery at Westfield , London from 7th July until 3rd August .	O'Neill began his career at The Daily Sketch a picture paper in the 1960s Photographed Hollywood icons such as Brigitte Bardot and Paul Newman A collection of O'Neill 's prints are on show at the National Portrait Gallery in London
CNN  -- The strong performance of Islamist parties in the Egyptian elections this week raised eyebrows in some Western capitals . On the one hand , analysts say , the West is inclined to support popular Arab Spring movements that have toppled dictators and brought nascent democracy to the region . On the other hand , they worry about the ascension of radical Islamist movements in a region of critical interest to the United States and its allies . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton reflected that tension this week when she urged Islamist parties in Egypt to "  embrace democratic norms and rules " by creating a government that respects the full range of human rights . "  Transitions require fair and inclusive elections , but they also demand that those who are elected embrace democratic norms and rules , " Clinton said Tuesday in a speech to the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe , meeting in Lithuania . The Muslim Brotherhood , an Islamist party widely seen as being relatively moderate , won more than 40 % of the vote , according to initial election results . The more hardline al-Nour party took as much as 25 % . Run-off votes were held at the start of this week and more ballots are to come , as Egypt 's complicated election process continues . "  We ... expect all democratic actors and elected officials to uphold universal human rights , including women 's rights , to allow free religious practice , to promote tolerance and good relations among communities of different faiths , and to support peaceful relations with their neighbors , " Clinton said . Analysts say the strong showing of Islamist parties in the first parliamentary elections since the ouster of former President Hosni Mubarak , a long-time U.S. ally , could inflame regional tensions and complicate key relationships . "  I do n't think any Western government is happy about the result of the elections , " said Marina Ottaway , a Middle East analyst at the Carnegie Endowment for Peace . While the Muslim Brotherhood has pledged to respect minority rights and work with liberal parties , much of the concern has focused on the success of al-Nour , a Salafist party that supports broader application of strict Islamic law in Egypt . How the United States deals with the often unpredictable results of democracy will be key . "  The old formula is not going to work and if we want to be in a position to influence , it will depend on our credibility and the strength of our support for the processes of change , " said Steven Heydemann , senior adviser for Middle East Initiatives for the United States Institute of Peace , an independent conflict management think tank created and funded by the U.S. Congress . In May , President Barack Obama suggested a new formula , saying that the Arab Spring movements were an opportunity "  to show that America values the dignity of the street vendor in Tunisia more than the raw power of the dictator . " He followed up last month , when protests flared again in Cairo 's Tahrir Square over concerns that the Egyptian military was trying to cling to power . At the time , he called for the move to a civilian government "  that responds to the legitimate aspirations of the Egyptian people , as soon as possible . " But the ability of the United States to influence that change came into focus again Tuesday , when the ruling Supreme Council of the Armed Forces granted most presidential powers to Prime Minister Kamal Ganzouri . He took office Wednesday and swore in his Cabinet , which will serve until presidential elections are held next June . Despite Obama 's statements of support for a civilian government , Rami Shaath -- a member of the Egyptian Revolutionary Alliance -- reiterated previous statements contending that Ganzouri is a figurehead for the Supreme Council installed to "  serve the need of the U.S. in the region over its people 's demands . " "  He was chosen by the Supreme Council with no political base from Tahrir , " Shaath said . "  When we demanded a national salvation government , we wanted a representative from the revolutionaries , not a puppet that serves the goals of the military who do not have the right to choose him anyway . " Criticisms such as Shaath 's show how little influence the United States has over what 's happening in Egypt , and how little it has to gain even if it supports democratic movements there , Ottaway said . "  The most they can do is put some pressure on the liberal parties to make sure they really keep on talking to the Muslim Brotherhood , " she said . Should the United States pull back from its support for democratization in the region , it will lose all credibility among the Egyptian people , Ottaway said . But even if the United States and other countries do continue to support democratic movements in the Middle East , public opinion in the region has barely shifted , Heydemann said . "  The Arab Spring dividend has proven elusive for the Obama administration , " he said . The best course , analysts say , is for the United States to continue to support democratic movements while setting out expectations , much like Clinton did Tuesday in Lithuania . If they do , the problem may sort itself out , CNN 's Fareed Zakaria said in an opinion piece on CNN.com . "  For decades , political Islam was the language through which people resisted dictatorial regimes . That gave these parties a special status , a kind of halo effect , which has helped them once the dictators fell , " he said . But the only way these parties can retain their popularity once in power is to govern effectively , he said . "  And to be competent at governing and to stay in power , these groups have to moderate themselves , " he wrote . "  The history of countries from Indonesia to Pakistan suggests that over time , the more radical political elements lose their popular appeal because their mystical attraction was tied up in their opposition to the dictatorships . Once the dictatorships go , their appeal dwindles . " But it wo n't be a quick process , Heydemann said . The region is in for years of tumult during which the new Arab Spring democracies sort out the differences between conservative and liberal visions of Islamic democracies . And in many respects , the West will be left on the sidelines , watching and waiting , he said . "  Across a broad spectrum of issues , we face a long period of uncertainty , " he said . "  We 're kind of stuck in a way . "	Egypt 's complicated electoral process continues , with more votes to come Egyptian Islamists should embrace "  democratic norms , " Secretary Clinton says Western leaders are n't happy about Islamist success , analyst says But the U.S. and other countries should stand behind democratization , analysts say
CNN  -- Mexican President Felipe Calderon will return to Ciudad Juarez , Chihuahua , for the second time in as many weeks on Wednesday morning , a spokesman for the municipal police department said . "  For security reasons , details are nonexistent , " police department spokesman Jacinto Seguro said . Calderon will attend a meeting with local , state and federal officials , as well as civic and human rights groups , on Wednesday in Ciudad Juarez , which has been plagued by violence stemming from drug cartels . The January 31 killings in southern Juarez of 15 people , most of whom were students with no ties to organized crime , has sparked outrage across the country . The slayings , which occurred at a house party , are thought to be the result of bad intelligence by a cartel and the gang that carried out the killings . President Calderon , who has faced mounting pressure this month from Juarez residents to resign , will be visiting the city for the third time since assuming power in December 2006 . Last week in Juarez , Calderon apologized to the families of the 15 people killed and promised residents that their input would form part of the strategy against drug-related violence . Residents of Juarez attempting to highlight the growing frustration with Calderon 's war against organized crime took to the streets by the hundreds on Saturday . Many held signs targeted at Calderon reading , "  Assassin . " On Tuesday , police said a business owner and his 24-year-old secretary were found slain inside a business near southern Juarez at 11 a.m. "  It 's not new that the cartels target business owners , but killing his secretary , that 's something that you do n't see too often , " Seguro said . Also Tuesday , 20 students found skipping class and drinking in the street were detained by police as part of an effort to curtail unlawful street activity , Seguro said . Violence in Juarez comes amid a backdrop of vastly increased numbers of homicides nationwide , as drug cartels battle each other and the Mexican government steps up its efforts to combat them . The government has not released official figures , but national media say 7,600 Mexicans lost their lives in the war on drugs in 2009 . Calderon said last year that 6,500 Mexicans died in drug violence in 2008 . Officials say more than 16,000 Mexicans have died since Calderon declared war on the drug cartels shortly after taking office in December 2006 .	Calderon visited Juarez last week to discuss slayings of 15 people Latest visit will be his third since taking office in 2006 Calderon 's resignation has been sought by residents He is leading a campaign to rid Mexico of drug trafficking
CNN  -- New York University 's 2010 graduating class owed a total of more than $ 600 million in student loans . It 's unlikely the university will forgive them . But NYU has forgiven portions of mortgages they have extended to President John Sexton , other university executives or star faculty -- money that has been used to buy properties in Manhattan or vacation homes in the Hamptons . Does this shock you ? Or , how about this : Treasury Secretary Jack Lew , a former executive vice president at NYU , received an "  exit bonus " of $ 685,000 . Just to put this in perspective , Lew 's NYU exit bonus alone would have provided free tuition for 34 undergraduates . The revelations about lavish compensation packages at New York University  my alma mater  have raised a firestorm of criticism . Faculty critics have already publicized NYU 's top executive salaries : Sexton takes home nearly $ 1.5 million , Vivien Lee , the vice dean of science gets $ 1.1 million , and Robert Grossman , the dean of the medical center , makes a whopping $ 3.5 million . And , as Ariel Kaminer reported in The New York Times , sometimes the salaries do n't stop when the job ends . Exit bonuses and forgivable mortgages on townhouses , condos and vacation homes not only allow these top dogs to meet the standard of living of the 1 % , but also to sock away real estate profits and rental income for the future . As it turns out , NYU also makes some of these payments off the official university books through a series of nonprofit foundations . In some cases , the university has written second mortgages -- also forgivable -- on property already purchased through the foundations . Sure , other universities have found ways to woo high-level executives , faculty and coaches with big salaries , severance pay , cars and real estate . For example , the University of Texas has maintained a Law Foundation similar to those at NYU . It provided mortgages and other forms of compensation , doled out over time , to encourage faculty to remain at the university . These practices , and the secrecy surrounding them , are under investigation by the Texas Attorney General 's office . But NYU is in the media spotlight because giving loans to university executives and stars to purchase vacation homes is nearly unheard of , according to some experts . Is the university setting precedent for a new kind of extravagant spending ? In January 2012 , Vice President Joseph Biden carelessly -- and incorrectly -- remarked that high faculty salaries were driving escalating college tuition . This is a popular blame-game among politicians and university administrators alike . But according to the American Association of University Professors , in 2012 full-time faculty at all ranks across the nation received an average increase of 1.8 % . In real dollars , this was the equivalent of lowering salaries by 1.2 % . In comparison to a decade ago , AAUP salary data shows the rate of increase in faculty raises barely budged . In faculty lounges , the phrase "  corporate university " is used to describe the negative ways that higher education , including the conditions under which the majority of faculty is employed , has been shaped by the business practices that trustees steeped in the culture of Wall Street bring to the campus . The corporate university eliminates full-time teaching jobs whenever possible . It relies on temporary academic laborers who have few or no benefits and median salaries of $ 2,700 per course , salary stagnation for the majority of academic and nonacademic employees , the reduction or elimination of union jobs , and the outsourcing of essential services to corporate providers who pay minimum wage or less . These changes have been accompanied by the creation of massive endowments . NYU 's endowment was reported at $ 2.755 billion in 2012 . This is only the 24th largest private endowment in the United States . I remember a time when administrators were called deans , provosts , treasurers and registrars -- now it seems everybody is a vice president . With these titles have come higher salaries , bonuses , company cars , low-interest mortgages and severance payments for voluntary departures . Boards of trustees approve these lavish practices even as they fight unionization , eliminate full-time faculty positions , refuse even cost-of-living raises for the majority of workers , increase tuition and ask students and their parents to take out tens of thousands of dollars in loans . What kind of bookkeeping permits contemporary universities to call themselves nonprofits when they are creating significant profits that go toward benefiting the financial aspirations of a few elite employees ? The investigation into NYU should pry open the door to a world of accumulation and mismanagement in universities . Higher education is in need of ethical and fiscal reform , but it ca n't happen unless we start at the top . Editor 's note : An earlier version of this essay misstated how much free tuition Jack Lew 's exit bonus would have provided for undergraduates at NYU . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Claire Potter .	A Times article revealed that NYU executives are given loans for buying vacation homes Claire Potter : This practice is nearly unheard of in higher education , according to experts She says instead of helping elite employees financially , universities should lower tuition Potter : The NYU news should pry open the door to a world of mismanagement in universities
CNN  -- Defending champion Novak Djokovic and new World No. 1 Rafael Nadal came through testing quarterfinal matches Friday to remain on course for a final showdown at the Shanghai Masters . Djokovic dropped the opening set to Frenchman Gael Monfils before going through 6-7 6-2 6-4 in a grueling near two and a half hour battle while Nadal dispatched in-form Stanislas Wawrinka of 7-6 6-1 in the last match on court . Monfils , working his way up the rankings , had beaten Roger Federer in the third round and was full of confidence from the off against his Serbian opponent . The pair exchanged breaks in the first set , which eventually went to a tiebreak , won by former No. 7 Monfils . The 26-year-old Djokovic burst into life in the second set , winning it for the loss of just two games , and he claimed a crucial break in the decider which eventually settled the outcome , giving him his 18th straight win on Chinese soil . "  I was serving better as the match went on . Today was a very physical match and very intense . We played many rallies . I 'm glad that I made it through , " he told the official ATP Tour website . Monfils was also satisfied with his display and is already looking forward to the 2014 campaign . "  I 'm still happy . He is one of the best players in the world , and I have no shame today , " he said . Djokovic faces another Frenchman , Jo-Wilfried Tsonga , in Saturday 's semifinals . Seventh seed Tsonga , back on the ATP Tour after missing the U.S. Open with a knee injury , had earlier beaten Florian Mayer of Germany 6-2 6-3 . Nadal 's incredible season continued as he reached his 50th career Masters 1000 semifinal and improved his record against Wawrinka to a perfect 11-0 . The Swiss , battling to make the ATP World Tour Finals in London next month , made life awkward for Nadal in the opener , forcing two set points in the 12th game , both saved by the Spaniard to force a tiebreak . That lasted 23 minutes with Nadal eventually clinching it 12-10 on his third set point . It broke the resolve of Wawrinka , who was quickly broken in the second set and slipped to defeat in one hour 47 minutes . Nadal said Wawrinka had really tested him in the opener and he was relieved to have got through . "  His serve was huge . He came to the court with that determination to hit every ball by taking the ball earlier so it was very difficult to stop him . " Nadal also spoke of his shock over the sudden death of female F1 driver and compatriot Maria de Villota . "  It 's very difficult to say things on day like today , " he said . "  All the best for her family . Very difficult to find a word because is a very sad , sad day for all of us . " Nadal will play Argentina 's Juan Martin Del Potro for a place in the final . The sixth seed , fresh from winning the Japan Open title , breezed past Nicolas Almagro , the Spanish 15th seed , 6-3 6-3 . Meanwhile , Germany 's Angelique Kerber clinched the eighth and final spot for the season-ending WTA Championships in Istanbul when she reached the semifinals of a tournament in Linz , Austria . Kerber beat home hope Patricia Mayr-Achleitner , 6-3 6-1 . She joins Serena Williams , Victoria Azarenka , Agnieska Radwanska , Li Na , Petra Kvitova , Sara Errani and Jelena Jankovic in the prestigious season closer .	Novak Djokovic taken to three sets by Gael Monfils of France Shanghai Masters defending champion wins 6-7 6-2 6-4 World No. 1 Rafael Nadal into semifinals beating Stanislas Wawrinka Juan Martin Del Potro and Jo-Wilfried Tsonga also make last four
CNN  -- She 's the sea turtle that did n't want to get away . A rehabilitated Georgia sea turtle who never seemed to want to return to the ocean is finally getting a permanent home -- serving as her species ' newest ambassador at Sea World . The loggerhead sea turtle named Caton has spent the past three years at the Georgia Sea Turtle Center on Jekyll Island after being found stranded in 2009 and diagnosed as severely debilitated . After months of treatment , Caton was deemed healthy enough to return to her native waters , but she simply sat on the beach , refusing to go in , the center said . Staff brought her back to the center and tried to release her again months later , but Caton just swam back and forth in shallow water , then got stuck on a sandbar . A third attempt last October seemed to be successful . This time , staff put her in a boat and released her offshore , watching her swim away into the Atlantic like a regular sea turtle . Their hopes for Caton 's new life were dashed a week later , however , when she was found stranded on a Jekyll Island beach . She had swum back and did n't want to leave . A lucky loggerhead turtle survives the odds "  For these reasons , we consider her unreleasable , " said the center 's director , Terry Norton . "  The center receives injured and ill sea turtles for rehabilitation purposes , but some of these turtles have permanent issues and are deemed unreleasable back to the wild . If an unreleasable sea turtle can survive comfortably in a captive setting , the center will make every attempt to place the turtle in a suitable facility . " After months of looking , staff managed to find a new home for Caton at Sea World Orlando . Caton will be taken there next week to be part of the park 's new sea turtle exhibit , the center said . "  Caton is a beautiful sea turtle and will be a great ambassador for her species , " Norton said . "  She is a favorite of many of our visitors and I am confident she will hold a special place in the hearts of her new visitors . " All sea turtles in U.S. waters are classified as endangered species . The center describes a plethora of threats from disease and algae blooms to natural predators like raccoons and sea gulls who nab the eggs and hatchlings . Human activity also poses problems for the reptiles ' recovery . Besides pollution , boat strikes and coastal development , the turtles can get caught in fishing nets or crushed by fishing dredges that are dragged along the ocean floor . 7 prime spots for wildlife viewing CNN 's Jamie Morrison contributed to this report .	Caton the loggerhead sea turtle has been at a Georgia rescue center for 3 years She was found stranded and severely debilitated in 2009 Staff tried to release her 3 times , but she came back each time They finally found a home for her at Sea World in Orlando
Washington  CNN  -- Think big -- really big -- and you may understand the stakes in an upcoming Supreme Court case that could have a profound impact on nearly every American business with employees . At issue is whether the justices should allow certification of the largest class-action employment lawsuit in U.S. history , a long-standing dispute against mega-corporation Wal-Mart Stores Inc. over alleged gender bias in pay and promotions . Arguments in the case are Tuesday morning and ruling can be expected by late June . The company is the world 's largest retailer and the nation 's largest private employer . If the class-action goes through , hundreds of thousands of women -- perhaps as many as 1.6 million plaintiffs -- could join in the largest discrimination claim of its kind . Tens of billions of dollars or more in damages are potentially at stake . The high court case is among the biggest of the current term , and could establish binding standards over high-stakes liability involving companies large and small . ` I 'm a fighter ' A mammoth appeal started small -- six women from California , unknown to each other at first , but sharing a common story . "  I 'm a fighter if nothing else , and so are all the other women that are involved , " said Christine Kwapnoski , one of the original plaintiffs . Speaking with CNN , she recounted why she brought suit against Wal-Mart in 2001 . "  I was saying I want to do something more , but for whatever reason I kept getting overlooked for team leader positions , " she said . "  They kept hiring men off the street . Literally , I do n't even know where they came from , whether they came from college , men who never even had a day 's worth of Sam 's Club experience were coming in and I was the one training them . " Kwapnoski , 46 , began working at Sam 's Club retail warehouse -- part of the Wal-Mart brand -- in 1986 , eventually relocating to a store in Concord , California . By 2000 she was the longest-tenured hourly employee at the store , but claims she was being paid "  virtually the same " as male associates with half her experience . She was eventually promoted in 2001 , two weeks after the lawsuit was filed , and remains at the company . Kwapnoski soon realized her experiences were similar to other female workers -- first in the San Francisco Bay area , then across the country . "  They know we 're right and they just do n't want to admit it , " she told CNN Correspondent Kate Bolduan . "  They never want to admit anything when they 're wrong , they just believe that they 're semi-untouchable because of their size . " Kwapnoski claims she was told by a male general manager "  to doll up , " wear more makeup and dress a little better as a new supervisor on the loading dock , comments she says were inappropriate . And she says managers frequently yelled at her and other female workers , but not male counterparts . The plaintiff 's lawyer Joseph Sellers says there is a "  corporate culture " at Wal-Mart , where female associates are treated as second-class employees , and that the company 's "  strong , centralized structure fosters or facilitates gender stereotyping and discrimination , " which trickles down to individual stores . "  The store managers do n't make up their own pay and promotion policy -- they follow a common set of policies that are established by headquarters in Arkansas , " he said . "  There is extensive oversight of the decisions they make . " Spokeswoman says people are held accountable Wal-Mart operates 4,300 facilities in the U.S. , with more than $ 400 billion in global sales in 2009 . It employs 1.4 million people in the U.S. alone . Officials boast their anti-discrimination policy has been in place as long as the company has been around , and a recent public relations campaign has been launched to promote its diversity and inclusion . Gisel Ruiz is an example of what Wal-Mart says is a person who started small but has risen in the company because of her talents and hard work . After beginning as a store management trainee nearly two decades ago in California , she is now executive vice president for people at Wal-Mart , responsible for human resources . Ruiz is also a spokesperson in corporate efforts to fight these claims of discrimination . "  From my personal experience , it 's not part of the company 's culture or part of the policies . My career growth has been very positive with Wal-Mart . I am in a job that I never dreamed that I would be -- it 's based on my ability , my performance , my leadership abilities , but I am just one of many women , " she told CNN . "  I 've never been exposed to the examples that have been shared by the plaintiffs . I simply have n't seen it and I will tell you that we do n't have a tolerance for that kind of misconduct . " Ruiz says every employee from part-time entry level hourly workers to salaried managers must follow the rules . "  The policies against discrimination are in place for very good reasons ; not only is the law , but is the right thing to do , " she said . "  There 's oversight at a corporate level to ensure that the policies are in place , that they are relevant to today 's workforce and today 's workforce issues . Ultimately at store level , that 's where those policies are enforced , and people are held accountable if they violate those policies . " Wal-Mart says case is too big The workers bringing suit say women represent more than 70 % of Wal-Mart 's hourly workforce , but in the past decade made up less than one-third of its store management . A federal appeals court had concluded there was enough merit in the claims to proceed to trial on a class-action track . Since the lawsuit was filed a decade ago , both sides of the dispute have held discovery hearings , where preliminary testimony was taken to establish facts . The high court will not judge the merits of the sweeping claims at this stage , just whether a class-action trial can proceed . The parties have the option of settling the dispute out of court at some point in the future , and the company may feel great financial pressure to do if they lose at the Supreme Court on this gateway issue . The company has protested the size of the class action , which it called "  historic " in scope , saying it would be onerous , with too many disparate issues , to litigate . "  The plaintiff 's lawyers in this case went way too far . It 's the way the plaintiffs have framed the case , implicating every store , every person . There 's no way , one woman can be representative of a million women in a case like this , " said Theodore Boutrous , an experienced appellate attorney who will argue the case for Wal-Mart before the justices . "  The danger is that it would expose virtually every company in America to huge , costly , baseless class actions that 's bad for jobs , bad for the economy , and at the end of day it does n't help the people on behalf the case is being brought . " The company has the support of the business community , while a variety of civil and gender rights groups and unions back the plaintiffs . The Obama administration has not weighed in on the case . "  Wal-Mart is arguing in effect there is a large-company exception -- that when the company is sufficiently large and the discrimination is sufficiently widespread -- it 's just impractical to have a class action , " said Sellers , attorney for the plaintiffs . "  But there is no large-company exception to civil rights claims in this country . " Declaring class-action status for the lawsuit raises the financial and judicial stakes considerably , since more individual plaintiffs can now join , creating greater potential liability for the company being sued . In federal courts , such certification must generally follow well-established principles to ensure a lawsuit would not become so large as to be impracticable , and would allow the parties to fairly represent the common interests of the larger class of plaintiffs . Wal-Mart also has been accused in separate lawsuits of discrimination against African-American truck drivers and workers with disabilities . In 2001 the company settled 13 lawsuits by paying out $ 6 million . Most workplace discrimination lawsuits fail to reach a court for resolution , according to data compiled by the federal Equal Employment Opportunity Commission . In 2003 , when the Wal-Mart litigation was in its preliminary court stages , about 27,000 sex discrimination claims nationwide were resolved administratively by the EEOC , little changed from the prior decade . More than 57 percent -- some 15,000 claims -- were ruled administratively to have "  no reasonable cause " and those usually were dismissed . Just over 10 percent were judged to have merit , resulting in a total of $ 94.2 million in settlements , or $ 34,200 on average per case , according to the data , which include all such claims , not just those involving Wal-Mart . The case is also a clash of dueling cultures -- some have dubbed it the Battle of Bentonville vs. Berkeley , for the corporate headquarters and the home to the liberal legal team outside San Francisco where the lawsuits first percolated . Both sides have lots of data Three women now sit on the high court and each brings their own personal and judicial approach to gender bias cases . This is particularly true for Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg , a legal pioneer in promoting equality on the job . Whether their views will sway their male colleagues is unknown , but the court in the past three decades has restricted when class actions can proceed , saying "  rigorous analysis " must first be conducted by the courts . This after women , blacks , Latinos and the disabled launched high-profile class actions beginning in the 1960s . The problem is that both Wal-Mart and the plaintiffs have presented their own massive sets of data -- statistics and depositions -- that could overwhelm any "  rigorous analysis " of the facts . The dueling numbers -- which experience shows can often be manipulated in creative ways to make the point -- paint completely different pictures of the level of discrimination . Both sides agree the case , however it is resolved in the courts , will irrevocably alter the workplace landscape for generations to come . The case is Dukes v. Wal-Mart Stores , Inc.  10-277  .	Court to decide only whether case can proceed as class-action suit It would be the largest discrimination case of its kind Wal-Mart argues size would make case onerous
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Fashion photographer Rankin took time out from his career to take powerful pictures of people from Congo . One of Rankin 's images . He visited a refugee camp with the charity Oxfam and his work is now being exhibited in London . The photos are posed like a fashion shoot and different to the regular images coming out of conflict zones . "  I wanted to make the people who saw the photos look at the people and see them as people , not see them as victims , " Rankin told CNN . Oxfam says 10 million people have died in the last 10 years in the Democratic Republic Of Congo . In the last few weeks , a fragile cease-fire has broken down . The conflict is complicated by outside forces and a variety of armed groups fighting both the government and each other . Rankin said the people he photographed just "  wanted the thing to stop . "	Fashion photographer exhibits shots of refugees in DR Congo Rankin says "  I want people to see them as people , not victims
CNN  -- Former first lady Barbara Bush underwent heart surgery Wednesday at Methodist Hospital in Houston , Texas , a hospital spokeswoman told CNN . Former first lady Barbara Bush had heart surgery Wednesday in Houston , Texas . Jean Becker , chief of staff for former President George H.W. Bush , said that Barbara Bush , 83 , was "  fine " following the surgery . "  In fact , she is awake , " Becker said . "  We , of course , naively wanted to keep it quiet -- Mrs. Bush did , " Becker said Wednesday night . "  She thought there was too much fuss the last time . " Wednesday 's surgery was not related to surgery she had in November for a perforated ulcer . Her husband is with her in the hospital , where she is expected to remain for seven to 10 days . "  I am very impressed with and grateful to the wonderful team of doctors and nurses at The Methodist Hospital who have helped Barbara , " the former president said . "  We have every confidence she is in the best hands . " The open-heart surgery was taken as a precautionary step after she experienced shortness of breath last week and doctors found hardening on one part of her aorta , according to a statement released by the hospital . Dr. Gerald Lawrie performed the 2 1/2 hour surgery , replacing her aortic valve with a biologic valve , the hospital said . "  This is a very common aging change , " Lawrie told CNN 's "  Larry King Live . " "  It 's estimated as many as 10 percent of people over 70 need this type of surgery . It 's basically a wear-and-tear that leads to calcium deposits . " Lawrie said the former first lady "  really should " recovery quickly with the new aortic valve taken from a pig . "  That 's what we use most commonly , " he said , adding that Bush "  woke up from the surgery joking . "	Barbara Bush undergoes heart surgery in Houston , Texas , hospital Spokeswoman for Bush family says she 's awake , fine after 2 1/2 surgery Surgery a precautionary step after doctors found hardening on one part of her aorta She 's expected to remain in the hospital for seven to 10 days
CNN  -- As Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , General Martin E. Dempsey is the top-ranking officer in the United States armed forces , the most powerful fighting machine the world has ever known . The Irish-American general married his high-school sweetheart , Deanie . They have three children , Chris , Megan and Caitlin . We even know the names of their sons - and daughter-in-law , as well as those of their grandchildren . I have no need to know these personal details , but it 's a great comfort that the U.S. military feels it should make them freely available . It 's part and parcel of the transparency and accountability that maintains trust in an open society . This trust is never absolute , and often betrayed . But there are peaceful mechanisms to question it , to tear it down and to restore it . Now consider China . As part of the triumvirate running the Central Military Commission up until his retirement in 2012 , General Xu Caihou was of a comparable level of seniority to Dempsey . But all we know of him from official biographies is the dry details of his rise through the ranks . When he became the latest "  tiger " caught in President Xi Jinping 's anti-corruption campaign last month , we were suddenly confronted with stories about his family 's role in the sordid graft -- including a multimillion-dollar pre-paid debit card given to his daughter as a gift . She was arrested , along with her mother , according to media reports . Such high-profile cases are designed to lend credence to Xi 's vow to root out corruption at all levels , taking down the tigers as well as the flies . His biggest scalp to date : former Politburo Standing Committee member Zhou Yongkang . Officials are reported to have seized at least $ 14.5 billion from his family , friends and associates . But the cases also highlight a fundamental flaw in China 's political system : the state-sponsored veil of secrecy that shrouds the links between power and wealth , links that typically begin with the family . These ties are a problem for societies everywhere . Forbes in August exposed how Isabel dos Santos , the daughter of Angola 's president , built a $ 3 billion fortune on ties to her father . Turkish leader Recep Tayyip Erdogan is embroiled in a corruption scandal involving his son . In China , this matters more . For a start , the success of its increasingly global economy acts as a potent advertisement for the Communist Party 's political model . The Party 's paranoid control of information about its leaders and their families is coupled with a massive state apparatus dedicated to repressing a free press that could otherwise be relied on to expose those ties . Former Chinese premier Wen Jiabao talked often of the need to "  govern in the sunshine , " only for his family 's corruption to be exposed in the New York Times in 2012 . Earlier that year , the wealth Xi 's family had amassed was documented by a team of Bloomberg journalists -- of which I was one . Both organizations continue to suffer well-reported repercussions from digging around in the forbidden zone that surrounds the ruling elite and their families . While Barack Obama 's kids are photographed strolling along China 's Great Wall , Xi 's daughter , Xi Mingzhe , studied under a pseudonym at Harvard . There were unconfirmed whispers of an internship at a Wall Street bank . This kind of information matters far beyond the tittle-tattle of society pages in newspapers . Without knowing the ties binding wealth to power , it 's impossible to truly understand the motives that guide policy and the deployment of capital . When North Korean leader Kim Jong-un last year purged and executed his uncle , Jang Song-thaek , the official account included charges of corruption . Yet there were few commentators who saw anything but a campaign to remove a political opponent . For sure , North Korea is a grotesque and bankrupt mutation of China 's political model , but at a fundamental level they remain alarmingly alike . Why should we be willing to accept Xi 's rationale for the ongoing purges in China , and so hasty to reject Kim 's ? In truth , we ca n't and should n't believe either regime . There is one simple way for Xi to prove without doubt that he 's the real deal : publish the family trees of the Politburo on the Communist Party website and introduce a public register of interests for all officials so that they can truly be under the supervision of the people . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ben Richardson .	Latest China corruption scandal : $ 14.5 billion seized from people around ex-security chief Zhou Yongkang Richardson : these high-profile cases do n't get to the heart of the problem Fundamental flaw in the political system : a state-sponsored veil of secrecy that covers the links between power and wealth , typically within families
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- The chief financial officer of India 's Satyam Computer Services Ltd. was arrested Saturday , the third person taken into custody in a scandal that began when the company 's chairman admitted inflating profits with "  fictitious " assets and non-existent cash . Satyam founder B. Ramalinga Raju is shown Saturday being sent to prison in Hyderabad . Vadlamani Srinivas will appear Sunday before a special court , said A. Sivanarayana , additional director general of police in the south Indian state of Andhra Pradesh , told CNN . Company founder B. Ramalinga Raju and his brother , Rama Raju , Satyam 's managing director , were arrested Friday in connection with the scandal . In a letter written to investigators , B. Ramalinga Raju admitted that he and his brother were responsible for cooking the books at Satyam , according to CNN 's sister network , CNN-IBN . Satyam , India 's fourth-largest software-services provider , serves almost 700 companies , including 185 Fortune 500 companies , and generates more than half its revenues from the United States . It employs some 53,000 people and operates in 65 countries . B. Ramalinga Raju resigned Wednesday and confessed to padding company balance sheets . The practice began several years ago to close "  a marginal gap " between actual operating profit and one reflected in the company 's accounting books , he said , but continued for several years . "  It was like riding a tiger , not knowing how to get off without being eaten , " B. Ramalinga Raju said in a letter to the company 's board of directors . He said no board member was aware of what he was doing and he did not profit from the inflated accounts . The deception came to light after he tried to plug the hole by getting Satyam to buy his son 's construction companies . The acquisition was "  the last attempt to fill the fictitious assets with real ones , " he wrote in his letter . The deal would have cost Satyam $ 1.6 billion -- but the company 's board vetoed it . Stocks fell following the botched deal . Soon afterward , B. Ramalinga Raju came clean , saying he was doing so "  with deep regret , and tremendous burden that I am carrying on my conscience . " After his confession , stocks of the Hyderabad-based company fell more than 70 percent , causing India 's major stock index , the BSE SENSEX , to fall 7.3 percent Wednesday . The BSE SENSEX on Thursday deleted Satyam Computer Services from its indices . The company 's interim chief executive officer said Thursday the company 's immediate goal is to continue its operations uninterrupted . CNN 's Bharati Naik and Harmeet Singh contributed to this report .	Satyam 's chief financial officer arrested in profit-fraud scandal Computer giant employs 53,000 people and operates in 65 countries Chairman B. Ramalinga Raju said balance-sheet padding began years ago
CNN  -- Attorneys representing families whose homes were built with toxic drywall say they will not advise their clients to accept a proposed $ 55 million settlement without first having several "  fundamental questions " answered . In a conference call Friday , plaintiffs ' attorneys Victor Diaz and David Durkee claimed Miami-based Banner Supply is withholding essential information that would allow their clients to make informed decisions about whether or not to accept the proposed settlement . "  They refuse to tell us what assets Banner has ... As far as we know the company itself is contributing nothing to this settlement and they wo n't tell us how many people are going to split up this money , " Diaz said . "  If this really were a good settlement , there would be complete transparency of all of the facts so that consumers can make an informed decision . " Attorney 's representing Banner Supply could not be reached by CNN Monday . Homeowners involved in the suit have until the end of August to opt out of the proposed settlement . The plaintiffs ' attorneys claim more than 32 % of settlement money could go towards paying attorney fees -- possibly leaving their clients as little as $ 4,000 each to rebuild their homes . The U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission has received more than 3,000 reports from residents of 42 states who alleged the drywall contributed to severe health issues , including chronic sinus and upper respiratory problems . The homeowners also claim the drywall corroded metals in home appliances and fixtures throughout their homes . In 2009 , the product safety commission determined the drywall emits extraordinarily high levels of hydrogen sulfide and recommended that homes be completely gutted and electric components replaced . In court documents , Banner Supply has said it "  had no knowledge " the drywall was defective and that the Chinese-based manufacturer that provided Banner with the material is at fault . Homeowner Ricardo Dabalsa of Florida said what should have been a dream home for his wife and three children turned out to be a traumatizing nightmare . Dabalsa said his family moved into their custom-built home in December of 2006 and almost immediately noticed something was wrong . His children started getting sick , and within three years of living there , the air conditioning unit had to be replaced four times along with the microwave and the family computer . But the toll it took on his family was far greater . Their youngest daughter , Nicole , was hospitalized more than 20 times before they moved out of the house . Doctors said she suffered from acute respiratory illnesses like asthma and bronchitis , but Dabalsa said she 'd never been sick with asthma before . "  We spent Christmas of 2007 and New Year 's Eve in the hospital with Nicole for pneumonia and bronchitis , " Dabalsa 's wife , Aliuska , said . "  It affected me a lot ... I could n't sleep at night . " Dabalsa learned of the toxic drywall in 2009 and immediately decided to replace the drywall throughout the house . Though he has n't decided if he will accept the terms of the proposed settlement , Dabalsa said no amount of money will make amends for what his family has suffered . "  For what we went through , honestly , it 's never gong to be about money , " Dabalsa said . "  The house is safe now but if we smell something bad in the house , we 're scared . If my child or my kids get a cold we worry ... it 's really scary . "	Banner Supply has agreed to a $ 55 million proposed settlement Attorneys accuse the company of withholding information they need to advise their clients Officials determined the Chinese-made drywall emits sulfurous gas People in 42 states claim severe health issues
CNN  -- Security cameras were rolling when a killer whale at SeaWorld 's Florida park grabbed a trainer by her hair and pulled her underwater , leading to her death . Now SeaWorld and the family of Dawn Brancheau are fighting to keep videos and photos related to her death out of the public eye . A Florida judge on Thursday granted a request from SeaWorld Parks & Entertainment to join in a lawsuit filed last week by Brancheau 's family seeking to prevent the release of the footage , which was captured at SeaWorld 's Orlando , Florida , park on February 24 . Brancheau was interacting with an orca named Tilikum when the animal grabbed her ponytail and pulled her underwater in front of shocked onlookers at Shamu Stadium . She died from "  multiple traumatic injuries and drowning , " the Orange County Sheriff 's office said . Portions of the incident were captured on two cameras at the park -- one that shows a view from under water and another from that park 's Sky Tower , according to the family 's complaint , which was filed last week . "  The underwater view does not show Mrs. Brancheau until after she had entered the water . The overhead camera was not aimed at the scene until after the incident had begun , " the complaint states . "  Significantly neither camera shows what occurred in the moments prior to and including Mrs. Brancheau being pulled into the water and offer no insight into the cause of this tragic event . " Brancheau 's family filed the complaint against the Orange County Sheriff and the District Nine Medical Examiner 's Office , who have possession of the footage . Circuit Court Judge William Kirkwood granted a temporary injunction of the release of the footage , noting that the sheriff 's office filed a notice with the court stating it had no position on the matter . The medical examiner 's office also filed a notice of no objection to the Brancheau family 's complaint . iReport : Bob Barker , Tippi Hedren speak out on Sea World incident In a motion filed Monday , SeaWorld claimed it has an interest in the pending litigation because it is the exclusive owner of the footage . If possession of the videos is not controlled , the motion further claims , "  it is almost a certainty that they will be made publicly available on the Internet , " causing SeaWorld to lose its exclusive right to the video . "  Further , SeaWorld 's interests are generally aligned with the Plaintiffs ' interests , and SeaWorld , as the former employer of Mrs. Brancheau , seeks to assist Plaintiffs in protecting their privacy interests , " the motion states . SeaWorld also expressed concern that members of the media will be able to gain access to the videos if they become part of an investigative file with law enforcement . In fact , Florida 's broad laws regarding access to public documents creates a great likelihood of such a possibility , said CNN legal analyst Lisa Bloom . "  As a general rule , matters of a police file are public record , and the media has access to contents of a police file . Most mainstream media are not going to broadcast someone being killed or someone 's remains , but it 's a matter of having that access to decide how to use it , " Bloom said . "  Law enforcement files have to be released in Florida , so the media has a very strong argument not only under federal First Amendment laws but also under Florida access laws , " Bloom said . The Brancheau family 's lawsuit marks the second time this month that a family has asked the courts to intervene in the release of footage depicting dead loved ones . Earlier this month , another family made a similar appeal to the courts involving the release of photos depicting dead loved ones . The family of slain hiker Meredith Emerson last week asked a Georgia judge to issue an order preventing the release of crime scene photos depicting her nude and dismembered body . A reporter on assignment for Hustler requested the photos for a story he was doing , according to the adult magazine . A judge granted a temporary order in the case preventing the photos ' release pending a hearing on the matter .	Judge grants SeaWorld 's request to join family 's lawsuit restricting access to footage Dawn Brancheau 's family wants to prevent release of videos , photos related to her death Brancheau died after killer whale pulled her underwater in front of onlookers at Shamu Stadium
Hong Kong  CNN  -- The first giant panda to be born in Japan in 24 years has died just one week after generating huge excitement in the country as locals celebrated the rare birth . The seven-day-old unnamed cub died from pneumonia after its mother 's milk accidentally entered its airway , according to officials at Tokyo 's Ueno Zoo , where it was born . Toshimitsu Doi , the head of the zoo , told reporters at a televised press conference that the baby panda was found not breathing on its mother 's belly . It had been returned on Tuesday to its mother 's cage from an incubator , and zookeepers had heard its cries at 6:45 a.m. on Wednesday . Less than an hour later , they discovered the lifeless cub and tried to revive it by massaging its heart . The baby panda was confirmed dead at 8:30 a.m. local time . Only panda born in U.S. in 2010 named ` Po ' "  The cub swallowed milk into its respiratory organs and developed pneumonia , " Doi said , while wiping away tears . The seven-year-old mother , Shin Shin , had given birth to the baby after conceiving naturally , a first in Japan and a rare feat among the bears who have a low birth rate and are usually bred in zoos using artificial insemination . The cub was celebrated by the zoo as a success of its breeding program , and officials held daily press conferences since its birth last Thursday to report on its development . The cub was monitored around the clock and was occasionally placed in an incubator . Zoo officials said at the press conference that 60 % to 70 % of baby giant pandas die within their first week . China leased the mother , Shin Shin , and her mate , Ri Ri , to Japan in early 2011 for a fee of $ 1 million per year . China is known to use gifts or loans of pandas as gestures of diplomacy . After the cub 's birth , a spokesman at the Chinese foreign ministry said the newborn could promote better relations between China and Japan . Shortly before the cub was born , Shintaro Ishihara , the governor of Tokyo , sparked outrage in China by suggesting the cub be named "  Sen Sen " or "  Kaku Kaku " -- both in reference to Senkaku , the Japanese name of disputed islands lying 120 miles east of Taiwan that are a prominent source of tension between the two countries . In 2010 , a 14-year-old panda under loan by Japan died while under anesthesia during a semen-extraction procedure . Its death worsened the strained relations between China and Japan at the time over the islands , which are called Diaoyu in Chinese . Facts of life behind cute animal faces	First giant panda born in Japan in 24 years dies after one week Zoo officials said its mother 's milk had entered its airway The cub had generated huge excitement in Japan China is known to use gifts or loans of pandas as gestures of diplomacy
The loss of a second Boeing 777 in 131 days threatens Malaysia Airlines with another public relations and financial blow as it struggles to overcome industry and consumer fallout after the disappearance of Flight 370 . On Thursday , Flight 17 heading from Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur crashed in eastern Ukraine , according to reports from the Russian news agency Interfax . Early speculation centered on the possibility it was shot down at an altitude of more than 30,000 feet . The company confirmed that it lost contact with the flight -- coded MH17 . Its last known position was over Ukrainian airspace . The plane is said to have crashed in eastern Ukraine near the border with Russia . Russian-backed separatists are fighting the Ukrainian military in the region . As the tragedy unfolds with the obvious potential for significant wreckage and devastating loss of life , the threat to Malaysia Airlines as a company is potentially greater than any single airline disaster , said corporate turnaround expert Ted Gavin , founding partner and managing director of Gavin/Solmonese . "  This is a potentially fatal event for that airline , but also it 's an event for them to redeem themselves in how they deal with information and the public , " he said . Missing Flight 370 In the weeks following the disappearance of Flight 370 , some family members of passengers were harshly critical of Malaysia Airlines and Malaysian aviation authorities regarding the investigation . Family members accused airline officials of not offering information about how they responded immediately after the plane disappeared . In the months that followed , they expressed distrust of the airline and Malaysia 's government . "  The way Malaysia Airlines handled the disappearance of the last jet was a huge hit to confidence , " said Gavin . In the immediate hours following Thursday 's disaster , Gavin said "  the airline needs to share every piece of information and every piece of data they have , including the decision making process that led to that plane flying over a recent conflict region . " It also must be unashamed to discuss possible mistakes that were made , said Gavin . "  What ca n't happen is week-long deliberations where families of crash victims do n't hear from them or do n't know anything . " "  Frankly this is an opportunity for them to talk about what they 've learned and what they 've done better and what they 've done differently since Flight 370 . " Full story Searchers are apparently no closer to solving the mystery surrounding the Malaysia AIrlines flight which went missing March 8 en route from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing with 239 passengers and crew . This month , the airline 's main shareholder was considering restructuring the operation and taking it private , the Wall Street Journal reported . The Journal used the words "  turn around " and "  resuscitate " to describe the strategy . Malaysia 's Prime Minister Najib Razak tweeted Thursday that Malaysia is launching an immediate investigation into the loss of Flight 17 . In April , the Federal Aviation Administration ordered U.S. airlines to avoid airspace over Crimea , the Black Sea and the Sea of Azov . It said the region posed the "  potential for conflicting air traffic control instructions from Ukrainian and Russian authorities " and the "  misidentification of civil aircraft . " It 's unknown if Malaysian aviation officials issued a similar warning . The airline still faces possible lawsuits from family members that could total millions of dollars . Boeing 's twin-engine 777 boasts an excellent safety record and is among the most sophisticated airliners flying today . Its capacity is between 300 and 450 passengers and a range of about 5,700 miles . "  There have been bad years for commercial aviation , " Gavin said . "  But for one airline to lose two of the same type of airframe in such a short time span ? It 's potentially unprecedented for a commercial carrier in the modern aviation age . " Financial troubles Analysts said it may take a government rescue to save the company from financial disaster . Malaysia Airlines has faced increased competition in recent years from new regional airlines . It tried to boost revenue by selling more tickets , rather than raising prices , while keeping operating costs under control . It has also canceled some longer flight routes . But the strategy never took hold , and the difficult business climate has forced the airline into the red for the past three years , leading to a loss of about $ 1.3 billion over that period . The Malaysian government has helped the largely unprofitable airline before , though its previous efforts seemed only to provide temporary respite . Malaysia Air may need government rescue Gold prices rally in wake of plane crash	Analyst : Loss of two Boeing 777s in 131 days could deal fatal blow to Malaysia Airlines Malaysia Airlines flight from Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur crashed in eastern Ukraine The airlines is still struggling to overcome harsh criticism over its handling of Flight 370 It has also had serious financial problems in recent years
CNN  -- Very soon , you will be sick of slow-motion videos . They will fill up your Facebook , Instagram and Vine feeds . The amateur clips will show pets jumping and playing , objects falling and breaking , and people dancing about in glorious , high-quality slow motion . You can blame the iPhone . Slow-motion video is the most addictive feature of the new iPhone 5S  turns out fingerprint scans are useful but not really "  fun "  . The camera can shoot 120 frames per second  regular video is typically 30 frames per second  and then slow down all or part of the video to show details that would usually have sped right by . This technique is so cool that the Discovery Channel had a whole series devoted to it . "  Time Warp " employed extremely high-speed cameras and then slowed the footage way down to examine principles of physics . Apparently , it 's also cute for weddings . The camera is always one of the primary reasons people choose to upgrade to a new iPhone , right up there with overall speed . With each generation of phone , Apple has made incremental upgrades to the camera 's hardware and software , such as the ability to shoot video , to use a flash or to snap panoramic images . Here 's a closer look at the key features of the iPhone 5S camera : Low-light performance For the iPhone 5S , Apple improved overall image quality by expanding by 15 % the amount of sensor space the camera uses to capture pictures . Apple kept the camera at 8 megapixels but made the existing pixels larger , resulting in better low-light performance . Shooting photos in low-light settings is an area where all smartphones can use a little improvement . Nighttime photos are often grainy or murky because of slow shutter speeds , small sensors and shoddy flashes . The 5S has noticeably improved its low-light performance with the larger pixels and by adding auto-image stabilization , which corrects for shaky hands . It also replaces the iPhone 5 's old single flash with a new two-light system called True-Tone Flash . Instead of washing out a scene with a single flood of light , the new system takes a pre-flash to decide what the color temperature should be and then chooses the appropriate settings for cool and warm light . There are 1,000 potential lighting combinations , and while it 's still a far cry from a professional flash , it 's a big improvement . Burst Mode Just as every camera is a little better , every iPhone is a little faster . This round , there 's a powerful A7 chip inside . The camera feels faster as a result , especially when you switch over to a new feature called Burst Mode . Pressing and holding the shutter button now takes a rapid series of shots -- 10 frames per second , up to 999 total images . If you 're taking a photo of a fast-moving subject or want to be sure you do n't miss a fleeting moment , Burst Mode covers all the bases . It even helps you pick the best shots from the bunch by looking for things such as sharpness , smiles and whether a subject 's eyes are open . There 's a bit of an adjustment period with this new feature . On the old iPhones , you would hold down the shutter button until you were ready to capture an image , then lift your finger to capture it . Now you can accidentally end up with 45 photos of a sunset . Other features The new camera also contains a handful of smaller improvements , including a feature that crops images into squares and adds filters , Ã la Instagram . In a final touch , the panorama feature -- available since the iPhone 5 -- can now subtly change the exposure as you pan across a scene . Slow motion is still the most fun new feature , but it 's also the most frustrating when it comes to sharing . The files are large , so there are a few hurdles you must jump to upload the clips directly to Instagram or some other platforms . For example , you first must run the image through one of the phone 's share-screen options , which include Facebook , YouTube , Vimeo and Mail . The phone-camera battle The iPhone 5S is not the first smartphone to get these features . In fact , Samsung 's Galaxy S4 has slow motion , a mode for shooting action and many other camera extras not included on the iPhone , including the ability to speed up video clips and make animated GIFs . Owners of the iPhone 5S can add some of these missing features through third-party apps , however . The iPhone 5S does not even have the most powerful camera hardware . That honor goes to the Nokia Lumia 1020 , which packs a much-hyped , powerful 41-megapixel camera , great for zooming in on images taken from a distance . What Apple does have is a great alternative to a point-and-shoot in a popular operating system on coveted hardware . At this point , it 's pretty much a given that smartphones have severely wounded the market for point-and-shoot cameras . In the first half of 2013 , point-and-shoot sales shipments were down 42 % from the same period last year , according to the Camera and Imaging Products Association . That tumble follows years of declining camera sales as smartphone manufacturers compete against each other for the best new camera features . For the average consumer , the real camera battle will continue to be between smartphone manufacturers as they struggle to improve a feature that 's limited by space and technology . And Apple will continue making small camera improvements . Maybe the iPhone 6 will include a Frontback option . But for now , the slow-motion feature wins this round of iPhone upgrades .	The new iPhone 5S has a much-improved camera The camera has a larger light sensor and a Burst Mode feature for action shots It also shoots slow-motion video It 's not the first phone to have these features , and others may be better
CNN  -- Authorities were tallying results Sunday in France 's parliamentary elections , a key vote that could determine whether the country 's new president can push through his agenda . Voters cast ballots across France to fill 577 parliamentary seats . If President Francois Hollande 's Socialist Party wins a majority , it will be easier for him to garner support for his proposals . Hollande has been critical of the austerity policies central to European bailout deals for troubled economies there . To win the first round of voting , parliamentary candidates must receive a majority of votes cast in their districts as well as enough votes to represent 25 % of all registered voters in their districts . If those requirements are n't met , candidates will head to a runoff vote , scheduled for June 17 . Hollande became France 's first Socialist president since FranÃ § ois Mitterrand left office in 1995 as he swept to election victory over the incumbent Sarkozy , one of the most America-friendly French presidents in decades Hollande has unsettled investors with his criticism of the austerity policies central to European bailout deals for troubled economies such as Greece 's and Ireland 's . . The president , who was sworn into office in May , has chosen mostly moderates for his Cabinet , indicating an effort to build a broad coalition in the country . Last month , Hollande said he wants to balance the need to reduce the debts of European governments with efforts to stimulate growth . CNN 's Claudia Dominguez and Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .	Candidates could head to a runoff vote June 17 If the Socialist Party wins a majority , it would help new president Hollande 's agenda Hollande has chosen mostly moderates for his Cabinet
New York  CNN  -- Matthew Hoh , a young man previously unknown to the general public , has become the first U.S. official known to resign in protest over the Afghan war . He was the senior U.S. civilian adviser in Zabul province , Afghanistan . There certainly have been more famous resignations over a president 's war policy . President Lyndon Johnson 's first secretary of health , education and welfare and the architect of much of the civil rights and Great Society programs , John Gardner , resigned because he could not support the war in Vietnam and privately told the president he could not support him for re-election . LBJ 's Deputy Secretary of Defense Cyrus Vance resigned after becoming convinced the war in Vietnam , which he had strongly supported initially , was unwinnable . After his resignation he unsuccessfully urged Johnson not to bomb North Vietnam . Vance later resigned as President Carter 's secretary of state after arguing again unsuccessfully against "  Operation Eagle Claw , " the disastrous desert rescue attempt of our 52 hostages in Iran that cost the lives of eight American soldiers . Our history is filled with brave men and women who have resigned because they could not support a policy or an administration , but it 's never easy to quit and far more people carry on quietly and do what they perceive as their duty . Many thought former Secretary of State Colin Powell should have resigned rather than testify before the U.N. on Iraq 's supposed weapons of mass destruction , information he may have thought was suspect . There might not have been an Iraq war if he had done that . But the resignation of Hoh , a former Marine captain and Iraq veteran from the Foreign Service , as reported Tuesday on the front page of the Washington Post may have more impact than the others . His comments reflect the feelings of many of his countrymen who have far less knowledge of the Afghan situation then he does . The White House and State Department made every effort to keep Hoh from leaving and valued his service . He was exactly the kind of person we needed there if our Afghan efforts are to be successful . Even though I support the continued efforts in Afghanistan and believe the president should give Gen. Stanley McChrystal what he needs , Hoh 's words reflect thoughts that I , too , have pondered . Hoh said in his resignation letter : "  I have lost understanding of and confidence in the strategic purposes of the United States ' presence in Afghanistan . I have doubts and reservations about our current strategy and planned future strategy , but my resignation is based not upon how we are pursuing this war , but why and to what end . " But before the president acts  and he will make his decision quickly , I hope  he needs to answer Hoh 's : "  Why and to what end ? " If he ca n't , he will have great difficulty convincing his party and the nation of the need for further action . The why part is easier to answer . The United States and our NATO allies went into Afghanistan after the ruling Taliban government refused to turn over Osama bin Laden and to stop al Qaeda from operating with its protection . The United States has been in full pursuit of bin Laden since the August 7 , 1998 , truck bombings of the U.S. embassies in Tanzania and in Kenya in which hundreds were killed . These attacks were preceded by the 1993 bombing of the World Trade Center and the Khobar Towers bombing in Saudi Arabia that killed 19 U.S. servicemen . After that came the attack on the USS Cole in Yemen , which preceded the September 11 , 2001 , attacks against the World Trade Center and the Pentagon . Thousands of our fellow citizens were murdered and our way of life was altered forever . In spite of being on the FBI 's Most Wanted list , bin Laden has been an elusive target . In the late '90s on several occasions he was in our sights , but the inability or hesitancy to pull the trigger allowed him to escape . He is still out there with tens of thousands of supporters who want to destroy Americans and Westerners . The threat is still real . The bad guys are still out there and may be here . I feel this is the most important decision this president will make -- and other world leaders will judge him on his decision . Is he a viable partner ? Can he make the tough decisions U.S. presidents need to make ? Many Americans have doubts as they almost always do with any activity of our troops beyond our borders . We as a nation are still badly scarred from the divisions in the country caused four decades ago by the Vietnam War . Our president never served in the military , and it might be important to review the thinking of some who have and some who went before him . Caspar Weinberger was a young infantry captain in World War II who went on to be one of the most important secretaries of defense and who rebuilt our broken military after Vietnam . Facing a demoralized military officer corps and troops who were n't in much better shape , Weinberger asked all the major leaders in the Pentagon who had been young officers in Vietnam what lessons they learned . Included was a former young major in Vietnam who was now a brigadier general and served as Weinberger 's military assistant , Colin Powell . Weinberger came up with the Weinberger doctrine : 1 . The United States should not commit forces to combat unless the vital national interests of the United States or its allies are involved . 2 . U.S. troops should only be committed wholeheartedly and with the clear intention of winning . Otherwise , troops should not be committed . 3 . U.S. combat troops should be committed only with clearly defined political and military objectives and with the capacity to accomplish those objectives . 4 . The relationship between the objectives and the size and composition of the forces committed should be continually reassessed and adjusted if necessary . 5 . U.S. troops should not be committed to battle without a "  reasonable assurance " of the support of U.S. public opinion and Congress . 6 . The commitment of U.S. troops should be considered only as a last resort . A version of this became the Powell doctrine . Every president should have a copy of Weinberger 's doctrine on his desk . Number 2 and 5 are still the unanswered questions . They are the biggest obstacles to whatever decision President Obama makes . That , along with Hoh 's question : "  To what end ? " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ed Rollins .	Ed Rollins : Matthew Hoh quit the Foreign Service due to doubt about war He says Hoh is latest in tradition of Americans who resigned over wars Presidents must ask tough questions before sending troops , Rollins says Rollins : Troops should only be committed to serve vital U.S. interests
Amid all the talk of Germany 's new-found domination of European football after the success of Bayern Munich and Borussia Dortmund in reaching the Champions League final , Juventus ' achievement of winning the Italian title for a record-extending 29th time almost passed by without notice at the weekend . It was Juve 's second consecutive Serie A crown and provided further testimony to the impact coach Antonio Conte has had given he has only been in charge since mid-2011 . Like all successful coaches , Conte has already turned his thoughts to the future rather than the past as he called for renewed investment from the club to enable him to take the team forward . "  Conte the man definitely wants to stay at Juventus , " he had said prior to Sunday 's 1-0 win over Palermo , which confirmed Juve 's title success . "  However there is also Antonio Conte the professional , who needs to sit down with the club . I 've left big jobs before when I did n't believe in the club 's plans . " Back in April , Antonio Conte had lamented his team 's lack of spending power when the ` Old Lady ' of Italian football lost to Bayern Munich in the Champions League quarterfinals . "  If you have money , you buy players and you win , " said Conte after Juve 's exit . "  There are superpowers like Real , Bayern , Barcelona and PSG who have a turnover of $ 524 million . " But if Juve has n't yet been able to replicate its prowess of the mid-1990s in Europe 's top club competition following the match-fixing scandal of seven years ago , relief might be on the way . If an Italian side is to break through in the Champions League , Juve , which appeared in three straight Champions League finals between 1996 and 1998 , will be the most likely candidate , not a rebuilding AC Milan . Unlike most other Italian teams , Juve 's financial outlook is n't gloomy . Long backed by car manufacturer Fiat and owning its own , newer stadium -- bucking the trend in Italy -- that replaced the eyesore of the Stadio Delle Alpi gives Juve a sizable head start . The good times domestically could kick-start a run in Europe , according to an Italian football expert . "  They have can a massive advantage domestically , and I think in the long run , that 's going to give them the ability to challenge in the Champions League , " John Foot , author of Calcio : A History of Italian Football and a professor of modern Italian history at University College London , told CNN . "  I do n't think they 're that far away . They 've done this thing which all the other Italian teams find very difficult to do or have the will to do , which is to move to the German model of having their own stadium , which is a cash cow . "  I think they 're extremely well managed and the scandal is behind them , " added Foot , referring to the "  Calciopoli " match-fixing scandal which saw the club stripped of its 2005 and 2006 titles . According to the 2013 version of the Deloitte Money League , a list of the highest earning clubs in football , Juve placed 10th with revenues of $ 256 million in 2011/2012 . Juve was the second-highest ranked Italian team , two spots behind AC Milan . Television package More encouragingly for Juve , though , was an increase of around $ 52 million from the previous term -- bettering Real Madrid , Barcelona and Manchester United , the top three clubs on the list . And Juve did top Bayern Munich in one revenue stream -- broadcast revenues . Continual appearances in the Champions League , coupled with the new stadium , will only help matters . Juve posted a profit of $ 14.8 million in the first half of 2012/2013 , and although it said it expects the full-year figure to be in the red , losses are anticipated to be less than last season 's $ 64 million and far less than 2010/2011 's club record deficit of $ 124 million . The Italian champions are said to be in discussions with Samsung , already a sponsor of the team , over naming rights to the stadium and a shirt sponsorship pact that could bring in $ 157 million . But when Conte refers to Juve and other Italian teams lagging behind other football powerhouses , he is fully justified given Real Madrid 's revenue figure of $ 672.6 million headed the Deloitte list . Despite Manchester City being a relatively new player in world football , City 's matchday revenues outdid those of Juve . The Turin club 's broadcast revenues were inferior to the likes of Manchester United , Manchester City , Arsenal and Chelsea , who benefit from the English Premier League 's multi-billion pound television rights deal . Serie A 's overseas television rights deal , the Daily Mail reported last fall , was a mere one-sixth of the English Premier League . Perhaps an indication of its lessening appeal , Serie A -- dissimilar to the English Premier League , La Liga and the Bundesliga -- does n't have a jersey sponsor for its match officials . "  One of the problems of Serie A is that it 's difficult to see it , " Foot said . "  There 's not a package , which is worse than it was in the '90s . " Call for reform Juve president Andrea Agnelli wants change in Italian football , and so too does retired AC Milan and Italy great Paolo Maldini , part of the Milan team that beat Conte and Juventus in all an-Italian Champions League final in 2003 . "  If you go outside the San Siro you can see people selling fake merchandising , " he told Reuters news agency in April . "  It was like that when I started to play and it is still like that now . You ca n't allow this . Then you have old stadiums , very old stadiums . San Siro is a historic stadium . It 's nice but does n't offer comfort ... we have to improve it . "  Above all we need to learn from leagues that make money from sports rather than lose money . " Conte echoed those thoughts after Juve 's Champions League exit . I think we need to change Italian football and when I say we I mean us , the other clubs , media , fans and institutions , " he said . "  Abroad they invest money in projects , here we talk about referees and what cars the players are driving . " On the pitch Juve did n't do as well as last season , which was not a surprise since it finished unbeaten in Serie A in 2011/2012 . Yet the margin of victory was still impressive . Juve pulled away from Napoli and by the end of the weekend held a 11-point lead . Without benefiting from the individual brilliance of a Lionel Messi , Cristiano Ronaldo , Robin van Persie or Luis Suarez , Juve relied on a balanced attack and various sources to hit the back of the net . Creativity came from more than playmaker Andrea Pirlo , too . Before Sunday 's win over Palermo , four Juve players had more assists than Pirlo . Conte 's team was marshalled at the back by three notable Italian internationals , keeper Gianluigi Buffon and central defenders Andrea Barzagli and Giorgio Chiellini . A deal with Samsung would help Juve in its chase of summer targets and bolster its European prospects next season . Alexis Sanchez of Barcelona , who has n't shown his Udinese form in Spain , Paris Saint-Germain 's Italian playmaker Marco Verratti , and talismanic striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic -- a former Juve players -- have all been linked with the Italian champions . It all points to a promising period for Juve . Maybe the glory days in Europe will return sooner than Conte anticipated . "  What Agnelli goes on about now is the system must be reformed , " Foot said . "  But he has done more than anyone else domestically , so I think Juventus are in a good position . "	Juventus secure second successive Serie A title with 1-0 win over Palermo Success was record 29th Italian title for Juve Club stripped of 2005 and 2006 scudettos due to "  Calciopoli " match-fixing scandal
April 3 , 2015 We 're starting with some international headlines today , covering events in Switzerland , Kenya and the Pacific Ocean . California 's historic drought is now hitting home for many residents and businesses , who 've been ordered to cut their water usage . We discuss two religious holidays being celebrated worldwide this weekend , and we take a look at a pair of subjects related to U.S. National Parks . It 's all featured this Friday on CNN Student News . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . WEEKLY NEWSQUIZ Click here for a printable version of the Weekly Newsquiz  PDF  . 1 . What nation voted to replace Goodluck Jonathan with Muhammadu Buhari as president ? 2 . Name the U.S. astronaut who recently blasted off for a nearly year-long mission to the International Space Station . 3 . Hydraulic fracturing , also known as fracking , and horizontal drilling are methods of extracting what substance ? 4 . Despite his nickname "  the Little Corporal , " what historic conqueror was likely taller than other men of his era ? 5 . What nation is leading airstrikes against Yemen , following a governmental takeover there by Houthi rebels ? 6 . Though the spread of the Ebola virus appears to have stopped in Liberia and slowed down in Sierra Leone , new cases have increased in what West African nation ? 7 . During what period of European history was an eye ointment described that 's now showing effectiveness against a modern-day superbug ? 8 . Scientists have fitted certain insects , members of the family Blattidae , with tiny backpacks that manipulate their neural systems . Name these insects . 9 . In what body of water is Typhoon Maysak , which is threatening to make landfall in an island nation this weekend ? 10 . What two religious holidays will be celebrated around the world this weekend ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call . The Weekly Newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news
CNN  -- The last of three prisoners who escaped from Indiana State Prison earlier this month has been captured , authorities said Thursday . Lance Battreal , from left , Mark Booher and Charles Smith escaped from an Indiana prison July 12 . The U.S. Marshals Service captured Mark Booher , a murderer , around 11 a.m. , said Shannon Robinson , supervisor for a marshals service fugitive task force . Booher was taken into custody without incident in a hotel room on the north side of Indianapolis , Indiana , she said . He had been sentenced in 1999 to 65 years for murder and robbery . Booher escaped on July 12 from Indiana State Prison in Michigan City , Indiana , along with Lance Battreal , a rapist , and Charles Smith , also a murderer . Battreal was serving a 50-year sentence for his convictions in 1998 for rape , criminal confinement and stalking . Smith was captured the day after the jail break about eight miles away in southwestern Michigan . Battreal was captured Tuesday at his parents ' home in Rockport , Indiana . The inmates apparently escaped through underground tunnels , officials said . The prison was built around 1860 , and the tunnels -- lined with brick and concrete -- carry pipe chases and sewer lines . Two of the escaped inmates had worked in the tunnels as assistants to maintenance employees , said John Schrader , spokesman for the Indiana Department of Correction .	Mark Booher , a murderer , captured in a hotel room in Indianapolis He and two others escaped July 12 , apparently through tunnels under prison One inmate captured day after escape ; another found at parents ' home
CNN  -- On an island chain located halfway between Africa and Argentina , local authorities say a massive penguin rescue operation is under way . A mix of island officials and resident volunteers are struggling to save tens of thousands of Northern Rockhopper penguins threatened by an oil spill in the remote stretches of the south Atlantic , roughly 1,500 miles west of Cape Town , South Africa . The islands ' conservation director said at least 300 penguins have died after a cargo ship leaked thousands of tons of heavy oil , diesel fuel and soya bean near Nightingale Island , a British territory part of the Tristan da Cunha archipelago . "  I 've seen about 15 to 20 dead penguins just today , " director Trevor Glass said . Thousands more are covered in the ships ' oil and diesel fuel , according to local officials and conservationists . "  The danger now is getting the rest of these penguins past that oil slick , " Glass said . The rescue operation began shortly after March 16 , when the M.S. Oliva -- a Maltese-registered ship -- ran aground , fracturing its hull and ultimately splitting the vessel in two . The ship was heading from Santos , Brazil , to Singapore and had been carrying 60,000 metric tons of soya beans and 1,500 metric tons of heavy fuel , according to islands ' administrator Sean Burns and Transport Malta , the Maltese shipping authority . The agency said in a statement that it "  is investigating the grounding and subsequent complete hull failure " of the bulk carrier cargo ship . The dramatic rescue of the ship 's 22 crew members was captured on video , along with the spills ' aftermath , which showed penguins soaked in heavy oil . It was shot by an expedition team from an eco-tourism ship -- whose crew used inflatable boats to help ferry the sailors to safety , according to David E. Guggenheim of the Washington-based Ocean Foundation . Guggenheim witnessed the rescue aboard the vessel , called the Prince Albert II . Since then , an oil sheen has surrounded the island chain , which officials say could lead to an environmental disaster . Rescue workers , using inflatable watercraft and fishing vessels , are now ferrying penguins to a series of makeshift rehabilitation centers at the main island of Tristan da Cunha , according to Glass . There , he added , conservationists and volunteers are working in an effort to nurse the blackened penguins back to health . "  We need help , " said Katrine Herian , a spokeswoman for the Royal Society for the Protection of Birds who is also apart of the ongoing rescue effort . "  The priority is to get food into the birds as they are very hungry , " she said . "  We are trying locally caught fish and some are starting to take small half-inch squares of the food . " Herian noted that some of the islands ' residents had emptied their personal freezers in an effort to help feed the animals . By Friday , Glass said his team had corralled and transported a total of nearly 5,000 penguins , despite harsh winds and high seas that had hampered earlier rescue attempts . But the timing of their task is daunting . The shipwreck , having occurred at the end of the birds ' molting season -- a period during which penguins shed their feathers , do not eat and largely stay out of the water -- left the birds "  at their weakest possible state , " Guggenheim explained . "  They 're very hungry . " The season 's end also marks the beginning of a period when penguins re-enter the sea , now laden with heavy oil and soya beans . In a written statement , Tristin da Cunha administrator Burns said it is unclear what the impact of the ship 's cargo will have on the local marine environment , particularly "  any long-term effect on the economically valuable fishing industry for crawfish , crayfish or Tristan Rock Lobster ... which is the mainstay of Tristan da Cunha 's economy . " Fewer than 300 people live on the island chain , eclipsed by the its massive penguin population -- estimated at 150,000 -- which accounts for roughly 40 percent of the world 's total , according to the International Union for the Conservation of Nature , a global network of conservationists . The Northern Rockhopper penguin had been listed as "  one of the world 's most threatened species of penguin , " according to the RSPB .	Rescuers are struggling to save tens of thousands of Northern Rockhopper penguins The penguins are threatened by an oil spill following a shipwreck near remote island chain At least 300 penguins have died since the spill , local officials say
A former rising star in the Republican Party , former Virginia Gov. Bob McDonnell was red-faced and sobbing Thursday after a jury convicted him and his wife on multiple counts related to influence-peddling while he was in office . After more than a month of sometimes soul-baring testimony , the federal jury issued guilty verdicts on 11 counts against McDonnell , while clearing him on two others . His wife , Maureen , was convicted on nine while cleared on four . The charges involved gifts the couple received from a businessman , including a Rolex watch , a $ 15,000 check for their daughter 's wedding and other items that are legal under Virginia law . Prosecutors had to prove such gifts were accepted with corrupt intent . Read the indictment Conspiracy , wire fraud , influence peddling Both McDonnells were convicted of conspiracy to defraud the citizens of Virginia , wire fraud , conspiracy and influence-peddling . Mrs. McDonnell also was convicted on one count of obstruction . The jury cleared them both of false statement charges , and cleared Mrs. McDonnell on one of the wire fraud counts and two of the influence-peddling counts . As the guilty verdicts came in , the former first couple wept openly in the Richmond courtroom . Judgment day McDonnell , whose name came up as a possible running mate for GOP nominee Mitt Romney in the 2012 presidential election , now faces the likelihood of prison time . Sentencing was set for January 6 . Assistant U.S. Attorney General Leslie Caldwell said the McDonnells "  turned public service into a money-making enterprise . " "  The former governor was elected to serve the people of Virginia , but his corrupt actions instead betrayed them , " Caldwell said . "  Today 's convictions should send a message that corruption in any form , at any level of government , will not be tolerated . " ` Difficult , disappointing day ' for Virginia U.S. Attorney Dana Boente , whose office led the prosecution , called it "  a difficult , disappointing day for the Commonwealth . " "  When public officials turn to financial gain for official actions , we have little choice but to prosecute the case , " he said . Lawyers for the McDonnells indicated they intend to appeal . While the charges carry potential sentences of years in prison , legal experts said they do n't expect the maximum penalties to be applied . CNN legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin said he expected McDonnell to get about a year in prison , while his wife could get probation . Jury deliberations began Tuesday and lasted more than 17 hours over three days in the case that had all the elements of a soap opera : a broken marriage , alleged influence peddling and courtroom drama . Broken marriage Throughout the trial , McDonnell and his wife arrived and left the courthouse separately in a display at the heart of their defense . The pair pleaded not guilty to 14 counts of fraud , making false statements and obstruction . They were indicted in January after McDonnell left office following the lone term allowed under Virginia law . Prosecutors alleged the McDonnells accepted gifts with a combined value of more than $ 140,000 from Jonnie Williams , a nutritional supplement executive , in exchange for promoting his company using the power and the trappings of the governor 's office . The gifts included designer clothes , a Rolex watch , a golf bag , iPhones and a painting , according to the indictment and evidence presented at the trial . Read the list of gifts Their defense ? The 38-year marriage was so broken that the McDonnells barely spoke to each other , let alone conspired to peddle influence in the way alleged by the government . During the trial , the prosecution showed the couple communicated by email and vacationed together . Questionable judgment McDonnell said he did n't commit any crime , though he acknowledged questionable judgment in accepting what he called the "  personal generosity and friendship " of Williams . Defense lawyers argued that Maureen McDonnell , seeking emotional attachment because of her loveless marriage , developed what they described as a kind of schoolgirl crush on Williams and relished the attention and gifts from him . The question was whether she or her husband reciprocated by promoting Williams ' business in government circles . Witnesses included some of the family 's five grown children , former staff members of the governor and others close to the state 's first family . The McDonnells tried to get their cases separated , but lost that bid .	Sentencing set for January 6 Bob McDonnell and his wife convicted on multiple counts , cleared on others The McDonnells sob in court as the verdict is read Virginia 's former first couple was accused of influence peddling
Ten years after the Transportation Security Administration started a program to spot terrorists by observing passenger behavior , the agency has spent more than $ 900 million on the program but has yet to prove its effectiveness , congressional overseers say . And Congress risks wasting more money if it continues funding the program without scientific proof that it works , the Government Accountability Office said in a report . The report is the most critical yet pitting the GAO critics against the TSA , which has long believed that trained observers can pick out people who pose a threat to aviation by looking for signs of stress , fear or deception . The agency has deployed an ever-increasing number of so-called behavior detection officers , calling them a "  vital component " of its security program . Read the report In fiscal 2011 and 2012 , about 3,000 such officers were deployed to 176 major airports nationwide , where they observed about 1.3 billion people , the report says . The GAO said TSA tests of the program were flawed , and decades of published research on behavior detection "  also draw into question the scientific underpinnings " of the program . Those studies show that the ability of trained observers to detect deceptive behavior is "  the same as or slightly better than chance . " But the TSA defends the program , saying security would be damaged if money is cut . "  Behavior detection techniques have been an accepted practice for many years within the law enforcement , customs and border enforcement , defense , and security communities both in the United States and internationally , " the TSA wrote in a response to the GAO . Under the program , uniformed behavior detection officers scan passengers in line and engage them in brief verbal exchanges , identifying passengers who exhibit certain behaviors . Different behaviors are assigned point values , and if a passenger exceeds a point "  threshold , " they are referred to secondary screening , where they undergo a pat-down and search of their personal property , while officers continue to look for behavioral clues . If another threshold is passed , or if fraudulent documents are discovered , the behavior detection officer refers the passenger to a law enforcement officer for further investigation . The law enforcement officer may choose to allow the passenger to proceed or could question the passenger further . The initial observation takes less than 30 seconds , but the lengthier screening takes an average 13 minutes , and referrals to police can take longer , according to an outline of the process in the GAO report . "  The report released today by GAO displays what I have been saying for years -- that TSA 's  detection  program is fundamentally flawed , can not be proven effective , and should no longer be funded with taxpayers dollars , " Rep. Bennie Thompson , D-Mississippi , said in a written statement . Thompson , the ranking Democrat on the House Homeland Security Committee , said he will question TSA Administrator John Pistole about the report at a hearing Thursday . LAX shooting reignites debate over TSA worker 's role in security	GAO says TSA has spent $ 900 million on unproven terrorist-spotting program The program has trained observers looking for signs of stress , fear or deception The GAO says the results of the program are "  the same as or slightly better than chance " TSA : Behavior detection techniques are a long-accepted practice
Moments after breastfeeding her baby , Didiatou Hassam was shot in the head . Packed into a truck with about 60 other men , women and children , she was on her way to long hoped-for safety when the militants emerged , guns spitting bullets , from the thick jungle of the Central African Republic . Hers was n't the only life lost to the attackers . A man named Issa Lumbi , traveling with his wife , brother and son , was also shot and killed in a separate ambush . Our truck was No. 9 in a convoy of 20 carrying some 1,300 Muslims fleeing the ethnic violence tearing the country apart . The convoy had set off from the capital , Bangui , two days earlier . Its passengers , many carrying amulets intended to protect the wearer from danger , perched atop piles of mats , sacks and pieces of wood , the sides of the truck festooned with brightly colored water containers . The long line of trucks was headed up north , snaking its way 375 miles across the country on a hard , dangerous journey from the tropical Central African forest to the open savannah bordering Chad . The journey was not made by choice . Bitter fighting between Muslim and Christian militia groups since a coup last year has claimed many lives and displaced hundreds of thousands of people . But after four months trapped in a 500-meter stretch of road by a mosque in Bangui , under threat from the militia groups roaming nearby , it offered these families a chance at freedom from what had become an open-air prison . Riding on the truck with them promised to give a close-up view of the dangers they faced en route . Too risky to stop As the bullets crack through the air , all of us on truck No. 9 duck down , trying to cover our heads . A man with blood on his shirt stands up after the shooting . He is calling for help -- some of the people are injured . But for a while the huge convoy keeps on going . It is simply too risky to stop . The breastfeeding mother is now dying at the man 's feet . The convoy eventually halts . About 10 minutes after it stops , a military doctor finally reaches her . He has been traveling with the Rwandan military escort provided by the African-led International Support Mission to the Central African Republic  MISCA  . Its vehicles are scattered through the convoy but can not cover the whole strung-out line of trucks as it rumbles along the red dirt road . The attackers , meanwhile , have melted back into the forest . The Rwandan flag carried by the MISCA soldiers is a reminder of the slaughter that scarred their homeland two decades ago . Now they witness another African nation collapsing amid ethnic division . The doctor tends to several people who were injured but Didiatou , although still breathing , is mortally wounded . Someone removes the amulet she has attached to her waist . When they bundle her onto a mat and move her from one side of the truck to the other , the women , children and an old man nearby cover their faces and let out cries . In addition to the baby , she was traveling with another daughter , aged perhaps seven or eight . The other women on the truck , heads covered and dressed in bold , printed fabrics , take over the care of the two children . The ambush came around midday . Didiatou 's body remains in the truck for the next six hours and is buried when the convoy stops for the night in Kaga-Bandoro . Also buried is Issa Lumba , who was killed in front of his family in a second attack , presumably by the same militiamen , on a vehicle further back in the convoy . Only in Kaga-Bandoro , where the convoy can move into a MISCA compound , can all the passengers climb down from the trucks for the first time in two days . Joy turns to shock The ambush was all the crueler because just a few minutes earlier , the convoy had reached Dekoa -- the first area controlled by the Seleka , a predominantly Muslim group . As the convoy of displaced Muslims passed through , the first Muslim militiamen appeared , welcoming them with cheers and waves . "  We are safe now , no more worries , " Mohamad said , smiling , as he greeted the militiamen from his perch on top of truck No. 9 . "  The worst is behind , " he said , meaning the 185 miles of road dotted with hostile anti-balaka , as the Christian militia are known , in our wake . But the joy did n't last long . Dekoa is currently one of the "  hot areas " in the country 's savage inter-communal conflict -- and the Christian militia were lying in wait for the convoy outside the town . After the shock of the ambush lay more long miles of travel fraught with hardship and peril . The convoy spent a third night in Kabo , where some passengers left to join family members or to settle in a newly created camp for internally displaced persons . The last day ended at another such camp near the town of Moyen Sido , just shy of the border with Chad . Five babies were born en route , including two sets of twins . After four days on the road , there was no food to greet the new arrivals . Genocide fears The country began its descent into chaos in March 2013 , after a coalition of mostly Muslim rebels known as Seleka ousted President Francois Bozize . They have since been forced from power , but Christian and Muslim militias have continued to battle for control . To counter attacks on Christian communities by Seleka groups , the vigilante groups known as the anti-balaka , which translates to "  anti-machete , " fought back . As the situation has spiraled out of control , life in an already dirt-poor , unstable country has only become more hazardous . At least 2,000 people have died in the fighting , and 2.2 million others -- about half the country 's population -- need humanitarian aid , according to the United Nations . Hundreds of thousands have been displaced both within the country and beyond its borders . The continuing violence has raised the specter of genocide , as occurred 20 years ago in Rwanda . "  Do not repeat the mistakes of the past -- heed the lessons , " U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said last month on a visit to Bangui . As communities have fractured , Christian and Muslim minorities have become increasingly threatened . Aid workers have also been caught up in the violence . The medical charity Doctors Without Borders , or MSF , said this week it is reducing its operations in the country for at least a week after an attack on staff , patients and local authorities in one of its hospitals left 16 civilians dead . ` They will regret it ' The 1,300-strong group that left Bangui on April 27 had been trapped in an area of the capital known as PK12 for the previous four months . Surrounded by anti-balaka militia members , they could n't venture out to seek food or medical help , and were killed if they were caught leaving the area . Even within the enclave , they were subject to grenade attacks and shootings . In response to their pleas for help , the convoy to the north was organized by the International Organization for Migration and other NGOs . Now only one Muslim enclave remains in Bangui : PK5 , where clashes , incidents and violence occur almost every day . The capital is not the only place where isolated ethnic groups now live in fear . While Muslims are under threat in the south-west , in the north-east it 's Muslim militias who rule and the Christians who are targeted . The mayor of Bangui , Catherine Samba-Panza , was installed as interim president earlier this year . But the prospect of restoring peace to the country seems to be receding with each new attack . While international peacekeeping forces are in the country -- some 6,000 African Union troops and 2,000 French forces , as well as the first contingent of 1,600 European Union troops -- their ability to police remote communities is limited . The United Nations has promised as many as 10,000 military personnel by September 15 , which may help expand their operations . But the challenge is great and it may be too late . As a local journalist said , troops may be deployed but the real issue is that of reconciliation among communities . The conflict can not heal without the now-divided society coming together . Even as the convoy of Muslims traveled north toward Sido Moyen , many of the men and young people packed onto the trucks spoke freely of their anger and desire for revenge . "  We will be back and they will regret it . We will finish with them . They will regret to have been treating us as animals and have kicked us out of our own country , " said one 17-year-old civilian . Perhaps he , like others before him , will soon be a Seleka fighter too . The string of terrible atrocities carried out by both Muslim and Christian militias as this violent divorce between communities plays out makes it hard to see a road back .	Some 1,300 Muslims undertake a 375-mile journey from the capital , Bangui , to the north Their convoy comes under attack from Christian militia men ; two passengers are killed Didiatou Hassam was breastfeeding her baby moments before she was shot in the head The United Nations says months of fighting have displaced hundreds of thousands of people
CNN  -- All around the world today , people are in the early hours of trying to keep their New Year 's resolutions : Lose that 15 pounds , find that job that will make you happy , move to that city where you 've always dreamed of living . There is one kind of resolution , though , that very few of us will ever be in a position to make . Somewhere today , someone at the very pinnacle of his or her career is thinking of doing in 2012 what Tony La Russa did in 2011 : Get out on top . Willingly walk away and declare victory . Leave the table while the dice are still hot . La Russa was the manager of the St. Louis Cardinals who , within days of guiding his team to victory in the World Series , announced that he was done . It has never happened before in baseball , according to historians of the sport . No manager before La Russa ever retired in the same calendar year his team won the Series . Human nature tells us to hang on while success is at its peak . You do n't see many CEOs who have just led their corporations to record profits say : I have nothing left to prove . I 'm through -- it 's been fun . Who does that , when further riches and accolades await ? The inner knowledge that things may never be this good again competes against the thought that cruising speed can be exceedingly comfortable once you 've made it to the apex . Who reaches the top of the mountain and then , with the cheers still ringing , decides : No more mountaintops for me ? It happens in sports , once in a great while . Rocky Marciano retired from boxing in 1956 as undefeated heavyweight champion of the world . Jim Brown walked away from professional football after the 1965 season while still the best running back in the sport . They had won the game , literally . They left the field and never looked back . How difficult is that -- not to look back ? There are two schools of thought , each completely understandable . Consider the Beatles . Then consider Michael Jordan . In 1970 the Beatles , having accomplished everything , officially disbanded and never again shared a public stage . Less than a decade after they said goodbye to their fans , I had dinner with Ringo Starr , and asked him about it . He was adamant that the band -- all four were still alive at the time -- had made the right decision , and would stick to it . I told him I 'd read that a promoter had offered $ 45 million for the Beatles to sing together one more time . "  I think it was 50 million , " Starr said . "  But the thing is , we do n't want to do it . We do n't want to get together . And if we did want to get together , we could do it ourselves ; we would n't need anybody from the outside offering us any money . I think these promoters keep coming up with these big money offers just to get their names in the paper . It makes them little heroes for a day . " I told him that there were many people who never got to see the Beatles perform , and yearned for the chance . Starr shook his head . "  A lot of people say , ' I never saw them , and I want to see them just once , ' " he said . "  Well , I never saw the Beatles , either . I really wish I could have , but unfortunately I was onstage . I would have loved to have been out in the audience and have seen the Beatles . I would have liked to see what all the excitement was about . " But , he said , it was over . For the fans -- and for the musicians -- the memories would have to be enough . Michael Jordan was a different story . His resolve to stay away for good was short-lived . He missed terribly that which he had loved . During his first retirement from basketball , the Bulls ' management put up a statue of Jordan outside the United Center in Chicago . One night I asked him about it . "  Do I look like a statue to you ? " he said . "  I 'm not a statue . The whole thing makes me feel very strange . A statue just stands still forever while people stare at it . I 'm a person . I 'm alive . " I asked if he ever planned to drive by the arena and look at the statue . "  No , " he said . "  It 's not something I have whole lot of interest in doing -- driving out to see myself in front of a building . What am I going to do ? Get out of my car and toss coins at myself for luck ? "  It 's a piece of metal . It 's stuck in one place . It does n't move . I 'm a man . " It was n't overly surprising when Jordan returned to the NBA , and then , after a second retirement , when he did it again . A few months ago , in New York , I unexpectedly ran into him on the sidewalk . As we stood speaking on Lexington Avenue near 50th Street , people catching sight of him did stop and stare almost as if they were looking at a statue . In 2009 , in a speech at the Basketball Hall of Fame , Jordan said that he might play again when he was 50 . When the audience reacted as if it was a joke , Jordan said : "  Oh , do n't laugh . Never say never . " Next month , he turns 49 . The Beatles stuck to their vow , and now , with John Lennon and George Harrison long dead , the vow is destined to last forever . Jordan ? It does n't seem likely that he 'll un-retire one more time , however briefly , to prove something to himself , but stranger things have happened . Happy new year to the rest of us . We 'll never have a choice like that . But somewhere in the United States today , someone at the very top of his or her field is almost certainly thinking about it . When you 've loved doing something for your whole life , can you wave goodbye to it before you have to ? Ask Tony La Russa a year from now . It can be harder than it looks . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : At New Year , consider those , like Cardinals ' La Russa , who quit while ahead He asks : How many of us could make a resolution like that ? How many could not look back ? He says Beatles , Rocky Marciano did . Michael Jordan tried , but came back to what he loved Greene : Somewhere someone at top of field is mulling quitting in 2012 . it 's harder than it looks
