In July , KDNuggets.com , an online newsite focused on data mining and analytics software , ran an unusual listing in its jobs section . "  We are looking for Predictive Modeling/Data Mining Scientists and Analysts , at both the senior and junior level , to join our department through November 2012 at our Chicago Headquarters , " read the ad . "  We are a multi-disciplinary team of statisticians , predictive modelers , data mining experts , mathematicians , software developers , general analysts and organizers - all striving for a single goal : re-electing President Obama . " The job listing caught the attention of Alex Lundry , a Republican data-mining expert at TargetPoint Consulting . He tweeted a link to the ad , commenting , "  The Obama campaign is taking #bigdata seriously ; what about the GOP candidates ? " The question almost answers itself . So far in the presidential election of 2012 , there is only one campaign that is doing cutting-edge work with data . Obama may be struggling in the polls and even losing support among his core boosters , but when it comes to the modern mechanics of identifying , connecting with and mobilizing voters , as well as the challenge of integrating voter information with the complex internal workings of a national campaign , his team is way ahead of the Republican pack . Facebook apps and other tools Alone among the major candidates running for president , the Obama campaign not only has a Facebook page with 23 million "  likes "  roughly 10 times the total of all the Republicans running  , it has a Facebook app that is scooping up all kinds of juicy facts about his supporters . Users of the Obama 2012 - Are You In ? app are not only giving the campaign personal data like their name , gender , birthday , current city , religion and political views , they are sharing their list of friends and information those friends share , like their birthday , current city , religion and political views . As Facebook is now offering the geo-targeting of ads down to ZIP code , this kind of fine-grained information is invaluable . Inside the Obama operation , his staff members are using a powerful social networking tool called NationalField , which enables everyone to share what they are working on . Modeled on Facebook , the tool connects all levels of staff to the information they are gathering as they work on tasks like signing up volunteers , knocking on doors , identifying likely voters and dealing with problems . Managers can set goals for field organizers -- number of calls made , number of doors knocked -- and see , in real time , how people are doing against all kinds of metrics . In additional to all the hard data , users can share qualitative information : what points or themes worked for them in a one-on-one conversation with voters , for example . "  Ups , " "  Downs " and "  Solutions " are color-coded , so people can see where successes are happening or challenges brewing . And unlike an open social network , where everyone is equal , NationalField runs on a hierarchical social graph : Higher-level staff get a broader view of the state and local work below them . For a campaign that tapped the volunteer energies of millions of people in 2008 and appears to need all the help it can get in 2012 , these kinds of fine-grained technologies could make a key difference . While the Republican field  and bloggers and the press  has been focused on how their candidates are doing with social networking , Obama 's campaign operatives are devising a new kind of social intelligence that will help drive campaign resources where they are most needed . ` Data harmonization ' It all sounds like common sense , but actually , connecting and synchronizing the data a campaign collects from its field operation , fundraising operation and Web operation is n't a trivial task . "  The holy grail of data analysis is data harmonization , or master data management , " Lundry said . "  To have political talking to finance and finance talking to field , and data is flowing back and forth and informing the actions of each other -- it sounds easy , but it 's incredibly hard to implement . " Most political campaigns tend to rely on consultants to carry out part or all of these functions , resulting in even greater obstacles to sharing information . Like Lundry , Republican technology consultant Martin Avila is worried . His firm , Terra Eclipse , built Ron Paul 's 2008 Web operation and works closely with the tea party movement . This year , it did some work on Tim Pawlenty 's website until that campaign folded . Avila 's flagship project is a conservative social-networking hub called Freedom Connector , which has grown to 150,000 members in a matter of months by giving right-wing activists tools to organize local meetings and discussions . Avila does n't think any of the Republican presidential campaigns fully understand the power of data today . "  They have to stop seeing a website as a piece of direct mail that people will receive , " he said . "  They have to see a website as the equivalent of a campaign office in Iowa , one that is open 24/7 . " And campaigns need to know how to take quick and well-targeted action to respond to every expression of interest they may get online , he argues , because voter interest in politicians is fickle . Simply sending a generic e-mail reply is n't enough . "  If you can make that initial response a phone call from someone in their town or a neighbor , asking them to come to a county fair tomorrow , that 's much more powerful . " Power of personal connections Without good data management , the different legs of a national campaign can trip over each other . "  One hand does n't know what the other hand is doing quite often in campaigns , " Lundry said . "  With master data management across a campaign , you can see how often you 're talking to a person " and thus not bombard them with untimely or poorly targeted requests . But , according to Avila , "  Not many on the Republican side know how to technically accomplish that . " Their approach to the Web , he adds , is still too much shaped by pre-Internet politicking using broadcast advertising . "  The ability to connect to people on a one-to-one basis , and encourage them to connect with one another , is way more powerful than that . " How powerful ? The 2008 Obama campaign offered an early glimpse of the potential of data-driven politics . By the end of the election , it had amassed 13 million supporter e-mail addresses , collected nearly 4 million individual donations and tallied about 2 million registered users on my.BarackObama.com , the campaign 's social networking platform . Seventy thousand myBO members had used the site to conduct their own personalized fundraising campaigns . Since 2008 , enthusiasm for Obama has waned , but his online presence has n't . His base on Facebook has soared nearly six times from the 4 million he had on Election Day , and his following on Twitter now stands at 10 million , dwarfing the Republican field . So even if Obama is n't drawing millions of people off their sofas to rally to his side on their own in 2012 , his team has a huge amount of raw data to work with as they build his re-election machine . If the 2012 election comes down to a battle of inches , where a few percentage points change in turnout in a few key states making all the difference , we may come to see Obama 's investment in predictive modelers and data scientists as the key to victory .	In the mechanics of identifying voters , President Obama 's team is ahead of GOP rivals Obama 's re-election campaign is the only one doing cutting-edge work with data President 's operation uses a powerful social-networking tool called NationalField Expert : GOP presidential campaigns do n't fully understand power of data crunching
EW.com  -- Any existing physical copies of Nora Ephron 's "  Crazy Salad : Some Things about Women " and "  Scribble , Scribble : Notes on the Media " are probably well-worn , underlined , and doggy-eared by now . "  Crazy Salad " and "  Scribble , Scribble " have been out-of-print as solo volumes since 1991 and 1984 , respectively . Vintage will give these two landmark books a fresh printing as a single volume come October 16 . They will also be available in their entirety as e-books for the first time on that date . "  Crazy Salad , " originally published in 1975 , contains Ephron 's famous , oft-quoted essay , "  A Few Words About Breasts . " After Ephron died in June , did you go looking for her backlist only to have trouble finding these two titles ? See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Crazy Salad " and "  Scribble , Scribble " have been out-of-print as solo volumes On October 16 , Vintage will publish both titles as a single volume They 'll also be available in their entirety as e-books for the first time on that date
CNN  -- A prosecutor is dropping a charge against prominent Harvard University professor Henry Louis Gates Jr. after Cambridge , Massachusetts , and the city 's police department recommended that the matter not be pursued . Harvard Professor Henry Louis Gates Jr. was arrested last week on a charge of disorderly conduct . In a joint statement , Cambridge and the police department said they made the recommendation to the Middlesex County district attorney and the district attorney 's office "  has agreed to enter a nolle prosequi in this matter , " meaning that it will not be pursued . Gates was arrested last week on a charge of disorderly conduct after a confrontation with an officer at his home , according to a Cambridge police report . Charles Ogletree , a professor at Harvard Law School who is Gates ' lawyer in this case , told CNN on Tuesday that Gates -- the director of Harvard 's W. E. B. Du Bois Institute for African and African American Research -- had returned from China on Thursday to his Cambridge home and discovered his front door jammed . He opened his back door with his key and tried unsuccessfully from inside his home to open the front door . Eventually , Gates and his driver forced the door open from the outside , Ogletree said . The professor was inside for several minutes when a police officer , Sgt. James Crowley , appeared at his steps and asked him to step outside , the lawyer said . According to his lawyer , Gates told the officer he lived there and showed him his Massachusetts driver 's license and Harvard University identification card . The officer followed him into his house and said he had received a report of a possible break-in , the lawyer said . Gates grew frustrated that the officer was continuing to question him in his home and asked for the officer 's name and badge number , Ogletree said . The police report offers a different account of the incident . Gates refused to step outside to speak with the officer , the police report said , and when Crowley told Gates that he was investigating a possible break-in , Gates opened the front door and exclaimed , "  Why , because I 'm a black man in America ? " the report said . "  While I was led to believe that Gates was lawfully in the residence , I was quite surprised and confused with the behavior he exhibited toward me , " he said , according to the report . The report said Gates initially refused to show the officer identification , but eventually produced a Harvard identification card , prompting Crowley to radio for Harvard University Police . Gates followed the officer outside and continued to accuse him of racial bias , the report said . After Crowley warned the professor twice that he was becoming disorderly , the officer wrote he arrested Gates for "  loud and tumultuous behavior in a public space . " Ogletree said the professor was "  very frustrated " but never touched or pointed at the officer . He was released from police custody Thursday evening after spending four hours at the police station , Ogletree said .	NEW : Police ask for disorderly conduct charged to be dropped African-American scholar Henry Louis Gates Jr. had confrontation with police Cambridge officer came to his home last week after report of break-in Police report : Gates refused to ID himself , accused officer of racism
CNN  -- Cristiano Ronaldo 's stunning extra-time header gave Jose Mourinho his first trophy as Real Madrid coach on Wednesday , winning the Spanish Cup final 1-0 against arch-rivals Barcelona . Real went to Valencia seeking a first Copa del Rey triumph since 1993 , and the 42nd goal this season by the world 's most expensive player handed the club an 18th success in the competition . The Portugal captain rose high at the far post to power in a 103rd-minute effort from a teasing cross by Angel Di Maria , who was sent off for a second booking at the end of the second spell of extra time . It was Ronaldo 's second goal in two games against Barca , having netted a late equalizing penalty in Saturday 's 1-1 draw that left the Catalans eight points clear in La Liga . Is Real Madrid 's Mourinho the master of mind games ? Mourinho employed the defensive midfield formation he used in that second "  El Clasico " clash this season between the two teams , who will meet again in the semifinals of the European Champions League next Wednesday . The tactic paid off as Real had the better of the first half of regulation play , and converted midfielder Pepe came closest to breaking the deadlock with a thumping header that hit the post in the 44th minute . Barcelona battled back into the game in the second half , and had the ball in the net with 69 minutes gone but Pedro was ruled to have been marginally offside as he gathered a superb pass from Lionel Messi . Captain Iker Casillas then saved Real with superb efforts to deny Messi and Pedro in rapid succession , and the match went to extra time . Ten-man Madrid deny Barcelona in Clasico Madrid waited for counter-attacking opportunities , and the first came in the 98th minute as Ronaldo raced clear before driving just wide of Jose Manuel Pinto 's far post . But he made no mistake five minutes later as Di Maria combined well down the left with Marcelo and delivered the perfect cross . The Argentine departed the scene in time added on , but Barcelona did not make anything of the resulting free-kick and Pep Guardiola 's team -- seeking an overall 26th triumph -- could not force a penalty shootout . It gave Mourinho his first victory over Barca since taking charge at Real , and went some way to avenging the 5-0 thrashing at the Nou Camp in the first half of the season . He has now won a trophy in every country in which he has coached -- his native Portugal , England , Italy and now Spain . Meanwhile , AC Milan had to come from behind to secure a 2-2 draw at home to Palermo in the first leg of their Coppa Italia semifinal on Wednesday . Zlatan Ibrahimovic put Milan ahead in the fourth minute on the day he failed to overturn a three-match Serie A ban for swearing in the direction of a linesman . The Swedish striker , who missed Saturday 's 3-0 win over Sampdoria that put Milan six points clear in the league , volleyed home from close range at the far post from Massimo Oddo 's deep cross . Argentine forward Javier Pastore leveled 10 minutes later after combining well with Maurizio Pinilla , and young Uruguayan strike partner Abel Hernandez followed up his weekend double from the win over Roma to make it 2-1 in the 53rd minute with a fierce shot that went in off the crossbar . However , Urby Emanuelson equalized with 14 minutes to play after Ibrahimovic ran into the box and the ball ran loose to the Dutchman . Pastore could have restored Palermo 's lead ahead of the second leg in Sicily on May 10 but goalkeeper Marco Amelia made a fine save to deny him . Cup holders Inter Milan will take a 1-0 lead into the May 11 home leg of their semi against Roma after Dejan Stankovic scored the only goal at the Stadio Olimpico on Tuesday in a repeat scoreline of last year 's final .	Real Madrid win Copa del Rey for the 18th time , beating Barcelona 1-0 final Cristiano Ronaldo scores the only goal in Valencia , heading home in extra time Jose Mourinho lifts his first trophy with Real ahead of Champions League semis AC Milan held to a 2-2 draw at home by Palermo in first leg of Italian Cup semifinal
Abortion rates in the United States are at their lowest in 40 years , according to a new report from the Guttmacher Institute . In 2011 , the U.S. abortion rate was 16.9 abortions per every 1,000 women aged 15 to 44 , the lowest it 's been since abortion was legalized in 1973 . Between 2008 and 2011 , the abortion rate fell 13 % , resuming the downward trend that had stalled between 2005 and 2008 . Abortion rates stall after decade-long decline "  The decline in abortions coincided with a steep national drop in overall pregnancy and birth rates , " Rachel Jones , lead author of the study , said in a statement . "  Contraceptive use improved during this period . ... Moreover , the recent recession led many women and couples to want to avoid or delay pregnancy and childbearing . " The study , "  Abortion Incidence and Service Availability in the United States , 2011 , " is available online and will be published in the March issue of the journal Perspectives on Sexual and Reproductive Health . As Jones said , several variables affect abortion rates , including the economy , access to contraception and the availability of abortion services . The pregnancy rate is the lowest it has been in 12 years . It 's possible that since there were fewer overall pregnancies , there were also fewer unintended pregnancies during this time period . Both could be attributed to an uptick in more effective contraception use , the study authors say . U.S. women having fewer children Previous studies have shown that offering free contraception to women may prevent abortions . Longer-term methods , such as intrauterine devices , are as much as 20 times more effective at preventing unintended pregnancies than methods that require constant action , such as the birth control pill or vaginal ring . "  Access to a range of birth control methods is playing an important role in reducing unintended pregnancy and decreasing the need for abortion , " Cecile Richards , president of Planned Parenthood Federation of America , said in a statement . "  This report comes just as some politicians and corporations are trying to make it harder for women to get birth control by chipping away at the historic benefit in the Affordable Care Act that requires insurance plans to cover birth control without a copay . " Women 's access to certain types of abortion providers also matters , the study authors say . In 2011 , abortion clinics represented just 19 % of facilities offering abortion services . Yet clinics performed approximately 63 % of the procedures . The researchers concluded that "  the number of clinics in particular may be a more important indicator of access than the total number of providers . " The total number of abortion providers declined 4 % between 2008 and 2011 , according to the study . The number of clinics declined 1 % nationwide , with much higher rates of decline in Arkansas , Idaho , Kansas , Oklahoma and Vermont , which each lost one clinic . Although one clinic closure may seem insignificant , it may have contributed to the larger-than-average decline in the abortion rates in Kansas and Oklahoma , the study authors say . Study : '16 and Pregnant ' led to fewer teen births An estimated 239,400 early medication abortions were performed in 2011 , 20 % more than in 2008 . The vast majority -- 98 % -- were done using Mifepristone , more commonly known as RU-486 . Mifepristone was approved in 2000 in the United States . It is used to block the hormone progesterone in women who are up to nine weeks pregnant . "  Heavy promotion of RU-486 and chemical abortions has really had an impact , " Randall K. O'Bannon , director of education and research with the National Right to Life Committee , told CNN in 2011 . "  Women  would consider abortion when they might not consider it before . " National Right to Life recently released its own report on "  The State of Abortion in the United States , " which states that more than "  3,000 unborn children are still killed every day . " The anti-abortion organization says the recent drop in the abortion rate can be attributed to legislative efforts at the state and federal levels . "  Abortion remains widely available . But after years of being told that abortion was ` the best choice ' or ` their only choice , ' women are learning that there are alternatives to abortion that affirm their lives and the lives of their children , " President Carol Tobias said in a statement . "  The bottom line is simple : the right-to-life movement is succeeding because even after 41 years and more than 56 million abortions , the conscience of our nation knows that killing unborn children is wrong . " Abortion Fast Facts Between 2008 and 2010 , 44 laws related to abortion were implemented in 18 states , according to the report . Most did not likely have an effect on the abortion rate , the study authors say , but a few may have . For example , a new law in Missouri that requires a woman to attend an in-person counseling session 24 hours before an abortion may have attributed to the state 's 17 % decline . An additional 62 laws related to abortion were passed in 2011 . Most did not go into effect until October , the study authors say , so it 's unlikely they had an effect on the report 's numbers . However , they may contribute to a change in abortion rates in the future . "  Over the past three years , we have seen an unparalleled attack on abortion rights at the state level , and these new restrictions are making it harder for women to access services and for providers to keep clinic doors open , " Elizabeth Nash , state issues manager at Guttmacher , said in a press release . "  As we monitor trends in abortion going forward , it is critical that we also monitor whether these state restrictions are preventing women who need abortion services from accessing them . " Opinion : Let 's get real about abortions The Guttmacher Institute study does have its limitations . The study authors were unable to get in touch with every abortion provider , and some providing early medication abortions may have been missed . "  As welcome as news of this decline is , more information is needed , " said Chuck Donovan , president of the Charlotte Lozier Institute . "  The Guttmacher data is based on completely voluntary reporting by abortion providers . Until we have consistent reporting requirements , inclusive of states with high abortion rates and gathered by publicly accountable bodies , we can not begin to paint a complete picture of U.S abortion trends . "	Abortion rates are at their lowest since 1973 when it was legalized Between 2008 and 2011 , the abortion rate fell 13 % Several variables affect abortion rates , including the economy and access to contraception "  3,000 unborn children are still killed every day , " National Right to Life says
CNN  -- More than 100 students at St. Francis Preparatory School in Queens , New York , have fallen ill recently . Some have tested positive for swine flu , health authorities say . New York high schooler Arianna Anastos and dad Chris talk with CNN 's Anderson Cooper about the outbreak . At least 50 people in the United States have contracted the virus , officials say . Some of those who tested positive at the New York high school recently went to Cancun , Mexico , for spring break . By Tuesday , the number of deaths believed attributable to swine flu climbed to as many as 152 -- all of them in Mexico .  Twenty-six cases , including seven deaths , have been confirmed in the country . St. Francis student Arianna Anastos , 16 , was n't on that spring break trip to Mexico , but her friends were . She started exhibiting flulike symptoms and was hospitalized last weekend . CNN 's Anderson Cooper spoke Monday night with the teen and her father , Chris , on "  AC 360 ° . " Anderson Cooper : Arianna , how are you feeling right now ? Arianna Anastos : I 'm feeling a lot better now . Cooper : When did you first start to feel sick -- and what did you feel like ? Arianna : I felt sick on Thursday . I was really dizzy . And I started having a fever and a cough . And I -- I had trouble breathing . Cooper : How bad did the fever get ? Arianna : About 103 by Saturday . Cooper : So then what did you do about it ? Arianna : I went to the hospital with my mom . And we waited for about an hour . And I got tested by the strep throat test and the nose swab . Cooper : You -- you have n't been to Mexico . How do you think you got it ? Arianna : Probably from someone else . I mean , like , you know , people touch the railing on the school , like , and then I touch them , so any possible way . Cooper : Chris , you must have been incredibly concerned . How ... did you deal with this ? Chris Anastos : Well , it was terrible . On Saturday morning , she looked like she was run over by a truck really . It really scared us . But ... Cooper : What do you mean by that ? ... How did she look ? Anastos : Well , she was on the couch lying down with her eyes closed , could not move , could not even open her eyes . I had a wet towel over her eyes to keep her temperature down . ... Cooper : Arianna , you went to the hospital on Saturday . ... Did they give you Tamiflu ? Arianna : Yes . Cooper : So how soon after taking the Tamiflu did you start to feel better ? Arianna : After two pills , I started feeling better . Cooper : How do you deal with the fear about spreading it ? I mean , Arianna , were you worried that you might give it to other family members ? Arianna : Yes . I mean , my parents would , like , come into the room , but they would wear masks and gloves . And they would n't allow anyone into the room . And they would n't allow me , like , to touch anything in the house , or else my mom would , like , spray it with Lysol . So , you know , no one got sick . ... . Anastos : We took every precaution we could to prevent the spreading . And , obviously , we were -- my wife and I and my other daughter did not get it . So it worked for us . Cooper : So -- so , they gave you masks at the hospital , and you made sure to wear those around the house ? Anastos : Yes . Yes . They -- they really did a good job . They explained to us what we needed to do . They gave us the equipment . And we just followed directions , and nothing happened to us . And Arianna is almost 100 percent . Cooper : Well ... . I 'm glad , Arianna , that you 're feeling better . It 's amazing what a difference two pills can make . And I 'm glad you were able to get the Tamiflu . Arianna : Yes . Cooper : And I 'm glad you 're feeling better , and I 'm glad no one else in your family caught this .	More than 100 students at New York high school fell ill with flulike symptoms CNN 's Anderson Cooper interviews teenager who was sick Teen did n't go to Mexico , but some of the ill students went recently to Cancun Dad : "  She was on the couch lying down with her eyes closed , could not move "
CNN  -- Three-time Indianapolis 500 winner Dario Franchitti was injured in a serious crash that also left 13 spectators hurt during Sunday 's Grand Prix of Houston , authorities reported . The wreck occurred in the last lap of the race , when Japanese driver Takuma Sato bumped Franchitti 's car , sending it airborne into the protective fencing . The car spun multiple times against the fence , sending shards of debris flying toward the grandstands and shearing off part of its side . Read more from Bleacher Report Three spectators were sent to a local hospital , where they were listed in good condition Sunday night . The rest were treated at the scene , according to Senior Capt. Ruy Lozano of the Houston Fire Department . My way or the highway : Niki Lauda 's Formula One creed Franchitti , 40 , suffered a concussion in the wreck and fractures to his spine and ankle . The spinal fracture does not require surgery , according to Dr. Michael Olinger , director of medical services for IndyCar . Franchitti will be kept overnight at Memorial Hermann-Texas Medical Center in Houston . Danish driver Simonsen killed in high-speed crash The Scotland native won IndyCar racing 's top prize in 2012 , 2010 and 2007 . He was married to actress Ashley Judd for more than 11 years , but the couple announced in January that they were ending their marriage . Judd tweeted Sunday evening that she was on her way to Houston , thanking fans for their prayers . Another racing crash casts light on fan safety CNN 's Drew Iden contributed to this report .	Franchitti suffers concussion , fractures to spine and ankle in the wreck Franchitti 's car bumped , careens into fencing at Houston Grand Prix The crash hurt 13 spectators , 3 of whom were taken to a hospital The three-time Indy 500 winner and wife Ashley Judd announced divorce in January
A Christian woman sentenced to death for blasphemy in Pakistan plans to take her case to the country 's highest court after a high court last week rejected her appeal , her attorney says . Asia Bibi , a mother of five from Punjab province , was accused of defiling the name of the Prophet Mohammed during a 2009 argument with Muslim fellow field workers . The workers had refused to drink from a bucket of water she had touched because she was not Muslim . In November 2010 , a Pakistani district court found Bibi guilty of blasphemy . The offense is punishable by death or life imprisonment , according to Pakistan 's penal code , and Bibi was sentenced to hang . On October 16 , the Lahore High Court upheld the verdict . Human Rights Watch described the court 's decision as a "  disgrace to Pakistan 's judiciary . " "  Asia Bibi 's case is an example of how Pakistan 's vaguely worded blasphemy law has led to discrimination , persecution and murder since its imposition almost three decades ago , " spokesman Phelim Kine told CNN . Bibi 's attorney , Naeem Shakir , told CNN on Monday that he would file an appeal once he had received a detailed copy of the judgment . "  I have a very strong case , I am sure the Supreme Court will provide us with relief . There is no concrete evidence against Asia Bibi , and the courts are only relying on the statement on those two women , " Shakir said . Blasphemy allegations At a 2010 media conference , Bibi said the allegations against her were lies fabricated by a group of women who did n't like her . "  We had some differences , and this was their way of taking revenge , " she said . An investigation by Shahbaz Bhatti , who was then Pakistan 's minister for minority affairs , also found the charges stemmed from religious and personal enmity , and he recommended Bibi 's release . Bhatti was the only Christian member of the Cabinet in Pakistan , where 95 % of people are Muslim , and had opposed the blasphemy law . In 2011 , he was assassinated in Islamabad . The Pakistan Taliban claimed responsibility , saying the killing was "  a message to all of those who are against Pakistan 's blasphemy laws . " Two months earlier , the governor of Punjab province , Salman Taseer , had been shot dead by his security guard because he , too , had supported Bibi and spoken out against the law . Court reaction Speaking Monday after last week 's verdict , Shakir admitted also feeling that his life was in danger . "  I do feel threatened . Even in the court , there were some two dozen people who were against Asia Bibi . I have not received any threats literally , but the presence of people there makes the environment very hostile toward us , " he told CNN . Those calling for Bibi 's execution welcomed the court 's ruling , Shakir said : "  Some of them were so overjoyed and happy that they started crying in delight on hearing the decision of the court . " Qari Saleem , one of the clerics pursuing the case , told CNN via phone that Bibi deserved the punishment . "  I am very happy at the decision of the court , and justice has been done , " Saleem said , adding that sweets had been distributed in court after the ruling "  out of joy and happiness . " Human rights groups ' reaction Initial news of Bibi 's death sentence sparked outrage among international human rights groups , which condemned Pakistan 's blasphemy law as a source of violence and persecution against religious minorities . Human Rights Watch 's Kine said the law largely targeted religious minorities and was "  all too often manipulated to seek personal disputes . " "  Pakistan 's Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif should use the power granted to him under Pakistan 's Constitution to end Asia Bibi 's nightmare of years of imprisonment and the threat of a death sentence by pardoning her and repealing or reforming the country 's blasphemy law to prevent such tragic mockeries of justice from occurring in  the  future , " he said . Amnesty International last week described the decision as "  a grave injustice . " "  Asia Bibi should never have been convicted in the first place -- still less sentenced to death -- and the fact that she could pay with her life for an argument is sickening , " an Amnesty spokesman said . In 2010 , Pope Benedict XVI called for Bibi to be released , and in 2012 , activists presented a petition to the U.N. Human Rights Council calling on Pakistan to free her . Bibi wrote about her ordeal in a 2012 book called "  Get Me Out of Here . " It includes a letter she wrote to her family urging them to have faith in God . "  My children , " she wrote , "  do n't lose courage or faith in Jesus Christ . "	Human Rights Watch describes latest ruling as a "  disgrace to Pakistan 's judiciary " In 2010 , a Pakistani court sentenced Christian woman Asia Bibi to death for blasphemy On October 16 , the Lahore High Court upheld the verdict after hearing her appeal Bibi 's attorney says he plans to appeal to Pakistan 's Supreme Court , the highest court
The Supreme Court continued its recent hands-off approach on gun control , refusing on Monday to accept a challenge to New Jersey 's restrictions on carrying weapons in public . The justices without comment let stand a state law that anyone who wants to possess a handgun outside the home for self defense first prove a "  justifiable need " for doing so . Four gun owners in the state , backed by 19 states and several advocacy groups , argued the measure violated their Second Amendment rights . The law mandates that local police and a judge first approve such gun permits . The court has in the past year rejected similar challenges in Texas , Maryland , and New York . But all states allow at least some limited ability to carry a concealed weapon in public , often requiring "  good cause " by an individual before a permit is issued . Vermont , Arizona , Alaska , and Wyoming do not require any permit for a concealed weapon . There are as many as 275 million guns in the United States , the Justice Department estimates . Handguns were used in three quarters of the more than 10,000 homicides involving firearms in 2005 . The current debate follows the Supreme Court 's landmark 2008 ruling that affirmed an individual 's right to own a gun for the first time . But that divided ruling , which struck down restrictions in Washington , D.C. , confined the analysis to the home . The justices left in place other gun laws , including those "  forbidding the carrying of firearms in sensitive places such as schools . " Efforts by various groups to expand the right to the streets have mostly failed . But a federal appeals court earlier this year ruled San Diego County 's limits on those seeking a concealed carry permit was unconstitutional . That could lead to a high court examination of the issue in coming months . Efforts to craft compromise gun-control legislation have stalled in Congress despite the Newtown , Connecticut , school massacre in 2012 and a string of mass shootings since . The emphasis has shifted to the states where gun-rights advocates have made legislative gains . The New Jersey case is Drake v. Jerejian  13-827  .	The Supreme Court let stand law requiring proof that a gun needs to be carried in public Four gun owners appealed , saying the New Jersey law violated their rights There are as many as 275 million guns in the United States , according to the Justice Department
CNN  A woman who accused college football star Jameis Winston of raping her in 2012 filed suit Wednesday against Florida State University , alleging the school violated her rights under Title IX . The woman , under the name Jane Doe , alleges the school "  in concert with Tallahassee Police , took steps to ensure that Winston 's rape of plaintiff would not be investigated either by the university or law enforcement . " FSU also failed to adequately respond when she became the target of harassment and hostility , she says . "  FSU 's responses to the harassment were clearly unreasonable , " says the suit , which does n't specify damages the woman is seeking from the school 's board of trustees . Florida State President John Thrasher said in a written statement that the university never shirked its responsibilities . He called the lawsuit without merit . "  In all , the university asked the plaintiff or her attorneys at least nine times over nearly 20 months to give a statement that would enable a Title IX investigation , " he said . "  FSU 's handling of this matter was driven by the plaintiff 's deliberate and informed choice on how to proceed , not by athletics . " Winston , the 2013 Heisman Trophy winner as the best collegiate football player that season , was not arrested after a criminal investigation by Tallahassee Police and a state prosecutor . He was also cleared during an FSU hearing last month into whether he violated the student conduct code . The case began in December 2012 when the woman , then a student at the Tallahassee university , reported she had been sexually assaulted . A month later she accused Winston , whom she recognized in one of her classes , of rape . Winston has said the sex was consensual . Winston is n't named as a defendant in the latest legal maneuver . On Wednesday , he announced he will leave the FSU football team early and make himself available for the NFL draft , where he is expected to be a top pick . Bleacher Report predicted Winston will be the second selection overall . The woman still has the option to file a civil suit against Winston . In her suit against the university , she alleges that for 11 months the school did "  nothing to investigate the plaintiff report of rape while the FSU Athletics Department continued to keep the incident a secret . " The court document says the school talked to Winston about the allegation for the first time after Florida State won the national championship game in January 2014 . It says : "  Winston refused to answer any questions and FSU again let the matter drop . " Title IX requires schools to investigate allegations of sexual assault , even if criminal charges are not filed . FSU said in October that Winston informed the athletics department of the allegation after he was contacted by a Tallahassee Police detective a month after the incident . The university said the athletics department did not initially file a report with the school 's Title IX administrator because no charges were filed and because other players who were with Winston said there was no sexual assault . It also said in a letter to the FSU community that since the incident happened in an off-campus apartment , the Tallahassee Police had jurisdiction . "  The university takes sexual assault very seriously . The university is also cooperating fully with the U.S. Department of Education investigation into this matter , " FSU said in its letter . The woman asks in her suit for a trial by jury .	Winston says the sex was consensual ; woman says she was raped She claims university tried to stifle any investigation into football player 's actions FSU President says school fulfilled its obligations and tried to help the woman
Khartoum , Sudan  CNN  -- Many southerners are voting for an independent Sudan this week , thirsting for freedom from the north . They equate sharia or Islamic law that President Omar al-Bashir has vowed to strengthen with slavery . Al-Bashir has declared that if Southern Sudan votes in favor of separation , sharia will become the main source of Sudan 's Constitution , Islam the state religion and Arabic the official language . Many in the north are embracing al-Bashir 's pledge . Newspaper publisher Al-Tayib Mustafa said he will be happy to see his nation break in two . Islam , he said , comes above all else . "  When the south goes , then the north will be Muslim , " he said . "  For a Muslim , unity is not as important as religion . Sharia is religion . Sharia is Islam . " But there are other faces of Islam in Sudan , including a Sufi community , and Mustafa 's position is hardly shared by all Sudanese . Some in the north consider themselves Arabs , others Africans . They speak a dozen different languages , and while a majority of people are Muslims , a significant number are Christians or practice traditional religions . Sharia already is the law of the land in northern Sudan , but Sudanese authorities have relaxed its enforcement since 2005 when a peace treaty ended more than 20 years of civil war . The war pitted a northern government of Arab Muslims against blacks in Southern Sudan who practice Christianity and animist religions . It killed 2 million people and displaced several million others , mainly from Southern Sudan . The president 's comments have stirred fear that the government will implement sharia for the hundreds of thousands of southerners and other non-Muslims in northern Sudan , including many who fled fighting , disease and famine in the south . Even many Muslims find the imposition of Islamic law troubling , and it 's even more disturbing for the small and ancient Christian community in the north . "  We as Christians , we feel that Christianity is a Sudanese religion and should be respected , " said Bishop Ezekiel Kondo , who oversees Khartoum 's Episcopal Church and chairs the Sudan Council of Churches . Al-Bashir 's vow to strengthen Islamic law came as a shock to Kondo . "  As a church we are not happy with what he said , and we feel as the president -- he is the president for everyone in the country -- he knows very well that there are other religious communities . " But Mohammed Othman Salih , secretary-general of the Sudanese Muslim Clerics Council , brushed aside such concerns . "  The Islamic sharia guarantees the rights of non-Muslims better than secular laws , " he said . "  Why ? Because it 's an issue of a religious duty , and they are human rights sanctified by God almighty . "	Sudan 's president has pledged to strengthen sharia , or Islamic law Many southerners equate sharia with slavery Northern Sudan is diverse , though sharia enjoys support
CNN  -- With Libyan rebels on the brink of toppling Moammar Gadhafi 's 42-year rule , leaders from around the world weighed in as the battle with regime forces intensified in the capital . Here are a few of the reactions : . CHINA . Ma Zhaoxu , Foreign Ministry spokesman : "  We 've noticed the development in Libya . China respects the choice of Libya people . China hopes the situation in Libya gets stabilized as soon as possible and people can live a normal life there . China is willing to cooperate with the international society to play a positive role in the future reconstruction of Libya . " . EUROPEAN UNION . Catherine Ashton , high representative of the EU for foreign affairs : "  We are witnessing the last moments of the Gadhafi regime . I call on Gadhafi to step down without further delay and avoid further bloodshed . I call on the National Transitional Council and opposition forces to ensure the protection of civilians , to fully respect international human rights and humanitarian law and to act with responsibility in the interests of maintaining peace and stability throughout the country . " . Jose Manuel Barroso and Herman Van Rompuy , European Commission and European Union presidents , respectively : "  The quest for freedom by the people of Libya is coming to a historic moment . The relentless efforts of the forces of the new Libya , supported militarily by NATO and several EU member states , and countries from the region are bringing the Gadhafi regime to its end . We urge Colonel Gadhafi to accept the will of the people , step down immediately , and avoid further bloodshed and sufferance . " . FRANCE . Nicolas Sarkozy , president : "  Whereas there is no longer any doubt  that Gadhafi will have to go  , the president of the republic urges Colonel Gadhafi to avoid inflicting new futile sufferings on his people in abandoning what is left of his power and in immediately calling on his forces , who are still loyal to him , to a cease-fire , to drop their weapons , to go back to their barracks and to put at its disposal legitimate Libyan authorities . " . ITALY Franco Frattini , foreign minister : "  Time is up . There are no alternatives to his  Gadhafi 's  surrender . If Gadhafi keeps calling for a civil war , he will be considered the only one responsible for the bloodbath , " Frattini said in an interview with Italian news channel Sky Tg24 . . NATO . Anders Fogh Rasmussen , secretary-general : "  The Libyan people have suffered tremendously under Gadhafi 's rule for over four decades . Now they have a chance for a new beginning . Now is the time for all threats against civilians to stop , as the United Nations Security Council demanded . Now is the time to create a new Libya -- a state based on freedom , not fear ; democracy , not dictatorship ; the will of the many , not the whims of a few . . RUSSIA . Russian Foreign Ministry : "  The latest dramatic development of the Libyan conflict apparently shows that the power in this country will be handed over to the rebel forces very soon . We hope that this will put an end to the protracted intra-Libyan bloodshed , which brought so many woes and so much suffering to this country 's population and caused serious damage to the national economy , " the ministry said in a statement . . SOUTH AFRICA . Clayson Monyela , spokesman , Department of International Relations : "  With the imminent fall of the government of Colonel Gadhafi , we wish to urge the interim authority in Tripoli to immediately institute an all-inclusive inter-Libyan political dialogue aimed at building a truly representative and people-centred dispensation . " The spokesman refuted "  rumors and claims that it has sent planes to Libya " to fly Gadhafi and his family out , saying "  we have steadfastly maintained that the future of Libya should be decided by the Libyans themselves . " . TURKEY . Ahmet Davutoglu , foreign minister : "  Today is a historical day for Libya . ... Leaders of other countries should also be aware that they 'll stay in power as long as they respond to demands of the people . " . UNITED KINGDOM . David Cameron , prime minister : "  It is clear from the scenes we are witnessing in Tripoli that the end is near for Gadhafi . He has committed appalling crimes against the people of Libya and he must go now to avoid any further suffering for his own people . " Cameron said Monday that Britain will "  soon release " frozen Libyan assets to help support the rebel government . "  At the U.N. , we will ... be taking early action in the Security Council to give the new Libyan authorities the legal , diplomatic , political and financial support they need , " Cameron said . "  We will soon be able to release the frozen assets that belong to the Libyan people . " Nick Clegg , deputy prime minister : "  The UK will stay the course in Libya -- protecting the Libyan people and putting them in charge of their own fate ... It is now clear that the Libyan people will only be safe once Gadhafi has left power . Recent events suggest that day is closer than ever . . Ed Miliband , leader of the Labour Party : "  The situation in Libya remains fraught and fragile , but what is clear is that the regime of Colonel Gadhafi is crumbling . This is to be welcomed by all those who believe dictatorship , brutality and threats against civilians should not be allowed to stand . " . UNITED STATES . Barack Obama , president : "  Tonight , the momentum against the Gadhafi regime has reached a tipping point . Tripoli is slipping from the grasp of a tyrant . The Gadhafi regime is showing signs of collapsing . The people of Libya are showing that the universal pursuit of dignity and freedom is far stronger than the iron fist of a dictator . " . VENEZUELA . Hugo Chavez , president : "  Today we are seeing images of how the democratic European governments are practically demolishing Tripoli with their bombs and the supposedly democratic government of the United States , because they feel like it . Today they dropped I do n't know how many bombs and they are dropping them indiscriminately and openly . "	As rebels enter the Libyan capital of Tripoli world leaders call for Gadhafi to step down Obama : "  Tonight , the momentum against the Gadhafi regime has reached a tipping point " French president Nicolas Sarkozy appealed for Gadhafi to "  abandon what is left of his power "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki confirmed Tuesday that the Obama administration is considering a controversial plan to make veterans pay for treatment of service-related injuries with private insurance . Lawmakers say they 'd reject a proposal to make veterans pay for treatment of war wounds with private insurance . But the proposal would be "  dead on arrival " if it 's sent to Congress , Sen. Patty Murray , D-Washington , said . Murray used that blunt terminology when she told Shinseki that the idea would not be acceptable and would be rejected if formally proposed . Her remarks came during a hearing before the Senate Committee on Veterans Affairs about the 2010 budget . No official proposal to create such a program has been announced publicly , but veterans groups wrote a pre-emptive letter last week to President Obama voicing their opposition to the idea after hearing the plan was under consideration . The groups also cited an increase in "  third-party collections " estimated in the 2010 budget proposal -- something they said could be achieved only if the Veterans Administration started billing for service-related injuries . Asked about the proposal , Shinseki said it was under "  consideration . " "  A final decision has n't been made yet , " he said . Currently , veterans ' private insurance is charged only when they receive health care from the VA for medical issues that are not related to service injuries , like getting the flu . Charging for service-related injuries would violate "  a sacred trust , " Veterans of Foreign Wars spokesman Joe Davis said . Davis said the move would risk private health care for veterans and their families by potentially maxing out benefits paying for costly war injury treatments . A second senator , North Carolina Republican Richard Burr , said he agreed that the idea should not go forward . "  I think you will give that up " as a revenue stream if it is included in this April 's budget , Burr said . Murray said she 'd already discussed her concerns with the secretary the previous week . "  I believe that veterans with service-connected injuries have already paid by putting their lives on the line , " Murray said in her remarks . "  I do n't think we should nickel and dime them for their care . " Eleven of the most prominent veterans organizations have been lobbying Congress to oppose the idea . In the letter sent last week to the president , the groups warned that the idea "  is wholly unacceptable and a total abrogation of our government 's moral and legal responsibility to the men and women who have sacrificed so much . " The groups included The American Legion , Disabled American Veterans , Military Order of the Purple Heart , Veterans of Foreign Wars of the United States , and Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America . At the time , a White House spokesman would neither confirm nor deny the option was being considered .	Obama team considering plan in which vets would use private insurance for wounds No official proposal to create such a program has been announced publicly Veterans organizations have been lobbying Congress to oppose the idea Lawmakers say plan would be rejected if it goes to Congress
CNN  -- EasyJet 's no-frills aircraft seem an unlikely choice for cabin connoisseurs , but the airline says its customers do have preferences . After polling 10,000 passengers from across Europe and analyzing its own sales data , the UK-based airline claims to have identified the continent 's favorite seat : 7F . EasyJet says nationality , age and travel companion all influence the cabin position of choice , but clear trends emerge , with one seen as the most highly desired . It says window seats are generally the most coveted , with 59 % preferring to gawp out of a lightly frosted lozenge of perspex than confront the reality of flying super economy . EasyJet says seventh row seats on its short haul routes are typically offered at rock-bottom rates of just a few dollars , hence their popularity . "  Sales also reveal the right-hand side of the plane is more popular than the left and rows 6-7 sell out fastest , " it says in a statement . End of the undignified scramble The most unpopular seat is identified as 19C . Other stats offer insight into national preferences . Portuguese passengers apparently covet the window the most , while Dutch and Germans are more tolerant of aisle seating . Nervous fliers also prefer the window , while older passengers are more likely to choose the aisle . "  The window versus aisle debate is one of the most frequently overheard conversations while flying , " says Peter Duffy , group commercial director for EasyJet . EasyJet notably introduced selective seating for all passengers only two years ago . Prior to 2012 , non-premium paying customers faced an undignified scramble to find somewhere to park themselves . The survey is n't the first attempt to crunch the numbers on the perfect place to savor the joys of pressurized air and over-stewed dinners . A 2012 study of passengers on 40-row Boeing 757 by Skyscanner said 6A beat the rest , probably because it offered easier disembarking and was away from the toilets . Opinion : How cool is the airplane of the future ? See-through cabins and passenger pods : Is this the future of flight ? Do you have a favorite cabin seat ? Let us know below .	Budget airline EasyJet says it 's identified Europe 's favorite passenger aircraft seat Carrier says 7F is most popular , being in typically cheap row and closest to right-hand window The airline introduced selective seating for all customers only in 2012
New York  CNN  -- Police say human remains found on a New York beach are not those of a missing woman whose search led authorities to the discovery of four dead prostitutes . "  The remains found off Ocean Parkway , west of Cedar Beach , on March 29 have been determined to not be those of Shannan Gilbert , " Suffolk County police said in a statement Thursday . It is not clear to whom the remains belong . Gilbert , 24 , of Jersey City , New Jersey , was last seen alive on May 1 . As authorities searched for clues about her disappearance last year , they uncovered the bodies of four women in various stages of decomposition . The bodies were stuffed into bushes along an isolated strip of waterfront property on Long Island , New York . Police say they are "  continuing the investigation of the remains found on March 29 as well as the investigation of the deaths of four women found off Ocean Parkway in December 2010 . " The four bodies were discovered on a quarter-mile stretch of Oak Beach , "  which indicates they were dumped there by the same person or persons , " Suffolk County Police Commissioner Richard Dormer said in December . "  It 's too coincidental that there were four bodies in the same location . " He said police could be dealing with a serial killer . The remains of the fifth body were found about a mile from where the other corpses were discovered , Dormer said . "  There may be clues available now with this body that will help the homicide investigation and will help it move forward , " he added . The four bodies have since been identified as Maureen Brainard-Barnes , 25 , of Norwich , Connecticut ; Melissa Barthelemy , 24 , of Erie County , New York ; Amber Lynn Costello , 27 , of North Babylon , New York ; and Megan Waterman , 22 , of Scarborough , Maine . All four of the women advertised for prostitution services on the Craigslist website , police said . At least one body could have been there for as long as two years , Dormer added .	Shannan Gilbert , 24 , of Jersey City , New Jersey , was last seen alive on May 1 It is not clear to whom the remains belong Discovery of the remains last year led authorities to other bodies Police say they could be dealing with a serial killer
New York  CNN  -- John Orozco won his first medal in gymnastics when he was 9 . But he did n't hold onto that medal for long , giving it to another boy in the competition who was in tears after being teased for a bad performance . "  He walked over to the kid that they were making fun of , and he said , ` Here you go , ' and he took his medal off and put it around the kid and said , ` One day you 'll be better than I am . Do n't cry , ' " says his mother , Damaris Orozco , who still gets choked up recalling that gesture . "  That 's John . That 's what he does . It 's who he is . " That same Puerto Rican boy from the Bronx is now 19 and has made it all the way to the London Olympics . His heart is set on winning a gold medal -- this one for his country . He may be the best hope for a U.S. gold medal in gymnastics in 2012 . Damaris Orozco says that she and her husband , William , are thrilled but not surprised their son made the Olympic team . "  When that little boy told us when he was 10 years old , ' I want to go to 2012 , ' we believed him . " John Orozco started down the path to the Olympics when he was 7 . His father , who was a sanitation worker , saw a flier offering free gymnastics classes and signed him up . Orozco has never looked back . "  The minute I stepped foot in the gym I just loved it . I knew it was what I wanted to do for a long time , " Orozco says . His Olympic dream was inspired by the Hamm brothers at the 2004 Olympics . By the time he was 14 , he was fully committed to getting to the Games . "  I said I really want to have that one day -- to put the gold medal around my neck , waving to the crowd , knowing that all my hard work has paid off and my dream has come true , " he said . Gymnastics was n't a popular pursuit for a kid from the Bronx , and he has n't forgotten the ridicule from schoolmates teasing him for "  leaping around in ladies ' tights . " "  They just did n't understand everything that went into gymnastics . All the work , all the hours , all the blood , sweat and tears . " Besides , he jokes , "  Look at me . I 'm 5-foot-5 , 5-foot-4 . Can you imagine me being a basketball player ? " To get the level of coaching her son required , his mother drove him to and from a gym in Chappaqua , New York , an hour away , often twice a day . By 9 , he was training four hours daily five and often six days a week . "  When he needed it , we 'd give him a day off , but he usually did n't want to take a day off , " his former coach Carl Schrade says . Schrade often trained Orozco for free since there was n't money to pay for coaching . "  With a gymnast like that , you do n't think twice about it , " Schrade says . Schrade started having big dreams for Orozco by the time the boy was 10 . It 's rare to find the perfect balance of strength and grace in a boy , Schrade says , but on top of all that , you need discipline and drive , and he says Orozco had both . "  People ask me if he 's a once in a lifetime gymnast , and I joke around and say he 's a once in a hundred lifetimes gymnast , " Schrade says . Vitaly Marinitch , his coach at the U.S. Olympic Training Center in Colorado where he has been training for more than a year , says Orozco 's combination of talent , "  cat-like " moves and hard work make him a contender for a medal in London . "  We 're aiming for gold . We 'll see what happens , " Marinitch says . Orozco says he 's feeling no pressure as he faces the biggest athletic stage of his life . "  I kind of feel like there 's more pressure at the Olympic trials to make the team , and now it 's kind of like , it 's a sigh of relief . Now I can just go and do my gymnastics and have fun , " he says . To his mother , he 's already won the gold . "  The person that he is , the heart that he has , the dreams that he has , he 's a gold winner already so anything on top of that is just gravy , " she says .	Gymnastics was n't a popular pursuit for a kid from the Bronx Classmates teased John Orozco for "  leaping around in ladies ' tights " At 10 , he told his parents he wanted to be in the 2012 Olympics Orozco may be the best hope for a U.S. gold medal in gymnastics
Perugia , Italy  CNN  -- A defense lawyer for Amanda Knox made an impassioned plea to the jury Wednesday as the high-profile case neared its conclusion . Knox is the American student accused of killing her British roommate , Meredith Kercher , at the villa they shared in Italy . "  We suffer at the memory of Meredith . But we look at the future of Amanda , " Luciano Ghirga said in his defense summation . "  Meredith was my friend , " he quoted Knox as saying , rejecting the notion that she hated her roommate , who was fatally stabbed in November 2007 . Prosecutors say Kercher died during a twisted sex game in which Knox taunted Kercher , and two men -- Knox 's then-boyfriend Raffaele Sollecito , 26 , and acquaintance Rudy Guede -- sexually assaulted her . The prosecution says a knife found in Sollecito 's house had Knox 's DNA on the handle and Kercher 's on the blade , among other pieces of evidence . But Ghirga rejected the accusations against Knox on Wednesday . He attacked the way police and prosecutors had treated the defendant , giving them a symbolic "  red card " -- a referee 's sign in soccer that a player is being expelled from the game for breaking the rules . Ghirga concluded an emotional oration -- sobbing as he came to the end -- by asking the judge and jury to acquit Knox , because her mother asked him to request it , because her family asked it . Knox 's father , Curt , said Wednesday she had been a victim of "  character assassination , " and expressed hope she would be found not guilty . Members of Kercher 's family have declined repeated CNN requests for comment on the case . But prosecutor Giuliano Mignini accused the defense of "  lynching " the Italian police who worked on the case . He defended the work of the police and the credibility of the prosecution witnesses as he responded to Ghirga 's arguments Wednesday . And he called again for life sentences for Knox and Sollecito if they are found guilty . Italy does not have the death penalty . The jury is expected to begin deliberations on Friday , after the prosecution completes its summary . Another Knox attorney on Tuesday said the prosecution 's theory does n't fit the facts of the case and there is not sufficient evidence to find her guilty . Calling Knox a victim herself , Carlo della Vedova said the police had rushed to judgment following the murder , leaving Knox to fend off a myriad of false media reports regarding the crime . The lawyer showed photos published in the media , purportedly showing the crime scene , that were n't authentic -- including a photo of the bathroom -- and said false allegations and rumors about Knox 's character created a bias from the start . Della Vedova also questioned the change in what prosecutor Mignini said was the motive for the murder . In preliminary hearings , Mignini argued Knox , Sollecito and Guede slashed Kercher 's throat during a sexual misadventure as the two men vied for Knox 's attention . In recent days , Mignini has focused more on what he says was a hatred between the two roommates . Defense lawyers have staunchly disagreed , claiming the two women were friends . Ghirga on Wednesday said the two had gone to a chocolate festival together days before Kercher was killed . The defense has argued that Guede , who was convicted in a separate fast-track trial and is currently appealing his conviction , was the sole killer . The defense has said there is no evidence tying the three suspects together or proving they planned Kercher 's murder . Della Vedova also focused during closing arguments on the lack of evidence tying Knox to the crime scene . As defense lawyers have throughout the entire trial , he cast doubt on DNA evidence that prosecutors claim shows Knox 's DNA on the handle of the alleged murder weapon . The defense has said the knife does n't match Kercher 's wounds or an imprint of the knife left on a bedsheet , and the DNA sample is too small to be conclusive . During the first day of closing arguments for Knox 's lawyers , della Vedova stressed to the eight-member jury that they should also keep church law in mind as they decide whether to find Knox and Sollecito guilty or not guilty . He told the jury they needed to be "  morally certain of their decision . " "  If you have the minimum of doubts , you must absolve this young girl -- a girl that is merely 22 years old , " he said . Knox and Sollecito , who both deny any role in the murder , have been jailed for more than two years since they were arrested on charges of murder and sexual violence . Their trial began in January . CNN 's Mallory Simon contributed to this report .	NEW : Prosecutor accuses defense of "  lynching " police who worked on case Defense lawyer for Amanda Knox becomes emotional during Wednesday 's closing argument Luciano Ghirga sobs as he tells the jury Knox is innocent and has been mistreated Knox , an American student , is accused of murdering her British roommate in Italy
CNN  -- Alongside his quest to add more Olympic medals to his collection of 16 , swimmer Michael Phelps has taken some time outside of the water to dive into his first video game . The 14-time gold medalist has partnered with publisher 505 Games and developer Blitz Games to create the world 's first swimming game for Xbox 360 's Kinect system . "  Michael Phelps : Push the Limit " is played without any controllers , allowing players to move their bodies to replicate swimming styles like backstroke , butterfly and breaststroke and virtually swim in competitions around the world . Phelps , who instructs players in the game on how to improve their swimming , also provided voice work and his motion-capture likeness for the game . He worked with the development team throughout the creative process . A life-long gamer , the Baltimore , Maryland , native is focused on training for the London 2012 Olympic Games . But he 's also using technology , including the new video game , to help generate awareness for his sport outside of the global spotlight every four years . In this interview for CNN , Phelps talks about gaming , Twitter , and why he 's addicted to the mobile game "  Words with Friends . " How often do you play video games ? I probably play two or three days a week . It 's mostly just sports games like "  FIFA " , "  Tiger Woods " , "  Madden " and "  NCAA Football . " I 've always loved the sporting games . Every now and then we 'll play "  Halo " online , but I just get destroyed every time and it 's not really that fun . What was it like for you to get involved in your own video game ? It was weird . I still look at the game cover and I 'm like , "  Wow . " But it 's kind of cool . Growing up a gamer and being able to work on the little things in this game like the different venues and those types of details has been a dream come true . The opportunities that I 've had to take the sport to a new level and change it and do things that people have n't seen before has been fun . And now having a game on Xbox Kinect , it 's not every day a swimmer has that . It 's just exciting and hopefully everybody out there can enjoy it as much as I have enjoyed the creative process of building it and playing it and making it and being a part of everything . When it comes to the motion controls of the Kinect , what did that open up for swimming ? Past  swimming  games have just been about hitting the A and B buttons quickly . Kinect allowed us to get gamers up and actually go through the motions to feel like you are swimming . It 's cool for me because this game might help people not only get into the sport more , but to also get up and be active . That 's something that 's very important for not only kids , but everybody out there . How much of a workout can players get from this game ? It actually is hard even for me . I did have a challenging time playing it , but once you get in the groove it 's not too bad . It is fairly realistic though , and that 's one of the things I really wanted to have in this game . It 's going to be interesting to see how people like it . I 've been getting people sending me messages on Twitter constantly about it . It is a way to get off the couch and get active instead of sitting there with the controller and just tapping buttons . It 's much more interactive than regular games are . Can people learn about swimming from playing the game ? Yeah , I 'm sure . The better form you have , the faster you 're going to go . It 's extremely realistic . I found a lot of people were afraid to put their face under the water . So if they actually feel comfortable being able to just swim the strokes , maybe they 'll feel comfortable when they get in the water . There are a lot of things that could happen and hopefully we can get more people in the pool and around the pool . What 's your favorite piece of technology that you ca n't live without ? I 'm always on my phone . I 'm always on Twitter . I 'm constantly on my BlackBerry and iPhone . I think the apps and everything on iPhones are just unbelievable . Do you have a favorite app that you play around with ? I have not been able to stop playing "  Words with Friends . " Ever since I got it , I 've been playing it constantly . I ca n't even invite any more people to play because I 'm at the max amount of games you can have . I have 30 games going at once . I 'm literally on it non-stop . I took the train up yesterday and that 's all I was doing . I had my headphones on and I was playing "  Words with Friends . " So it kills time . It 's fun , and it 's competitive . What are your thoughts about how far games have come on smartphones ? It 's unbelievable . You can do anything from your phone . I never thought that I would switch from BlackBerry to the iPhone , but gradually I 'm taking myself away from the BlackBerry and going to the iPhone and it really is amazing . You can get anything from directions to restaurants to games . You name it . Like the commercial says , there 's an app for that . How does technology allow you to connect with your fans , especially during the off Olympic years ? That 's been one of the cool things . I said I would never get on Twitter . And I stayed away from it until last December and  since then  I literally have n't put it down . It 's a cool way to connect with people all over the world . There have been fans from China and Brazil and everywhere who are constantly tweeting at me or asking things . People ask me about the video game or about how I 'm training . It 's been fun to keep everybody in the loop of what 's going on . What are you looking forward to with the next Olympics ? I think the biggest thing is just trying to prepare myself the best way I can . Over the years I probably have n't been in the best shape , but I 'm in better shape now than I was in '09 or '10 and this past summer . Hopefully in the next ten months I can get in even better shape and just try and accomplish the goals that I have . I have a lot of goals that I want to accomplish in and out of the water before I retire . If I 'm able to do that , then I can look back on my career and say it 's been a success . Can you share any of the goals ? My coach and I are the only two that know . Throughout my career I 've always sort of kept them between him and I , and we 're the only two that are really going to be able to help each other get to the goals that we have . We work well together . We 're more relaxed now than we ever have been and we 're having fun , so who knows what can happen ? The sky is the limit . We have a lot to do and the Olympics will be here before we know it .	"  Michael Phelps : Push the Limit " is the first swimming game designed for Kinect Game will allow players to replicate styles like backstroke , butterfly and breaststroke "  Kinect allowed us to get gamers ... to feel like you are swimming , " says Phelps
CNN  -- No charges will be filed against San Francisco 49ers wide receiver Michael Crabtree , who was investigated over an alleged sexual assault , officials said . San Francisco police completed a thorough investigation , District Attorney George Gascon said in a statement issued Friday . "  Following a review of all the evidence , my office has determined that no charges will be filed against Michael Crabtree at this time , " Gascon said . The San Francisco Police Department released a statement on January 18 saying it was investigating "  an allegation of a sexual assault involving San Francisco 49ers Michael Crabtree . " The complaint was about an alleged assault that occurred in a San Francisco hotel on January 13 , police said , but the statement offered no further details . A day before , the 49ers had scored a playoff victory , beating the Green Bay Packers . Police on January 18 said Crabtree was interviewed with his lawyer present and he cooperated . The athlete was not detained or arrested . After the district attorney announced there would be no charges , 49ers General Manager Trent Baalke said the team was pleased with Gascon 's decision . "  Michael and the team can now put this behind us and move forward , " Baalke said . The 49ers will play the Baltimore Ravens at Super Bowl XLVII on February 3 . CNN 's Elwyn Lopez and Amanda Watts contributed to this report .	Police investigated allegations of sexual assault The San Francisco district attorney decides not to file charges 49ers said Crabtree , team can now "  move forward " Wide receiver was not detained or arrested , police said
San Francisco  CNN  -- Six weeks after announcing an indefinite medical leave , Apple CEO Steve Jobs surprised a lot of people when he took the stage Wednesday to unveil his company 's next-generation iPad . The audience at Apple 's event gave him a standing ovation and tech bloggers immediately and breathlessly tweeted out the news . "  That he came out on stage will go down in history as a big deal , " said John Jackson , a CCS Insight analyst . "  It 's a significant gesture . " Jobs was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer in 2003 . He had a liver transplant in 2009 . On January 17 , he took his second leave from the company in the past two years . Speculation about Jobs ' health had increased in recent weeks , with tabloids weighing in with unsubstantiated reports . Some of those rumors were tempered when Jobs was photographed in February attending a private dinner with President Barack Obama and other Silicon Valley elite . Still , many observers had expected another Apple exec , possibly COO Tim Cook or marketing chief Phil Schiller , to fill in for him Wednesday . But there was Jobs , looking thin but happy and vigorous . Whatever health concerns prompted his most recent leave did n't seem to affect his flair as an Apple pitchman . "  We 've been working on this product for a long time , and I just did n't want to miss the day , " Jobs said . He smiled often throughout his presentation , paced back and forth on stage and cracked jokes about the white iPhone that Apple has yet to sell . He also characteristically took jabs at competitors such as Google , saying Android tablets lack enough apps . Afterward , Jobs did n't venture out to the demo room , where he sometimes greets reporters and guests who are getting a first look at new products . Apple executives Schiller , Jony Ive and Scott Forstall were there instead . Several observers noted that Jobs added a black belt to his trademark black-mock turtleneck-and-jeans ensemble , which either makes him a ninja or a man wearing loose-fitting pants . The Apple co-founder 's current leave has sparked concern among his cult-like followers and even spooked some investors . A proposal for Apple to outline a succession plan for its executives failed to pass at a shareholders ' meeting at the company 's Cupertino , California , headquarters last week . Jobs did n't attend . But the health of Apple 's chief , who runs the most highly valued tech company in the world , is more important to shareholders than it is to most of its customers , said Sarah Rotman Epps , a Forrester Research analyst focusing on personal computing . "  I do n't think the average person cares what 's going on with Apple 's leader , " she said . Jobs ' appearance threatened to overshadow the iPad 2 launch and may alleviate some criticisms that the tablet computer is n't a major upgrade over the original . He said the similar-looking iPad 2 has "  an all-new design , " among other improvements . All Things D 's Kara Swisher broke the news late Tuesday that Jobs was considering an appearance at the event . "  What would be a welcome change in the coverage of Jobs ' personal struggles would be to show a level of respect to him by paying more attention to what bells and whistles the iPad 2 has rather than to how his jeans are fitting , " she wrote . "  That 's the truly dramatic story to watch here , rather than needlessly rubbernecking about the struggles of one man -- albeit , a very significant man -- to regain his health . " Jobs concluded Wednesday 's presentation with a touch of sentimentality that also graced his January statement in announcing his medical leave . "  As always , I 'd also like to thank everyone 's families because they support us and let us do what we love to do , " he said .	Many observers had expected another Apple exec to fill in for Steve Jobs on Wednesday The surprised audience at Apple 's iPad 2 event gave him a standing ovation Jobs ' current medical leave has sparked concern among his cult-like followers
CNN  -- A Norwegian court concluded Monday that Anders Behring Breivik -- the man charged with killing 77 people last July , an attack he claimed merited a medal of honor -- can legally be kept in custody until his trial starts in April , according to court documents . The court acknowledged that Breivik 's mental health remains an issue , noting that he may not be able to get the maximum possible punishment for the crimes if he 's deemed insane . Even so , the court found legal basis to keep him in custody for the next two months because prosecutors have said that if Breivik is found insane , they will push for him to be confined to a mental health facility , court documents state . Breivik is accused of killing eight people in a bomb attack in Oslo and 69 more in a gun rampage on nearby Utoya Island on July 22 . It was the deadliest attack on Norwegian soil since World War II . The latter victims were among 700 mostly young people attending a Labour Party camp on the island . He has pleaded not guilty , though he has admitted carrying out the attacks , the judge handling his case said previously . In November , prosecutors said psychiatrists had determined Breivik was paranoid and schizophrenic at the time of the attacks and during 13 interviews experts conducted with him afterward . Judge Wenche Elizabeth Arntzen told reporters in January that the court requested a second opinion because of the importance of the question of his sanity to Breivik 's trial . Arizona shooting suspect Loughner to continue receiving treatment Two new psychiatrists were subsequently assigned to carry out the evaluation , court spokesman Geir Engebretsen said . Breivik reiterated some of his extremist views during Monday 's court hearing , which began with him entering with a smile and offering up a raised , clenched-fist salute in solidarity . Confirming accounts posed to him by Norwegian reporters , his lawyer , Geir Lippestad , said Breivik said he did not accept the legitimacy of the presiding judge because he did n't believe in the multicultural Norway that the judicial system is part of . The lawyer 's back-and-forth with reporters was captured by Norwegian media , including national broadcaster NRK . Breivik further claimed the shooting rampage was a matter of self-defense , meant to save Norway from being taken over by multicultural forces and prevent ethnic cleansing of Norwegians , according to Lippestad . Rather than punishment , Breivik said he deserved a medal of honor , a statement that prompted derisive laughs from victims and relatives of those killed on Utoya Island . He also said nobody could believe that he was insane , describing questions about his mental makeup as ridiculous , Lippestad confirmed . Scheduled to begin April 16 , Breivik 's trial is expected to last 10 weeks . Authorities have described him as a right-wing Christian extremist . A 1,500-page manifesto attributed to Breivik posted on the Internet is critical of Muslim immigration and European liberalism , including Norway 's Labour Party . The manifesto predicts that a "  European civil war " will lead to the execution of "  cultural Marxists " and the banishment of Muslims . Prime Minister Jens Stoltenberg said in the aftermath of the attacks that his country had been fundamentally changed , but vowed that Norway would remain "  an open society . " Journalist Olav Mellingsaeter in Oslo contributed to this report .	Anders Behring Breivik will remain in Norwegian custody until April , a court rules The fact he may be confined to a mental health facility is reason to keep him locked up Psychiatrists had deemed Breivik psychotic , though a second opinion was ordered He is accused of killing 77 people in July in a bomb attack and shooting rampage
The University of North Carolina says that three independent experts in the field of adult literacy have finished a university-commissioned review of whistleblower Mary Willingham 's research and found flaws in her claims that some athletes were reading at elementary-school levels . Willingham 's research , described to CNN in January , was based on a sampling of about 180 student-athletes who Willingham personally worked with over an eight-year period . Each had taken a 25-question reading vocabulary test on the Scholastic Abilities Test for Adults  SATA  -- an aptitude test used by many universities to gauge the learning level of incoming students . Without actually naming her , UNC released a summary report that implied she incorrectly deduced that 60 % of the sample were reading below a high school level , and that 8 % were reading below a fourth-grade level . "  Outside experts found no evidence to support public claims about widespread low literacy levels , " UNC said in a statement . UNC also said in its summary that each expert independently found similar things -- that this specific test should n't have been used to determine reading levels and also that , based on the same data Willingham used , a majority of those tested were , in fact , reading at a college level . The individual reports were much more nuanced . For example , Nathan Kuncel , a psychology professor at the University of Minnesota , found that many scored below average . Another expert , Lee Alan Branum-Martin , associate professor of psychology and co-investigator in the Center for the Study of Adult Literacy at Georgia State University , said he was not given enough data to answer many of the questions posed about the reading levels of those tested . But all three , including Dennis Kramer , assistant professor of higher education at the University of Virginia , found that it 's possible Willingham misread the findings and inaccurately assigned a grade level to the scores . All three said the SATA test is not a good measure of determining equivalent reading levels . UNC said these three were chosen "  based on their knowledge of adult literacy , assessment and measurement in education , and multivariate analysis . " When asked why Willingham was n't mentioned in the summary , UNC spokesman Joel Curran told CNN , "  This is not about her . It is about the data and the methodology . " The findings are not much different than what the university preliminarily released just days after CNN 's first report . Willingham and her research were disavowed by the university almost immediately , based on these same claims . On Friday , Willingham said she was "  disappointed " by the report , and said she will take the time to fully review the "  supposedly ` independent ' review of my data . " "  The fact that they engaged in this exercise without ever seeking input from me or my research partner , and without the raw scores , or an examination of the full battery of tests ... speaks volumes about the true motivations behind today 's press release , " she wrote in a statement . "  UNC personnel with the knowledge and expertise to verify my claims continue to remain and/or are being forced to remain silent . " When contacted by CNN , the psychologist who administered the tests to the student-athletes in Willingham 's study said she backs Willingham , and verified that no one at UNC has ever reached out to talk to her about her work . Last month , a Washington whistleblower group wrote a letter to UNC , demanding the university apologize to Willingham and launch an investigation into the way it says she has been publicly smeared , most specifically by Provost Jim Dean . The group said it was possible state whistleblower laws were broken . Since the CNN report aired , UNC has asked for a new investigation into the yearslong "  paper class " scandal , in which student-athletes allegedly were taking classes in which the only requirement was completing a single paper . Attorney Kenneth Wainstein , who had worked at the U.S. Justice Department for 19 years , is reviewing whether it was widely known among staff in athletics that student-athletes were sent to no-show classes where little or no work was required . CNN first reported this week that California Rep. Tony Cardenas is also demanding the NCAA answer questions on why UNC was never sanctioned for having paper classes . Willingham told CNN that the paper classes were widely known and talked about in athletics , where she worked for seven years . She also said the paper classes were used to keep eligible some of the student-athletes who were reading at low levels .	Mary Willingham exposed how UNC enrolls student-athletes reading at low levels UNC review , involving three experts , says there were flaws in her claims Willingham tells CNN she should have been allowed to provide input to review
CNN  -- Sudan 's second most powerful official -- who was the man who signed a 2005 peace deal ending the country 's decades-long civil war -- has resigned , the African nation 's president said Saturday , according to state media . First Vice President Ali Osman Taha is leaving his post as part of a reshuffle of President Omar al-Bashir 's Cabinet , the official Sudan News Agency  SUNA  reported . He is doing so "  voluntarily , " according to al-Bashir . Taha has long been associated with , and been a fervent backer of , al-Bashir . He served as Sudan 's chief negotiator during north-south peace talks in 2004 that culminated with his signing the agreement in Nairobi , Kenya , early the next year . Five years later , following a popular referendum , South Sudan officially became independent from Sudan . In 2008 , Taha stood firmly behind al-Bashir after the International Criminal Court filed genocide charges against the Sudan president for a five-year campaign of violence in Darfur , calling this move an attempt to "  paralyze " his country . Taha was Sudan 's first vice president -- the second highest post in the east African nation -- from 1998 to 2005 , became second vice president between 2005 and 2011 , then returned to the previous position . No detailed explanation was given in the SUNA report as to why Taha was leaving office . Al-Bashir told a crowd in northern Kharthoum that there are no differences or conflicts regarding the formation of a new government , according to SUNA . Dozens died earlier this fall in a spate of anti-government protests following the decision to lift its gas subsidies -- a move that nearly doubled the price of gasoline . The demonstrations also prompted a crackdown on local and international media .	First Vice President Ali Osman Taha resigns , state media reports President Omar al-Bashir said Taha resigned "  voluntarily " Taha signs the historic 2005 peace deal and has stood by al-Bashir
It does n't matter if you 're taking on double black diamond trails , gliding cross country through the woods , or staring at the bunny slope with a sense of doom , you can embrace apres ski life . Much like the 19th hole in golf , apres ski is a chance to reward oneself after a busy day of relaxation . It might involve meeting friends for a beer , it might mean a couples massage at a Swiss-style spa , or it could just be going out for dinner to see what bison tastes like , but it 's definitely a time meant to be enjoyed . With winter approaching quickly  and already here in some areas  , Kayak.com put together the most popular 4 - and 5-star ski destination hotels and resorts in the United States . Whether it 's a spa treatment or a drink by the fire , here 's Kayak 's list of the perfect places to sit back , kick up your feet or plaster cast , and unwind . Rusty Parrot Lodge and Spa  Jackson , Wyoming The Rusty Parrot Lodge 's spa offers a Finnish-style body massage with fresh berry oil serum . If you want to know how a Jackson , Wyoming hotel got such a tropical name , check out the bird at the front desk , then ask owner Ron Harrison for the full story . Rusty Parrot , 175 North Jackson Street , Jackson , Wyoming ; +1 307 733 2000 Rustic Inn at Jackson Hole  Jackson , Wyoming Located on 12 acres adjacent to Wyoming 's Elk National Refuge , the Rustic Inn at Jackson Hole offers an eucalyptus steam room and special spa suites with soaking tubs . Rustic Inn at Jackson Hole , 475 N Cache St , Jackson , Wyoming ; +1 800-323-9279 White Buffalo Club  Jackson , Wyoming Yep , still in Jackson Hole . Before tucking into a 18-ounce bison ribeye , you might want to stop by the bar at the White Buffalo Club for a pre-dinner margarita flavored with pink grapefruit or coconut . White Buffalo Club , 160 West Gill Avenue Jackson , Wyoming ; +1 888 256 8182 Beaver Creek Lodge  Beaver Creek , Colorado After a day on the mountains of Colorado , the Rocks Modern Grill at Beaver Creek Lodge refuels skiers with grilled duck flatbreads , bison chili , and wild game meatballs . Beaver Creek Lodge , 26 Avondale Lane , Beaver Creek , Colorado +1 970 845 9800 Tivoli Lodge  Vail , Colorado At Vail 's Brown Hound Lounge at the Tivoli Lodge , apres skiers can sample an Indini cocktail inspired by Indy the chocolate Labrador for whom the lounge is named . Tivoli Lodge , 386 Hanson Ranch Road , Vail , Colorado ; +1 970 476 5615 ext. 10 Keystone Lodge and Spa  Keystone , Colorado Located in Keystone , Colorado , the Keystone Lodge and Spa at Keystone Resort offers signature body therapies featuring soy and blueberry , coconut and mango pineapple , or desert salt and mountain rain . Keystone Lodge and Spa , 22010 U.S. 6 , Keystone , Colorado ; +1 970 496 2316 Read more : Insider Guide to the best of Colorado skiing Westgate Park City Resort & Spa  Park City , Utah Utah 's Westgate Park City Resort & Spa offers an award-winning 30,000-square foot Serenity Spa with an aromatherapy steam room , a cedar sauna , and a waterfall hydrotherapy spa . Westgate Park City Resort & Spa , 3000 Canyons Resorts Drive , Park City , Utah ; +1 435 655 2240 Aspen Meadows Resort  Aspen , Colorado The Hefner Lounge at Aspen Meadows Resort features its own apres ski menu loaded with everything from elk chili and hand-cut fries to warm drink specials . It also lists "  snow friendly " wines , raising the question : is there such a thing as a "  snow unfriendly " wine ? Aspen Meadows Resort , 845 Meadows Road , Aspen , Colorado ; +1 800 452 42 40 Vail Cascade Resort & Spa  Vail , Colorado There are more than 200 breweries in Colorado . At Vail Cascade Resort & Spa 's Fireside Bar , visitors can warm up while ordering from a menu devoted to craft beers . Vail Cascade Resort & Spa , 1300 Westhaven Drive , Vail , Colorado ; +1 970 476 7111 Zermatt Resort  Midway , Utah Midway , Utah 's Zermatt Resort is named after a Swiss mountain village . The Zermatt includes a ruheraum , or relaxation room , where guests can relax after a dip in the resort 's geothermal pool . Zermatt Resort , 784 West Resort Drive , Midway , Utah ; +1 866 937 6288	Kayak.com has compiled a list of the most popular 4 - and 5-star U.S. ski destination hotels and resorts List includes several destinations in Jackson , Wyoming , including the Rusty Parrot Lodge and Spa Colorado 's Vail also claims multiple venues , including the Tivoli Lodge
CNN  -- The big cats are out of the bag after the British and Irish players selected for rugby union 's prestigious Lions tour of Australia were unveiled in London . Lions coach Warren Gatland has chosen 15 Welsh , 10 English , nine Irish and three Scottish players in his combined 37-man squad for the three-Test tour which begins in June . The announcement was a relief for Welsh flanker Sam Warburton , who had been sworn to secrecy by Gatland after being named as captain on his debut Lions tour . "  It 's been the hardest thing , lying to my friends for over a week ! " said the 24-year-old , who is the youngest tour captain in Lions history . "  Warren phoned me up to tell me nine days ago . I put the phone down and punching the air was my first reaction . "  I 've had to tell hardly anybody and that 's been very difficult . I told my fiancee and parents but that was it . "  The boys at the Cardiff Blues were asking me if I wanted to go out for food and things like that , " added Warburton , referring to his Welsh club . "  They were trying to catch me out but I would n't let anything slip . "  If I went through my career without playing for the Lions , I 'd be so gutted . It 's by far the biggest accolade any British or Irish player could achieve -- it 's the ultimate , so I 'm absolutely thrilled . " There was no place in the squad , however , for England captain Chris Robshaw or England 's 2003 World-Cup winning hero Jonny Wilkinson . Wilkinson , who now plays in France for Toulon , effectively ruled himself out of contention for the Lions tour , pointing instead to young fly-halves Owen Farrell and Jonathan Sexton , who have both been selected for Lions kicking duties . "  I asked Jonny if he could tour and he said he was n't available . I would n't have made the phone call if it was n't to offer him a place on the tour , " Gatland said . "  He appreciated the call , but I think physically he would struggle to do a tour . He was honest about himself and said ` I 'm hanging on with my fingernails here at the moment and I probably need another operation ' . "  We asked him about what happens if there is an injury later in the tour and he said ` we can have that conversation later if that crops up . ' " Ireland great and 2005 Lions captain Brian O'Driscoll was also included , with the 34-year-old centre chosen for his fourth successive tour . Despite retiring from England duty last season , England prop Matt Stevens was added to the Lions squad . Scotland 's New Zealand-born wing Sean Maitland was also included although there was no place for outside half Greig Laidlaw . "  We spent a long time selecting this squad and there were some close calls with a lot of competition for places , " said New Zealander Gatland , who coached Wales to Six Nations -- the northern hemisphere 's annual tournament -- success in 2013 . "  When it came down to it there were three or four positions where we had to make a call between one player and another . "  There 's been so much speculation and so many opinions . And that 's what selection is - it 's a matter of opinion , and it 's our opinion . "  But ultimately we chose the players who will give us the best chance of a Test series victory . A Lions tour to Australia only comes around once every 12 years and we believe we have the right balance in the squad to be successful . " The concept of a combined touring Lions side began in 1891 when a group of English and Scottish players took part in a three-Test series against South Africa under the auspices of the Rugby Football Union . In 1899 , the tourists fielded players from England , Scotland , Wales and Ireland for the first time as they traveled to Australia to provide them with their first international competition . The Lions head Down Under again in 2013 determined to avenge their defeat by the Australians in 2001 . The tour begins in Hong Kong against the Barbarians -- an international invitational side based in Britain -- on June 1 and the first Test against Australia follows on June 22 in Brisbane .	Coach Warren Gatland names a 37-man squad for British & Irish Lions tour of Australia Wales flanker Sam Warburton is named as captain There is no place for fly-half Jonny Wilkinson despite his impressive form for Toulon The first Lions tour of Australia was held in 1899 when the team fielded players from all four Home Nations
Travel + Leisure  -- Two years after the Olympic games , Beijing continues to evolve at full tilt , with exciting new lounges , restaurants and hotels popping up across the sprawling metropolis . From an under-the-radar whiskey club and a buzzy locavore restaurant to a sleek skyscraper hotel , the city 's latest after-hours offerings are giving Beijing 's glittery sister Shanghai a run for its money . Scene The heart of expat nightlife is the centrally located Sanlitun Village , where newcomer Apothecary  drinks for two $ 22  is shaking up local cocktail culture with creative concoctions and house-made mixers . Try the "  secret Earl Grey , " Beefeater gin finished off with pomelo-lavender bitters . A five-minute stroll south will lead you to D.Lounge  drinks for two $ 50 ,  a brick-walled gallery that , come night , morphs into a gathering spot for fashion designers and media types . The most creative drink : "  emperor 's whiskers , " made with tea-infused vermouth . Across town in the Central Business District , well-heeled urbanites take in live jazz over Moët champagne , crispy prawn fritters , and Cohiba cigars at Park Hyatt Beijing 's Xiu  drinks for two $ 22 .  The rooftop lounge has five interconnected pavilions inspired by Song Dynasty architecture and an outdoor patio with 360-degree views of the city . Do n't be fooled by the fading paint and dusty velvet banquettes at D-22  drinks for two $ 10  : the best young Chinese indie bands can be found cutting their teeth at this respected rock bar in the university district . For something more subdued , head to Ichikura  drinks for two $ 20 ,  which has a 12-seat Japanese whiskey bar stocked with a selection of rare vanilla - and cherry-scented whiskeys . Travel + Leisure : World 's best hotels 2010 Food The convivial atmosphere and tender duck pancakes at Da Dong 's  dinner for two $ 100  make it one of the top places to try Beijing 's most famous dish , but Peking Duck , Private Kitchen  dinner for two $ 40 ,  in the historic Chaoyang District , is a noteworthy new contender . Here , the plump bird is presented in heated rosewood boxes in an intimate dining room . On Beijing 's oldest commercial street , established China restaurateur Michelle Garnaut 's Capital M  dinner for two $ 130  draws the city 's glitterati with seasonal , locally sourced dishes such as wild-mushroom-and-truffle risotto . Graffiti art covers the walls of Ireland-born chef Brian McKenna 's new restaurant/lounge Room Beijing  dinner for two $ 50 ,  which turns out whimsical , Chinese-inflected creations  chicken wontons with avocado-and-lime dip ; raspberry-and-herb-infused chocolate pop tarts . Reservations are essential at Temple Kitchen  dinner for two $ 250 ,  where a traditional 10-dish menu highlights classic regional ingredients  sea cucumber , abalone  in a 700-year-old former Buddhist temple . The best place to recover from a late night out ? Brunch at Maison Boulud à Pékin  brunch for two $ 55 ,  Daniel Boulud 's French-American outpost with a Beijing twist housed in the former U.S. Embassy . The goose egg "  en cocotte " with smoked potato and chorizo is a surefire way to refuel . Travel + Leisure : Best travel websites Rooms The China World Summit Wing  doubles from $ 290 ,  a serene 278-room hotel in the bustling Central Business District , resides in the top 18 floors of Beijing 's tallest building . Views extend from the Rem Koolhaas -- designed CCTV tower to the golden rooftops of the Forbidden City and beyond . Start  or finish  your evening at the exclusive Atmosphere cocktail lounge . Mixologist Serhan Kusaksizoglu -- who trained at Munich 's iconic Schumann 's bar -- has a sophisticated menu of bourbons , rye whiskeys , and single malts . After exploring the city , guests will appreciate returning to the new Gold Rooms at Fairmont Beijing  doubles from $ 267 ,  where bathrooms now have oversize bathtubs , heated floors , and over-the-top , 24-karat-gold rain showerheads . Yi House  doubles from $ 140  is the first boutique hotel in Beijing 's edgy 798 Art District , an enclave of galleries in former factory buildings . Work by notable locals such as photographer Chi Peng is on view in the 30 gray-walled guest rooms . Sanlitun fans will want to check in to one of the 98 light-filled Studio suites at the Opposite House  doubles from $ 290  for unbeatable access to the area 's nightlife . Survey the scene at the hotel 's chic subterranean lounge , Punk : David LaChapelle and art "  enfant terrible " Ai Weiwei , among others , have been spotted here . Travel + Leisure : World 's best islands Planning a getaway ? Do n't miss Travel + Leisure 's guide to the World 's Best Hotels Copyright 2012 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	The rooftop lounge at Park Hyatt Beijing 's Xiu boasts a patio with 360-degree views of the city Da Dong 's is one of the top places to try Beijing 's most famous dish , duck pancakes The new Gold Rooms at Fairmont Beijing are stocked with 24-karat-gold showerheads
CNN  -- CNN and the Cartoon Network 's presentation of the AC360Â ° special feature , "  The Bully Effect , " spotlight a serious issue affecting children across our nation . The film underscores the damaging consequences of bullying and the need to prevent and respond to it . Lawmakers have a responsibility to ensure that our schools are safe , which is why I have made addressing this problem a priority in the United States Senate . I firmly believe that all children have a right to an education free from fear of being bullied . The denial of this basic right is a betrayal of children who simply want to learn . Anderson Cooper : Say no to bullying The impact of bullying for students and for our nation are severe . In an era when a quality education matters greatly in a competitive global economy , students must be able to focus on their studies . Bullying distracts students who worry more about surviving the day unscathed than about the grades on their report card . Research has indicated that bullying causes increased absenteeism , dropout rates and academic underachievement , all of which undermine a child 's ability to succeed in the classroom and beyond . I am particularly disturbed by stories of bullied youth who feel powerless to change their situation and who choose not to seek help from adults . A recent report from a newspaper in my home state of Pennsylvania told the story of a 12-year-old boy who regularly asks his parents not to report when he has been bullied because he fears possible retaliation . Rather than speak up about the threatening environment at school , he felt that his only option was to keep quiet or risk making things worse . Putting an end to bullying will require a consistent message from adults , including lawmakers , that young people can make a real difference in their lives and the lives of others when they speak up about bullying and harassment . Recently , I reintroduced bipartisan legislation to help prevent bullying and harassment -- the Safe Schools Improvement Act . My bill , which I 'm proposing with co-sponsor Sen. Mark Kirk , R-Illinois , will require school districts that receive federal funding to develop codes of conduct that specifically ban bullying and harassment . This includes cyberbullying and bullying based on a student 's actual or perceived race , color , national origin , sex , disability , sexual orientation , gender identity or religion . At the end of the 112th Congress , 41 senators had joined Senator Kirk and me in supporting this important , commonsense legislation . A new study found that the psychological side effects of bullying can extend up to a decade after the harassment has ended . Moreover , this elevated risk of mental health effects occurs not only with victims of bullying but also with the bullies themselves . Faced with the possibility of such far reaching consequences , it is more important than ever that we put a stop to the intimidation of our youth . I applaud those who are already working to make schools a place where all children can achieve their full potential without fear of being bullied , and I urge my colleagues in Congress to work with me in passing the Safe Schools Improvement Act . Watch the AC360 special documentary , "  The Bully Effect , " on March 3 and March 9 at 8 p.m. ET on CNN . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Robert Casey . Watch Anderson Cooper 360 ° weeknights 10pm ET . For the latest from AC360 ° click here .	Robert Casey : All children have a right to an education free from being bullied Casey : I reintroduced bipartisan legislation to help prevent bullying and harassment He says lawmakers have a responsibility to ensure that our schools are safe Casey : I urge my colleagues in Congress to pass the Safe Schools Improvement Act
Beijing , China  CNN  -- Lazy , promiscuous , confused , selfish , brain damaged and overall hopeless are all labels that have been given to China 's so-called post-90s generation , or those who were born after 1990 who are now mostly in their teens today . Whatever the post-90s are , one thing for certain is they are different from those born before them : they have no memory of China 's tumultuous past , instead only experiencing it as a country with rapid economic growth underscored by rampant consumerism and globalization . "  They have only known a life in China that is rising and affluent , " Frank Yu , a Beijing-based internet analyst , said . "  They are considered a wild card generation . They are very aggressive and outward looking and are pretty confident because they never felt hardship . " And they are also the first generation that has grown up with the internet . And it is there , online , where they live lives that are a marked departure from age-old cultural norms that remain ingrained in Chinese society today . "  When they turn away from the internet and look at the real world and they see that nothing has changed , there is this huge disconnect in their minds , " said Kevin Lee , chief operating officer for China Youthology , a Beijing-based research firm . "  Their minds are in this internet way of thinking , and when their real world is not even moving , not even budging , they feel powerless . And so where do they escape ? They go back to the internet . " The Web is one of the few , if only places , where those who are not post-90s can see their sometimes radical behavior , try to communicate with them and attempt to figure out who , exactly , they are and what , exactly , they are thinking . "  On the internet , they have the chance to be individuals , " said Zakfa Zhang , also with China Youthology . "  It is a totally new space for the youth to feel independent . They can criticize anyone , and no one will tell them they are wrong , and they can express themselves online without many restrictions . " The ways in which China 's teens express themselves online vary . They hang out on Chinese social networks , like Kaixin001 and Renren , post comments on microblogs as well as use Tencent 's highly popular instant messaging service QQ and Qzone , its social networking site and other online bulletin boards . On these platforms , they form what some have described as "  tribes " or "  clans " that can consist of thousands of members communicating via "  Martian " language . "  The ` Martian ' dialect most closely identified with the post-90s alternative subculture is ` brain-damaged writing ' , which is essentially standard Mandarin written using the most obscure characters possible , " writes Adam Schokora , a Shanghai-based internet analyst on the blog Fifty 5 . The post-90s virtual world is also characterized by the photos and videos they share online . Young women often post cartoon-like pictures of themselves with pursed lips , Photoshop-enlarged eyes  to appear more like an animated characters  while wearing chunky glasses , sexy , doll-like clothing or goth and punk styles borrowed from Japan and Korea . "  They want to show off : ' I am beautiful . I am special . I am a star , ' " Zhang said . A post on the blog China Hush titled "  A Series of Post-90s Generation 's Bad Behaviors " shows some of the more shocking sexual content the teen post online : "  The general impression is Post-90s kids are ` out of control , ' behaving badly ' ... ` have mental problems ' and are ` engaging in sexual activities way too early , ' " the post says . Not everyone views their behavior so negatively . "  In the virtual world , they learn how to be leaders , to solve interpersonal conflicts , " said Han Yinbo , co-author of "  An Exploding Internet Revolution . " "  These online activities make them more mature , give them more options and enlarge their visions . Former generations did n't enjoy such colorful worlds . Their understanding of the outside is limited and monotonous . " "  Society views us as wanting to be different , wanting to be full of personality and full of individuality and wanting to be creative in not a good way , " said Lin Li , an 18-year-old student at Fudan University in Shanghai . "  We see the society as our enemy a little bit . We do not want to be so conventional because we think all of these things are old and especially in China we need some big changes . Maybe we want to take this responsibility even though we might not have a really clear goal or aim for the future , " she said . The impact the post-90s will have in China in the future as they mature into adults and become employees is the question many are now asking . Some have already begun to trickle into the workforce , specifically in factories , a number of which have experienced strikes in recent months by young , rural workers unwilling to accept the low wages and poor working conditions of the past . According to Yu , the strikes can at least partially be attributed to the "  jelly generation "  another term used to describe the post-90s  and their laissez faire , independent and entrepreneurial attitude towards life . "  They are more picky about where they work , " Yu said . Don Tapscott , author of "  Grown Up Digital : How the Net Generation is Changing Your World " believes the post-90s generation are much more entrepreneurial than their elders . "  Yes , they will effect change , and yes , they have a completely different culture than their parents , " said Tapscott . "  What happens online does materialize . It does drive behavior change in the real world . "	Tech-savvy youth of China have become an increasingly studied demographic Called post-90s generation with no memory of China 's tumultuous recent past They are avid social media and internet users Some social commentators have criticized post-90s generation as lazy and immoral
CNN  -- There were high-profile tournaments on both the PGA and European Tours this weekend , yet the most talked about round of golf was undoubtedly shared by Tiger Woods and President Obama . But as the 14-time major winner and current world No. 2 ambled round the Floridian course in Palm Beach with the leader of the free world , resentment was starting to build among the press corps . Naturally , such a high profile two-ball was of huge interest to journalists the world over but the White House refused to sanction so much as a snap of the pair in action . Obama 's love for golf is well documented and the press have been able to capture some of his previous rounds with former President Bill Clinton and Republican House Speaker John Boehner . But on this occasion reporters were n't allowed access to the well defended Floridian complex , which drew criticism from the White House Correspondents Association . It 's own president , Ed Henry , said : "  I can say a broad cross section of our members from print , radio , online and TV have today expressed extreme frustration to me about having absolutely no access to the President of the United States this entire weekend . "  There is a very simple but important principle we will continue to fight for today and in the days ahead : transparency . " Very few details emerged from Woods and Obama 's round , but the fact that Golf Channel reporter Tim Rosaforte appeared to be tweeting from inside the complex only added to the WHCA 's ire . White House Deputy Press Secretary Josh Earnest responded by releasing a statement defending the secret nature of the meeting . "  The press access granted by the White House today is entirely consistent with the press access offered for previous presidential golf outings , " it read . "  It 's also consistent with the press access promised to the White House Press Corps prior to arrival in Florida on Friday evening . " On Saturday , Obama is reported to have spent time working on his swing with Woods ' former coach Butch Harmon , who called it an "  honor . " The 69-year-old tweeted : "  What a great weekend . To spend it with the President and have my son Claude III by my side . It does n't get any better than this . " Obama also played with U.S Trade Representative Ron Kirk and Jim Crane , a Democratic donor who owns the resort and the Houston Astros , according to reports . Meanwhile , John Merrick won his first ever title on the PGA Tour after edging Charlie Beljan out in a playoff at the Northern Trust Open in Santa Monica , California . The American , who attended UCLA , made par on the second extra hole , the 10th , while Beljan missed a five foot putt to prolong the playoff . "  To be able to play the tournament was a dream of mine , " Merrick told the PGA Tour website . "  But to win ? I ca n't describe it . It 's so much fun . " Elsewhere , the draw for the first World Golf Championships tournament of the year , the Accenture Match Play , has been made , pairing world No. 1 Rory McIlroy , who lost to Hunter Mahan in the final last year , against Irishman Shane Lowry . Woods will play Charles Howell III in his opening round match while defending champion Mahan comes up against Italian teenager Matteo Manassero . Luke Donald , the 2011 champion , begins his charge against Marcel Siem of Germany . Former British Open champion Louis Oosthuizen of South Africa , the No. 4 seed , will play Richie Ramsay of Scotland .	President Obama enjoys a round of golf with world No. 2 Tiger Woods in Florida on Sunday White House press corps frustrated by lack of access at Floridian resort in Palm Beach Obama reportedly worked on his swing with Woods ' former coach Butch Harmon
Washington  CNN  -- The man charged in the failed Times Square bombing was working with the Taliban movement in Pakistan , the U.S. attorney general said Sunday . "  The evidence that we have now developed shows the Pakistani Taliban directed this plot , " Attorney General Eric Holder said , describing the investigation into suspect Faisal Shahzad during an appearance on NBC 's "  Meet the Press . " "  We know that they helped facilitate it , we know they helped direct it , and I suspect we 're going to come up with evidence that shows they helped to finance it , " Holder said . John Brennan , the assistant to the president for counterterrorism and homeland security , told CNN 's "  State of the Union " that the Pakistani Taliban -- also known as Tehrik-e-Taliban , or TTP -- is closely allied with al Qaeda . The group has pledged to carry out attacks outside of central Asia , including the United States , Brennan said Sunday . Shahzad has been charged in the May 1 attempted bombing in Times Square . He was arrested while trying to fly out of New York on Monday night , two days after he allegedly attempted to set off a car bomb in Times Square . The bomb failed to detonate . It was the second case in the past six months of a bungled terrorist attack in the United States , following the failed bombing of a U.S. airliner on Christmas Day . Brennan said U.S. counterterrorism efforts had degraded the ability of groups such as al Qaeda and the Taliban to launch successful attacks . "  They 're trying to find vulnerabilities in our defenses , " Brennan said , noting the attempts have been "  unsophisticated . " Shahzad , a Pakistani-American , had traveled to Pakistan several times in recent years , Brennan said . "  He was captured by the murderous rhetoric of al Qaeda and TTP , " Brennan said of the suspect . Preventing attacks by individuals , especially American citizens such as Shahzad , is a "  very difficult challenge , " Brennan said . The case raised new questions about whether terrorism suspects should be read the Miranda warning that advises them of their rights to remain silent and obtain legal representation . Critics have accused the Obama administration of losing interrogation opportunities by giving Miranda warnings to terrorism suspects , including the alleged Christmas Day airplane bomber and Shahzad . Brennan said Shahzad was interrogated for four hours under an exclusion to the Miranda warning involving public safety . Authorities then advised Shahzad of his rights , as required by law , Brennan told the "  Fox News Sunday " program . "  It did not impede our ability to continue to acquire very important intelligence from him , " Brennan said . "  It was , I think , a very good example that law enforcement , operating within ... the existing system , were able to leverage the opportunities that they had to get this information . " Also on the Fox program , Republican Rep. Peter King of New York argued a change in the Miranda warning was necessary . "  If there 's another 10 , 15 , 20 plots out there , that to me is more important to get all the intelligence we can on that , " King said . "  So I think we may have to work on revisions . " One idea , King said , would set up "  separate system of justice dealing with American citizens who are allied with a foreign army or a foreign enemy . " Holder also said Sunday that he was considering possible changes to the Miranda warning . Asked whether international terrorism made the current Miranda warnings too limited , Holder told the ABC program "  This Week " that some adjustment may be necessary . The system is working so far , Holder said , but "  we also want to ... make determinations as to whether or not we have the necessary flexibility , whether we have a system that can deal with the situation that agents now confront . " "  We 're now dealing with international terrorism , " Holder said , adding that his department would work with Congress "  to come up with a proposal that is both constitutional , but that is also relevant to our time and the threat that we now face . "	NEW : Faisal Shahzad linked to Pakistani Taliban , U.S. attorney general says Shahzad is charged in foiled Times Square car bombing Terrorists "  trying to find vulnerabilities in our defenses , " Obama terrorism adviser says Debate on Miranda warning heats up in wake of bombing attempt
CNN  -- Ask Gavin MacLeod about virtually anybody , and he 'll have something nice to say . Cary Grant ? "  To look like him for 10 minutes . " Gregory Peck ? "  What a gentleman . " Frank Sinatra ? "  One of the great moments of my life , getting to shake that man 's hand . " Except Bette Davis . Oh , MacLeod 's not angry . But in his new memoir , "  This Is Your Captain Speaking "  written with Mark Dagostino and out Tuesday  , he has an amusing story about inviting Davis to dinner during the height of his early '80s "  Love Boat " fame . The Hollywood grande dame proved to be less than a gracious guest . Davis argued with another guest , upset MacLeod 's wife and , afterward , insulted her hosts in the newspaper . But even with Davis , MacLeod looks on the sunny side . "  We got a good story and a good laugh out of it , " he writes in the book . MacLeod is a happy guy . His enthusiasm and generous spirit run through his new memoir like bright threads . In the midst of recollections about his early stage career , his years as a character actor in countless TV shows and his well-known turns on "  The Mary Tyler Moore Show " and "  The Love Boat , " he 'll slow down the recollections to pay tribute to former co-stars and little-known colleagues with a "  Wow ! " and "  Can you imagine ? " He drops exclamation points frequently , still stunned that his life has worked out so well . "  It 's been a great , great ride , " MacLeod , 82 , said in a phone interview . "  The Mary Tyler Moore Show " : Where are they now ? Sure , the ride 's had a few bumps for MacLeod , born Allan See in Westchester County , New York . He lost his father when he was 13 . He suffered through years of alcoholism , which led to the end of his first marriage -- a tale he tells without self-pity in the book . "  I was ugly when I drank , " he writes . "  The fighting was miserable , and very much my fault . " Until finally breaking through in his late 30s as "  MTM 's " even-keeled newswriter Murray Slaughter , he had a steady but unexceptional career as a character actor . He got his start on stage in the drama "  A Hatful of Rain " and later attracted notice in Los Angeles for playing a drug dealer in a play called "  The Connection , " which led to roles as villains in such shows as "  Hawaii Five-O . " It was Murray -- and then Capt. Merrill Stubing on "  The Love Boat , " through which he became a spokesman for Princess Cruises -- that established MacLeod 's on-screen good-guy bona fides . He has found strength in his Christian faith and in his long marriage to his wife , Patti . CNN spoke to MacLeod by phone from his home in Southern California . The following is an edited and condensed version of the interview : CNN : Acting can be a very challenging business . How do you stay upbeat ? Gavin MacLeod : You get turned down more than you get accepted , so you get used to that negativity . It 's just part of the life . A lot of hope goes into being an actor , especially when you 're young , and especially not having any hair . CNN : Tell me about that . MacLeod : Being bald at a young age turned out to be an asset for me . When I came out to Hollywood in 1957 , I started doing shows at Desilu . I 'd do two shows in a week . I 'd do one with my hair on , then take my hair off , put on a suit and have another little dialogue change and be the head of a mob . I got a lot of training that way because of being bald . CNN : You played a lot of heavies and small character roles until "  Mary Tyler Moore . " MacLeod : I really did . What surprises me is how people know about your career who you 've never met . I was on  a cruise  one time , and one guy asked , "  How is Maisie ? " and I said , "  Who is Maisie ? " and he said , "  In ` Operation Petticoat , ' the tattoo on your chest of the naked girl . " You become a part of people 's lives in ways you 'll never know . CNN : Did you feel like taking "  MTM " was a risk ? MacLeod : Not at all . I had worked with Mary before , and she and  producer  Grant  Tinker  , her husband , had seen me do a lot of plays on the West Coast . I knew her a little bit from working with her on "  The Dick Van Dyke Show . " And the script was so good . CNN : They wanted you for Lou Grant .  Ed Asner eventually played the role . MacLeod : Lou Grant was wonderful , but I would n't believe myself in that role . But Murray , I thought I could do something with him . That 's something I tell actors when I talk to them . If you have an instinct about something , follow that instinct . If I did n't risk saying  to the producers  , "  I really like Murray Slaughter . I think I can do something with it . " ... They had to readjust their thinking , because he was n't the lead role . And that was the beginning of a wonderful seven-year relationship . CNN : You reveled in the character of Murray Slaughter , but Ted Knight wrestled with the character of Ted Baxter . People confused the actor with the fake anchorman . MacLeod : Well , his character was so vivid . He was so funny . Grant Tinker used to come up in the audience , even by himself , to watch rehearsals , and roar at Ted . The  concept was based on a lot of different people . There was a big guy named George Putnam . He was the biggest newscaster on the West Coast . I did a Christmas parade , and he was one of the guests . He was riding on a horse , and I was in a car , and he says , "  GAVIN ! I 'M THE REAL TED BAXTER ! " And he was so proud of it . But  Ted had that image , and it wore on him . Finally he did get to have "  Too Close for Comfort " and "  The Ted Knight Show . " CNN : It must be tough . You 've had such indelible roles that people may find it hard to think of you as something besides Murray or Capt. Stubing . MacLeod : It becomes a part of people 's lives . The thing about Stubing , I tried to make him as likable as I could . He was written differently -- he was written as a stern person . But we realized if you 're going to have a series that 's going to run , people do n't want to see that kind of figure week after week . So we started to change him and tap into me more . That 's how he became the caring man , the father figure . CNN : "  Mary " was beloved by critics . Not so for "  The Love Boat . " MacLeod : The critics hated our show . But I remember when we went to church one Sunday . A lady stopped me , and said , "  Are n't you the captain ? " I say , "  Yes . " She says , "  I love the messages you give us , because they 're covered with cotton candy . " What a great phrase that is . And writing on that level is very hard to do . CNN : What lessons do you hope people draw from the book ? MacLeod : Never give up . Do n't be afraid to risk . And if you have a dream , go for it . Do n't let anybody step on your dream . You have one life ; you want to make the most of it .	Gavin MacLeod has new memoir , "  This Is Your Captain Speaking " MacLeod spent years as character actor before he found TV stardom He was originally supposed to play Lou Grant on "  The Mary Tyler Moore Show " "  Love Boat 's " Capt. Stubing was originally tougher ; character later softened
CNN  -- You probably wo n't see any "  Pan Am " glamour in the newest television program focusing on an airline , but you can still expect plenty of drama . TLC has ordered a new reality series that will take viewers behind the scenes at Southwest Airlines . Production begins this weekend at Baltimore Washington International Airport and Denver International Airport , just in time for the holiday travel rush . More airports will be added in the coming weeks . TLC promises "  unprecedented access " that will reveal what it takes for Southwest to transport passengers in the era of packed planes , unruly passengers and countless air travel frustrations . The series of 13 half-hour episodes will also profile some of the airline 's customers "  as they prepare to travel for milestone moments , " TLC says . "  Air travel has become incredibly accessible , and as a result , millions of travelers navigate the challenges of the airport , especially during the upcoming holiday season , " said Amy Winter , general manager of TLC , in a statement . "  Southwest is a beloved brand , and their customers and employees will reveal the passion , commitment , and fantastic payoff of ` getting there ' that helps keep us all flying . " Southwest is no stranger to reality TV cameras . The carrier was the subject of "  Airline , " a series that ran on A&E in 2004 and 2005 . The network canceled the show after three seasons . The title and premiere date of TLC 's series have yet to be set .	TLC orders series that will take viewers behind the scenes at Southwest Airlines Production begins at Baltimore Washington International and Denver International TLC says "  Southwest is a beloved brand "
CNN  -- For the first time in his life , Joe Fulce gets up at 5 a.m. to do something other than play basketball . The former Marquette University forward has played since kindergarten , but major knee surgery ended the highly recruited player 's NBA dreams . He still gets choked up talking about it . "  You just get used to always practicing and being with the guys , " Fulce said . "  When you get in that type of injury situation when you 're trying to make it , well , I just ca n't talk about it yet . " What Fulce does talk about with great enthusiasm is the college degree he earned in December . It was exactly what he needed to land his first job . It was the first thing they asked about when he interviewed at Digital Intelligence Systems in Dallas , Texas . When he got the job , he immediately sent a grateful text to Marquette Assistant Athletics Director Adrienne Ridgeway . "  Joe Fulce sent me a text saying , ` Hey , thanks for looking out for me . You were right . I did need this degree , ' " Ridgeway said . "  I told him , ` See , that 's exactly the message we 've been trying you to get this entire time . You finally got it . ' " Secretary of Education Arne Duncan wants to see a lot more happy academic advisers because the reality is , a lot of players who do exceptionally well on the court struggle outside of the spotlight . Men 's NCAA Division 1 basketball players have one of the worst graduation rates in college sports , according to a study by the Institute for Diversity and Ethics in Sport . More than a dozen schools did n't graduate at least half their players in recent seasons , according to the study , which looked at how many players completed their degrees in six years . For instance , the University of Connecticut graduates 25 % of its players ; the University of Florida graduates 38 % , Michigan 45 % , and at Indiana it was 47 % . Those figures exclude star players who leave school early to play in the NBA . Few make it to the next level That 's a real problem . On average , only about 1 % of college players go pro and only a small percentage more get a job playing overseas . To even coach the game they know so well , players need to get a degree . Duncan , a co-captain at Harvard in the mid-1980s , said he played ball growing up on the streets of Chicago with far too many guys who did n't graduate . Those guys , he says , were really lost after basketball ended . "  There were all these amazing stars who generated lots of money for the universities they played for and had nothing , zero , to show for it after the season , " Duncan said . "  I always felt that was morally wrong . " Duncan decided to do something about it . Using his bully pulpit as education secretary , he went on TV programs , held news conferences and wrote editorials suggesting teams that fail to graduate at least 40 % of their players should be banned from postseason tournaments . "  To have an advocate like Secretary Duncan is a good kind of push , " said NCAA president Mark Emmert . "  It was moving in that direction anyway , and we were able to accelerate it . " Last fall the NCAA voted on a postseason ban for teams that do n't graduate about 50 % of their players four years in a row . That means last year 's men 's national champions , the University of Connecticut , will be banned from the 2013 tournament no matter how well they play next season . "  I think it 's the culture around college basketball , " Emmert said . "  We 've got a society that teaches young men in particular that if you can play ball , dribble , focus on that . That will get you into college . That will get you into the NBA . "  But now we need to say that 's important , but it does n't work unless you have school work alongside it and are prepared to be a college student . " Lost sight of the goal Former UConn center Jonathan Mandeldove said he probably did go about college all the wrong way . "  I know when I was a student , I looked too far ahead at the glitz and stars and glamour of the NBA instead of taking it one step at a time with school , " he said . While he knew his place on the court , even early on he says he felt a little lost in the classroom . There were tutors and people at UConn to help him if he asked for it , but he says he struggles with ADD  attention-deficit disorder  . "  I got into some grade trouble , " he said . "  Staying up with the studies and staying up with the help while I was playing basketball ... it just did n't work out for me . " In 2009 , Mandeldove said UConn asked him , as a senior , to "  take a break " from his studies . He went home to Georgia three classes shy of graduation . While Mandeldove says he is still working out and still trying hard to make it to the NBA , until then he has had a hard time finding work without a degree . He 's had to cobble together a variety of low paying basketball jobs : helping his dad coach an AAU team , running skills drills for his sister and her friends at an AAU camp and playing semi-pro ball for the Gwinnett Majic for about $ 75 a game . "  Everyone wants to go pro . We all chase those dreams , " Duncan said . "  But the number of players who will make money playing basketball is minute . We always say , ` Chase that dream , but catch an education . ' " The long college basketball season is a grind , said one college official "  They play over 30 games a season -- and that 's even before the tournament from early November through March -- and it 's incredible stress on any student , " said Susan Herbst , who became president of UConn in August . When she got the job , Herbst said she knew she inherited a real academic problem with the basketball team . She immediately went to work getting services in place to help the struggling students and getting every adult who worked with the team on board with the academic mission . Now she even gets players ' grades regularly sent to her so she can personally make sure they are on track to graduate . "  In the past , I think the general problem was lack of support , " Herbst said . While Herbst agrees that teams need to take academics seriously , UConn appealed the postseason ban , but was denied by the NCAA . Herbst thinks the penalty is unfair , since the ban is based on past players ' academic performance rather than that of the current team , which is decidedly better . "  For me as an educator , as a parent , to see our current students -- who are going to class and doing this kind of thing , who would be model student athletes in anybody 's view -- to see them get punished for something students a few years ago failed to do is heartbreaking . " Marquette a model program UConn would like to have the type of success they have at Marquette . They have had great academic and athletic success with its student-athletes . The perennial basketball powerhouse has graduated all of its players in some years . This year it 's 91 % . Rev. Scott Pilarz , the Catholic university 's president , said the key to its success is the individualized attention it gives to players . That approach stems from the Jesuit tradition on which the school was founded . "  Part of who we are as a Jesuit university makes us insist that we care for these students from every point of the compass , " Pilarz said . "  We have this tradition called cura personalis - which goes back to the 16th century and really is rooted in Ignatius Loyola 's experience of how God treated him as a unique individual -- and that 's how we want to treat all our students . We really try to stress meeting them where they are individually and then moving them along so they achieve well academically . " Fulce said like Mandeldove , he struggled with ADD and had a few other learning disabilities . Graduation for him was not a guarantee . "  I had to go to junior college to get my grades up , but when I got here they taught me how to do the best I could with the talents I have , " Fulce said . When Marquette players are selected to play for the school , they immediately know academics will be emphasized when they get there . Even before they start their freshmen year , they attend mandatory summer school . That 's where they can get used to college-level work and that 's also where the athletics academic director can see where the players are academically . "  From that point , then we know how to approach the school year , " Ridgeway said . "  We know then right off the bat if a player needs a tutor in math because that 's not their strong point , and we can create an academic program that 's just for them . " In Fulce 's case , Ridgeway discovered he was a visual learner . So they helped him design a set of note cards for any class he took to help him study . "  When I got to my new job , I had to laugh because there on everyone 's desk to help them with their sales calls were note cards ! I 'm like , ` Damn , everyone is using note cards . I know what to do with those . ' " Fulce said he built up exactly the right study habits to succeed . "  I learned it 's like making free throws . All kids need consistent repetition to learn . Everything is repetition , " he said . It also meant being constantly watched by his academic advisors . Players must swipe in and swipe out of study hall with a card that keeps track of how long they 're in there . Computer programs monitor their class attendance and grades . Tutors fly with the team to away games and chartered planes rush them back to campus in time for class . Fulce said the academic team also has spies everywhere . "  I know they 'd even ask the people who delivered the papers to the academic center if they 've seen us and how long we 've been there , " he said , laughing . "  They really stayed on me about my class work because they cared . And , well , I felt like I had to give into them at some point . "	The NCAA penalizes schools with low academic achievement rates 2011 champ Connecticut will miss next year 's postseason Joe Fulce went to Marquette where he says he got a lot of academic support Former UConn center Jonathan Mandeldove says he lost sight of his educational goals
CNN  -- Braga will face Portuguese rivals Porto in the Europa League final in Dublin on May 18 , after beating Benfica 1-0 to scrape through on the away goals rule . Meanwhile , Porto comfortably secured their place in the final 7-4 on aggregate , despite losing 3-2 at Villarreal in the second leg of their semifinal encounter . Benfica had beaten Braga to the Portuguese title last season , and held a narrow 2-1 advantage from the first leg in Lisbon . However , that lead disappeared in the 19th minute when Braga scored what proved to be the only goal of the game . Hugo Viana 's out-swinging corner from the left was met perfectly by Custudio , who out-jumped the visiting defenders to power home a bullet header . Benfica fought back and were inches from drawing level in the 42nd minute when Javier Saviola fired Oscar Cardozo 's low center against the post . As the match went on , Benfica got closer and closer to scoring . Saviola just failed to convert a flicked-on corner from close range , Alan Kardec 's back-post header with two minutes remaining was cleared off the line . But Braga , who were one of the teams that came down from the Champions League after the group stages , held on to reach their first ever European final . Meanwhile , Colombian striker Radamel Falcao broke Jurgen Klinsmann 's record for most goals in a European season , as he notched his 16th goal as Porto comfortably secured their final place . The new Portuguese champions hammered their Spanish opponents 5-1 in the first match , making the second leg appear a formality , but Villarreal gave themselves early hope by going ahead in the 17th minute when Cani slotted home after a one-two with Marco Ruben . But the visitors levelled before half-time thanks to a deflected 25-yard strike from Hulk , and Falcao gave Porto the lead five minutes after the break , slotting home Fredy Guarin 's pass from the left . However , Villarreal came back into the match and won on the night thanks to a volley from Joan Capdevila and a Giuseppe Rossi penalty after Nicolas Otamendi had fouled Ruben in the area .	Portuguese rivals Porto and Braga will face each other in the Europa League final Braga beat Benfica 1-0 to reach the final in Dublin on the away goals rule Porto were beaten 3-2 at Villarreal but eased into the final 7-4 on aggregate
CNN  -- One hundred and eighty days apparently was n't enough time for the buyer of a winning $ 77 million lottery ticket to come forward . That 's if the  un  lucky buyer still has it . The Powerball ticket from a June 29 drawing was not turned in by Monday 's deadline , said J.B. Landroche , spokesman for the Georgia Lottery . Winning numbers from the drawing were : 24-30-45-57-59 . The Powerball was 26 , according to the lottery . Not that it matters now . The winning ticket was purchased at the Pilot Travel Center in Tallapoosa , Georgia , near the Alabama line . Lottery winners : We 'll give away $ 1 million Unclaimed Powerball jackpot prize funds are returned proportionately to each participating state based on that state 's sales for the particular drawing , officials said . Forty-two states , the District of Columbia and the U.S. Virgin Islands participate in Powerball . In Georgia , unclaimed prize funds go back into the prize pool to be used for future game prizes , special prize promotions and ultimately are paid out to players . The lottery in Georgia benefits education . CNN 's Ashley Corum contributed to this report .	Winning Powerball ticket expired Monday , and $ 77 million goes back into the pot It was sold at a business in Tallapoosa , Georgia , near the Alabama border
Charlotte , N.C.  CNN  -- The fallout over one of the largest coal ash spills in U.S. history continued Tuesday as environmentalists staged a protest at the headquarters of the company responsible for the incident , the federal government launched a criminal investigation , and officials warned residents near the potentially contaminated river to avoid contact with the water until testing Is finished . Residents who live on the Dan River in North Carolina near the retired Duke Energy power plant where millions of gallons of coal ash and wastewater were leaked also were advised to skip eating fish from the water for now . The North Carolina Department of Environment and Natural Resources on Tuesday told Duke Energy it is considering changes to its wastewater permits for coal ash ponds after the February 2 leak at the former plant in Eden . Dozens of demonstrators paraded in front of the corporate headquarters of Duke Energy in Charlotte , demanding answers to what environmentalists believe are many questions in the wake of the spill , which dumped coal ash , the byproduct of burning coal , which is made up of aluminum oxide , iron oxide and silicon oxide . It also contains arsenic , mercury and other metals . The natural resources department said Tuesday it has been testing the water near the plant since the incident and began this week to catch fish for testing . "  This needs to be our last wake-up call . Our last coal ash spill , " said Mary Anne Hitt of the Sierra Club . "  We are here to say no more . No more coal ash in unlined ponds . No more leaks that seep into our drinking waters . No more stalling . No more excuses . No more hiding behind political allies . We are here to draw the line , Duke , " Amy Adams of Appalachian Voices told the crowd . Organized by the Sierra Club , the demonstrators held placards and tried to deliver 9,000 petition signatures from Duke Energy customers asking that all coal ash ponds be removed . Two security guards outside the building would not let a leader of the demonstrators deliver the petitions and a spokesman for Duke told CNN 's Drew Griffin that building security was to blame . "  We do n't own the building , " the spokesman said . Earlier , a Duke spokesman said no one from the company would accept the petitions in person nor speak on camera to CNN . In an e-mail , the Duke Energy representative said of the leak and the company 's response : "  The drinking water has remained safe . The pipe has been permanently plugged . We take responsibility for this event and also are taking another look at the management of our  14 North Carolina  ash basins . " CNN affiliate WRAL reported that state officials have said there is no immediate danger to municipal water supplies even though sediment from the spill is on the river bottom for 70 miles . Pipe springs a leak On February 2 , a leak in a 48-inch stormwater pipe sent coal ash and wastewater pouring into the river . In statements announcing the spill , Duke Energy said up to 82,000 tons of ash had been released and up to 27 million gallons of basin water had flooded into the river . The company has since revised that figure to as much as 39,000 tons . Researchers from Wake Forest University who used cameras on an unmanned aerial aircraft to create a 3-D image of the spill said Tuesday that as many as 35 million gallons of arsenic-contaminated water and ash may have made its way into the river . That would be equivalent to the amount of water in 53 Olympic-sized pools . A week after the spill , the company said it had plugged the broken line and was working with officials on developing a cleanup plan . The utility also apologized for the spill . "  We 're committed to the Dan River and the communities that it serves , " Charlie Gates , the company 's senior vice president of power generation operations , said in a statement . "  We are accountable for what has happened and have plenty of work ahead of us . " Environmental groups said they believe the department of natural resources , which regulates power plants , has been lax in regulating Duke Energy . The agency reached a $ 99,000 settlement with the company earlier this year over two other coal ash storage sites . Frank Holleman of the Southern Environmental Law Center said that settlement is not enough . "  We want the pollution cleaned up , remove it from unlined lagoons and move it to safe storage . We have not focused on the penalty . We want the solution . " Criminal investigation The federal government has launched an official criminal investigation into the spill . Duke Energy has confirmed to CNN that the company has been served with two subpoenas , but would not characterize them in any way . North Carolina 's Department of Environment and Natural Resources provided CNN with copies of the subpoenas it received . Nearly 20 employees of the department have been ordered to testify in front of a grand jury in March . The agency has been ordered to produce documents dating back to 2010 , including communications between Duke Energy and department employees . CNN 's Suzanne Presto contributed to this report .	Spill happened February 2 near retired power plant along a North Carolina section of Dan River Environmentalists protest outside the headquarters of Duke Energy State tells residents it is still testing water , now trying to get samples from fish Company says water is safe , promises it will be accountable
Leonardo da Vinci painted an earlier version of his famed masterpiece "  Mona Lisa , " claims a private Swiss art foundation dedicated solely to the alternate painting , which it unveiled Thursday . But an expert on da Vinci in Britain says there is evidence that the Renaissance master may not have been behind the picture presented as the "  Earlier Mona Lisa " but known more commonly as the "  Isleworth Mona Lisa . " The Mona Lisa Foundation , based in Zurich , offers a wealth of documentation to support its argument that the painting it represents is a predecessor -- from the master 's own hand -- to the world 's most famous portrait hanging in the Louvre Museum in Paris . Martin Kemp , professor emeritus at Oxford University , who has examined the arguments , says the "  reliable primary evidence provides no basis for thinking that there was ` an earlier ' portrait of Lisa del Giocondo . " Da Vinci 's lost masterpiece may be found In addition to a 320-page art book titled "  Mona Lisa : Leonardo 's Earlier Version , " the foundation 's website makes its case using visual widgets of painstaking side-by-side comparisons of the "  Isleworth " with "  Mona Lisa , " magnifying their similarities down to the small details . The obvious resemblance , easily visible to the untrained eye , could be evidence that the work is just another copy of the portrait of Lisa del Giocondo that was painted after da Vinci 's masterpiece was completed -- and probably by someone else , Kemp said in a news release . The "  Mona Lisa " that millions of art lovers flock to gaze upon behind its protective case in the Paris museum was altered from a previous state . "  The Isleworth picture follows the final state of the Louvre painting , " Kemp said . "  It does not therefore precede the Louvre painting . " The foundation and Kemp also disagree on the results of modern technical examinations of the "  Isleworth , " which the foundation has invested in . "  The images produced by infrared reflectography and X-ray are not at all characteristic  of  what lies below Leonardo 's autograph paintings , " Kemp says . Museum displays earliest known Mona Lisa copy The Mona Lisa Foundation presents historical notations by artists and intellectuals in the 16th century and beyond to back up the possible existence of a second portrait , but Kemp finds it inconclusive . In a 20-minute art history video , its own in-house expert Stanley Feldman , main author of the book , presents the foundation 's detailed arguments . The video also includes sound bites from the director of an Italian museum dedicated to Leonardo da Vinci . "  I believe it is more than possible that there existed two pieces of art , " said professor Alessandro Vezzosi , director of the Museo Ideale Leonardo da Vinci , pointing to features that could tie the painting to historical references to an earlier work of art . What the brain draws from : Art and how we see it But Vezzosi does not say directly that he believes the "  Isleworth " is the predecessor of the world-renowned coyly grinning "  Gioconda . " In a speech in Geneva on Thursday , Vezzosi again hedged his bets , not backing the foundation 's claim outright but saying it had presented a "  fascinating possibility " that merited further study . "  The ` Isleworth Mona Lisa ' is an important work of art deserving respect and strong consideration as well as a scientific , historic and artistic debate among specialists rather than a purely media interest , " he said . He is conducting parallel research in conjunction with another expert , Carlo Pedretti of the Armand Hammer Center for Leonardo Studies of the University of California in Los Angeles , Vezzosi said . Meanwhile , Kemp recommends "  that questions are asked about the relationship of the Foundation to the current owners . " The Swiss nonprofit was established by bank chairman Markus Frey , financier Daniel Kohler and auctioneer David Feldman , who shares his last name and hometown of Dublin with the foundation 's art historian . It does not divulge who owns the "  Isleworth " on its website but explains that "  the owners of the painting have endowed The Mona Lisa Foundation with exclusive rights to carry out its objectives . " If the "  Isleworth " is not a da Vinci original , as the foundation claims , but a copy , which Kemp thinks is more likely , then it 's not a great one , he says . It does n't quite have that Mona Lisa smile . Scientists unlock secret of Mona Lisa 's face	A Leonardo da Vinci expert says the claim is worth further research Swiss foundation unveils what it claims is a predecessor to "  Mona Lisa " An Oxford University professor cast doubt on its authenticity The Mona Lisa Foundation exists solely to research this one painting
CNN  Toledo , Ohio , Mayor Michael Collins has been hospitalized in critical condition after suffering a cardiac arrest while driving Sunday afternoon . Collins was headed home from a news conference on the city 's snow emergency around 2 p.m. when he lost consciousness and his car slammed into a utility pole , said his spokeswoman Stacy Weber . CNN affiliate WTVG said a woman performed CPR on the mayor after breaking a window and removing him from the vehicle . Collins is in the intensive care unit at the University of Toledo Medical Center . Dr. Christopher Cooper of the medical center said Sunday that Collins is being closely monitored and that it is too early to comment about his recovery . City Council President Paula Hicks-Hudson was sworn in as acting mayor . Collins , 70 , has been in office a little over a year . CNN 's Janet DiGiacomo and Andy Rose contributed to this report .	A woman pulled Mayor Michael Collins from his car and performed CPR The City Council president has been sworn in as acting mayor
Jerusalem  CNN  -- The father of a New Jersey man who went missing while studying in Israel has joined police and hundreds of volunteers searching the forest outside Jerusalem where his son disappeared . Yeshiva student Aaron Sofer , 23 , was reported missing Friday by a friend who was hiking with him in the Jerusalem Forest , Israeli Police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld told CNN . Sofer 's father , Moshe Zvi Sofer , arrived in Israel Monday with his wife from their home in Lakewood , New Jersey , to join the search , which is now in its fifth day . The couple is offering a 100,000 shekel  about $ 28,000  reward for whoever finds their son , Sofer 's father said in a video posted online . "  It means a lot to us that everyone is doing their share , whatever they could to help us find my son , " he told CNN at the search site Wednesday . Police , volunteers search forest Avishai Landau , who is organizing the search , said the group of "  hundreds and hundreds of people " started combing the forest Saturday . Landau , who 's been volunteering on search and rescue missions for years , called Sofer 's disappearance "  extremely unusual , " and said that the search party has come up empty-handed . "  We have absolutely nothing that could explain what happened to him , " he said . Police have questioned a friend of Sofer 's who was "  the last man who saw him face-to-face , eye-to-eye , " Rosenfeld said . The friend lost contact with Sofer while walking with him and reported the disappearance to authorities , the police spokesman added . What happened ? "  We are looking in a number of directions , " Rosenfeld said . "  It is not clear if the disappearance was personal -LSB- or a -RSB- kidnapping . It 's not clear at all . " The missing man 's brother , Joel Sofer , told CNN Tuesday that family members are "  just praying hard and doing everything we could do . " He said he had visited the area where his brother went missing . "  I actually was over there today on site , " he told CNN 's Jake Tapper . "  And you know , there 's nothing . They have no evidence . They ca n't find anything . " Binyomin Isseeman , Sofer 's rabbi in Lakewood , called the young man a "  very normal , a very healthy boy . " "  His mind is clear , no problems at all , " Isseeman said to CNN affiliate WCBS reported . U.S. State Department assisting Republican Rep. Chris Smith of New Jersey said the U.S. Department of State was helping Israeli authorities in the search for Sofer . "  There are concerns , as we all know , about the possibility of abduction , " Smith said , according to CNN affiliate News 12 New Jersey . Sofer 's disappearance comes two months after what Israeli authorities have called the revenge killing of Palestinian teen Mohammed Abu Khedair , 16 . His body was found in the Jerusalem Forest on July 2 , just miles from where Sofer went missing . Two minors and an adult were indicted in the killing . Prosecutors allege the killing was retaliation for the deaths of three Israeli teens whose bodies were found in the West Bank in June . One of the Israeli youths also had American citizenship . CNN 's Michael Schwartz reported from Jerusalem and Leigh Remizowski reported from New York . CNN 's Jethro Mullen also contributed to this report .	NEW : Search leader : "  Hundreds and hundreds of people " are searching for Aaron Sofer NEW : Sofer 's parents offer 100,000 shekel reward to help find their son Sofer , 23 , disappeared while hiking in the Jerusalem Forest Police are questioning a friend who was with Sofer
CNN  -- A Burmese python slithering through the Everglades proved that her eyes were n't bigger than her stomach , swallowing intact a 76-pound deer . At 15.65 feet , the python is n't the largest on record . But the size of her prey both impresses and concerns state and federal wildlife scientists and land managers trying to control the non-native species . "  They are large exotic animals that are not naturally from this area , " said Randy Smith , spokesperson for the South Florida Water Management District . "  The potential to wreak havoc on the natural Florida wildlife ... they do n't have true enemies . " Contractors spraying exotic vegetation Thursday came across the female python on an island about 20 miles from Everglades National Park , Smith told CNN Tuesday . It was dispatched , by protocol , with a single shotgun blast to the head . A necropsy conducted by Everglades National Park wildlife biologists showed the python had a girth of 44.1 inches after devouring the adult female deer . The snake normally weighed 139 pounds . Officials Tuesday said they are trying to determine the age and health of the deer . "  We see them on a regular basis , " Smith said of pythons . "  We 've dispatched hundreds of these in the past few years . " The menu for Burmese , rock and African pythons includes rodents , birds or smaller snakes . In 2005 , a python apparently busted its gut after it had consumed a 6-foot alligator . Some of the snakes may have escaped enclosures after Hurricane Andrew 's widespread destruction in 1992 . But there 's a more likely cause for the problem . "  Obviously , some of these were pets , " Smith said . When people realize they are going to grow up to be much larger than they expected , they often release the creatures into the wild . That 's the worst thing you can do , officials said . Management and park officials have tried trapping , but that 's largely failed . Scientists and park managers are studying the exotic reptiles ' breeding habits and pinpointing their locations to devise a strategy for controlling them . "  It 's not meant to be successful in this habitat , " Linda Friar , spokeswoman for Everglades National Park , said of the Burmese python . "  We do n't have any idea how many there are . This is the biggest  one  we have ever dealt with . " The giant reptiles compete with alligators and crocodiles . Although pythons have been found in or near some residential areas west of Miami , there have been no reports of injuries to people , Smith said . Friar said invasive fish species , such as walking catfish and lionfish , are an even bigger problem in southern Florida . CNN 's John Branch contributed to this report .	Python nearly 16 feet long devours deer whole Reptile was killed near Everglades National Park Scientists want to know more about the giant invasive species
MINNEAPOLIS , Minnesota  CNN  -- Democrat Al Franken declared victory in the hotly contested Minnesota Senate race Monday , saying the win is "  incredibly humbling . " A Minnesota board says Al Franken won his U.S. Senate race against Norm Coleman by 225 votes . The Minnesota State Canvassing Board on Monday certified the results of the recount of Republican Sen. Norm Coleman 's fight to retain his seat against Franken . The results showed Franken with a 225-vote lead . "  I am proud to stand before you as the next senator from Minnesota , " Franken told reporters Monday night . "  It 's clear that we have a lot of important work to do ... I 'm ready to go to Washington and get to work as soon as possible . " Coleman 's attorney , Tony Trimble , said shortly after the ruling that the campaign will officially file a lawsuit . The Minnesota Republican 's campaign later announced that he will make a public statement on Tuesday afternoon . Coleman 's campaign contends the recount should have included about 650 absentee ballots it says were improperly rejected in the initial count . Watch Coleman say he will take his fight to the courts " The initial count from the November 4 election put Coleman , a first-term senator , 215 votes ahead of Franken , who is known for his stint on NBC 's "  Saturday Night Live " and as a former talk-show host on progressive radio network Air America . In Washington , the Senate 's majority and minority leaders staked out opposing positions on the matter of who will serve Minnesota alongside Democrat Amy Klobuchar . "  There comes a time when you have to acknowledge that the race is over , " Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , told reporters . "  The race in Minnesota 's over . Now it 's only a little finger-pointing . The certification by the canvassing board , which has been in process for a number of weeks , now clearly shows that Al Franken has won . " Reid added later : "  Coleman will never ever serve in the Senate . He 's lost the election . He can stall things , but he 'll never serve in the Senate . " Watch Reid call on Coleman to concede the race " Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky , said : "  The law in Minnesota requires certification from the secretary of state and that ca n't happen until the conclusion of all legal battles . It 's not over . " Republican National Committee Chairman Mike Duncan echoed McConnell 's criticism . "  The efforts of Al Franken , Harry Reid and Chuck Schumer to steal this election and seat Al Franken despite not having an election certificate are unprecedented , " Duncan said in a statement . "  I am confident that if the law is followed , Norm Coleman will be taking his rightful seat in the U.S. Senate . " Republican Sen. John Cornyn of Texas , the chairman of the National Republican Senatorial Committee , has pledged a GOP filibuster if the Democratic-controlled Senate attempts to seat Franken before all legal battles play out and before Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty , a Republican , can co-sign Minnesota Secretary of State Mark Ritchie 's certificate . Reid said there would be no effort to seat Franken on Tuesday , the day new senators will be sworn in . Meanwhile , in a move that leaves a post-election legal challenge the last hope for Coleman , Minnesota 's high court earlier Monday denied his campaign 's request to consider about 650 additional rejected absentee ballots . His attorneys had said those ballots should have been included in the count of mistakenly rejected ballots that were tallied over the weekend . The Coleman campaign also said Monday that there was no uniform standard for local officials and campaigns to review and tabulate these improperly rejected ballots . Previously , the court had ordered that only ballots that local officials and both campaigns could agree were rejected in error could be counted . A consensus was met on about 950 of 1,350 originally found by local officials . The court ruling suggested Coleman 's latest request should be a post-election consideration . The Coleman campaign , meanwhile , said it was determined to take the question to court . "  Today 's ruling , which effectively disregards the votes of hundreds of Minnesotans , ensures that an election contest is now inevitable , " said Coleman attorney Fritz Knaak . "  The Coleman campaign has consistently and continually fought to have every validly cast vote counted , and for the integrity of Minnesota 's election system , we will not stop now . The Minnesota Supreme Court has made sure that an election contest will need to be filed quickly in order to ensure that an accurate and valid recount can be achieved . " Coleman , who just finished his first term as senator , led Franken by 206 votes at the end of the original vote count in November . The margin automatically triggered the recount , which was hampered by multiple challenges from both sides . Coleman switched to the Republican Party from the Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party , which Franken now represents , in 1996 , after two years as St. Paul 's mayor .	Norm Coleman to make public statement Tuesday Al Franken : State ruling on Monday is "  incredibly humbling " State board : Franken won Senate race recount by 225 votes Minnesota high court wo n't let Norm Coleman consider rejected absentee ballots
New York  CNN  -- Dear Mr. President : How good of you , sir , to have personally telephoned two New York heroes whose timely diligence prevented a lunatic from causing a catastrophe in Times Square . We New Yorkers are happy to hear you called Mr. Lance L. Orton Sr. and Mr. Duane Jackson to thank them for their vigilance . But there is a third vendor , Mr. President , whom you forgot to call . His name is Alioune B. Niass , and he is an immigrant from Somalia who said he was the first person to notice the smoking Nissan Pathfinder . "  I thought I should call 911 , " Niass later told a reporter , "  but my English is not very good and I had no credit left on my phone , so I walked over to Lance , who has the T-shirt stall next to mine , and told him . He said we should n't call 911 . Immediately he alerted a police officer nearby . " Here in New York , Mr. President , we are not particular about which one of these great New Yorkers saw that deadly car first , alerted the police and prevented a disaster . The Big Apple has a big heart , and the magnificent city of New York has room for plenty of heroes . But we are also very fair people . So we would be grateful if you could kindly call Mr. Niass and thank him for us . There is another reason besides fairness . Mr. Niass is a Muslim from Somalia , and some of us Muslim-Americans have a suspicion that your staff might not have brought him to your attention because the idea of a Muslim hero in New York does not quite dovetail with the stereotype . If there is an American of Muslim descent who commits , or tries to commit , a criminal act , as Faisal Shahzad apparently did , we Muslims feel we are all suddenly suspects . We feel we need to explain ourselves . Yet if there is a hero among us whose love for our city does not fit the stereotype , he is ignored . This is not fair , and we believe you , as our president , can do much to alleviate this burden on us and our children . Imagine millions of Muslim children who go to school across America every day , just like your own children . Imagine how proud they would feel if you were to call Mr. Niass . That pride of place , that we and our children deserve , would go a long way to alleviating the pain of the bigotry and racism that is aimed at us . We too would feel at home here and be even more diligent in safeguarding and protecting our cities from criminal atrocities . You recall , Mr. President , during your presidential campaign you were , and still are , repeatedly "  accused " of being a Muslim -- as if being a Muslim were a crime . We were hoping every time you denied being a Muslim that you would add , "  and if I were a Muslim , there is nothing wrong with it . " Finally , it was former Secretary of State Colin Powell who came out and said so when answering people who claimed you are Muslim : "  He 's a Christian ; has always been a Christian . But the really right answer is , ` What if he is ? Is there something wrong with being a Muslim in this country ? ' " We were relieved and grateful . We , too , Mr. President , are America . We have our share of criminals amongst us , as do any other people . But we are not all terrorists , and we are tired of feeling false guilt or shame every time a criminal among us does something insane and stupid . We are ordinary people -- soldiers and scientists , scholars and students , homemakers and teachers , businessmen and lawyers , physicians and engineers , greengrocers and vendors . And you are our president too . We who claim Mr. Niass as one of our own also have a dream . We dream that our children will one day live in a nation where they will not be judged by the faith of their forefathers but by the content of their character . When the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. -- the visionary who said these immortal words I paraphrase -- uttered that phrase for the first time in 1963 , scarcely anyone could have imagined that you would be our president today . But now you are and can do your share to change perceptions . It is possible that a Muslim might become president some day . For all we know , that president might be an American kid of Afghan , Pakistani , Arab , Iranian , Somali , or Indonesian parentage who is reporting to school this morning . Imagine how proud she would be if you were to call Mr. Niass today and thank him . His business is located on the corner of 45th and Broadway , two tables down from Lance 's . I can give you his phone number . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Hamid Dabashi .	Hamid Dabashi lauds president for calling two street vendors who reported Times Square car But , Dabashi says , a third vendor , a Muslim immigrant , says he was first to spot Pathfinder Muslim-American hero defies the "  terrorist " stereotype , he writes Dabashi : Muslim Americans living with prejudice would be buoyed by Obama calling him
CNN  -- Premier League big-spenders Manchester City will renew their search for a new world-class striker after ending their interest in Barcelona striker Samuel Eto'o . Eto'o will not be playing for Manchester City next season after the English club ended their interest in him . The Cameroon international , who is about to embark on the last year of his contract at the Nou Camp , felt he should receive a significant portion of the # 18million  $ 29m  fee City were willing to pay -- as he would be entitled to leave for nothing next summer . City manager Mark Hughes initially signalled his intention to wait for Eto'o to resolve the wrangle . Yet , as the week has dragged on , the argument has just got more confusing and complicated . Latest transfer rumors and gossip It was suggested City were ready to offer Eto'o a deadline of this weekend to determine his future . However , in the end , City chairman Khaldoon al-Mubarak did not even give the 28-year-old that long , with Barcelona officially contacted on Friday with confirmation the deal was off . "  Samuel Eto'o is undoubtedly a fine footballer but the circumstances surrounding him were such that the deal could not be completed , " City chief executive Garry Cook told the club 's official Web site . "  We now feel the time is right to pursue other avenues . We have a clear strategic transfer plan , which we continue to follow . " England midfielder Gareth Barry and Paraguayan striker Roque Santa Cruz have already joined the club this summer and Argentine forward Carlos Tevez is expected to complete his move from rivals Manchester United in the near future . Chelsea and England captain John Terry and Everton defender Joleon Lescott also remain high on the club 's wish-list . Meanwhile , two players leaving the club are midfielder Gelson Fernandes and Brazilian striker Jo . Swiss international Fernandes has completed his move to French side St Etienne , while Jo has returned to Everton on loan for the season . In other transfer news , Sunderland have swooped to sign Manchester United 's reserve team striker Fraizer Campbell for # 3.5 m  $ 5.67 m  on a four-year contract .	Manchester City have ended their interest in signing Barcelona 's Samuel Eto'o The move fell through because Eto'o wanted to be paid a portion of transfer fee City midfielder Gelson Fernandez and Brazilian striker Jo both leave the club
Yeonpyeong Island , South Korea  CNN  -- The Obama administration on Wednesday slammed North Korea 's pugnacious rants toward South Korea and the West and a U.S. intelligence official called the strident remarks worrisome . "  The ratcheting up of rhetoric is of concern to us , " the official said . The question is whether this is "  just rhetoric , " he said . Or , "  are things happening behind the scenes indicating the blustering has something to it . " Another U.S. official said there is a lot of uncertainty about North Korea 's intentions . "  North Korea is not a paper tiger so it would n't be smart to dismiss its provocative behavior as pure bluster , " that official said . U.S. says it sent B-2 stealth bombers over South Korea "  What 's not clear right now is how much risk  North Korean leader  Kim Jong Un is willing to run , to show the world and domestic elites that he 's a tough guy . His inexperience is certain -- his wisdom is still very much in question . " North Korea earlier said it was cutting off a key military hotline with South Korea amid high tensions between the two sides . "  Under the situation where a war may break out any moment , there is no need to keep north-south military communications , " the head of a North Korean delegation told the South by telephone Wednesday , according to the North 's state-run Korean Central News Agency . There are several hotlines between North and South Korea . Earlier this month , Pyongyang disconnected a Red Cross hotline that ran through the border village of Panmunjom and was used by officials on both sides , according to the South Korean Unification Ministry . And senior U.S. officials do not believe the cutting off of some communication by North Korea in itself is indicative of more dramatic action or is conclusive . The officials note that North Korea has cut these links before , some of them multiple times . "  It 's part of the current threat-of-the-day pattern . I would n't extrapolate it to anything more conclusive , " one official said . "  They want attention and they want to scare people both inside and outside their country . " Officials see steps such as cutting off communication are more substitutes for doing other more dangerous things rather than precursors to more dangerous things . "  That is certainly our fervent hope , " the official said . Analysis : what 's Kim Jong Un up to ? At the same time , there is concern about a North Korean miscalculation during this time . The officials said the lack of communication could complicate and hamper the ability of all nations involved  including North Korea , South Korea and the United States  to control and moderate any action -- and cycle of reaction should one begin as the result of a North Korean miscalculation . The North linked its move to annual joint military exercises by South Korea and the United States , which it has cited in a string of threats against the two countries in recent weeks . Tougher sanctions approved by the U.N. Security Council also may have fueled its anger . "  It is important the U.S. send a message . In terms of the military side , the U.S. has clearly sent a message , " the intelligence official said . "  When people engage in this sort of rhetoric , you ca n't appear as if you are not responding , " the official said . The intelligence community has been providing the Obama administration with assessments of Kim Jung Un 's control of the regime , but the official would not provide any details of that assessment . Administration officials also regretted the tough talk from Pyongyang . State Department spokesman Patrick Ventrell cited "  more bellicose rhetoric and threats  that  follow a pattern designed to raise tensions and intimidate others . " Josh Earnest , White House principal deputy press secretary , said the United States is committed to ensuring the security of its allies , such as South Korea . "  The North Koreans are not going to achieve anything through these threats and provocations . They 're only going to further isolate the North Koreans and undermine international efforts to bring peace and stability to northeast Asia , " Earnest said . Pentagon spokesman George Little spoke on the government 's nuclear threats to the United States and "  its more achievable threats to attack South Korean military units and shell border islands . " "  We take their rhetoric seriously , whether it 's outside the norm which it sometimes is , or seems to suggest a more direct threat . And if you look at what they 've said recently , it 's been extremely provocative , threatening and bellicose . And it 's a complete mystery to me why they would deem it in their own interest to launch this type of rhetoric at us and our allies , " Little said . Korean nightmare : Experts ponder potential conflict The North 's announcement Wednesday appeared likely to affect the movement of people in and out of the Kaesong Industrial Complex , a joint economic cooperation zone between the two Koreas situated on the North 's side of the border . "  The measure taken by North Korea is not beneficial for the stable operation of the Kaesong Industrial Complex , and we urge them to withdraw the measure , " the Unification Ministry said . On Thursday morning , the day after the North said it was severing the line , South Korean workers were able to cross the border and enter the industrial zone , the semiofficial South Korean news agency Yonhap reported , citing the Immigration and Quarantine office in Paju , near the border . An initial group of 197 workers went over the border at 8:30 a.m. local time  7:30 p.m. Wednesday ET  after North Korea gave the regular approval for their movement by phone through the industrial district 's management committee , Yonhap said . A total of 530 South Koreans were due to enter the Kaesong complex on Thursday , and 511 are scheduled to come back into South Korea , according to Yonhap . North Korea 's threats : Five things to know A symbol of North-South cooperation , the Kaesong complex is also seen as an important source of hard currency for the regime in Pyongyang . The North previously cut off the Kaesong military hotline in March 2009 -- also during annual U.S.-South Korean military exercises -- but later reinstated it , according to Yonhap . The slew of recent fiery rhetoric from Pyongyang has included threats of pre-emptive nuclear strikes against the United States and South Korea , as well as the declaration that the armistice that stopped the Korean War in 1953 is no longer valid . Behind the veil : A rare look at life in North Korea On Tuesday , the North said it planned to place military units tasked with targeting U.S. bases under combat-ready status . Most observers say North Korea is still years away from having the technology to deliver a nuclear warhead on a missile , but it does have plenty of conventional military firepower , including medium-range ballistic missiles that can carry high explosives for hundreds of miles . The heightened tensions on the Korean Peninsula came after the North carried out a long-range rocket launch in December and an underground nuclear test last month , prompting the U.N. Security Council to step up sanctions on the secretive regime . Island faces North Korean threat up close CNN 's K.J. Kwon reported from Yeonpyeong Island , CNN 's Pam Benson and Elise Labott reported from Washington.Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong . CNN 's Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	NEW : South Korean workers enter industrial complex despite severing of hotline NEW : The North clears them to cross the border through another line , Yonhap says U.S. intelligence official expresses concern about "  ratcheting up of rhetoric " The announcement follows a slew of recent threats from North Korea
CNN  -- Erik Roberts , an Army sergeant who was wounded in Iraq , underwent his 13th surgery recently to save his right leg from amputation . Imagine his shock when he got a bill for $ 3,000 for his treatment . Army Sgt. Erik Roberts was badly wounded in Iraq with two comrades in April 2006 . "  I just thought it was bull -- that I 'm getting billed for being wounded in Iraq doing my job . I always put the mission first , and now that I was wounded in Iraq , they 're sending me bills , " he said . "  I put my life on the line and I was wounded in combat , and I came back and they 're not going to take care of my medical bills ? " It 's a level of outrage shared by his mother , as well as the doctor who performed the surgery . "  It 's hard to understand why we 're not taking care of guys like Erik whose injuries are clearly related to their service . They deserve the best care of anybody , " said Dr. William Obremskey , an Air Force veteran and surgeon at Vanderbilt Orthopaedics in Nashville , Tennessee . "  For him to be responsible for $ 3,000 , I think , is a little ridiculous or is uncalled for , particularly in this situation . " His mother , Robin Roberts , put it more succinctly : "  Why should any soldier pay one penny of a medical bill from injuries that occurred while they were fighting in a war ? That 's what really frustrates me . " The Department of Veterans Affairs has now decided to pay his bill , but only after prodding from a U.S. senator who got involved after CNN brought it to his attention . Roberts , of Warren , Ohio , is one of more than 31,100 U.S. troops to have been wounded in Iraq . An additional 4,262 have died in the war . Roberts was wounded April 25 , 2006 , when roadside bombs tore through his Humvee in western Baghdad . Heat from the flames ignited the Humvee 's ammunition , which popped off all around . See Roberts describe getting blown up " Roberts and his buddies , A.J. Jefferson and Luke Murphy , were badly wounded and bleeding on the ground after jumping from the burning vehicle . They were saved by comrades who rushed to help them . "  The truck automatically filled with smoke . There was fire coming from the middle of the truck . And I just feel my whole right side just like kind of explode , " Roberts said . "  I thought at that moment that my life was over , so I started praying . " All three soldiers survived the attack , but Murphy lost his leg . Days later , on his 23rd birthday , Roberts returned to the States . He underwent a series of life-saving surgeries , including 12 different ones to repair his fractured right leg . A metal rod was inserted in his upper leg to help the fracture heal . He retired from the Army in October 2007 , because of his war injuries , and enrolled in college last fall at Youngstown State University , majoring in finance and minoring in economics . But in December , he says , a golf ball-sized lump appeared on his wounded leg . He says he went to a Veterans Affairs hospital and was told not to worry about it . A few days later , he says , he went to the emergency room after the lump flared up more . A doctor there , he says , told him that the leg was badly infected and that it might have to be amputated . Desperate for help , his mother contacted the Army surgeon who had saved her son 's life two years earlier . That doctor referred him to Obremskey , the Vanderbilt surgeon . The Robertses say the VA did not approve of them going outside the system . Erik Roberts says he had no choice -- it was have surgery or potentially lose his leg . "  I thought my leg was more important than the usual bureaucratic mess , " he said . His leg was saved . The $ 3,000 billed to Roberts was n't for the surgery itself . It 's a portion of the bill for six weeks of daily antibiotics to prevent the infection from coming back . His private insurance plan picked up the majority of the $ 90,000 in costs . Roberts has been administering the drugs himself -- up to seven IVs a day , with a nurse coming to his home once a week to check on him . At one point , his mom says , the insurance company suggested the war veteran should be put in a nursing home to receive the round-the-clock antibiotics . "  Now why would you want to put an injured soldier who is 25 years old in a nursing home to get IVs ? " Robin Roberts said . "  He said , ` Send me home and teach me to do it myself . ' " Roberts has also paid for his travel expenses from Ohio to Tennessee for treatment . He fears how much of the $ 57,000 surgery bill he will owe and how much he might be billed for his emergency room visit in December . His schooling has been put on hold because of his surgery and lengthy recovery . "  These soldiers and young men and women fight for our country and our freedom , only to come back to have to fight for their health and their life back in the United States , " Robin Roberts said . Dr. Obremskey said it 's "  frustrating " to hear about cases like Roberts ' . He says the lesson from Roberts ' story is "  pretty obvious . " "  If they 're injured in the service to our country , we should continue to take care of them even if they are discharged from active duty because of their injuries . Some mechanism ought to be available for them to obtain whatever care they need , " Obremskey said . CNN on Wednesday contacted the office of Sen. Sherrod Brown , a Democrat from Roberts ' home state of Ohio who serves on the Senate 's VA committee . Brown 's office had not heard of Roberts ' case , but immediately reached out to the soldier and alerted the VA about his situation . In less than 24 hours , the VA got back to CNN . "  The VA will be paying the bill , " said VA spokesman Sean Nelson . The VA did not offer an explanation as to how something like this could happen . Brown 's office issued a written statement , applauding the decision . "  Sen. Brown is pleased to hear that Mr. Roberts will not have out-of-pocket costs for a service-connected injury . However , he believes it should not take the intervention of a U.S. senator for our veterans to receive the care they 've been promised . " Roberts said he appreciates the help . Despite everything he 's experienced , Roberts -- who went into the Army just after high school -- said he would never trade in being a member of the 101st Airborne . "  I will always be proud I served my country , and proud that I was able to wear that flag on my shoulder , " he said . "  I would defend this country against anyone , and I 'm proud to wear that uniform . " CNN 's Thom Patterson contributed to this story .	Wounded soldier gets billed $ 3,000 for wounds suffered in Iraq "  I put my life on the line ... and they 're not going to take care of my medical bills ? " Army Sgt. Erik Roberts was wounded in April 2006 ; he 's had 13 surgeries on his leg Sen. Sherrod Brown of Ohio urged the VA to act ; VA agrees to pay bill
Pocantico Hills , New York  CNN  -- Oil-tainted seas , oxygen-deprived zones , overfishing , mercury poisoning ... these days , the search for safe and ethical seafood is enough to unnerve any pescetarian . For chefs , it does n't just mean crossing another fish off our menus . The question has become how do we keep fish on the food chain ? I found one answer last year , at a fish farm called Veta la Palma . Veta la Palma is in southwestern Spain , at the tip of the Guadalquivir River . Until the 1980s , the land was in the hands of the Argentineans . They once raised cattle in what were essentially wetlands , and they did it by draining the land . They built a series of canals and siphoned the water off the land and into the river . But they could n't make it work . Economically and ecologically , it was a disaster . In draining the land , they killed 90 percent of the bird population . And so in 1982 , a company with an environmental conscience purchased the land . What did they do ? They reversed the direction of water flow in the canals ; they literally flipped the switch . Instead of using the channels to pump water out , they pulled water in , flooding the canals and creating a 27,000-acre fish farm of sea bass , mullet , eels , shrimp and sole . In doing so , the company reversed the process of ecological destruction The farm is incredible , with hundreds of miles of flooded canals and thick marshland , teeming with life . I stood there not so long ago with Miguel Medialdea , Veta la Palma 's head biologist . According to Medialdea , it 's such a rich environment that the fish eat what they 'd be eating in the wild . Because the system is so healthy , it 's totally self-renewing . But Veta la Palma is not just a fish farm ; it 's also a bird sanctuary . Today there are 600,000 birds on the farm from 250 species . It 's become one of the most important private estates for bird life in Europe . You might think a thriving bird population is the last thing you 'd want on a fish farm  Veta la Palma loses 20 percent of fish eggs and baby fish to the birds  , but for Medialdea , it 's a point of pride and a testament to the company 's success . "  We farm extensively , not intensively , " he told me . "  It 's an ecological network . So the healthier the birds , the better the system . " But the truest measure of their success is much simpler : flavor . Veta la Palma 's fish was the most delicious I 'd ever tasted , starting with the skin . I do n't like fish skin -- not seared or crispy . I almost never cook with it . Yet when I tasted it at Veta la Palma , it tasted not at all like fish skin . It tasted sweet and clean , like taking a bite of the ocean . I mentioned it to Medialdea , and he nodded . "  The skin acts like a sponge , " he explained . "  It 's the last defense before entering the body , and it evolved to soak up impurities . But there are almost no impurities in our water . " And that 's an understatement . The water flows into the canals from the Guadalquivir River , carrying all the things rivers tend to carry these days -- chemical contaminants and pesticide runoff -- and when it flows back out , it 's cleaner than when it started . The system is so healthy it purifies the water . The purification is not just for the fish , but for us as well . That river water eventually dumps into the Atlantic . Sure , it 's a drop in the bucket , but I 'll take it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dan Barber .	With compromised , overfished seas , Dan Barber puzzled over how to keep fish on food chain He says he visited fish farm in Spain that restored water flow , fish populations to wetlands The farm is ecologically balanced , with abundant fish and 250 bird species , he says Barber : The farm 's system is healthy again -- and the fish it produces are delicious
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- Leaders of two tribal groups in Yemen say they will join protests demanding President Ali Abdullah Saleh 's resignation following violent crackdowns on demonstrators in Aden . "  The Yemeni people will not stay quiet on the blood that was spilled in Aden and we will avenge for them , " said Hussein Ahmar , president of the Yemen Solidarity Council , on Saturday . "  We call on all those loyal to Yemen to stand with the revolution until this regime falls . " The Yemen Solidarity Council is comprised largely of member of Saleh 's own Hashid tribe . Members of the Baqil tribe will also join in protests , according to Ahmar . But Saleh appeared to be standing firm , saying Saturday during a meeting with military leaders there was a plot against Yemeni unity , according to the official Saba news agency . The agency also said Saleh received pledges of support from sheikhs and local officials from Abyan Province during a meeting Saturday . Medical officials said Saturday that four people died and 26 were wounded -- some critically -- following clashes that erupted Friday night between anti-government protesters and security forces in southern Yemen . Amnesty International said at least 11 people had died in Friday 's protests , bringing the overall death toll since protests began to 27 . The international human rights group said that it has received reports that Yemeni security officials have prevented people from taking wounded people to the hospital . "  Events in Yemen are taking a serious turn for the worse and the Yemeni security forces are showing reckless disregard for human life , " said Philip Luther , the group 's deputy director for the Middle East and North Africa . Witnesses said the victims of Friday 's violence were anti-government demonstrators hit by gunfire when security forces shot into crowds of protesters in the city 's Mualla district after 10 p.m. Friday . Yemeni government officials could not immediately be reached for comment . On Friday , authorities insisted no one had been killed in clashes in another part of Aden , but witnesses said one protester died of gunshot wounds and 11 demonstrators were wounded . The violence occurred after protesters gathered Friday across Yemen to demand Saleh 's resignation . Thousands of anti-government demonstrators -- mostly students -- lined the streets outside Sanaa University in the nation 's capital . They were countered by a pro-government demonstration on Tahrir Square , where thousands waved flags and held up pictures of Saleh , who has ruled Yemen since 1978 . The country has been wracked by a Shiite Muslim uprising , a U.S.-aided crackdown on al Qaeda operatives and a looming shortage of water . High unemployment has fueled much of the anger among a growing young population steeped in poverty . Demonstrators in recent anti-government protests have also cited government corruption and a lack of political freedom . Saleh has promised not to run for president in the next round of elections , and he has said he supports the creation of a national unity government to oversee upcoming parliamentary elections . Baqil tribal leader Faisal Dhalee said Saleh is making a mistake in trying to hang on . "  If the ruling party had some wisdom left , than it would quickly leave power , " he said . Saleh he has refused to step aside immediately . On Monday , he compared the anti-government protests to an illness sweeping through the region . "  This is a virus and is not part of our heritage or the culture of the Yemeni people , " he told reporters . "  It 's a virus that came from Tunisia to Egypt . And to some regions , the scent of the fever is like influenza . As soon as you sit with someone who is infected , you 'll be infected . " Journalist Hakim Almasmari contributed to this report .	NEW : Amnesty International says security forces are blocking access to hospital Medical officials say four people died and 26 were injured after clashes in Aden Yemini tribal leaders say they will join protests calling for the Saleh 's resignation Witnesses say the victims are anti-government demonstrators
CNN  -- Former Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf came to power in a bloodless military coup in 1999 when he was chief of Pakistan 's army . He held power until the 2008 elections after which he resigned . Since then he has lived in self-imposed exile in London . In late 2010 he launched the All Pakistan Muslim League party with a view to running for office in 2013 . Musharraf now says he plans to return to his home country sometime at the end of January . How did Musharraf establish himself as a player in Pakistani politics ? Like most Muslims , Musharraf 's family moved to Pakistan when British India was divided into India and Pakistan , and settled in Karachi . Musharraf 's father was a career diplomat , which saw him spend his early childhood in Turkey due to his father 's assignment in Ankara . But despite early family life in civil service , Musharraf decided on a different career path -- in 1964 he was commissioned second lieutenant in an artillery regiment in the Pakistani Army . His rise through the military would help cement his political power in Pakistan by gaining the backing of the country 's armed forces . He was promoted to major general in 1991 , appointed chief of army staff with rank of general in 1998 , and then made chairman of the joint chiefs of staff the following year . How did Musharraf gain power in Pakistan ? It was during his stint as the country 's military chief that there was an opening for Musharraf 's political ascendancy , when in 1999 the then-Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif dismissed him after the army 's failed invasion in Kargil , in Indian-administered Kashmir . As Musharraf was returning from an overseas visit in October 1999 , Sharif refused to allow the commercial airliner with 200 passengers on board to land . Within hours the army had deposed Sharif in a bloodless coup , and the plane was allowed to touch down with only 10 minutes of fuel left . In 2001 Musharraf appointed himself president of Pakistan while remaining the head of the army . Musharraf 's rule : Strengthening his grip on power In April 2002 a referendum allowed Musharraf to hold office for a further five years . Four months later , Musharraf implemented 29 amendments to the constitution , granting himself the power to dissolve parliament and remove the prime minister . In a televised address in December 2004 , Musharraf announced that he would not step down as top military leader , even though he had previously agreed to give up the position of the head of the army at the end of 2004 . He said that he needed to maintain his position in order to watch over anti-terrorist operations . During his rule , Pakistan attained respectable growth rates and established a generally favorable investment climate . Along with that came a growing middle class , a more aggressive media , and a more assertive judiciary . "  He brought parliamentary reforms . He brought women into the parliament , " said Ahmed Bilal Mehboob , director of the Pakistan Institute of Legislative Development and Transparency . But , analysts say , Musharraf never lost his military mindset . "  He in a way , always believed in a unity of command , a very centralized command , which means his command , in fact , " said Lt. Gen. Talat Masood , a political analyst . Why did things turn sour for Musharraf ? Musharraf 's popularity began plummeting in 2007 after he suspended Supreme Court Chief Justice Iftikhar Chaudhry for "  misuse of authority . " The move triggered protests and accusations that he was trying to influence the court 's ruling on whether he could run for another five-year term . Chaudhry was reinstated but the damage was done . In October of that year , Musharraf was re-elected president by a parliament critics said was stacked with his supporters . Opposition parties filed a challenge . The next month , he declared a state of emergency , suspended Pakistan 's constitution , replaced the chief judge again and blacked out independent TV outlets . Under pressure from the West , Musharraf later lifted the emergency and promised elections in January 2008 . He allowed Sharif , the prime minister he deposed , to return from exile . He also let in another political foe , former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto who led the Pakistan People 's Party . However , in December 2007 , the country was plunged into further turmoil when Bhutto was assassinated . Bhutto had returned from a self-imposed , eight-year exile to run in the country 's general elections two months before her assassination and already had escaped one attempt on her life . She was killed by a 15-year-old suicide bomber while campaigning in the Pakistani city of Rawalpindi , the seat of the country 's military . Musharraf 's government and the CIA contend the killing was orchestrated by a group with ties to al Qaeda , but polls found that a majority of Pakistanis believe Musharraf 's government was complicit . In 2010 , further criticism of Musharraf emerged after the United Nations ruled that Bhutto 's death could have been prevented had Musharraf 's government taken adequate measures to protect her . Musharraf rejected the findings , saying that Bhutto had police protection and took unnecessary risks . Meanwhile , several other factors compounded Musharraf 's declining popularity : a shortage of essential food items , power cuts , and skyrocketing inflation . In February 2008 Musharraf 's party admitted defeat in parliamentary elections and he was succeeded by Asif Zardari , Bhutto 's widower . The leaders of Pakistan 's two main opposition parties formed a coalition and vowed to restore deposed judges . Six months later , the coalition moved to impeach Musharraf , who then resigned as president , though he said the allegations of misconduct were false . He went into self-imposed exile in London . In August 2009 , Pakistan 's supreme court found that Musharraf had violated the constitution in 2007 when he imposed a national state of emergency . Government officials said that if he returned , he 'd be arrested . What now for Pakistan 's former president ? In May 2010 Musharraf announced on CNN that he planned to re-enter Pakistan politics and launched a new political party in October of that year . But a Pakistani court later issued an arrest warrant for him in connection to the assassination of Bhutto . Musharraf 's legal adviser told CNN that the accusations were baseless . Musharraf now says he 'll return to his country between January 27 and 30 , despite word from authorities that he will be arrested when he does so . Chaudhry Zulfiqar Ali , a special public prosecutor in the assassination case , said a Rawalpindi court has already issued an arrest warrant for Musharraf . "  They are bound to execute the order unless a higher court sets aside the orders , " Ali said , adding that Musharraf is accused of conspiring in the assassination . Musharraf announces he will return to Pakistan late this month Musharraf 's attorney , Chaudry Faisal , said the threat of arrest is politically motivated and has no legal bearing . The warrant is being challenged in court , the attorney said . He described the claim that Musharraf could be arrested at any time upon return as "  absurd . " Musharraf said that he will return even at the risk of his life . Speaking to CNN , the former president said he had declined to provide a specific date because of security concerns . He spoke about the possibility of arrest , but said he expects he will be fine , so long as "  the judiciary plays its just role , and there are no interruptions . " He described his support as scattered , and said he needs to build it again from the ground up . "  This is a do-or-die moment for me and my party . I need to muster all the support I can , " he said . Musharraf pens exclusive op-ed for CNN.com CNN 's Reza Sayah and Saeed Ahmed contributed to this story .	Musharraf 's rise through the military helped him cement his political power in Pakistan He deposed Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif in a bloodless coup in 1999 Musharraf 's popularity plummeted in 2007 after he suspended a senior judge He now says he 'll return to his country between January 27 and 30 , 2012
Louisville , Kentucky  CNN  -- I 'll Have Another cut loose on the home stretch to run down Bodemeister and earn the first Kentucky Derby wins for his rider and trainer Saturday . I 'll Have Another , with a finish of 2:01:83 , earned nearly $ 1.5 million of the $ 2.2 million purse . That 's quite a payoff for a horse that was purchased last year for the modest sum of $ 35,000 . Jockey Mario Gutierrez , making his Derby debut , called I 'll Have Another a steady competitor . "  They did n't believe  I 'll Have Another  could have made it this far , " Gutierrez said . "  But even if they wanted me to pick  any horse in the field  , I would have stayed with him . " The winner had 15-1 odds ; Bodemeister was at 4-1 , according to the Derby website . Dullahan , with 12-1 odds , also made a late run and finished third . I 'll Have Another defeated Bodemeister by more than one length at the 1Â 1/4 - mile classic , attended by a record Churchill Downs crowd . The 138th running was marked by a couple of other Derby firsts : It was the first victory for trainer Doug O'Neill and the first win from the No. 19 post position with a full field . O'Neill called Gutierrez "  the man " for his own performance . "  He was just so confident , " O'Neill told NBC . "  We had such a brilliant race . " Bob Baffert , a Derby stalwart and the trainer of Bodemeister , said he was "  really proud of the way " his horse ran . "  He just came up a little tired , " Baffert told NBC afterward . Having won all three races he 's participated in this year , O'Neill said he was excited for the next leg of the Triple Crown -- the 137th edition of the Preakness , set for May 19 in Baltimore . "  Maryland , here we come , " he said . Gutierrez thanked all those involved in the effort as well as his family in Mexico and "  my beautiful second family " in Canada . This year 's Derby was noted for a particularly strong field . Other favorites included Union Rags , at 5-1 ; Gemologist , 8-1 , and Hansen , 13-1 . Went the Day Well , at 30-1 , finished fourth . A record crowd of more than 165,000 revelers took in what 's called "  the most exciting two minutes in sports " or "  the fastest two minutes in sports . " Got ta Watch : The Derby professionals Nicknamed the "  Run for the Roses " for the garland that is draped over the winner , the Kentucky Derby traces its rich history back to 1875 , when Col. Meriwether Lewis Clark Jr. decided to inaugurate a race in his home state of Kentucky . Only 11 horses have ever won the Triple Crown , the most recent being Affirmed , 34 years ago . The third race is the Belmont Stakes , set for June 9 . CNN 's Alysen Miller contributed to this report .	Jockey , horse called calm and confident I 'll Have Another charges past Bodemeister to win Next leg of the Triple Crown is the Preakness Stakes Winner took in nearly $ 1.5 million
CNN  -- The top security official in the Mexican state of Nuevo Leon was found shot dead and burned inside a truck in the city of Monterrey , the state-run Notimex news agency reported , citing state officials . The governor 's office confirmed the death of Homero Guillermo Salcido Trevino , head of the control , command and communications operations for the state police . He suffered five bullet wounds , and his body was set on fire inside his official truck , officials said . Officials found the body Sunday night . Eighteen people were killed Monday in Padilla in the neighboring state of Tamaulipas , prosecutors said in a statement . Five Padilla residents were among those killed , the statement said , along with six people traveling in the city . Another seven bodies were dumped in the town square , the prosecutors said . Additionally , unspecified damage was done to Padilla 's municipal palace , the lower judiciary court and the city police command . Tamaulipas is in the central northeast of Mexico , bordering Texas and the Gulf of Mexico . Padilla is about 200 miles from the U.S. border . The state prosecutors said state and local authorities were working the case and pledged cooperation with federal authorities as well . Northern Mexico has been plagued by a steady stream of violence fueled by the lucrative drug trade in Mexico . According to the government , there have been more than 34,600 drug-related deaths since President Felipe Calderon began a crackdown on the cartels in December 2006 . Alejandro Poire , Mexico 's national security spokesman , told CNN 's Rafael Romo last week that half the more than 15,000 drug-related deaths last year occured in just three of the country 's 32 states -- Chihuahua , Sinaloa and Tamaulipas . Thirty percent of the total is in Chihuahua alone , with most of those in Ciudad Juarez across the border from El Paso , Texas . "  We can get ahold of this violence , " Poire said . "  We have shown it in other parts of the country , and we will do it because we have a comprehensive strategy to address crime and violence . " Monday 's violence followed several incidents last week in the region that left another 18 people dead . On February 6 , the remains of five men discarded along the highway between Monterrey and Reynosa in Tamaulipas were found , Notimex reported . The state news agency said the bodies were naked , except for plastic bags . A day earlier , gunmen clashed with soldiers in three separate incidents in Tamaulipas , leaving 13 people dead , the agency reported . CNN 's Nick Valencia contributed to this report	NEW : 18 people killed Monday in the state of Tamaulipas , prosecutors say Homero Salcido was found dead inside a burning car Sunday in Monterrey He was shot five times , officials say
The production is slick . The imagery : ominous . The Islamic State in Iraq and Syria is out with a new video from its Al Hayat Media Center . ISIS also produced the videos of the beheadings of two American journalists and a British aid worker . It took nearly a week , but this appears to be the terror group 's response to President Barack Obama 's speech in which he said the U.S. objective in expanded airstrikes would be to "  degrade , and ultimately destroy " ISIS . The President is expected to speak Wednesday about the U.S. strategy for combating ISIS , which also calls itself the "  Islamic State . " The 52-second video plays much like a trailer for an action-adventure movie . There are plenty of slow-motion explosions , and flames are shown engulfing American troops . There are cameos from President George W. Bush and his "  Mission Accomplished " banner , along with plenty of menacing fighters with masks over their faces , ready to execute civilians . The producers even toss in a clip from Obama at the White House : "  American combat troops will not be returning to fight in Iraq , " he says . A lingering explosion puts an exclamation point on the whole thing . And then the logo , fit for a Hollywood blockbuster : "  Flames of War -- fighting has just begun ... Coming soon . " The video fades to black . An ISIS magazine Named after a town in northern Syria , Dabiq magazine publishes stories portending a battle between Islam and the West . It has portrayed Obama and Republican Sen. John McCain of Arizona as "  crusaders " who will "  bring about the complete collapse of the modern American empire . " It also carries images evoking apocalyptic battles between the Sunni extremist group 's fighters and the rest of the world , including American soldiers enveloped in flames . ISIS is taking a page from the playbook of al Qaeda , a former ally that has praised and advocated terrorist attacks in its glossy magazine , Inspire . But experts say the terrorist groups do n't appear have the same propaganda goals . Inspire focuses more on practical advice for terrorists planning attacks , publishing guides on how to make bombs and get them onto planes . Dabiq is a vehicle intended to spark desire in its readers to join and fight with ISIS , said Seth Jones , a security analyst at the RAND Corporation . Read more about "  Inspire " Kurds say they killed an ISIS commander The Kurdish fighting force known as the Peshmerga killed an ISIS commander during battle Tuesday , according to a senior Peshmerga official who took part in the operation . The Peshmerga killed ISIS commander Abu Abdullah during a Kurdish operation to push ISIS farther from Irbil , the capital of Iraq 's Kurdish region , the official said on condition of anonymity Wednesday . In the battle , the Peshmerga reclaimed five Iraqi villages as well as a bridge along the main highway linking Irbil to Mosul , Iraq 's second-largest city , according to a senior Peshmerga official taking part in the operations . The Peshmerga said the battle was meant to push ISIS fighters back toward Mosul , to the west of Irbil -- and part of the Peshmerga 's larger plan to reclaim areas that ISIS claimed this year . ISIS destroyed the bridge linking the two cities a month ago , hoping to prevent any opposing force from advancing on Mosul , but the Peshmerga said its forces went around the bridge for Tuesday 's attack . U.S. air power appeared to play a role in the offensive . Two U.S. airstrikes targeted an armored vehicle and ISIS fighting position northwest of Irbil , according to the U.S. military . That 's the same area where the Peshmerga operation was under way . ISIS has seized large swaths of land as part of its effort to create a caliphate -- an Islamic state -- that stretches from western Syria to eastern Iraq .	Peshmerga forces have killed an ISIS commander , a senior Peshmerga official says "  Flames of War " ISIS video is an apparent response to President Obama 's speech last week It plays like a movie trailer The video was produced by Al Hayat Media Center
London  CNN  -- Thousands of members of the British Armed Forces took part in a parade and flypast at Windsor Castle Saturday as part of celebrations to mark Queen Elizabeth II 's 60 years on the throne . World War II era Spitfires and Lancaster bombers , helicopters and Tornado fighters were among the 78 aircraft to soar overhead as part of the Queen 's Diamond Jubilee tribute . The flypast also featured Hawks flying in a formation to represent the Queen 's initials and Tucanos flying in a "  60 " formation for the length of her reign . On the ground , some 2,500 military personnel from the Army , Navy and Royal Air Force paraded past the Queen , who was colorfully dressed in blue , in a specially built arena in the castle grounds . Speaking at the event , Gen. Sir David Richards , Chief of the Defence Staff , said the three branches of the Armed Forces took great pride in marking the jubilee . "  The Queen 's deep interest and commitment to the Armed Forces has touched many Servicemen and women and their families over the past 60 years , " he said . "  I know I speak for all those who have the privilege to wear her uniform , when I offer my heartfelt thanks to Her Majesty for her dedication to the Armed Forces , and to our country . " The Queen was joined in the audience by Prince Philip and other members of the British royal family , as well as more than 3,000 military personnel , veterans and their families . Monarchs from Denmark , Brunei , Lesotho , Norway , Sweden , Swaziland and Tonga were among a number of foreign royals to attend . The military parade and flypast are the first major national event to celebrate the Diamond Jubilee , the Ministry of Defence said . The central weekend of celebrations comes in early June , when the Queen will take part in concerts and a pageant involving more than 1,000 boats on the River Thames . The Queen hosted a lunch on Friday at Windsor Castle to which every monarch in the world was invited , also as part of the Diamond Jubilee celebrations . Prince Charles and the Duchess of Cornwall also hosted a dinner at Buckingham Palace on Friday evening for some of the royals . Human rights campaigners criticized the decision to include monarchs of countries with a poor record on human rights in Friday 's events . Among those they highlighted were the king of Bahrain , whose government has come under fire for its handling of continuing unrest , and Swaziland 's King Mswati III , accused by critics of enjoying a lavish lifestyle at public expense while his people suffer great poverty . Have you met the Queen or British Royals ? Share your story or photos on iReport !	78 aircraft take part in a dramatic flypast above Windsor Castle Some 2,500 members of the Army , Navy and Royal Air Force march past the Queen The Queen is taking part in celebrations to mark her 60 years on the throne
CNN  -- As American families try to stretch their food budgets during the recession , some are turning to the backyard , rather than the grocery store , as the place to look for produce . Susan Hopper of Tampa , Florida , uses her garden to teach her students where food comes from . Recession gardens are catching on with many first-time planters who want a healthy meal at an affordable price . The gardeners are following seed-strewn paths laid by Michelle Obama and Eleanor Roosevelt , both of whom have used the White House lawn to show the value of a garden during tough times . The scope of today 's trend is shocking even to those in the gardening industry . W. Atlee Burpee & Co. , the largest seed and gardening supply store in the country , says it has seen a 25 to 30 percent spike in vegetable seed and plant sales this spring compared with last . "  I 've been in the business for 30 years , and I 've never seen anything like it -- even remotely like it , " said George Ball , chairman and CEO of the company . In 2008 , there was a 15 to 20 percent uptick in seed sales because of high food and gasoline prices . Not since the '70s , when the company saw sales increases in the 10 percent range , has gardening seen such buzz , he said . The National Gardening Association expects 43 million American households to grow their own fruits , vegetables , herbs and berries this year . That 's up 19 percent over last year , according to a 2,559-household survey the group conducted in January . Tell us about your garden on iReport.com About a fifth of the gardeners this year will be new to the activity , the survey says . Most -- 54 percent -- said they will garden because it saves them money on food bills . A slightly larger group say they garden because homegrown food tastes better . There 's evidence that recession gardeners stand to see substantial savings at the grocery store checkout . Last year , Burpee released a report saying a family will get an average 25-to-1 return on its investment in a garden . So , by that count , a family that spends about $ 200 on a medium-to-large garden , as Michelle Obama reportedly did , will save $ 5,000 in grocery bills over the course of a year . That statistic is inflated , said Mike Metallo , spokesman for the National Gardening Association . Metallo 's group says a $ 70 investment in a garden will yield $ 600 in produce for the year . To get those savings , a gardener has to know what to plant , when to plant it , where to plant it , how to deal with different soil types and how to care for the garden . Watch the community of Serenbe bring food from farm to table " That knowledge is n't innate these days , especially for urban dwellers . Bobby Wilson , president of the American Community Gardening Association , says all of that interest is great , but he worries that Americans are n't equipped to grow their own food without some help . "  Many of the people that want to get into the gardening and greening movement right here have never gained the skills , " he said . "  Many of them came up in an era where there was no vocational education , so there was no need to learn anything about horticulture or agriculture . " He said all of the country 's elementary schools should have gardens so future generations will learn how to save money and fend for themselves . Susan Hopper , a 41-year-old elementary school teacher in Tampa , Florida , said she started a garden last year , partly to teach her family and her students about the food chain . See Hopper 's garden on iReport.com "  I have three children of my own , and they think chicken comes in tenders and nuggets , " she said . "  I was concerned about their health , and I wanted them to understand that food is a process that we 're a part of , and it just does n't come in neat packages . " Hopper grew up watching her older family members garden , but when she first decided to plow a patch of her own yard , she was n't too successful . Florida 's growing season is somewhat reversed , she said , so even though she had read Internet articles about how to garden , she did n't know the local tricks needed to make her plants survive . In the process of digging back into the soil , though , some new gardeners are struggling with the fact that they 're several generations removed from a farm . Pamela Price , a 38-year-old mom in San Antonio , Texas , said her garden is n't profitable just yet because of droughts in her state . See Price 's "  victory garden " on iReport.com She grew up in a family of ranchers and farmers , but she 's forgotten much of what she learned when she was young . "  We are fortunate that we do n't have to rely on -LSB- the garden -RSB- , but I certainly want to make sure that , in the event that something happens , we would know how to , " she said . "  It 's a life skill . " Price said she 's started to look at her local environment anew as she learns which plants will or wo n't grow in the harsh climate . That gives her a connection with history , too , she said . She recently read a book about how some of Texas ' residents a century ago had similar issues . Wilson , of the community garden association , said new gardeners should seek advice from neighbors . On every block , there 's a gardener who is willing to talk about the process , he said . Face-to-face conversations are more helpful than Internet searches when it comes to learning about the local environment , he said . One way to tap local garden knowledge is to join a community garden , where neighbors turn up communal plots together . The activity is expected to see a fivefold increase this year , with 5 million households saying they 're at least "  very interested " in participating in a community garden , said Metallo , of the National Gardening Association . New gardeners should start out small , he said . That way you 'll learn as you go and wo n't get as frustrated . "  You do n't have to go hogwild crazy , " he said , adding that people who tear up their entire yards are usually disappointed . "  Get comfortable with it . "	Americans are turning to gardens as a way to reduce food bills amid recession Experts in garden industry say the trend is unlike anything in at least 30 years One seed company says a $ 200 garden saves a family $ 5,000 in food annually Gardening is up 19 percent in 2009 , the National Gardening Association says
CNN  -- In November 2011 , The Boston Globe had a panel on "  cyberetiquette . " We met in a theater at Boston Globe headquarters . On the stage was a moderator , a Globe reporter , and two of the Globe 's regular "  advice and manners " columnists . And then there was me , there , I suppose to represent the cyberworld and where it might take us . As I remember it , we responded to questions from the moderator and from the floor with general agreement on most matters : No texting at family dinner . No texting at restaurants . Do n't bring your laptop to your children 's sporting events , no matter how tempting .  Your daughter looks up from her star turn at lacrosse , and you are deep into an e-mail to your supervisor . The game was boring until then , sure . But e-mail can get so engrossing that you 've got to be careful ; you 're playing with fire ! Then came this question from the floor : A woman said that as a working mother she had very little time to talk to her friends , to e-mail , to text , to keep up . "  Actually , " she confessed , "  the only time I have is at night , after I 'm off work and before I go home , when I go family shopping at Trader Joe 's -LSB- a supermarket -RSB- . But the guy at the checkout line , he wants to talk . I just want to be on my phone , into my texts and Facebook . Do I have the right to just ignore him ? " Watch Sherry Turkle 's TED Talk The two manners experts went first . Each said a version of the same thing : The man who did the checkout had a job to do . She had a right to her privacy as he provided his service . I listened uncomfortably . I thought of growing up and all the years I went shopping with my grandmother , all the relationships she had with the tradespeople at every store : the baker , the fishmonger , the fruit man , the grocery man , for this is how we called them . TED.com : Make data more human If they had n't spoken to us , we would have been upset . If we had n't spoken to them , I always assumed they would have been upset as well . I was not older than my fellow panelists . And I 've never considered myself a nostalgic person . But I found myself disagreeing with them . I answered the question from the floor in a very different spirit . I said that we all know that the job that the man at the checkout counter was doing can now be done by a machine . But until he is replaced by a machine , I think he should be treated as a person , with all the rights of a person . And that includes a bit of human exchange , since that is clearly what makes his job tolerable for him , makes him feel that in his job , this job that could be done by a machine , he is still a human being . TED.com : We are all cyborgs now My fellow panelists were not pushovers . Nor was the audience . This was not what they wanted to hear . But in this moment , as in so many others like it , when I took stock of their unhappy reaction to what I said , I felt myself at the cold , hard center of a perfect storm : We expect more from technology and less from each other . What once would have seemed like "  good service " is now an inconvenience . That 's the "  less from each other " part of the equation . We also want technology to step in as we invite people to step back . It used to be that we imagined that our mobile phones would be for us to talk to each other . Now , our mobile phones are there to talk to us . New commercials for Siri , the digital assistant on Apple 's iPhone , have it serving as a best friend and confidante to a man who is preparing for a romantic dinner date at home and to an ingÃ © nue who takes a rainy day off from work to dance around her apartment in bare feet . I interview young people who tell me they hope that in the future , Siri will be even more like a best friend to them . TED.com : How technology evolves We are at a moment of temptation , ready to turn to machines for companionship even as we seem pained or inconvenienced to engage with each other in settings as simple as a grocery store . We want to instrumentalize daily life with real people and accept fantasies of "  intimate " conversations with robotic personal assistants who have no real understanding of what we are saying to them in terms of what things mean to us . We seem lonely but afraid of intimacy . Siri , the social network , digital assistants , all of these give the illusion of companionship without the demands of relationship . The path we are on seems fraught with paradox and about the most important human matters . Yet smitten with technology , we are like young lovers who are afraid that too much talking will spoil the romance . We do n't much want to talk about these problems . But it 's time to talk . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sherry Turkle .	Sherry Turkle , once an enthusiast for digital technology , expresses some doubts She says people are so focused on devices , networks , that other things get ignored Turkle : In our rush to connect online , are we leaving behind real human interaction ? We want technology to step in as we invite people to step back , she says
CNN  -- Comedian Artie Lange suffered "  diabetic shock " and was admitted to a Michigan hospital Tuesday , he tweeted . "  Trying to get better , " his message said . "  Sorry for missing gigs . " His tweet included a photo of himself in a hospital bed . Lange , 46 , did not disclose what hospital he was in , only that it was "  outside of Detroit . " Another tweet said his road manager was there and taking care of him . Although ill , Lange 's notoriously harsh and self-deprecating sense of humor is intact . He retweeted a Twitter message from a fan -- or perhaps non-fan -- that read : "  too bad u did n't croak u waterpig . " Lange has been touring the United States with his stand-up show . His Saturday show set for Los Angeles has not been taken off the online tour schedule . Lange was a cast member on the sketch comedy series "  MADtv " in 1995 and 1996 . His popularity rose when he joined Howard Stern 's radio show in 2001 for an eight-year run . His own bio describes his comedy as "  decidedly non-PC . " His autobiography "  Crash and Burn " reveals his struggle with drug addiction , including heroin use and rehab treatments .	"  Sorry for missing gigs , " Lange tweets from hospital The comedian is in a hospital "  outside of Detroit "
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Technology is changing golf in such a way that the next generation of players could be learning their skills on computer screens rather than golf greens . A keen golfer playing the virtual game . South Korea 's Y.E. Yang became the first Asian-born male winner of a major when he won the U.S. PGA Championship but there is a possibility the region 's next star will come from cyber golf . There are an estimated 3.5 million golfers in South Korea but many of them have never seen an 18-hole course out in the open . Their game lives in the virtual world - forced indoors because most of the 260 golf courses in South Korea are expensive and oversubscribed . A round of virtual golf will cost between $ 20 to $ 30 and the format has seen a proliferation of users - just over five years ago there were 300 golf cafes but now there are over 3,000 operating some 12,000 simulators . Watch CNN 's Justin Armsden 's report on virtual golf in South Korea . " Youngchan Kim , president of Golfzon who own around 60 percent of the simulator market , revealed that the continuing success of virtual golf lies with its accessibility to the masses . "  In Korea it is very expensive to play golf in the field and it requires a lot of time . So the expensive and time-consuming factors were resolved through virtual golf , " he told CNN 's Living Golf . "  Virtual golf or golf cafes are very popular in Korea at the moment . It 's only about 10 percent of what it regularly costs to play in the field . " Simulated golf is a fast-growing pastime with industry officials estimating seven out of every 10 simulators sold globally are installed in South Korea . Indeed Golfzon confirmed that broadcasting live virtual golf tournaments is the next step to satisfy the thirst for the sport in the region - although its popularity is not restricted to South Korea . James Day , director and founder of Urban Golf in the UK , admitted that virtual golf has a strong appeal outside of Asia and attract over 1000 customers a week to their two branches in London . "  Golf is changing at the moment and virtual golf has rewritten the rules of the game . For example , we do n't have a membership or a dress code and we provide the equipment so it is accessible to more people , " Day explained . "  There is a huge appetite for virtual golf and with over 500 people coming through the door at our two sites means we are set to open a two new places in the future to cope with the demand . "  The only disappointing thing is that there is has been little recognition by some of the official bodies within the game who do not seem as enthusiastic to embrace it . "  The ball tracking technology is exceptionally accurate and it is now at the level whereby it will reach a 100 percent accuracy in the next few years so virtual golf is becoming a serious practice option for professionals . " Dr Mark Smith , head of the Golf Education and Research Group at the University of Lincoln , admitted that a future talent could emerge having developed their game primarily through virtual play . He told CNN : "  Nothing beats playing golf in its purest form out on a proper outdoor course but the core skills can be developed , analyzed and improved on virtual machines . "  In theory there is nothing to prevent a player from rising through the virtual world and developing a level of ability with transferable skills to the outdoor game . "  And with the kind of statistics being talked about in Asia it would not be a surprise if a player came through the ranks whose first taste of the game had been on a computer screen rather than the course green . "	Most of the 260 golf courses in South Korea are expensive and oversubscribed Many players in the country enjoy virtual golf as a more accessible alternative Seven out of every 10 golf simulators sold globally are installed in South Korea Virtual golf can be a useful tool to hone technique on actual golf courses
CNN  -- Two American hikers held in Iran and accused of spying after straying across the unmarked border there have been married in California , an attorney said . Sarah Shourd and Shane Bauer married Saturday near the ocean , surrounded by some 200 family and friends , Ben Rosenfeld , a San Francisco attorney , said in a statement . "  Friends and family assumed roles at their wedding , in the same spirit of community which suffuses Sarah and Shane 's everyday lives , and which characterized the tireless broad support they received throughout their ordeal . Friends traveled from around the globe to be present . The group danced outside under the amorous cross-rays of Venus and a ` supermoon , ' " he said . The newlyweds have since left for their honeymoon . Shourd , Bauer and a third hiker -- Josh Fattal -- were arrested after straying across the unmarked border between Iraqi Kurdistan and Iran in July 2009 . Bauer proposed during their time in prison , fashioning an engagement ring from a thread of one of his shirts . Shourd was released in 2010 , and Bauer and Fattal were freed last year after 781 days in captivity and a trial for espionage that Bauer said was based on "  ridiculous lies . "	Sarah Shourd and Shane Bauer married Saturday near the ocean They , along with Josh Fattal , were arrested after straying across the border in 2009 Bauer proposed during their time in prison Shourd was released in 2010 , and Bauer and Fattal were freed last year
CNN Student News  -- May 5 , 2011 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Abbottabad , Pakistan • Mississippi County , Missouri • Alabama Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . ALLIE , ROWAN COUNTY MIDDLE SCHOOL STUDENT : Hi , I 'm Allie . SARAH , ROWAN COUNTY MIDDLE SCHOOL STUDENT : And I 'm Sarah . We 're from Rowan County Middle School in Morehead , Kentucky . We 'd like to recognize Ms. Hood , our social studies teacher . ALLIE : And tell her how much we appreciate her for what she does for us . BOTH STUDENTS : We love you , Ms. Hood ! CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : We love you too , Ms. Hood ! And all of you teachers out there as Teacher Appreciation Week continues . I 'm Carl Azuz . Your 10 minutes of commercial-free headlines start right now ! First Up : Photo Release Debate AZUZ : First up , President Obama is scheduled to meet with families of victims of the 9/11 terrorist attacks . The meeting 's scheduled for this morning . And they 're happening as he visits Ground Zero , the site of the World Trade Center , which was attacked on 9/11 . The visit comes days after Osama bin Laden -- the man responsible for the 9/11 attacks -- was killed by U.S. forces . That happened at this compound in Pakistan . Yesterday , President Obama said the government wo n't release any pictures of bin Laden 's body . This is a debate that 's been going on since the terrorist leader 's death . Should pictures be released as proof ? The government confirmed it was bin Laden through DNA testing , but some people say that 's not enough evidence ; they want to see proof . One argument is that releasing a photo could anger terrorists who might want to retaliate against the U.S. Another argument is that if the photos are going to get out eventually , the government should release them now , on its own terms . Today 's Daily Discussion questions at CNNStudentNews.com encourage you to consider the same questions that lawmakers are debating . What are the potential pros and cons of releasing these photos ? And how might different groups of people react if the photos ever are released ? Shoutout TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Today 's Shoutout goes out to Mrs. Tate 's social studies class at Laurens-Marathon Middle School in Laurens , Iowa ! Which of these special operations groups is part of the U.S. Navy ? You know what to do ! Is it : A  Force Recon , B  Green Berets , C  SEALs or D  Combat Controllers ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! SEALs are part of the U.S. Navy ; the name stands for Sea , Air and Land . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Mission Training AZUZ : Sea , air and land , because the SEALs are trained to operate in all of those environments . SEALs have been an integral part of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan . And it was a group of these elite troops who carried out the operation that killed Osama bin Laden in Pakistan . Chris Lawrence shows us how they trained for this mission . BEGIN VIDEO CHRIS LAWRENCE , CNN PENTAGON CORRESPONDENT : The team that killed Osama bin Laden had gone through thousands of scenarios for assaulting a compound , just like this group of Navy SEALs on U.S. soil . But the team that went after bin Laden was special , part of the Naval Special Warfare Development Group , or DEVGRU . STEW SMITH , FORMER NAVY SEAL : This SEAL team is the all-star of the SEAL teams . LAWRENCE : Stew Smith is a former SEAL who says the men in that raid have at least five years as special operators . SMITH : This SEAL team is based on combat experience . And all these guys probably have 100 , 200 missions . LAWRENCE : The CIA provided detailed satellite pictures of bin Laden 's compound , enough to build a replica where the SEAL team practiced . A senior defense official says for a time , they trained without knowing who their actual target was . But by Sunday , they knew the location of every gate and window in that compound , the exact height of the walls . JOHN BRENNAN , DEPUTY NATIONAL SECURITY ADVISOR : They operated according to that , and they did n't know when they got there exactly what some of the internal features of it would be . LAWRENCE : The defense official says by the time the SEALs ran out of the house with bin Laden 's body , they could probably count the exact number of steps to the helicopter outside . Special operator training is brutal . UNIDENTIFIED MALE : Let 's go , Johnson . Fletch just passed you up . LAWRENCE : But the men that took down bin Laden do n't necessarily look like linebackers . SMITH : They have a great deal of muscle . Just not everybody is massive . You know , you do n't have to be , you know , 6 ' 5 " , 250 pounds to be a SEAL . LAWRENCE : Two teams were supposed to fast rope down from the Blackhawks . But one helicopter had mechanical problems and had to land hard ; put one team directly on the ground . There was a contingency plan , and the SEALs scrambled out to continue their mission . SMITH : There 's a reason why they brought two helicopters . Because in the SEAL teams , we say two is one ; one is none . And , you know , they knew what to do even in the event of a downed helicopter . END VIDEO Levee Concerns AZUZ : Efforts to lower flood levels in the midwestern U.S. are working , but the threat is still there . We told you yesterday that officials are trying to help some communities by intentionally flooding other areas . We also talked about the tense debate over that plan . Rob Marciano is in Missouri , where this is happening . He filed this report yesterday on the explosive situation . BEGIN VIDEO ROB MARCIANO , AMS METEOROLOGIST : Day two of the exploding levee extravaganza . Extreme measures taken for , really , an extreme flood event . We have n't seen this level on the river here in Mississippi and along the Ohio since 1937 . And yesterday , they blew up a second levee . Take a look at this video . Extraordinary stuff , during the daytime . Soil and earth being blown above the tree tops . That is at the opposite end of this floodway , so that some of this water can begin to drain . This is farmland . This is now not so good farmland , at least for this year . And that has a lot of farmers upset . There 's class-action lawsuits happening , the state of Missouri not happy at all about this solution that they 've had . We tracked down one farmer , a retired farmer , old timer who was here during the 1930s flood . And here 's what he had to say about the situation . NORBERT ROLWING , RETIRED FARMER : Some of them are farming a lot of acres , and they 've just been lucky these last few years that they have n't had a flood . This is one of the things that happens once in a great while , and they just had to take it on the chin . MARCIANO : Not just farmers who are getting hit with this . Lot of towns are evacuated , a lot of homes are completely flooded out . Yesterday , we went out with the Illinois DNR and the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service , and they toured us around some areas that were really hit hard , Olive Branch among them . A lot of these folks are n't going to see the waters recede for several days , because what they have released here , now they 're releasing more water upstream that 's been held with all this rainfall . So , this is going to be a multiweek event that will be affecting millions of people all the way down into Louisiana . Reporting from Mississippi County , Missouri , I 'm Rob Marciano . END VIDEO Storm Aftermath AZUZ : The governor of Alabama says the road to recovery is going to be long and it 's gon na be tough as his state struggles through the impact of deadly storms . The University of Alabama held a moment of silence yesterday , exactly one week after a tornado hit the town of Tuscaloosa . In this iReport , one Alabama resident talks about his experiences following this storm . BEGIN VIDEO JOSH SPURGIN , TORNADO SURVIVOR , IREPORTER : Everyone , this is Josh Spurgin , or @GoTeamJosh on Twitter . We 're here at the remnants of my house from the tornadoes that came through on April 27 , 2011 . Tornadoes that came through and hit Alabama , Tennessee , Georgia , all the other states that were affected . If you look from my front porch here , I mean just in the general area , practically every house here is completely flattened . There are people down the road , neighbors of mine , that are now dead . I have cousins , aunts , uncles all around . Completely flattened houses . I mean , there 's trash and pictures , everything that 's been found hundreds of miles away from here by other people . We 're not here today to make you all upset and everything . I just wanted to make this video to thank those who have shown support to me , my family , friends of mine and others who 've been affected by the tragedy . We 've had plenty of support , me personally from people on Twitter , Facebook , everything . And I just wanted to thank everyone , so that 's what this video is going to be about . END VIDEO AZUZ : You heard Mr. Spurgin talk about Twitter and Facebook . He turned to social media to let people know what he 's going through , and social media is helping him recover , too . Celebrities that he contacted directly actually replied back to him , shared his story with others . Some simply asked , "  What can I do to help ? " Josh says it 's helped to raise awareness and raise donations for him and his family . Sometimes it only takes 140 characters to make that kind of difference . Before We Go AZUZ : Before we go , you 've heard the phrase "  lead by example . " Well , when a flash workout broke out during a "  Let 's Move " event in Washington , first lady Michelle Obama did just that . "  Let 's Move " is her campaign to fight childhood obesity , and this dance sequence was designed especially for it . These students might have known they were going to get down , but I bet they did n't expect to see the first lady getting down too . Goodbye AZUZ : But that 's the kind of experience that ca n't be beat . We 're gon na turn the beat around and step up for another edition of CNN Student News tomorrow . Bennett 's Mill Middle School : Thanks for visiting yesterday . We 'll see y' all soon .	Hear President Obama 's decision on releasing photos of Osama bin Laden Learn how a group of Navy SEALs trained for the bin Laden operation Discover how social media became an outlet for one Alabama storm victim Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
New York  CNN  -- Forget Punxsutawney Phil 's predictions . The words "  Play ball ! " are the most dependable sign that spring has arrived in America . Finally , baseball season is here . Maybe because it is an outdoor game , with a schedule stretching across three seasons . Maybe because it is a child 's game played by men , bridging the different times of our lives . But the start of the baseball season is always greeted with relief , a sign of rebirth and hope , that this year appropriately coincides with Easter . Winter is over . The bleak time has been survived . And slowly but soon the familiar rhythms of life will reassert themselves . This , as it 's referred to in the film "  Bull Durham , " is the church of baseball , open to all . It is a sport more appropriately known as a pastime , "  the national pastime . " The pace of the game is part of its charm -- meditation and strategy interspersed with furious action . The sounds of the game are the background track to summer . As a sport played without a clock , a baseball game occurs out of time . It could theoretically go on forever . The past is always present in baseball -- it is "  a haunted game , " as Ken Burns ' documentary "  Baseball " intones , with typically perfect pitch . The best players of today compete not just with the players in their league , but the best players of all time . Statistics are the unlikely portal to this bit of metaphysics . Fans can compare players of different eras and dream up their own all-time all-star team . This is another reason to love the game : Baseball can inspire young fans to see the fun in math and history . I am a Yankees fan , first minted in 1979 , looking up at a poster of Ron Guidry , Willie Randolph and Greg Nettles -- meaning that I waited 17 years to see them return to World Series-winning form . It was a case of bad timing : I stayed true when just about everyone my age in New York was rooting for the Mets in their championship 1986 season . This takes not quite as much character as remaining a Chicago Cubs fan , but it 's somewhere in the same ballpark . Now with the Yankee players of the legendary late 1990s teams reaching the twilight of their careers , I am not expecting to win our division this year , let alone see the World Series . But with the start of the new season , a blank slate in front of us , the possibility exists , and that in itself is liberating . As much as I love the Yankees , I love the game of baseball more . Which is why I always harbor a secret hope on opening day that the long-suffering Cubs fans will finally get to see a World Series win in their antique jewel of a ballpark , Wrigley Field . I want to see baseball tradition and fan faith rewarded . Even when the Yankees ' archrivals , the Boston Red Sox , won their 2004 World Series after 86 years of waiting , I quietly cheered , because New England fans had waited long enough and deserved some deliverance . The love of the game comes first . These are a fan 's notes before opening day , a rambling love letter to a game that still surprises me with how much I miss it in the offseason . None of these thoughts or emotions is entirely original , but they are from the heart . The church of baseball has many hymns , from Ken Burns ' epic "  Baseball , " to films like "  The Natural " and "  Field of Dreams , " to books like "  The Boys of Summer . " Sports columnists like Red Smith , Jim Murray and Shirley Povich captured enduring moments in the newspapers of their day . But the finest tribute , to my eyes and ears , came from the typewriter of Bart Giamatti , the one-time president of Yale and Red Sox fan , who died of a heart attack at the age of 51 , just 154 days into his tenure as the commissioner of baseball : "  It is designed to break your heart , " he wrote . "  The game begins in the spring , when everything else begins again , and it blossoms in the summer , filling the afternoons and evenings , and then as soon as the chill rains come , it stops and leaves you to face the fall alone . " But this is the beginning of the season . The knowledge that "  this too will pass " takes away none of the thrill that comes with new beginnings . There are green outfields and long summer days ahead of us . The story of this season is about to be written and we will all get to be witnesses . Finally . Again . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Avlon .	The start of the baseball season coincides with Easter this year John Avlon says the church of baseball is open to all Avlon : Return of baseball is a reliable sign of spring and a moment to savor
CNN  -- The expansive , stalled Tropical Storm Debby lashed Florida on Sunday , spawning apparent tornadoes in the central part of the state that killed one woman , a county spokeswoman said . Gloria Rybinski , emergency operations spokeswoman for Highland County , said two twisters destroyed four homes in the southern end of the county and damaged others . The woman was found dead in a home in Venus , located in the middle of the state roughly between Port St. Lucie and Sarasota , Rybinski said . In addition , a child in one of the affected homes was injured and transported to a hospital for treatment . Packing 60 mph winds , Debby 's eye was still 115 miles south-southwest of Apalachiocola , Florida  and 195 miles east-southeast of the mouth of the Mississippi River in Louisiana  according to the National Hurricane Center 's 7 p.m.  8 p.m. ET  Sunday update . Even so , it 's already made a big impact -- and is likely to cause damage , flooding and worse for days to come . In fact , the heart of the storm was churning but not moving in the Gulf of Mexico on Sunday evening , and forecasters still do n't know where it will end up . "  Little movement is expected during the next couple of days , but this forecast remains uncertain due to weak steering currents , " the Miami-based center said . "  Some gradual strengthening is possible during the next 48 hours . " Follow Bay News 9 's live blog Offshoot tornadoes , like the ones that seemed to hit Highland County , are one major concern . The National Weather Service had tornado warnings out , indicating a high likelihood of a twister strike , in spots off-and-on throughout the day Sunday , and a less severe tornado watch is in effect for much of western Florida through 5 a.m. Monday . And even if tornadoes do n't occur , the combination of relentless rains and strong winds has proven enough to cause big problems . The sprawling system 's tropical storm force winds of 39 mph or stronger extend out 200 miles from its center . Such sustained winds were recorded early Sunday evening in several spots on the Florida Panhandle , west of Apalachicola . Debbie Ponceti said wind was pushing run underneath the door to her home in Madeira Beach , about 10 miles east of St. Petersburg , while her front lawn has been reduced to mush and waters in a lagoon near her house are steadily rising . There was been no let up in the powerful rain , which is forecast to continue through Tuesday . "  Typically when a thunderstorm happens , it is over in 20 minutes , " Ponceti told CNN iReport . "  But this has been going on all day . " In nearby Redington Beach , fellow iReporter Keri Ann Eversole said winds appeared to be blowing between 40 to 50 miles per hour . "  The rain was coming down sideways , " Eversole said . "  It  felt like glass . " Fire and rescue personnel in nearby Clearwater responded to 30 calls in an hour , as of 6 p.m. Sunday , to help people stranded in their cars due to the flooding or needing urgent medical help , the city 's public safety spokeswoman Elizabeth Watts said . Beach areas were "  basically underwater , " as were many side streets and at least two major thoroughfares -- U.S. Highway 19 and Gulf to Bay Boulevard . Mandatory evacuation orders were issued for Alligator Point . St. George Island and other low-lying areas in Franklin County on the Florida Panhandle , the Federal Emergency Management Agency said in a Sunday night news release . Just to the east and also on the Gulf coast , voluntary evacuations are being encouraged in parts of Taylor and Wakulla counties . And high winds have prompted authorities to shut down the Sunshine Skyway bridge on Interstate 275 connecting St. Petersburg and Bradenton , Florida , said Elizabeth LaRotonda with St. Petersburg police . The hurricane center said tropical storm conditions will extend for the entire area from the Mississippi-Alabama line eastward to the Suwannee River , Florida , by night 's end . Beyond that , the new forecast track showed Debby remaining a tropical storm as it moves northward and makes landfall , possibly Thursday , on the Florida Panhandle . However , forecasters warned Debby 's track remained uncertain and said the "  new official track remains a low-confidence forecast . " Debby should dump 10 to 15 inches of rain in the Florida Panhandle and elsewhere in northern Florida before it 's done , the hurricane center said , with as much as 25 inches possible in spots . Central Florida and southeast Georgia will likely be drenched with 5 to 10 inches , with smaller but still significant precipitation amounts in parts of coastal Alabama , southeastern Louisiana and south Florida . "  Given the recent heavy rainfall and wet soil conditions , these additional amounts will exacerbate the threat of flooding across portions of the central and eastern Gulf coast , " the weather service said . The combination of a storm surge and the high tide could cause 4 to 6 feet of flooding at Florida 's Apalachee Bay to Waccasassa Bay , forecasters said . Parts of Florida 's west coast and coastal Mississippi could see 2 to 4 feet deep waters . The storm has raised concerns for those working on 596 manned oil and gas production platforms throughout the Gulf , run by various companies . One of them , Shell , said in a statement Sunday morning that it had evacuated 360 staff the previous day and was planning further evacuations . ExxonMobil said it has "  evacuated nonessential personnel " from its offshore facilities and is preparing to evacuate the rest . And BP spokesman Brett Clanton said early Sunday evening that "  we 've evacuated the majority of our offshore personnel in the Gulf of Mexico " due to Tropical Storm Debby . "  Those unable to be evacuated will shelter in place for the storm , " he said . Even though it was far from clear it would hit Louisiana , officials in that state were n't taking any chances -- with Terrebonne Parish and Lafourche Parish among those issuing precautionary states of emergency , after the governor did the same . In Plaquemines Parish , the state 's southernmost parish , authorities were using baskets and tubes to keep Highway 23 -- the parish 's main evacuation and emergency route -- free of water should the 4-foot levees be topped , said Billy Nungesser , parish president . The levees were being sandbagged as an additional precaution "  We want to be ahead of that as a precautionary measure , " Nungesser said . The area is forecast to get a storm surge of 2 to 4 feet , he said -- "  with a direct hit , if it goes up a little bit more , we 'll have those levees topped . " First day of summer , and the Northeast sure feels it Minnesota , Wisconsin residents cope with deadly flooding CNN 's Jake Carpenter , Ashley Hayes , Jareen Imam , Stephanie Gallman , Greg Botelho , Marlena Baldacci and Vivian Kuo contributed to this report .	NEW : Voluntary and mandatory evacuation orders are issued for the Florida Panhandle Debby is stationary about 115 miles from shore , forecasters say 1 woman is killed and a child is injured by apparent tornadoes in central Florida , an official says Up to 25 inches of rain are possible in some spots by the time the storm is done
CNN  -- The immediate future of the ATP Tour 's showpiece event was confirmed on Wednesday , and that news was quickly followed by proof that men 's tennis has another classic rivalry to savor . Novak Djokovic and Andy Murray are longtime friends , but their on-court clashes are showing all the hallmarks of following Federer-Nadal , Borg-McEnroe , Sampras-Agassi and Edberg-Becker in the annals of modern greats . Murray may have had the better of their meetings at the Olympics and the U.S. Open , but Djokovic hit back in Shanghai and now the Serbian has a 9-7 career advantage after another tight tussle in London . The UK capital 's hosting of the ATP World Tour Finals has been confirmed for the next three years , ending fears that it would move because of top players ' unhappiness over the country 's tax laws for top earners . Murray and Djokovic make winning starts at ATP finals Djokovic won the season-ending tournament in 2008 , its last year in Shanghai , but has not reached the final since . Last year he did n't even make it out of the group stage , fading with fatigue after a breakthrough 12 months that he ended as world No. 1 , but Wednesday 's 4-6 6-3 7-5 win in more than two and half hours was his second in a row this week . It was a match that see-sawed either way , leaving world No. 3 Murray needing to win his third and final match against Jo-Wilfried Tsonga on Friday if he is to progress in the elite eight-man event . Tsonga also has a win and a loss after being beaten 7-5 3-6 6-1 by Tomas Berdych in Wednesday 's late match . "  It was another great match , another great performance from both of us . I hope that people who watched it agree with my opinion , " said Djokovic , who plays his final match against sixth-ranked Czech Berdych . "  I did n't expect anything less other than a tough match that went down the wire and was decided on the last point . " It was the sort of match that has helped bring in 250,000 people each year to London 's O2 Arena . "  This week we look forward to welcoming our one millionth fan through the gates since 2009 , " ATP Tour chief executive Brad Drewett said after announcing the extension of the tournament 's sponsorship deal with banking group Barclays . "  We thank every one of these passionate tennis fans for helping to create the electrifying atmosphere at The O2 , which has offered a spectacular stage for our biggest event . " While the tournament , which attracted a television audience of 70 million viewers in 184 countries last year , does not have the prestige of the sport 's four grand slams , the stakes are high -- the prize purse increased to $ 5.5 million this year and will climb to $ 6.5 million by 2014 . Murray cut a forlorn figure last year when he pulled out after his opening match due to injury , but this season he has won his first grand slam under the tutelage of Ivan Lendl -- a five-time winner of the ATP showpiece . "  In about the last two minutes of the match probably is what decided it , " the Scot said of his latest clash with Djokovic . "  He broke from 15-40 and then I had 15-40 in the next game and did n't break . "  I think both of us probably see each other 's games pretty well . Especially this year , because we 've played so much . You kind of know a little bit what to expect . "  I think that 's why all the matches , especially the last few , have been so close and decided by a few points . The intensity of my matches with him have been extremely high this year . "  I think both of us probably have seen things in each other 's games improve and that 's why there 's a lot of long rallies and the matches are incredibly tight . " They both have some way to go before matching Roger Federer , who has won the tournament a record six times and on Wednesday was named the ATP Tour 's most popular player by fans for the 10th year in a row . The 31-year-old , who conceded the year-end No. 1 ranking to Djokovic when he decided against defending his Paris title last week , also won the ATP 's top sportsmanship award -- voted for by his peers -- for the eighth time in his career . "  We have great matches all over the world , and the recognition is a great feeling . We 're trying to inspire the next generation , " said the 17-time grand slam champion , who beat Janko Tipsarevic in his opening round-robin match on Tuesday .	World No. 1 Novak Djokovic beats third-ranked Andy Murray at ATP World Tour Finals Serbian wins his second successive match to move closer to a semifinal place Murray needs to win his third and final match on Friday to go through in London The tournament will stay in UK capital for the next three years after extending deal
CNN  -- More than 20,000 civilians were killed in the final months of Sri Lanka 's civil war -- nearly three times previous estimates , The Times newspaper in Britain reported Friday . Refugees gather behind barbed wire at one of Sri Lanka 's camps for those displaced by recent fighting . The Times said it had acquired confidential U.N. documents that record nearly 7,000 civilian deaths in the no-fire zone up to the end of April . The toll then surged , the paper quoted unidentified U.N. sources as saying , with an average of 1,000 civilians killed each day until May 19 , when the government declared victory over the Tamil Tiger rebels . That means the final death toll is more than 20,000 , The Times said . "  Higher , " a U.N. source told the paper . "  Keep going . " The United Nations has previously said 7,000 civilians were killed in fighting between January and May . A top Sri Lankan official called the 20,000 figure unfounded . Gordon Weiss , a U.N. spokesman in Sri Lanka , told CNN that a large number of civilians were killed -- though he did not confirm the 20,000 figure . "  Up until a certain point , we had very good evidence to show that there were about 7,000 people that were killed , " he said . "  Then the intense battle kicked in and there were many more deaths , but we did n't know exactly how many . "  Things went really bad " after the battle began , Weiss said . "  After this , our sources were not able to go out and check those figures . It was based on an extrapolation from what we had seen in the past and also judging from the number of dead bodies that were brought into the hospital . " The declaration of victory by Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa brought an end to a 26-year civil war . The rebels began their fight for independence for the minority Tamils in July 1983 , and since then , at least 70,000 people have died . The fighting intensified at the start of the year . Government troops managed to pin the rebels to a small strip of land in the country 's north , a conflict zone that trapped thousands of civilians . Sri Lankan Foreign Secretary Palitha Kohona called the 20,000 figure "  absolutely unfounded , with no basis of fact . " He accused the newspaper of bias . "  The Times have been carrying on a campaign and has been using us , " Kohona told CNN 's Don Riddell . "  Sri Lanka succeeded in eliminating a deadly terrorist group and we also rescued 260,000 hostages , and now The Times wants to turn the clock back and make the allegations , which are unfounded . " Sri Lanka will investigate the number and causes of civilian deaths , Kohona said . "  This is a country where the rule of law prevails and these matters will come out into the open as things settle down , " he added . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon visited some of the Sri Lankan refugee camps on Saturday and said they were "  by far the most appalling scenes I have seen . "	UK paper claims death toll in final months of Sri Lanka conflict more than 20,000 More than 1,000 civilians killed daily in April-May , Times claims Death toll estimates based on confidential U.N. documents , U.N. sources Sri Lankan government declared victory over Tamil separatists May 19
CNN  -- The future of around 2,000 Dutch soldiers serving in Afghanistan has been thrown into doubt by the collapse Saturday of the Netherlands ' coalition government . Dutch Prime Minister Jan Peter Balkenende 's office said in a statement that the Labor Party had withdrawn from the government following days of talks over whether the troops should be brought home . Balkenende 's center-right Christian Democratic Alliance had hoped to keep the country 's troops in Afghanistan as part of NATO 's International Security and Assistance Force beyond an August deadline for their return . NATO Secretary-General Anders Fogh Rasmussen asked the Netherlands to extend its mission in Afghanistan earlier this month . The Netherlands currently has 1,950 troops serving in Afghanistan 's Uruzgan province as part of NATO 's International Security and Assistance Force , according to the ISAF Web site . The Dutch government extended the military mission by two years back in 2007 . But the Labor Party , led by Deputy Prime Minister Wouter Bos , opposed fulfilling NATO 's request to extend the mission again . Bos said that the current Afghanistan policy was not sustainable , according to the official ANP news agency . In a statement to reporters , Balkenende said there was no longer a "  fruitful path " for the near-three-year-old coalition between the CDA , Labor and the Christian Union to go forward . He said he would meet Queen Beatrix , the country 's head of state , later Saturday to offer the resignations of the 12 Labor members of his cabinet and "  make available " the 12 cabinet positions held by his own party and three held by the Christian Union . The move is expected to trigger early general elections in the country . Balkenende has led a succession of coalitions since becoming prime minister in 2002 . The CDA , Labor and Christian Union entered into a coalition agreement in February 2007 following elections in November 2006 . But the three parties have disagreed on several issues including Afghanistan .	Labor Party members quit the coalition government after talks fail Speculation that the political squabble over Afghanistan could not be settled The Netherlands has roughly 2,000 troops serving in Afghanistan 's Uruzgan province
Like a wounded animal lashing out in fury , ISIS is betraying hints of desperation in its latest video , which purportedly shows the aftermath of the beheading of U.S. hostage Peter Kassig , analysts said Sunday . And if there 's news worse than the apparent brutal death of Kassig , it 's that we should expect even more vicious videos to come from the group , also known by the acronym ISIL , said Haras Rafiq of the Quiliam Foundation , an anti-extremist think tank . "  As we see the U.S. and the coalition making gains against ISIL , we will find that they try and show that they are still strong , try and show that they are just as barbaric as they have been , and unfortunately one of the things we 'll see is that the videos will become more and more barbaric , " he said . "  I think it 's a sign of desperation , " he said . "  I think it 's a sign that they know and feel they are under attack , they 're under siege and they 're struggling . " The video , released online Sunday , shows the aftermath of a beheading , in which the victim is not clearly recognizable . The White House confirmed that the video showed Kassig . Kassig , 26 , who converted to Islam in captivity , also went by the name Abdul-Rahman Kassig . He went to the Middle East as a U.S. soldier and returned as a medical worker , feeling compelled to help victims of war . The video does show -- in gruesome detail -- the beheadings of what the group claims are pilots for the Syrian government , which is also battling ISIS forces . "  It ca n't be said enough , " said CNN 's Nic Robertson . "  This is the most barbaric they 've done so far . " The carefully produced video is clearly "  a prize piece of propaganda for them , " Robertson says . It also differs from others produced by ISIS . It does n't feature a Western hostage dressed in orange speaking to the camera before his death . Nor does it name the group 's next victim . It is likely in part meant to scare Syrians and Iraqis into obeying ISIS ' orders when it comes calling , said Rafiq and retired U.S. Army Lt. Col. Joe Ruffini , a counterterrorism expert . "  What ISIS is telling them is , ` When we come in and tell you to do what we tell you , you know what the consequences are if you say no , ' " Ruffini said . But it also comes at a time when the United States and its anti-ISIS allies are claiming their airstrikes and support for ground forces fighting the group are beginning to slowly turn the tide , said retired U.S. Maj. Gen. James "  Spider " Marks . Has ISIS peaked ? Terror group suffers setbacks in Iraq It also comes during a visit to Iraq by the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , Gen. Martin Dempsey . "  Clearly there are no coincidences , " Marks told CNN on Sunday . "  This is timed very specifically to those activities by the coalition and , I would say , the results of those activities . " Since beginning airstrikes in August , U.S. officials have touted successes in disrupting ISIS communications and logistics , slowing its advances and forcing fighters to disperse into smaller formations . Last week , President Barack Obama said the fight was entering a new phase that would rely heavily on Iraqi ground troops and other local fighters . More recently , U.S. officials have suggested more openness to a role for U.S. ground forces in the fight . In testimony to the House Armed Services Committee on Thursday , Dempsey said commanders are "  certainly considering " the prospect that U.S. forces might be needed to retake the Iraqi city of Mosul , currently held by ISIS . In Sunday 's video , the narrator taunted Obama to do just that . Hostages tortured before beheadings	Video in part aimed at local residents , analysts say Video suggests ISIS is feeling the sting of U.S. and coalition airstrikes , analysts say Release timed to counter coalition claims that ISIS fight is succeeding , retired general says Unfortunately , even more barbaric videos are likely , they say
London  CNN  -- British Prime Minister David Cameron will cut short his trip to South Africa to deal with the nation 's phone-hacking scandal , his office confirmed Monday -- another day of dizzying developments that also saw a second top police official resign and the announcement of a broader police corruption probe . The day also brought the death of a key figure in the allegations . Former News of the World reporter Sean Hoare , who told the New York Times in 2010 that former newspaper editor Andy Coulson encouraged him and other reporters to hack into the voice-mail accounts of public figures , was found dead , according to the British Press Association . Hertfordshire police confirmed that a man 's body was found and "  pronounced dead at the scene shortly after . " The death is "  being treated as unexplained , but not thought to be suspicious , " the department said in a written statement . Britain is in an uproar over the scandal , which has cast its shadow not just across British journalism , but also Scotland Yard and the prime minister 's office . It began with the phone-hacking allegations involving reporters from News of the World -- which led its parent company , Rupert Murdoch 's News Corporation , to shut it down -- and quickly broadened into claims that journalists had paid police for confidential information . It has led to the resignations of the commissioner and assistant commissioner of London 's Metropolitan Police , known as Scotland Yard , forced the closure of one of the country 's best-selling newspapers and resulted in 10 arrests . Among those arrested is Rebekah Brooks , the former News of the World editor and News International executive who resigned after the scandal broke . It also forced the resignation of Coulson , who quit as Cameron 's communications director in January as the scandal began to heat up . Coulson was News of the World editor when one of the newspaper 's reporters and a private investigator were sent to prison after pleading guilty to phone hacking in 2007 . "  I do n't think anybody anticipated that it would snowball in this fairly dramatic way , " said Jef McAllister , a London-based lawyer and former bureau chief for Time Magazine . Cameron said Monday that he 'll request a special session of Parliament on Wednesday to address the scandal , even flying back early from South Africa . "  I think it may well be right to have Parliament meet on Wednesday so I can make a further statement , update the House on the final parts of this judicial inquiry and answer any further questions , " he said . Cameron was referring to a broader corruption probe announced in Parliament on Monday by Home Secretary Theresa May amid allegations that police accepted payments from journalists in exchange for confidential information . May said she would ask Her Majesty 's Inspectorate of Constabulary to examine "  instances of undue influence , inappropriate contractual relationships and other abuses of power . " The inspectorate is a division of the Home Office that inspects and reviews police forces in Britain to ensure they operate according to standards . The allegations are part of a widening scandal that began with revelations that journalists working for the News of the World newspaper had eavesdropped on the phone of a missing girl , Milly Dowler , and deleted some of her messages to make room for more . She was later found dead . Already , Metropolitan Police Commissioner Paul Stephenson has resigned on Sunday and the assistant commissioner , John Yates , on Monday after being caught up in the scandal . Yates ruled two years ago that there was no reason to pursue an investigation into phone hacking by journalists . He has since called his decision "  crap . " He was due to be suspended when he quit , the Metropolitan Police Authority said . He denied Monday he had done anything wrong , saying in a prepared statement that he feared the scandal and allegations against him would be a distraction as London prepares to host the 2012 summer Olympics . "  I have acted with complete integrity and my conscience is clear , " he said . Stephenson quit after revelations a former News of the World executive editor , Neil Wallis , was hired as a communications consultant for the police . "  I carry ultimate responsibility for the position we find ourselves in , " Stephenson told reporters . "  With hindsight , I wish we had judged some matters involved in this affair differently . I did n't and that 's it . " Stephenson stressed Sunday that he had behaved ethically , but decided to resign because increased scrutiny may burden his department and detract from its accomplishments . He also denied Wallis , who was arrested in the probe , was involved in phone hacking when he was brought on as a consultant . Such denials , though , did n't halt the Independent Police Complaints Commission from announcing Monday that Yates and Stephenson are among four current or former senior London police officials it has been asked to investigate . The complaints against Yates include his role in failing to pursue a 2009 investigation into allegations of phone hacking , as well as claims he was inappropriately involved in getting a job for a friend 's daughter , the commission said . The commission said it will look into Stephenson 's overall role in the initial investigation into phone hacking , as well as that of two other unnamed officers . May told Parliament that , in addition to the inspectorate 's inquiry , she also will consider additional resources and powers for the Independent Police Complaints Commission . She also has asked Elizabeth Filkin , former parliamentary commissioner for standards , to evaluate ethical considerations that should guide police relationships with the media . The management board of the Metropolitan Police has already agreed to new standards regarding its officers ' relations with media , including recording meetings between police and reporters and publishing information on the Internet , May said . "  Mr. Speaker , there is nothing more important than the public 's trust in the police to do their work without fear or favor , " she said . Parliament is set to meet Tuesday , when hearings scheduled on the scandal . Brooks is due to appear alongside Murdoch and his son James , a News Corporation executive . Earlier Monday , a spokesman for Brooks said the former editor 's Sunday arrest by police would not interfere with her plans to testify . She was released on bail until October , police and her spokesman , David Wilson , said . Brooks ' lawyer , Steven Parkinson , said Monday she is not guilty of any crime . He warned that police need to consider the damage they had inflicted on her reputation after arresting her and questioning her for nine hours , but not putting any charges or documents before her . Her husband got swept up in the scandal Monday , with the allegation he 'd been trying to discard evidence after investigators found a bag in a trash bin near the couple 's house . Brooks ' spokesman , David Wilson , told CNN the bag had been brought there by a friend of Brooks ' husband , Charlie Brooks , before being tossed by a cleaner or security guard . Wilson said he and three others in the apartment building were looking for the bag when police arrived , hoping to collect it . The spokesman insisted that authorities would discover quickly that the material inside the bag is irrelevant to the investigation and "  has nothing to do with Rebekah . " Brooks , who resigned Friday as chief executive of News International , is one of 10 people arrested in connection with the phone-hacking probe and the fourth arrested in the bribery investigation , according to police . Police said Monday that they will take no further action against one of the people who was arrested , a 34-year-old woman . British press reports identified her as Laura Elston of the Press Association , who is thought to be the only person not working for Murdoch who has been arrested in the probe . News Corporation itself got hacked late Monday , when the hacker group LulzSec claimed credit for targeting The Sun , one of the British papers under the conglomerate 's media umbrella . It redirected those on the paper 's website to a false story claiming Murdoch had been found dead in his garden . Soon after that link was taken down , those going to the Sun 's website were redirected to LulzSec 's Twitter page . The hacks that have gotten investigators ' attention are alleged to have been done by News Corporation employees . Police in the United Kingdom have identified almost 4,000 potential targets of phone hacking in documents recovered from a private investigator working for News of the World . The FBI is also investigating News Corporation after a report that employees or associates may have tried to hack into phone conversations and voice mail of September 11 survivors , victims and their families . An FBI spokesperson added Monday the investigative agency was "  aware of the media reports " that actor Jude Law was hacked in the United States and that News Corporation had settled several lawsuits with American businesses , but said there would be no official comment "  since these matters are under review . " Murdoch 's News Corp. encompasses Fox News , The Wall Street Journal , the New York Post , and Harper Collins publishers in the United States . News International -- a British subsidiary of News Corp. -- owns the Sun , The Times and The Sunday Times in Britain . CNN 's Richard Allen Greene , Laura Perez Maestro , Andreena Narayan , Atika Shubert , Anna Stewart , Bharati Naik and Tom Watkins contributed to this report .	NEW : The hacker group LulzSec hacks the website of the Sun , another Murdoch paper NEW : The FBI says it is "  aware " of reports related to News Corp. hacking in the U.S. A special parliamentary session is planned for Wednesday to delve into the scandal A man reported to be a critical News of the World whistleblower is found dead
Utah officials have asked the U.S. Supreme Court to immediately block enforcement of a federal judge 's ruling allowing same-sex couples to be legally married in the state . An emergency appeal was filed on Tuesday with Justice Sonia Sotomayor , who could rule herself or ask the rest of the court to weigh in . Any action from the high court would be limited and temporary and would not be the final word on the constitutionality of the state 's ban on same-sex marriage . A Denver-based federal appeals court will take up the larger issues on an expedited basis in coming weeks , but in the meantime has allowed those marriages to take place . Sotomayor told lawyers for a group of gay and lesbian couples who brought the initial legal challenge to respond to the state 's latest appeal by noon Friday . The Supreme Court could then issue an order on the enforcement question . U.S. District Court Judge Robert Shelby struck down Utah 's ban on same-sex marriage on December 20 , saying the law conflicted with equal protection and due process guarantees under the U.S. Constitution . Utah voters approved a law banning same-sex marriage in 2004 . Shelby 's ruling drew national attention partly because Utah is viewed as being among the more conservative states and because the U.S. Supreme Court just ruled this past summer on separate issues involving same-sex marriage . In June , the nation 's highest court cleared the way for same-sex marriages in California to resume after it ruled private parties did not have "  standing " to defend California 's voter-approved ballot measure barring gay and lesbian couples from state-sanctioned wedlock . The justices also rejected parts of the federal Defense of Marriage Act  DOMA  in a 5-4 decision , concluding same-sex spouses legally married in a state may receive federal benefits such as tax breaks . In the Utah case , the state argued Tuesday that numerous same-sex marriages "  are now occurring " daily in Utah as a result of the district court decision . "  And each one is an affront not only to the interests of the states and its citizens in being able to define marriage through ordinary democratic channels , but also to this  high  court 's unique role as final arbiter of the profoundly important question it so carefully preserved " in the DOMA case , the state said . The federal judge 's ruling prompted a rush of same-sex couples to courthouses in Utah where they obtained marriage licenses , despite the state 's ongoing legal challenge . Utah Gov. Gary Herbert had criticized Shelby 's ruling , calling him "  an activist federal judge . " Shelby , appointed to the bench last year by President Barack Obama , said the state 's "  current laws deny its gay and lesbian citizens their fundamental right to marry and , in so doing , demean the dignity of these same-sex couples for no rational reason . Accordingly , the court finds that these laws are unconstitutional . " Same-sex marriage is banned by constitutional amendment or state law in : Alabama , Alaska , Arizona , Arkansas , Colorado , Florida , Georgia , Idaho , Indiana , Kansas , Kentucky , Louisiana , Michigan , Mississippi , Missouri , Montana , Nebraska , Nevada , North Carolina , North Dakota , Ohio , Oklahoma , Oregon , Pennsylvania , South Carolina , South Dakota , Tennessee , Texas , Virginia , West Virginia , Wisconsin and Wyoming . It is legal in 17 other states and the District of Columbia : California , Connecticut , Delaware , Hawaii , Illinois , Iowa , Maine , Maryland , Massachusetts , Minnesota , New Hampshire , New Jersey , New Mexico , New York , Rhode Island , Vermont and Washington . Sotomayor handles emergency appeals from Utah and other nearby states . The same-sex marriage case is Herbert v. Kitchen .	State seeks immediate ruling from high court Emergency appeal filed with Justice Sonia Sotomayor A federal judge struck down Utah 's same-sex marriage ban just weeks ago Utah voters approved the ban in 2004
CNN  -- Last week offered a grim parade of perspectives on the nature of terror and danger in the United States and in the modern world . The Boston Marathon bombings , the Texas fertilizer plant explosion , the earthquake in China , to name but a few . But the week also offered a glimpse of the way we have come to understand violent acts that affect us : Here in the United States we observe a hierarchy of terror . It works like this : The media and seemingly the rest of the U.S. public care most when a terrorist is successful , foreign , Islamic , and thus resonant with what has become the touchstone of our views on terror : 9/11 . For such cases , no coverage or government action is too excessive . We care when casualty tolls , as measured in American lives , are high and the villain is easy to point a camera at , easy to fit into our predetermined definition of what a villain is  see point 1 . When the terrorist is a crank or is unsuccessful , we care less . When the terror happens to Iraqis or Syrians or others far from us , we care less . When the terror is not perpetrated by an individual but is perhaps the result of the actions or inactions of a company , a government body , a special interest group or nature , our concern does not approach the level it does when there is a bad guy , a foreign connection , an experience that recalls earlier terror experiences  no matter how tenuous  . There has been an extraordinary panoply of tragedies in the past week on which to test this theory . On Monday we witnessed in horror the attack on the Boston Marathon . Within a day we learned of ricin-laced letters targeting members of the U.S. Senate and later in the week , the president himself . By Wednesday afternoon , the perpetrator in the letter attacks was arrested . Around 8 p.m. that evening , an explosion at a fertilizer plant in Texas devastated a town of 2,800 , killing 14 and injuring 200 others . By Thursday evening , the manhunt for the Boston bombers had resulted in the identification of the two bombers , the gruesome end of one of them and , sadly , the death of another victim , a 26-year-old MIT police officer . This news rocked us , but it should also have been put into perspective by events elsewhere . The same day as the Boston Marathon attack , scores of ordinary people were killed in coordinated terror bombings across Iraq . On Saturday , an earthquake rocked Sichuan province in China , injuring at least 11,000 people and producing a death toll that at this writing was approaching 200 . On Sunday alone the violence that tears daily at Syria left more than 500 people dead , most in a single town . Finally , while America was galvanized by the swift action of authorities in responding to the Boston Marathon attacks , we also saw midweek starkly contrasting government inaction in the face of a much bigger threat : that posed by gun violence in America . More than three times as many Americans will die in gun homicides this year as died on 9/11 and more than 10 times as many will die of gun violence of one sort or another . Yet , the United States Senate demonstrated this week that it does not see this as a problem of any great urgency . Truly , it appears not all terror is created equal . But this is not all we 've learned about terror this past week . We saw anew that we can not ever eliminate its threat , but that when cities react calmly and with courage , the impact of attacks can be limited and the goal of the terrorist to produce mayhem can be defeated . And we saw in the well-trained first responders , effective mail screening facilities and impressively swift law enforcement pursuit of wrongdoers that the investment we have made in preparation has paid off . The Boston attack has also compelled us to consider terror 's hidden costs . In debating whether or not to read Dzhokhar Tsarnaev his Miranda rights and in shutting down an entire city in search of a single 19-year-old , we brushed up again against debates that have raged throughout this past decade . What is a proportional response to terror ? When would it be better to treat a threat as a criminal matter to be handled within our basic system of laws and when should it be treated more aggressivelyâ $ " even to the point of suspending basic elements of due process , as in the suggestion by some to treat Dzhokhar Tsarnaev as an enemy combatant ? Or do we do damage to our national reputation and character as we did in the decade past with the contra-constitutional provisions of the Patriot Act or our actions at Abu Ghraib or Guantanamo ? In short , once again we must ask , how much damage are we doing to ourselves in our efforts to stay safe or pursue justice ? Terror and terrorists are real and their stories are compelling , but we ought to remember that by far the biggest threats we face come from elsewhereâ $ " from what might be corporate negligence or greed ; from natural disasters or the heedless abuse of the environment ; from people who find it far too easy to get their hands on guns or from leaders who twist their interpretation of the Constitution to overreact to one threat even while ignoring and exacerbating another . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Rothkopf	David Rothkopf : Reaction to recent disasters shows people in U.S. follow hierarchy of terror He says they care when terrorist is successful , foreign , Islamic and strikes U.S. He says we overlook danger likely to affect us , like Senate inaction on guns , Syria slaughter Rothkopf : Boston made us weigh our priorities in handling terror , such as due process
Washington  CNN  -- In a preview of a major constitutional showdown at the Supreme Court over same-sex marriage , the Obama administration said on Friday that a federal law denying financial benefits to legally wed gay and lesbian couples is unconstitutional . The Justice Department filed the first of a series of briefs in a pair of cases dealing with the multilayered issue , outlining the executive branch 's positions . The high court will hear oral arguments next month on the Defense of Marriage Act  DOMA  , a 1996 congressional law that says for federal purposes , marriage is defined as only between one man and one woman . That means federal tax , Social Security , pension , and bankruptcy benefits , and family medical leave protections -- do not apply to gay and lesbian couples . This case deals with Edith "  Edie " Windsor , forced to assume an estate tax bill much larger than other married couples would have to pay . Because her decades-long partner was a woman , the federal government did not recognize the same-sex marriage in legal terms , even though their home state of New York did . But now , led by President Barack Obama 's recent political about-face , the administration opposes the law . "  Moral opposition to homosexuality , though it may reflect deeply held personal views , is not a legitimate policy objective that can justify unequal treatment of gay and lesbian people " contained in the DOMA law , Solicitor General Donald Verrilli said in the Justice Department 's legal brief . The separate case from California deals with Proposition 8 , a 2008 voter-approved referendum banning same-sex marriage . This after the California high court had earlier concluded same-sex couples could legally wed. . That case too will be heard in late March . Though not a party in the California case , government sources say the Justice Department was prepared next week to file an "  amicus " or supporting brief asserting a constitutional right to same-sex marriage , and that Proposition 8 should be struck down as a violation of constitutionally guaranteed "  equal protection " of the laws . Those sources say Obama was expected to make the final call on whether to intervene in the state dispute . "  I have to make sure that I 'm not interjecting myself too much in this process , particularly when we 're not a party to the case , " Obama said Wednesday in an interview with CNN affiliate KGO-TV in San Francisco . Of more immediate concern was the DOMA fight , where the administration is squarely involved . But a tricky gateway or "  jurisdictional " question threatens to stall any final consideration of the law 's constitutionality . That was the focus of much of the Friday legal papers . The DOMA law will be defended by House Republicans , after Obama concluded the law was unconstitutional . Traditionally , that role would fall to the solicitor general 's office . But Obama , in an election-year stunner , said last May that he supported same-sex marriage . The president had already ordered Attorney General Eric Holder not to defend DOMA in court . That raised the question of whether any party could rightfully step in and defend the law . Besides the constitutional issue , the justices had specifically ordered both sides to argue a supplemental question : whether congressional Republicans -- operating officially as the Bipartisan Legal Advisory Group of the U.S. House of Representatives -- have "  standing " or legal authority to make the case . Lawyers representing the House GOP said Friday that they should be able to take the lead and defend the law , since both Windsor and the Obama administration are taking the same legal position . "  Without the House 's participation , " said attorney Paul Clement , representing House leaders , "  it is hard to see how there is any case or controversy here at all . Both Ms. Windsor and the executive agree that DOMA is unconstitutional and that Ms. Windsor was entitled to a -LSB- tax -RSB- refund . And the lower courts granted them all the relief they requested . Only the House 's intervention provides the adverseness that Article III -LSB- federal court jurisdiction -RSB- demands . " But the Justice Department said it alone should present the government 's case . "  House Republicans lack "  any basis for supplanting the executive branch 's exclusive role in representing the United States ' interests in this litigation , and has no interests of its own that would satisfy " federal court scrutiny , said administration lawyers . Windsor 's legal team also said the House leaders could defend DOMA , at least partially , suggesting the woman wants ultimate resolution on the constitutional questions as soon as possible . "  I was devastated by the loss of the great love of my life , and I was also very sick , then had to deal with pulling together enough money to pay for the taxes , " the 83-year-old Windsor told CNN recently . "  And it was deeply upsetting . " The story of Edith and Thea That fundamental unfairness , as Windsor and her supporters see it , is at the center of DOMA legal fight . In November , three states -- Maryland , Washington , and Maine -- approved same-sex marriage , adding to the six states and the District of Columbia that already have done so . Minnesota voters also rejected an effort to ban such unions through a constitutional amendment . As more states legalize same-sex marriage , one of the key questions the justices may be forced to address is whether a national consensus now exists supporting the idea of expanding an "  equal protection " right of marriage to homosexuals . A bill known as the Respect for Marriage Act is working its way through Congress and would repeal DOMA . That law does not prohibit states from allowing same-sex marriages , but it also does not force states to recognize them from other states . Most of the current plaintiffs are federal workers , who are not allowed to add their spouses to health care plans , and other benefits . Many other states , including New Jersey , Illinois , Delaware , Rhode Island and Hawaii , have legalized domestic partnerships and civil unions for such couples -- a step designed in most cases to provide the same rights of marriage under state law . But other states have passed laws or state constitutional amendments banning such marriages . California 's Proposition 8 is the only such referendum that revoked the right after lawmakers and the state courts previously allowed it . That makes it a somewhat unique legal case for review by the justices . The DOMA cases are U.S. v. Windsor  12-307  and Bipartisan Legal Advisory Group of the U.S. House of Representatives v. Windsor  12-785  .	The Justice Department files first in a series of legal briefs involving two big cases Supreme Court will hear arguments next month on Defense of Marriage Act Lawyers for House GOP say they should be able to defend the marriage law in court U.S. still deciding whether to intervene in second case involving California law
CNN  -- He founded modern South Africa . The boy who grew up herding cattle in the hills of the rural Transkei area and attended a Methodist missionary school where he was given the name "  Nelson " has dedicated his adult life to opposing the racist and segregationist policy of apartheid . Nelson Rolihlahla Mandela at first advocated peaceful opposition to white rule in early work with the African National Congress , a liberation movement . But the stubbornness of the apartheid regime increasingly frustrated him , until he turned to armed struggle shortly after the Sharpeville Massacre in 1960 in which police killed some 69 black protesters , shooting many of them in the back . Shortly after the protest the regime banned the African National Congress and another liberation movement , the Pan Africanist Congress . In 1964 , Mandela was sentenced to life imprisonment for carrying out acts of sabotage . In prison he became an international symbol of opposition to apartheid . Over the decades that followed , as the movement against white rule in South Africa began to grow and unrest inside the country became increasingly violent , it became clear to the white government that they could no longer continue to govern without consulting the African National Congress and , in particular , Nelson Mandela . In the 1980s , Mandela worked from prison to facilitate talks between the apartheid government and the ANC . He was unconditionally released from prison in 1990 , just days after the ban on the African National Congress and the Pan Africanist Congress was lifted . After spending 27 years in prison , on his release Mandela pursued a policy of reconciliation between black and white in South Africa . Many of the apartheid laws were repealed in the early '90s , but a few of the apartheid era laws are controversially still on the books . Mandela became president of South Africa in 1994 , but he stood for only one term before stepping down and continuing to foster national reconciliation . Some have criticized Mandela for placing too much emphasis on reconciliation and not transforming the country enough , but the vast majority of South Africans revere his legacy and its meaning in the society they inhabit today . Visitors to the stunning nation at the tip of the continent can retrace many of Mandela 's most significant moments , among them his release from prison 23 years ago , on February 11 , 1990 . CAPE TOWN AND SURROUNDS Robben Island Robben Island is one of South Africa 's premier tourist destinations The ferry ride from the Cape Town waterfront alone is worth doing for the beautiful view of the city and Table Mountain from the sea . But "  the Island , " as it was known during the days of apartheid , gives the visitor an eerie sense of desolation . To really understand Nelson Mandela 's struggle and the sacrifices he made for the freedom of his people , you need to take a tour of the prison where he was held . Walking through the now silent empty jail cells , you bear witness to the loneliness and suffering he overcame to become a world icon of reconciliation . Groot Drakenstein Prison  Victor Verster Prison Set incongruously in beautiful vineyards near Paarl , the Drakenstein Prison is where Mandela spent the last 14 months of his imprisonment . Here he was treated with greater respect by the authorities and eventually was moved into the warden 's rather comfortable suburban house . Shortly after his release , Mandela built a house at Qunu , his birthplace in the Transkei , based on the layout of his prison lodgings . It has been said that the one thing he missed from his prison experience was the solitude and the chance to reflect , and the house reminds him of that feeling . Mandela was released from Drakenstein on February 11 , 1990 , and images were broadcast around the world of him and Winnie Madikizela-Mandela walking hand-in-hand toward the crowds , their fists clenched . Today , outside the main gate , there is a dramatic bronze statue of Mandela that commemorates that event . Stand on the road on the way to the prison gates and stop to imagine the excitement that erupted among the crowd in 1990 as Mandela finally emerged after 27 years . JOHANNESBURG AREA Soweto Now a fascinating small museum , Mandela 's old house in Vilakazi Street in Orlando West in Soweto shows just how black people lived under apartheid . Even relatively well-to-do people like the young Nelson Mandela , who was a lawyer , lived with their families in small four-room brick "  matchbox " houses . Mandela returned to this house a few days after he was released from prison , and many journalists interviewed him in the tiny garden , but after his release he never really lived there again . Archbishop Desmond Tutu lived here , too , just down the road , so it is the only street in the world where two Nobel Prize winners have lived in separate houses . Up the hill from Mandela 's house is the Hector Pieterson memorial and museum . This is the point where the famous Soweto Riots began on June 16 , 1976 , and where the iconic picture was taken of a dying Hector Pieterson being carried while his sister ran crying alongside . The museum is excellent and well worth a visit . Apartheid Museum While not only about Nelson Mandela , this fascinating museum recreates what life was like for both black and white South Africans under apartheid . It gives an excellent idea of what Mandela and other activists were fighting against and of their ideals for the future . Walking into the museum is an eerie experience as the entranceway is divided -- a gateway for blacks and a gateway for whites . It seems hard today to believe that such a system existed , but this museum lays it all out . Constitution Hill Constitution Hill is the site today of South Africa 's Constitutional Court , which is regarded as a post-modernist architectural icon . If you 're lucky , you might be able to listen in briefly on a constitutional hearing in the main chamber , and the court has a celebrated art collection . The older buildings have a more ominous history . Built in 1892 under the old Boer Zuid-Afrikaansche Republiek , many of South Africa 's most famous political prisoners , including Boer war leaders , Nelson Mandela and Mahatma Gandhi , spent time in the Old Fort Prison Complex . A tour through the old prison gives you a sense of South Africa 's layered and complex past . Liliesleaf Farm Out in the northern suburbs of Johannesburg is the famous Liliesleaf Farm . It was some 12 miles outside the city in the 1960s and was purchased by the South African Communist Party with secret funds smuggled in from the Soviet Union . Arthur Goldreich , a white communist , fronted as the owner of the farm while Nelson Mandela , Walter Sisulu and other prominent ANC activists hid from the police in the outbuildings . Many political discussions were held in the main house and by 1963 , it was becoming clear to the ANC that they were putting themselves under too much risk . It was too late , on July 11 of that year , the police swooped in and arrested a number of top ANC leaders . Mandela was already on Robben Island for a previous conviction when the raid happened , but many still say today that his gun was buried on the farm and lies somewhere hidden in the earth . NATAL AREA Howick If you are driving down to Durban from Johannesburg , you might want to make a short visit to the site at Howick where Nelson Mandela was arrested . Set in the beautiful Natal Midlands , the spot is only a few minutes off the main highway , the N3 . Though there 's not a great deal to see , a sculpture recently has been erected to mark the spot . An ongoing mystery is tied to the place , though , as some activists have said the CIA tipped off the South African security forces , pinpointing Mandela at this spot . No one has proved the claim , and it remains uncertain . EASTERN CAPE Qunu Qunu , on the Eastern Cape , is Nelson Mandela 's hometown . His house -- which you can not visit -- is right on the N2 between Durban and East London . If you 're on the highway , the small museum at Qunu is certainly worth a stop . If you find the right people at the museum , they will grab a small piece of plastic chair and you can slide down the vast curved rock that Nelson Mandela slid down when he was a young boy playing hooky from his duties as a cattle herder . If you 're lucky and have the time , you may be able to sit with a group of elders and sip the local sorghum beer known as Umqombothi . There is a tiny , reasonably priced bed and breakfast called Lili 's where you can sleep in a typical Xhosa hut and try Xhosa food . The surrounding area is extremely poor but there are interesting things to see and do . Nelson Mandela 's life and legacy are layered into the life and landscape of South Africa , and as the years go by , his stature grows .	Nelson Mandela was released from prison after 27 years on February 11 , 1990 His struggle against apartheid in South Africa is marked by many historic sites Robben Island , where Mandela was imprisoned , is one of South Africa 's top tourist destinations
EW.com  -- And EW 's Entertainer of the Year is ... Sandra Bullock ! She is the gift that keeps on giving . First the 49-year-old Oscar winner teamed up with the uproarious Melissa McCarthy in Paul Feig 's winning buddy cop comedy The Heat . Then , as Dr. Ryan Stone in Alfonso Cuaron 's Gravity , Bullock gives an emotionally naked performance that will likely earn her an Oscar nomination . Bullock 's tremendous talent and range â $ " to say nothing of the woman 's trademark grace and good humor in good times and bad â $ " is what earned her the top spot on our annual list of the most exciting performers in 2013 . EW : Tom Hanks plays ` Chopsticks ' with Sandra Bullock Bullock 's one-two punch demanded a fair amount of give and take from the actor . When she signed on to The Heat Bullock did n't expect to be playing straight man to McCarthy 's firehose-blast of a performance . "  Once I realized that that drove the film I had to step back , " she says . "  Otherwise I would 've been fighting for something that would 've ended up on the cutting room floor . It was n't what I was hoping for but the end result was the success of the film and people liking us together . " While Bullock nixes any talk of The Heat 2 , she says she 's keen for another project with her fast friend McCarthy .  Hollywood , get on this ! EW : Sandra Bullock 's likeability meter goes up and up in ` Vogue ' She was a true collaborator on Gravity as well . It was her idea for instance that her character Dr. Ryan Stone was in a raw state of mourning for her dead child .  Originally , the script called for her character to have a child waiting for her back on Earth .  "  What if she had absolutely nothing to fight for ? " Bullock says she proposed . "  She 's lost a child , there 's nothing back home , she 's a person who 's basically a machine . That was my idea and Alfonso was so open to it . " And as for squashing talk of another Gravity , Bullock appreciated Cuaron 's alternate ending idea of George Clooney falling from the sky on top of her at the end . "  The last scene you just see us on top of each other , limbs everywhere , " she imagines with a laugh . "  Our hands intertwine with our last breath of air and we die on top of each other clutching the Earth . " Sandra Bullock is joined by 15 more Entertainers of the Year , including the masterminds behind Breaking Bad , Dallas Buyers Club star Matthew McConaughey , girl on fire Jennifer Lawrence , a very Grumpy Cat , and more . Pick up the new issue of Entertainment Weekly , on stands Tuesday Nov. 26 , for more . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Sandra Bullock has had a great 2013 She starred in both "  The Heat " and "  Gravity " EW has 15 more Entertainers of The Year
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Mohammed Ismail was released from the U.S. detention facility at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , in early 2004 and sent back to Afghanistan to be set free . A guard talks with a detainee at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , earlier this year . Within four months , the U.S. military said , he was recaptured in Afghanistan attacking U.S. troops there , with paperwork on him that said he was a Taliban in good standing . He is just one of 74 former Guantanamo Bay detainees who the military says were active in , or were suspected of being active in , fighting against the United States or committing terrorist acts after being released . Another is Abdullah Gulam Rasoul , who was released from Guantanamo in December 2007 and set free in Afghanistan . Rasoul has become a powerful Taliban military commander in southern Afghanistan , the military said , and the United States suspects he is responsible for several attacks on U.S. forces there . A senior U.S. military official said he believes Rasoul is using his former Guantanamo experience to build on his "  rock star status " among the Taliban . Abd al Hadi Abdallah Ibrahim al Shaikh of Saudi Arabia , who was released in 2007 , was arrested in 2008 by Saudi authorities on suspicion of supporting terrorism inside that country , the military said . On Tuesday , the Pentagon released information that showed 14 percent of former detainees have turned to , or are suspected of having turned to , terrorism activity since being released from Guantanamo . The data represent the most recent statistics of former detainees tracked by military and other U.S. government intelligence agencies . The report shows that of the more than 530 detainees released from the prison , 27 have been confirmed to have engaged in terrorist activities and 47 are suspected of participating in some kind of terrorist act . The statistics indicate that there has been a slight increase since the end of 2008 , and the number of released detainees turning to or suspected of turning to the insurgency is almost doubled from the 7 percent in that category a few years ago , according to Pentagon officials familiar with the information . The report said that between December 2008 and March 2009 , nine former detainees were added to the confirmed list , six of whom were moved over from the suspected list . The Pentagon 's definition for "  suspected " is significant reporting indicating a person is involved in terrorist activities and an analysis showing a match to an identity of a former detainee . The report defines "  confirmed " as a preponderance of evidence , including fingerprints , DNA , photo match or reliable or well-corroborated intelligence that can identify a former detainee at Guantanamo . In January , Pentagon spokesman Geoff Morrell said 62 former Guantanamo detainees may have gone on to participate in terrorism or military activity . That number included 18 who had been directly tied to an attack or attacks and 43 who were suspected of such action , Pentagon officials said at the time . "  What 's clear is we are not seeing recidivism on the decline , " according to a defense official who declined to be named because of the sensitivity of the issue . Pentagon spokesman Bryan Whitman declined to say what officials think is the reason for the numbers having gone up , but said the United States does monitor as best as it can detainees who have been released from Guantanamo . The Pentagon released the names of almost 30 former detainees confirmed or suspected to have gone on to fight , with examples of what these men had done after their release . Abdullah Saleh Ali al-Ajmi , for example , was released in 2005 to Kuwait . In April 2008 he blew himself up in Mosul , Iraq , killing a number of Iraqis , the Pentagon said . Yousef Muhammed Yaaqoub was released from Guantanamo and sent back to Afghanistan to be freed in 2003 . The Pentagon documents show that he rejoined the Taliban as a commander in southern Afghanistan , and planned a jailbreak in Kandahar and a "  nearly successful capture of the town of Spin Boldak , Afghanistan . " Yaaqoub was killed fighting U.S. troops on May 7 , 2004 , according to the Pentagon data , and his memorial service in Pakistan drew a number of wanted Taliban leaders . Other examples released by the Pentagon show men sent home to Morocco who were later captured and accused of recruiting people to train with and fight for al Qaeda in Iraq , two men freed in Saudi Arabia who became leaders in a new al Qaeda organization there , and a Russian sent home who later was arrested for playing a role in a gas line bombing . As a comparison , among prisoners in the United States , about 62 percent of violent offenders examined in a 1994 study by the Bureau of Justice Statistics were rearrested within three years of being released .	Pentagon : 14 percent turn to , or are suspected of turning to , terrorism activities Rate has doubled from that of a few years ago , Pentagon officials say Names of almost 30 ex-detainees believed to have gone on to fight released
CHICAGO , Illinois  CNN  -- The funeral of a Chicago teenager whose beating death was caught on video was attended Saturday by scores of family members , officials and community leaders , including the Rev. Jesse Jackson . A funeral for Derrion Albert , a teen who was fatally beaten last month , was held Saturday on Chicago 's South Side . Authorities say Derrion Albert , a 16-year-old honors student , was an innocent bystander who ended up in the middle of a September 24 street fight between two factions of students from Christian Fenger Academy High School . "  The killings keep coming -- one need not to be guilty to be killed in this war zone , " Jackson told reporters before the service Saturday at the Greater Mount Hebron Baptist Church in South Side Chicago . "  We must declare a state of emergency . We have an obligation to prepare for our children safe passage . " Chicago Police Superintendent Jody Weis was among the Chicago officials who filed into the church as the the victim 's mother , An-Janette Albert , wept in the arms of loved ones . Watch friends , dignitaries attend funeral " "  I ca n't believe I 'm here and he 's not with me , " An-Janette Albert told CNN in an interview earlier in the week . "  I ca n't talk to him . " Four suspects have been charged with first-degree murder in Derrion Albert 's killing , and police say they are looking for three more people in connection with the beating . Video footage of the incident shows Albert being hit by a person wielding a railroad tie . President Obama , a longtime Chicago resident , is sending Education Secretary Arne Duncan and Attorney General Eric Holder next week to talk with officials from the school , the students and the community about school violence , the White House said . Albert 's sister , 11-year-old Rhaea , told CNN on Thursday that she looked up to her big brother , and now wants to be an even better student in his honor . But his death haunts her . "  I 'm kind of nervous to go outside these days because of what happens to kids now , " she said . "  Kids around my age ... they could still get hurt , no matter what . " Watch slain teen 's mother talk about her feelings " When school let out at 2:50 p.m. on September 24 , Albert was nearly six blocks away -- on his way to a bus stop -- when two groups of students converged on the street , said Tandra Simonton , spokeswoman for the Cook County prosecutor . The factions -- one that lived near the Altgeld Gardens housing development and one in an area known as "  The Ville " -- began fighting after an earlier shooting that police called gang-related . According to Simonton , Albert was approached by two members of "  The Ville " faction and struck in the head with a long wooden railroad tie , then punched in the face . After being knocked unconscious for a brief period , Albert regained consciousness and tried to move from the fight , but was then attacked by a second group of five members from the opposing faction , Simonton said . Albert was taken to Roseland Community Hospital and then to Advocate Christ Hospital and Medical Center , where he was pronounced dead .	Rev. Jesse Jackson : "  Killings keep coming ... we must declare a state of emergency " Albert 's mother , earlier in week : "  I ca n't believe ... he 's not with me " Derrion Albert , 16 , was beaten to death September 24 ; beating was recorded Police still seeking other suspects related to Albert 's death
Washington  CNN  -- Could tractor-trailer rigs almost as long as Boeing 737s be driving on a highway near you ? If a new transportation bill proposed by House Republicans passes , the answer is yes , and the safety ramifications would be astronomical , say congressional opponents of the bill and the AAA Auto Club . The American Energy and Infrastructure Jobs Act introduced Tuesday by Republicans would authorize about $ 260 billion over five years to fund federal highway programs . The legislation also contains a controversial provision allowing heavier tractor-trailer trucks on highways by increasing the federal weight limit from 80,000 pounds to 97,000 pounds . In some cases , it would allow 126,000-pound trucks onto highways . The legislation also allows the largest rigs , which comprise two and sometimes three trailers , to be as much as 10 feet longer -- a total length of more than 100 feet . While statistics from 2010 show overall traffic fatalities declining across the nation , truck crash fatalities actually increased 9 % , to 3,675 , according to statistics from the Truck Safety Coalition . Opponents of the proposed legislation say having even bigger trucks on the roads would increase the amount of fatalities because bigger trucks take longer to stop and their crashes are even more destructive . "  If there was ever a recipe for disaster , this is it , " said Sen. Frank Lautenberg , D-New Jersey , chairman of the Commerce Subcommittee on Surface Transportation . "  We all value the importance of trucks to our economy , to our recovery ... but the trucks have to share the roads with our families , and that 's why we 're never going to let trucks take a priority over the well-being of our families . " But the Coalition for Transportation Productivity , a transportation advocacy group , says heavier trucks do n't create safety issues so long as states make sure to require the trucks to have a sixth axle . "  The truck weight provision in the bill simply gives states the ability to open all , or portions of , their interstate networks to more productive , single-trailer trucks equipped with six axles rather than the typical five . Without changing truck size , the required sixth axle maintains all braking and handling characteristics at the new limit of 97,000 pounds , " John Runyan , executive director of the coalition said in a written statement . Besides safety issues , opponents also say bigger trucks would put further stress on already deteriorating roads and bridges . "  At a time when we are seriously under-investing in the nation 's transportation infrastructure , allowing bigger and heavier trucks on our roads and bridges is a step in the wrong direction , " said Jill Ingrassia , AAA managing director of government relations and traffic safety advocacy . The bill is heading for a hearing in the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee on Thursday , and Rep. James McGovern , D-Massachusetts , a member of the committee , said he will use everything in his power , including working with the Senate and the Obama administration , to get this provision taken out of the bill . "  I feel confident we 're going to prevail here , but we 're here to tell the leadership of the House that we 're raring for a fight here , " McGovern said . "  We are going to fight . This is a serious issue . "	A proposed transportation bill would allow heavier and longer trucks on highways "  If there was ever a recipe for disaster , this is it , " Sen. Frank Lautenberg says Requiring a sixth axle would keep trucks as safe as now , an industry official says
EW.com  -- Tom Cruise rang in the New Year smiling , as "  Mission : Impossible -- Ghost Protocol " led the box office with an estimated $ 31.3 million over the three-day  Friday to Sunday  weekend . That represents a 6 percent jump from Christmas weekend . However , nearly every wide release saw their grosses rise compared to last weekend . The weekend after Christmas has historically been a strong box-office period , as many families are still on break but are no longer occupied with holiday preparations . "  Ghost Protocol , " the fourth entry in the action franchise , has now cumulatively tallied $ 134.1 million , surpassing the final gross of "  Mission : Impossible III "  $ 134 million  . The PG-13 movie , which was helmed by Pixar animation director Brad Bird , will now attempt to catch up with the first "  Mission : Impossible , " which collected $ 181 million in 1996 . That figure should be within reach for "  Ghost Protocol . " In second place was "  Sherlock Holmes : A Game of Shadows , " which rose 9 percent for $ 22.1 million . The sequel has taken in $ 132.1 million in 17 days . The original "  Sherlock Holmes , " by comparison , had earned $ 165.2 million by this point . Although "  A Game of Shadows " trails its predecessor , it is slowly closing the gap . This is because the first "  Sherlock Holmes " opened on Christmas weekend , thereby inflating its initial figures . "  Shadows , " on the other hand , debuted on the  typically slow  weekend before Christmas , and is just now benefiting from a post-Christmas bump . In other words , the first "  Sherlock Holmes " started out of the gate much quicker , but "  Shadows " is picking up steam . The sequel probably wo n't have enough momentum to reach its predecessor 's final tally of $ 209 million , but the gap between the two films should be a lot smaller than many people initially thought . The same holds true for "  Alvin and the Chipmunks : Chipwrecked , " which jumped an incredible 45 percent for $ 18.3 million . The rodent threequel has so far earned $ 94.6 million in 17 days . In the same time frame , the 2007 original had grossed $ 141.4 million and its 2009 sequel had amassed $ 165.4 million . Despite "  Chipwrecked 's " slow start , it has been holding up well and should finish its domestic run with a respectable number . In its first full weekend , Steven Spielberg 's equine epic "  War Horse " finished fourth with $ 16.9 million . Whereas most films dropped from Friday to Saturday this weekend  on account of Saturday being New Year 's Eve  , "  War Horse " actually jumped 20 percent on Saturday . One possible explanation could be that the movie is drawing a decidedly older audience that was n't about to let New Year 's Eve get in the way of its moviegoing plans . According to CinemaScore , 79 percent of "  War Horse 's " audience was at least 25 years old . The Oscar hopeful has so far collected $ 43 million and is on its way to becoming a genuine holiday hit . Finally , in fifth , was David Fincher 's "  The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo , " which rose 28 percent for $ 16.3 million . The $ 90 million adaptation of Stieg Larsson 's bestselling novel has so far grossed a decent but somewhat disappointing $ 57.1 million in 12 days . In limited release , "  The Iron Lady , " starring Meryl Streep as former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher , debuted to an outstanding $ 221,800 at four theaters -- that 's a per-location average of $ 55,450 . The acclaimed Iranian drama "  A Separation , " which is practically assured an Oscar nomination for Best Foreign Language Film , opened to a solid $ 66,600 in three theaters . And the Sundance drama "  Pariah " started its run with a merely okay $ 49,700 at four locations . 1 . Mission : Impossible -- Ghost Protocol -- $ 31.3 mil 2 . Sherlock Holmes : A Game of Shadows -- $ 22.1 mil 3 . Alvin and the Chipmunks : Chipwrecked -- $ 18.3 mil 4 . War Horse -- $ 16.9 mil 5 . The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo -- $ 16.3 mil See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Mission : Impossible -- Ghost Protocol " has now cumulatively tallied $ 134.1 million "  Sherlock Holmes : A Game of Shadows , " rose 9 percent for $ 22.1 million "  Alvin and the Chipmunks : Chipwrecked , " jumped an incredible 45 percent for $ 18.3 million
EW.com  -- The eternal wait for a return journey to Pandora continues . But "  Avatar " fans , just know that James Cameron is hard at work on the script that will follow up his 2009 sci-fi mega-blockbuster . Cameron , the writer-director-producer of reigning box office champion "  Avatar , " recently talked with the website Play Goes Strong , revealing that he 's currently in New Zealand working on writing "  Avatar 2 " and "  Avatar 3 . " "  I 'm writing on a little farm . When you live in a special world like Pandora , you have to live in that world , " he said . "  There is that startup torque where you feel it 's coming to you , " Cameron said of his work on the scripts . "  Then you build up momentum . That 's when it gets fun . The characters talk and it 's writing itself . I 'm almost there right now . It 's building fast . " Cameron also recalled a recent conversation with "  The Hobbit " and "  Lord of the Rings " director Peter Jackson . "  You had it easy dude , " Cameron told him . "  You had the books when you did the second and third Lord of the Rings . I have to create my own books in my head and extract a script from it . " ` Once Upon a Time ' book launch As Cameron is tasked with creating the follow-up to a film that took the world by storm three years ago and broke his own previous record for highest-grossing movie ever , one would of course think he 's feeling an incredible amount of pressure right now . Not so , said Cameron : "  Pressure ? No . It 's a little daunting because sequels are always tricky . You have to be surprising and stay ahead of audience anticipation . At the same time , you have to massage their feet with things that they know and love about the first film . I 've walked that line in the past , so I 'm not too worried about it . At the same time , I definitely have to deliver the goods . " But how long is all this isolation on this ranch going to take ? No update on that or how long Cameron expects production on the sequels to take . ` Girls ' season finale : Let 's talk about Adam "  As for a release date that will be determined by when I get the script out , " he said . See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	James Cameron is hard at work on the script that will follow up 2009 's "  Avatar " Cameron revealed that he 's in New Zealand writing "  Avatar 2 " and "  Avatar 3 " Cameron : "  It 's a little daunting because sequels are always tricky "
CNN  The bad news for Rio de Janeiro ahead of the 2016 Olympics keeps coming after scores of dead fish appeared in the Rodrigo de Freitas lagoon . With just over a year to go before the city hosts the Games ' rowing and canoe competitions , officials with the legislative assembly of Rio de Janeiro Monday launched an investigation into the causes of death both in the lagoon and in other lakes and bays in the state in which this phenomenon has occurred . The group will work in partnership with the State Environmental Institute  INEA  and the Secretariat of State for the Environment . Officials defended the belief that the latest rains caused a temperature change of the water and the excess of decaying organic matter , which would have led to a black of oxygen , killing the fish . The note released by officials highlighted that the amount of dead fish has generated a bad smell and inconvenience to those who live near the lagoon and all the tourists who flock to the area . Last week , newly obtained video from newspaper O Globo showed a sailor crashing into trash floating on Guanabara Bay . The incident took place on February 14 and involved professional sailors Breno Osthoff , 20 , and Rafael de Almeida Sampaio , 35 . According to Osthoff , the impact was so great the boat was forced onto its side . Rio de Janeiro has pledged to reduce pollution in the notoriously fetid bay , but last month in an interview with the country 's largest sports channel SporTV , Mayor Eduardo Paes admitted that the bay will remain mostly polluted for the games . "  The Olympics are also in a time that has very little rain , then this amount of debris that comes from five municipalities in the metropolitan region , with poor sanitation , is also controllable ... I do not see as a problem for the Olympics , " said Paes . Last year biologists said rivers leading into the bay contained a superbacteria that is resistant to antibiotics and can cause urinary , gastrointestinal and pulmonary infections . 2016 Olympics predictions	Officials start to clean up scores of dead fish from the Lagoon Rodrigo de Freitas Pollution was a problem even before the preparations for the Olympic games began Last week video showed a separate incident , where floating trash caused a sailing accident
CNN  -- Finland has become the first country in the world to declare broadband Internet access a legal right . The move by Finland is aimed at bringing Web access to rural areas , where access has been limited . Starting in July , telecommunication companies in the northern European nation will be required to provide all 5.2 million citizens with Internet connection that runs at speeds of at least 1 megabit per second . The one-megabit mandate , however , is simply an intermediary step , said Laura Vilkkonen , the legislative counselor for the Ministry of Transport and Communications . The country is aiming for speeds that are 100 times faster -- 100 megabit per second -- for all by 2015 . "  We think it 's something you can not live without in modern society . Like banking services or water or electricity , you need Internet connection , " Vilkkonen said . Finland is one of the most wired in the world ; about 95 percent of the population have some sort of Internet access , she said . But the law is designed to bring the Web to rural areas , where geographic challenges have limited access until now . "  Universal service is every citizen 's subjective right , " Vilkkonen said . Should fast Internet access be everyone 's legal right ? It is a view shared by the United Nations , which is making a big push to deem Internet access a human right . In June , France 's highest court declared such access a human right . But Finland goes a step further by legally mandating speed . On the other hand , the United States is the only industrialized nation without a national policy to promote high-speed broadband , according to a study released in August by the Communications Workers of America , the country 's largest media union . Forty-six percent of rural households do not subscribe to broadband , and usage varies based on income , the study found . In February , the U.S. Federal Communications Commission is expected to submit a national plan to Congress . The FCC says that expanding service will require subsidies and investment of as much as $ 350 billion -- much higher than the $ 7.2 billion President Barack Obama 's economic stimulus package has set aside for the task .	Providers will need to supply connection speeds of at least 1 megabit per second But Finland is aiming for speeds that are 100 times faster 95 percent of Finnish population have some sort of Internet access The law is designed to bring the Web to rural areas
When I was in fourth grade , I wrote Vice President Al Gore a letter about my passion for saving the planet . I was ecstatic when he wrote back . I believed then , as I do now , that he is a strong voice for science and the environment . Since writing that letter as a 10-year-old , I 've earned degrees in atmospheric science and environmental engineering . At the same time , I 've learned to value the role that science plays in informing public policy . Meanwhile , Al Gore has become the most visible champion of climate science in public life . He famously won the Nobel Peace Prize for his work on climate education , along with the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , a group of scientists that compiles climate research from around the world . They and other scientists have concluded that human activity -- primarily burning fossil fuels -- puts heat-trapping emissions into the atmosphere that makes heat waves more extreme , increases global sea level , and alters historic precipitation patterns . Unfortunately , Vice President Gore took some heat for some comments he made about hurricanes and climate change in an interview with the Washington Post . Initially , the paper misquoted him as saying a new "  Category Six " was being added to the familiar hurricane scale , which maxes out at Category Five . Category Five storms are those that have sustained winds of more than 157 miles per hour . As Jason Samenow , the paper 's weather editor , pointed out , there are no plans by the National Hurricane Center -- the federal office responsible for categorizing storms -- to create a new category . Later though , we found out that Gore merely indicated that some scientists were "  proposing " a new category . Although there is no official proposal on the table , in recent years , at least one scientist has publicly stated the scale might need to be changed . For his part , Samenow later retracted the balance of his criticism This is n't the first time there 's been a public back-and-forth over the science linking hurricanes and climate change . Scientific understanding there is still evolving . And we know that even a sub-Category One storm can be terribly destructive , especially when riding atop rising seas . When discussing science , politicians -- and scientists -- should lead with what we know with more confidence . In the case of climate change , scientists know with great certainty that sea level is rising . According to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration  NOAA  , global average sea level has risen 8 inches over the past century . And new NOAA coastal planning tools show that the United States can expect an additional rise of a foot or more in the next few decades . By the end of the century , scientists find , we can expect 3 feet or more , depending on how much more we overload our atmosphere with carbon . In human terms , that means many places we now call home will face growing risks from encroaching seas , including iconic shore towns and boardwalks and major cities like Miami . In the short term , we know sea-level rise is making every coastal storm , including hurricanes , more damaging and more deadly . The hubbub has also distracted from important points Gore made in the rest of the interview . The rest of Gore 's interview was accurate -- and important . He correctly explained that atmospheric levels of carbon dioxide , the chief heat-trapping gas , continue to rise . Countries , including the United States , are far behind the pledges they made to limit warming . He also pointed out growing support at the local level for dealing with climate change . Communities from Florida to New Jersey are already grappling with how to zone and build and plan in a world of higher temperature and rising seas . Fortunately , there 's increasing discomfort with rejections of climate science among the political class . While some supporters of climate policy reform occasionally overstate the effects climate change will have on extreme weather , opponents of climate policy often go completely off the rails , accusing scientists of possible criminal behavior and rejecting the reality of climate change itself . The latter actions are far more damaging to dialogue around climate policy . In fact , they poison our public discourse . You ca n't deal with a problem if you refuse to acknowledge it exists . The reaction to Gore 's words -- scorn from his detractors and defense from his allies -- demonstrates just how broken the discussion has become . Our national discourse around climate change has fallen victim to growing political polarization and the outsize influence of special interests on our democracy . Far too many politicians are scared of even acknowledging climate change . Thankfully , there are some depolarizing voices in the debate , such as former Rep. Bob Inglis , R-South Carolina . He takes the science as a given and is pushing for climate policies that differ from those President Barack Obama recently announced . In other words , he 's willing to have a real debate that respects the science . Those are the conversations we deserve , not more public arguments about the science . And I know my fourth-grade-self would agree .	Washington Post corrected report that Al Gore cited creation of Category 6 storms Gore was referring to a scientist 's statement that such a category might be needed Gretchen Goldman : It 's safer to talk about scientifically clear data such as sea level rise She says Gore 's basic points were correct , including the rise in CO2 levels
Time.com  -- How much would it take for you to consider selling your bone marrow ? A U.S. appeals court puts the price at about $ 3,000 in a ruling that now makes it legal to pay donors for their bone-marrow tissue . The court 's decision may well help thousands of sick patients who need bone-marrow transplants to survive , but it also begs the question , What other body parts might next be up for sale ? The ruling came about at the end of 2011 , in a decision to an October 2009 lawsuit brought by a group of cancer patients , parents and bone-marrow-donation advocates against the government over the federal law banning the buying and selling of bodily organs . The plaintiffs were led by Doreen Flynn , who has three daughters who suffer from Fanconi anemia , a blood disorder that requires bone-marrow transplants to treat . Flynn and the other plaintiffs said that too many such patients die waiting for transplants and argued that we should be allowed to pay people to donate their marrow as a way of ensuring a more reliable supply . The U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit agreed . Time.com : Facebook now lets organ donors tell their friends At the core of the plaintiffs ' argument was the National Organ Transplantation Act  NOTA  , which since 1984 has forbid the buying and selling of human organs , including bone marrow . But new developments in bone-marrow extraction have made marrow donation not much different from donating blood . Traditionally , bone-marrow donation required anesthesia and long needles to extract the marrow from the hip bones of donors . Now , a technique called peripheral apheresis allows doctors to extract blood stem cells directly from the blood , instead of the bone -- patients first take a drug that pulls stem cells from the bone and into the blood -- meaning that the marrow cells should be considered a fluid like blood , rather than an organ , the plaintiffs argued . NOTA does n't prohibit payments for blood or other fluids , such as plasma or semen . U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder decided not to ask the Supreme Court to review the appellate court 's decision , which would have been the next step in overturning it . That means the ruling stands -- and that people can now be paid up to $ 3,000 for their marrow , as long as it is collected by apheresis . In a concession to the spirit of NOTA , however , the compensation ca n't be in cash ; it needs to be in the form of a voucher that can be applied to things such as scholarships , education , housing or a donation to a charity . While the decision applies only to the nine states covered by the Ninth Circuit court , and only to bone marrow obtained through apheresis , it does raise bigger questions about how we will look at organ donation in the future . With about 114,000 people waiting for organs in the U.S. alone on any given day , and only 3,300 donors , the urgent medical need runs up against moral standards of the value of human life . Once we start paying for the parts we need , though , how far do we go ? "  We do n't allow people to buy and sell human beings , that 's slavery , " says Dr. Robert Klitzman , director of the bioethics program at Columbia University . "  Should we allow people to buy and sell human body parts ? " Time.com : Where do  some  babies come from ? In Washington , a new law bans anonymous sperm and egg donors Of course , certain body parts are already up for sale . Aside from sperm and plasma , donors can also be paid for their eggs and hair . But by expanding that list , the court 's ruling reopens the long-standing ethical debate over the commercialization of human tissues . For now , legally "  sellable " human body parts are n't ones that could be used to cure fatal diseases , which prevents a market frenzy . But if the bone-marrow case starts changing that -- and experts say it could -- it might jump-start a dangerous trend in which lower-income groups were disproportionately targeted or incentivized to give up their marrow and people with rarer blood types demanded more money for their valuable cells . Still , the benefits of compensating people for providing cells like bone marrow -- which the body replaces and which involves a relatively safe extraction -- may be wide-reaching , as Flynn and the plaintiffs argue . "  In some sense , this is a policy experiment , and it could potentially be groundbreaking , " says Jeffrey Kahn , professor of bioethics and public policy at the Johns Hopkins Berman Institute of Bioethics . "  If we compensate donors who give by apheresis and more people end up receiving -LSB- blood - -RSB- stem-cell transplants , maybe we should think about this for other kinds of donations . " Already , he points out , there is international trade for other organs . Websites allow people to find matching donors for kidneys , for example  people are born with two kidneys , but can live with one  , and U.S. patients travel to developing nations to obtain transplants . There is n't supposed to be compensation , but it 's hard to regulate such exchanges . Time.com : Britain lifts ban on gay men donating blood . Could the U.S. be far behind ? Nevertheless , selling tissues or organs may not be the logical first step in addressing the disconnect between supply and demand . Klitzman notes that there are other changes we can make to U.S. organ-donation policy that might improve giving rates . In Spain , for example , all citizens are organ donors by default ; those who do n't wish to participate must opt out . In the U.S. , in contrast , people must voluntarily opt in to give , which could be a deterrent . Even within such systems , there are incentives that can entice donors . In Israel , for example , family members of donors are given priority on the waiting list of organs should they need one . "  To me , it 's not clear that the current decision means we should overturn NOTA , " says Klitzman . "  I personally think we should have the debate about whether there are creative ways of enhancing donation of organs . " Certainly , if the goal is to improve the supply of much needed tissues without toeing an ethically troublesome line , those options are probably worth pursuing . This article originally appeared on Time.com : A court allows payment for bone marrow . Should people be able to sell their parts ? Park is a writer at TIME . Find her on Twitter at @aliceparkny . You can also continue the discussion on TIME 's Facebook page and on Twitter at @TIME .	U.S. appeals court rules that donors may sell their bone-marrow tissue Plaintiffs argue that paying people for their tissue may encourage a greater supply of it Ruling only applies to marrow collected through the blood stream Experts worry those in low-income brackets might try to sell other body parts
CNN  -- Defending champion Usain Bolt was sensationally disqualified for a false start in the men 's 100-meter final at the world athletics championships in Daegu , South Korea , allowing fellow-Jamaican Yohan Blake to collect an unexpected gold medal . Bolt has dominated men 's sprinting since winning 100-meter and 200-meter gold at the Beijing Olympics in 2008 , achieving the same feat at the world championships in Berlin the following year -- smashing the world record in the process . And although he had not entered this year 's worlds in top form , the absence through injury of rivals Asafa Powell and Tyson Gay meant he was the hot favorite to retain the first part of the sprint double . However , the 25-year-old fell foul of the current false start rules , which state that any athlete who jumps the gun is immediately disqualified . Bolt knew immediately he had started too early and was helped off the track , head in hands , with a packed stadium watching on in disbelief . Once the race did eventually get under way , a muted atmosphere ensued as Blake -- a training partner of Bolt -- powered home to win in 9.92 seconds . American Walter Dix , the Olympic bronze medallist , took silver with a time of 10.08 seconds with veteran 2003 world champion Kim Collins of St. Kitts and Nevis claiming a superb bronze medal . "  I ca n't find words to explain it . Usain Bolt has been there for me . I feel like I want to cry , " Blake told reporters . "  I felt I would win the race for Bolt . " Despite Bolt 's shock exit , it proved a good day for defending world champions , with three athletes retaining the titles they won two years ago in Berlin . American Brittney Reese retained her women 's long jump title , and compatriot Trey Hardee won a second consecutive decathlon gold medal . Meanwhile , Russian Valeriy Borchin was another to retain his title , coming home first in the men 's 20-kilometer walk . Li Yanfeng of China secured gold in the women 's discus , but there was heartache for Ethiopian distance legend Kenenisa Bekele , whose attempts at a fifth consecutive men 's 10,000-meter world title came to an end after he was forced to pull out of the final with groin and hip injuries . However , the gold medal still went to Ethiopia with Ibrahim Jeilan outsprinting Briton Mo Farah in a devastating burst to the line . Meanwhile , Oscar Pistorius made history by becoming the first amputee athlete to compete in world championships history . The South African , who runs with carbon fiber prosthetic running blades , came third in his men 's 400-meter heat to qualify for Monday 's semifinal , with the final on Tuesday .	Defending champion Usain Bolt disqualified from the world 100m final The Jamaican is thrown out after a false start in the final in Daegu , Korea Compatriot Yohan Blake wins gold with silver going to American Walter Dix Ethiopian legend Kenenisa Bekele misses men 's 10,000 m final through injury
CNN  -- The son of Mexico drug lord Joaquin "  El Chapo " Guzman was arrested in western Mexico on Thursday , officials said . Alfredo Guzman Salazar was arrested in Jalisco state , the Mexican navy said in a statement . Just this month , Guzman Salazar was added to the U.S. Treasury Department 's kingpin list . The department 's designation freezes any assets he may have under U.S. jurisdiction and prohibits financial and commercial transactions with him . "  We congratulate the government of Mexico and the Calderon administration on another victory against the ruthless cartels , " said U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration spokesman Rusty Payne . "  This is the first step in bringing another ruthless drug baron to justice . " El Chapo , who oversees the powerful Sinaloa drug cartel , is considered the most wanted man in Mexico . Guzman Salazar was indicted in Illinois , together with his father , on various drug trafficking charges in August 2009 . The arrest of El Chapo 's son comes less than two weeks before Mexico 's presidential elections . According to a U.S. law enforcement official , the DEA was on the scene for the arrest and assisted the Mexican navy with intelligence to help locate Guzman Salazar . CNN 's Carol Cratty and CNNMexico contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. official says DEA was at the scene and helped with intelligence Alfredo Guzman Salazar is the son of drug lord Joaquin "  El Chapo " Guzman He was arrested Thursday in Jalisco state , Mexican navy says Father and son were indicted in Illinois on drug trafficking charges in 2009
CNN  The "  Fifty Shades " series will have to handcuff a new director . Sam Taylor-Johnson , who directed "  Fifty Shades of Grey , " told Deadline.com that she wo n't be back for the sequel , "  Fifty Shades Darker . " "  Directing ` Fifty Shades Of Grey ' has been an intense and incredible journey for which I am hugely grateful , " she said in a statement to the site . "  While I will not be returning to direct the sequels , I wish nothing but success to whosoever takes on the exciting challenges of films two and three . " ` Fifty Shades of Grey ' : What fans hoped for ? The first film in the best-selling book series has been hugely successful , pulling in more than $ 550 million worldwide since it premiered in mid-February , but there have been rumbles that creative clashes were in the offing for the sequel . Author E L James has a great deal of control in how her books are presented on screen , and she made it clear that she wanted to write the screenplay for the second film , Variety reported last month . Kelly Marcel wrote the screenplay for "  Fifty Shades of Grey . " The story behind Mr. Grey 's suits The film stars Jamie Dornan as billionaire Christian Grey -- a man of certain sexual proclivities -- and Dakota Johnson as his romantic partner , Anastasia Steele .	Sam Taylor-Johnson bows out of the "  Fifty Shades " sequel Author E L James wanted more control over the second pic The first film has made $ 550 million worldwide
CNN  -- Yemenia Airways is canceling all its flights between Yemen and the Comoros Islands after this week 's crash on the same route , the airline said Saturday . Bahia Bakari holds her father 's hand as she lies on a stretcher in a plane after landing in France . One more flight between Sanaa and Moroni is scheduled for Sunday , but all flights on the route are canceled after that , Yemenia said . A Yemenia Airways Airbus 310 went down early Tuesday , carrying 142 passengers and 11 crew members . It originated in Yemen 's capital , Sanaa , and went down just miles from Comoros ' capital , Moroni . One person , 13-year-old French girl Bahia Basari , survived for hours in the Indian Ocean clinging to the debris of the downed plane . She arrived home in France on Thursday , where she was reunited with her father . Watch teen survivor from crash " She is the only known survivor from the crash , which killed her mother . The Airbus 310 plane tried to land at the airport in Moroni , then made a U-turn before it crashed , Comoros Vice President Idi Nadhoim said . The Comoros Islands are between the east African country of Tanzania and the island nation of Madagascar . French and U.S. divers are helping to search for debris and bodies . The French military has detected a rescue beacon , but rescue workers say the wreckage is difficult to reach in deep waters . The plane 's data recorders have yet to be found , said Capt. Mohammed Abdel Rahman Abdel Qadir , a spokesman for Yemen 's civil aviation department .	Teenage girl only person to survive plane crash off Comoros islands French , U.S. divers are helping to search for debris and bodies from the plane The plane 's data recorders have yet to be found , Yemeni authorities say
CNN  -- As he was falling asleep , the father of five turned to his wife and said he hopes it will all be worth it someday . Maybe someday , Mohammed Al-Qahtani said , his daughter be able to walk somewhere without a male guardian . Maybe someday , she 'll be able to drive a car without fear of arrest . "  Maybe I 'm dreaming , " Al-Qahtani said . "  My newborn daughter , maybe one day she will vote for the prime minister in Saudi Arabia . "  Of course , there will be a price to be paid , and we are more than willing to pay that price . " The 46-year-old economics professor , who is also one of Saudi Arabia 's most prominent human rights activists , has been on trial for several months in Riyadh . He faces nine charges , including breaking allegiance to the Saudi king , describing Saudi Arabia as a police state and turning people and international bodies against the kingdom . His co-defendant , Abdullah Al-Hamid , faces similar charges , including spreading chaos , questioning the authority of official clerics and undermining public order . If convicted , both could go to prison for several years . Al-Qahtani calls the accusations against them nonsense and says he knows why he and Al-Hamid were really put on trial . He said he and Al-Hamid have stoked the ire of the kingdom for running an activist group that is trying to expose human rights violations in the country . "  We have a number of cases where people are thrown in prison arbitrarily , torture , forced disappearances . ... Whatever rights abuses  you could think of  , you could find in Saudi Arabia , " Al-Qahtani said . According to rights groups , Saudi authorities have been increasingly targeting activists through the courts and other arbitrary means such as travel bans . "  This has been a systematic approach by the authorities in Saudi Arabia -- namely , the targeting and harassing of activists across the country , " said Tamara Al-Rifai , spokeswoman for Human Rights Watch 's Middle East and North Africa division . Al-Rifai told CNN that accusations against activists generally include "  instigating chaos , gathering illegally , harming the reputation , talking to foreigners , talking to the media , etc. " She said there is no clear criminal law in Saudi Arabia and that people "  are being arbitrarily arrested and detained for exercising rights that are stipulated by all international human rights laws , but also the Arab Charter of Human Rights to which Saudi Arabia has adhered . " In June , Amnesty International issued a statement calling Al-Qahtani 's trial "  just one of a troubling string of court cases aimed at silencing the kingdom 's human rights activists . " "  The case against him should be thrown out of court as it appears to be based solely on his legitimate work to defend human rights in Saudi Arabia and his sharp criticism of the authorities , " said Philip Luther , director of Amnesty International 's Middle East and North Africa Program . When asked about the case and about accusations that Saudi Arabia is cracking down on dissent , Saudi officials have been reluctant to comment . "  At the Interior Ministry , our area of responsibility is security , " said Maj. Gen. Mansour Al-Turki , spokesman for the Saudi Interior Ministry . "  My understanding is that these cases are being looked at by the courts now . Nobody will comment on cases being looked at by the courts . " In Saudi Arabia , a deeply conservative kingdom and an absolute monarchy , protests are prohibited . Still , activists say , small gatherings are becoming more frequent -- demonstrations by both men and women demanding the release of jailed relatives . The latest high-profile incident happened early this month . According to rights groups , Saudi security forces arrested a group of women in the town of Buraida who were protesting over family members allegedly held for years as political prisoners . The women said the relatives had been detained without charges on suspicion of terrorism . The scene of Saudi police circling the women was caught on video , sparking anger and more protests . And in November , activists say , Saudi security forces in Riyadh detained dozens of protesters , including women and children , who were urging the government to release political prisoners . "  I do n't want my kids to face this Dark Age kind of prosecution , " Al-Qahtani told CNN . "  So we are trying to push the limit so our kids will live in a world where their fundamental rights will be respected . " In 2009 , he , Al-Hamid and a few others founded the Saudi Political and Civil Rights Association , or ACPRA . ACPRA , according to Al-Qahtani , actively reports on human rights violations and attempts to help relatives of political prisoners free their loved ones through lawsuits against the government . A group like that needs a license to operate . But despite repeated attempts , Al-Qahtani says , the Saudi government did not give them one . Al-Qahtani , who was educated in the United States , believed that if he pushed harder , he might get somewhere . He , Al-Hamid and other members began regularly posting updates about their campaign on ACPRA 's website and e-mailing information to a growing base of members and supporters . In December 2010 , ACPRA called for all Saudis to participate in a public sit-in to demand political reform . The sit-in was eventually canceled , as the ministry of interior told the organizers their request was refused . Last January , ACPRA crossed one of the country 's ultimate red lines by being openly critical of Saudi Arabia 's interior ministry and demanding the interior minister be prosecuted for human rights violations . They 've also circulated petitions for the release of Saudis they believe are political prisoners . While Al-Qahtani and Al-Hamid have tried to file complaints in court , those efforts went nowhere because the court system did not process them , Al-Qahtani said . The activists also wrote to United Nations special rapporteurs , independent experts who investigate human rights abuses worldwide . Al-Qahtani said the United Nations responded to their letters and that U.N. human rights investigators issued opinions on a few of the cases . He said that 's another reason why he 's in hot water with the authorities . "  We were trying to highlight the violations , document these violations , try to write officials in Saudi Arabia , try to remedy the situation , try to improve , push the limit for freedom of expression , " Al-Qahtani told CNN via Skype . While Al-Qahtani and Al-Hamid are still free , al-Qahtani says they 've been banned from travel , and the Saudi authorities keep a close eye on them , repeatedly calling them in for questioning . "  We have weekly sessions of interrogation , " he said . "  They -LSB- would -RSB- ask these details that 's just about our ... activism . " But as their own freedoms have been fettered , they 've begun finally reaching an audience they envisioned from the start . The activists ' profile brightened in recent months with coverage of their upcoming trial . Stories began appearing in both Eastern and Western press . Foreign Policy , a highly respected global news magazine , named Al-Qahtani as one of its 100 top global thinkers of 2012 . "  He has broken some of Saudi Arabia 's biggest taboos , highlighting corruption within the monarchy and questioning its legitimacy to govern , " the magazine wrote . Along with his organization 's website and YouTube channel , Al-Qahtani regularly tweets updates about his case and his interrogation sessions . "  We have seen young kids being attracted to the campaign that we are running , " he said . "  Many people want to join our organization . So these are encouraging signs . " Throughout their trial , other Saudi activists , academics and intellectuals have crowded the courtroom on several occasions . They 've also taken to social media to express their support . "  So there are some positive signs , " Al-Qahtani said . "  It 's not all bleak . " But if the fate of other ACPRA members provides any clue of how things might go , the outlook is n't bright for him and Al-Hamid . In April , group member Mohammed Al-Bajadi was sentenced to four years behind bars . Amnesty International said he was found "  guilty of participating in the establishment of a human rights organization , harming the image of the state through the media , calling on the families of political detainees to protest and hold sit-ins , contesting the independence of the judiciary and having banned books in his possession . " And in December , political activist Suleiman al-Rashudi was arrested , according to his wife , after giving a lecture in which he said protests were permitted in Islam . His wife , Um Ammar , told CNN she has not been allowed to see her husband or speak to him since he was detained and is extremely worried about him . Al-Rashudi , who was recently elected president of ACPRA , previously spent five years in detention and , according to activists , was found guilty last year of , among other things , financing terrorism , incitement against the king and attempting to seize power . "  There 's no guarantee that -LSB- ACRPA 's work -RSB- will get people the rights for freedom of expression , " Al-Qahtani said . But he said even if he and Al-Hamid go to prison , they 've started something special . Their cause wo n't end if they 're locked up , he said . The belief that freedom can be had in Saudi Arabia has now been shared with others who want it . They 've embraced it , he said , and will shoulder the effort . "  At least , " the professor said , "  we have done our share . "	Human rights activists in Saudi Arabia say they 're being targeted by the government Protests are prohibited in the deeply conservative Middle East nation Despite high-profile arrests , activists say they 're finding their voice via Internet , social media
CNN  -- Fancy stripping off before a flight and getting sweaty with fellow passengers ? Finnair think you might like to and has backed the idea by adding a sauna to its new premium lounge in Helsinki Airport . Airline lounges are prime ways for airlines to promote their brand and showcase all the luxury and service frills they can muster , but with a traditional unisex sauna , Finnair has upped the ante . The airline has gone big on the Nordic theme throughout the new lounge that opens later this year . Open to passengers holding Finnair 's platinum and gold cards , the 407-square meter space is decorated with a variety of Finnish designed homeware from the likes of Marimekko , Iittala Ultima Thule and Eero Saarinen , while video projections reflect the time of day and season . In a country where there 's around one sauna for every three people , incorporating one into the new lounge seemed a natural thing to do . "  Our aim was to create a high-quality , even emotional experience for Finnair 's demanding clients , " says designer Vertti Kivi . "  Different zones for work , refreshment , silence or bathing are unified with a light Scandinavian design touch , creating a space that clients wo n't forget . " The sight of fellow passengers in the nude in a tiny room heated to nearly 100 degrees Celsius could be part of that unforgettable experience , but perhaps not the kind of memory some would want to retain from a business trip . Traditionally saunas in Finland are taken naked , but guests are "  recommended " to use towels , states the airline . Finnair did have an airport sauna before , but according to the airline , it closed over two years ago because it was n't financially viable . With an expansion to Helsinki Airport , the airline believe it will be a greater success this time .	Finnair adds a sauna to its new airport lounge in Helsinki In Finland , there is one sauna for every three people Towels are recommended , although tradition in Finland is to be naked
Fifty years ago this month , the U.S. Supreme Court heard oral argument in a libel case , New York Times Co. v. Sullivan , that at the time few thought would go on to achieve landmark status . The Sullivan case , despite its roots in the early civil rights movement and the career of Martin Luther King Jr. , is still little-known outside legal and media circles . But as it marks its 50th anniversary , Sullivan deserves to be revisited . No contemporary Supreme Court case has done more to define modern freedom of the press . These days , as the ongoing case of James Risen of The New York Times shows , reporters do have to worry that if they go too far in revealing embarrassing government secrets , they might find the government taking them to court to force them to reveal confidential sources . That is what has happened to Risen as a result of his investigation of a classified CIA program . What reporters do n't have worry about , though , as they once did , is government officials charging them with libel as a way of silencing their criticism . Whether they acknowledge it or not , investigative reporters over the past half century -- from Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein in "  All the President 's Men " to Seymour Hersh in "  Chain of Command : The Road from 9/11 to Abu Ghraib " -- are indebted to the Supreme Court 's Sullivan ruling for the freedom they have had to challenge the government 's version of events . Sullivan had its origins in a fundraising ad , "  Heed Their Rising Voices , " that the Committee to Defend Martin Luther King and the Struggle for Freedom in the South placed in The New York Times on March 29 , 1960 . Opinion : For women , equal pay and economic justice are civil rights issues The committee -- which included A. Philip Randolph , president of the Brotherhood of Sleeping Car Porters , and entertainers such as Harry Belafonte , Sidney Poitier and Nat King Cole -- had been set up to raise money for King , whom an Alabama grand jury had charged with tax evasion . "  Heed Their Rising Voices " did not criticize any Southerner by name , but it did speak of attacks on the civil rights movement by "  Southern violators of the Constitution . " The ad became vulnerable to a libel suit because on a series of very specific points , it contained factual errors . The ad said that King had been arrested by Alabama authorities seven times when he had been arrested only four times . The ad said that black students were expelled from Alabama State College for a racial protest they held on the State Capitol steps , where they sang "  My Country , 'T is of Thee . " In fact , the students sang the national anthem on the State Capitol steps , and they were expelled by the State Board of Education for demanding service at a segregated lunch counter in the Montgomery County Court House . The misstatements of fact were all comparatively minor , but they made the Times vulnerable to legal action by Southern officials , who resented the prestigious paper for publishing "  Heed Their Rising Voices . " Under Alabama law , a resident could sue for libel when untruths that he believed defamatory were said about him . On April 19 , L. B. Sullivan , a Montgomery city commissioner whose particular duties included supervising the city 's police department , filed such a suit . Sullivan declared that misstatements about the police in Montgomery libeled him , even though they did not name him personally . He asked for damages of $ 500,000 . Soon after Sullivan filed his suit , Alabama Gov. John Patterson filed a $ 500,000 suit of his own , also claiming libel . Before long , the Times was facing $ 3 million in suits , a considerable sum in the 1960s . The implications of the suits were especially serious at a time when the civil rights movement was in its early stages . If liberal , Northern papers could be silenced in their criticism of the South as a result of libel suits , the civil rights movement faced tough going . When on April 12 and 13 , Harrison Salisbury wrote Times stories critical of Birmingham , Alabama , his reports brought with it a new set of libel suits . In Alabama , which ever since Brown v. Board of Education had been doing its best to resist the desegregation of its schools , Sullivan 's case was quickly decided . An all-white jury , acting on instructions from a judge who told the jurors that a statement was libelous unless a defendant could prove it was true in all respects , took just two hours and 20 minutes to award Sullivan the $ 500,000 for which he asked . The libel award was the largest in Alabama history , and on August 30 , 1962 , the Alabama Supreme Court unanimously upheld the lower 's court 's judgment against the Times . The Alabama Supreme Court 's ruling was in keeping with tradition . U.S. law had long held that libel , as did pornography , did not qualify for First Amendment protection . If the Times were to win its appeal , the Supreme Court would have to establish a new libel precedent . For a Supreme Court that 10 years earlier in Brown v. Board of Education had ruled that "  separate but equal " had no place in America 's public schools , overturning precedent was not out of the question , however . Earl Warren was still chief justice . And after Arthur Goldberg , John Kennedy 's former secretary of labor , replaced Felix Frankfurter , a Franklin Roosevelt appointee , the Warren Court of 1964 was , if anything , more liberal than the Warren Court of 1954 . Opinion : On MLK day , helping the unemployed is a moral issue Warren assigned writing the opinion of the court in the Sullivan case to Justice William Brennan , like himself an Dwight Eisenhower appointee . By March 9 , when the court announced its ruling , the justices were unanimous in their decision to reverse the Alabama State Supreme Court ruling . As soon as Brennan began reading from his opinion , it was clear that the Supreme Court had taken a fresh look at libel law . "  We are required in this case to determine for the first time the extent to which the constitutional protections of free speech and press limit a state 's power to award damages in a libel action brought by a public official against critics of his official conduct , " Brennan observed in his very first sentence . These were words that Sullivan and the South did not want to hear , and as Brennan continued reading from his opinion , it became clear that he and the Supreme Court were distinguishing between a libel action brought by a private person and a libel action brought by a government official . To guarantee the First Amendment 's effectiveness , a government official was not protected by the law in the same way that a private person was , Brennan declared . For Brennan , the historic basis for such a distinction went back to the notorious Sedition Act of 1798 , which during the Federalist administration of John Adams made it a crime to utter or publish "  false , scandalous and malicious " attacks against the government . Fines levied in Sedition Act prosecutions were later repaid by Congress on the grounds that the act was unconstitutional because of its violation of the First Amendment , and President Thomas Jefferson pardoned all who had been convicted and sentenced under the Sedition Act . The precedents contained in the repudiation of the Sedition Act applied to the present , Brennan insisted . For the First Amendment to remain meaningful , the only way a public official could be allowed to recover damages for a defamatory falsehood against him was if he could prove the falsehood was made with " ` actual malice ' -- that is , with knowledge that it was false or with reckless disregard of whether it was false or not . " Requiring a government critic to guarantee the truth of all his factual assertions on pain of a libel judgment risked imposing , as Brennan noted , "  self-censorship . " The result was a legal threshold that made it very difficult to charge the critic of a government official with libel . In a front page story , Times Supreme Court reporter Anthony Lewis , who would later write the definitive book on the Sullivan case , pointed out the Supreme Court had established a new "  constitutional landmark for freedom of the press and speech . " "  The case could have an immediate impact on press coverage of race relations in the South , " Lewis went on to say . He was right . What he could not foresee was how in subsequent decades Sullivan would also lessen the threats writers faced when they investigated the Watergate scandal , reports by America 's Vietnam commanders of the number of enemy killed and the claims of the George W. Bush administration that Saddam Hussein 's Iraq possessed weapons of mass destruction .	Nicolaus Mills : Landmark New York Times v. Sullivan case rooted in civil rights movement He says Supreme Court 's decision upholding press freedom echoes for cases today He says challenge was over an ad in raising money for defense of MLK in the South Mills : Ad had errors ; court held public officials could n't collect damages if there was no malice
CNN  -- When it comes to fast food , the big chains ca n't help going over the top . April brought consumers the Double Down heard around the world -- a bunless bomb o ' meat from KFC touting the slogan "  It 's real . " Bloggers taste-tested it , The New York Times 's restaurant critic reviewed it , it was a top trending topic Twitter alongside the likes of Justin Bieber - and after two weeks , did the company 's Double Down wager pay off ? The stakes are high indeed , especially after KFC 's sales fell 5.8 percent in 2009 , according to food industry research firm , Technomic . "  Unfortunately , we are not able to provide sales information , " KFC 's Public Relations Manager , Rick Maynard , told CNN . Those numbers only become available from Yum ! Brands , the chain 's parent company that also owns Taco Bell and Pizza Hut , during its quarterly reporting . "  It -LSB- the Double Down -RSB- continues to generate a tremendous amount of online buzz , from videotaped taste tests on YouTube to real-time , in-store reviews via Twitter . If social media is an indication , the Double Down is developing quite a cult following . " Maynard said . But does the adage "  any publicity is good publicity " hold true ? "  Stunt food has been a part of restaurant life probably since the first time a chef put a napkin over a customer 's head in order to serve him a whole , rare , roasted ortolan , "  a legendarily decadent meal of a fatty bird , bones and all  wrote Sam Sifton , The New York Times restaurant critic . If the past is any indicator , the Evil Knievels of the fast food realm have worked . Though their calorie count is a lot more Evil than Knievel . St. Louis-based Hardee 's Food Systems Inc. rolled out its now-infamous Monster Thickburger in 2004 . The self-proclaimed "  monument to decadence " features two 1/3 pound Angus beef patties , four bacon strips , three slices of American cheese , and mayonnaise on a buttered sesame seed bun - and clocks in at approximately 1,420 calories and 107 grams of fat . For Hardee 's , the sales for the fast food chain have risen steadily since it found its niche in behemoth burgers . The Monster Thickburger produced an 8 percent growth in sales during its first year alone . "  And I have to give KFC credit for doing something to get rid of all that grilled chicken , " said Jenna Petroff , public relations and social media manager of Hardee 's Food Systems . "  Oh , and we 've been doing that non-bread-as-a-carrier-thing since 2003 with the Low Carb Thickburger and Low Carb Six Dollar Burger . " Lettuce replaces the bun in these creations . In 2005 , Burger King went against the fast food industry trend of offering more healthy choices by introducing the Enormous Omelet Sandwich -- two eggs , two slices of cheese and three slices of bacon and sausage on a large bun . The 760-calorie no-utensils-required meal helped increase Burger King 's breakfast sales by 20 percent . The sandwich has since been discontinued in United States stores . Though these successes contain one thing the Double Down is fairly modest in : calorie count . The Double Down weighs in at 540 calories , 32 grams of fat , and 1,380 milligrams of sodium . While that 's still well over half the average adult 's recommended recommended daily allowance of sodium and nearly half a day 's fat intake , it 's practically a novelty compared to other chains ' dietary assaults . According to Advertising Age , this type of product could muddy KFC 's image after the chain heavily promoted the ostensibly healthful release of its grilled chicken in 2009 and most recently , its "  Buckets for the Cure " affiliation with cancer-fighting charity powerhouse , the Susan G. Komen Foundation . "  The series of stunts drove buzz and the introduction of grilled chicken spiked short-term sales , the moves also contributed to a lack of consistent brand positioning and a distraction from KFC 's flagship product -- both of which have hurt the chain , " said Emily Bryson York . Despite the buzz , the Double Down is still planned for a limited time only release -- through May 23 .	KFC launched its a bunless bomb o ' meat -- but did Double Down boost sales ? Advertising Age : KFC stunts contributed to a lack of consistent brand positioning But Hardees got a boost in sales from its Monster Thickburger In 2005 , Burger King got a boost from its Enormous Omelet Sandwich
CNN  -- Malaysia says it will send back to New Zealand an envoy who used diplomatic immunity to flee a sex charge there , defusing a messy wrangle between the nations . Malaysia 's government released a statement Wednesday saying it would return Second Warrant Officer Muhammad Rizalman Ismail to New Zealand "  to cooperate fully and assist " authorities in their investigation into allegations against him Ismail , 38 , faces charges of burglary and assault with intent to commit rape , relating to an alleged attack in Wellington on May 9 , according to officials in both countries . Superintendent Sam Hoyle , commander of Wellington police district where the alleged offenses took place , said in a statement that Ismail would be arrested at the New Zealand border and taken to the nearest court on his return . No date had yet been set for Ismail 's return , he said . New Zealand Foreign Minister Murray McCully welcomed the news of Ismail 's impending return , saying in a statement that it underlined the "  good faith and integrity " with which Malaysia had approached the case . Ismail was working as a defense staff assistant at Malaysia 's High Commission in Wellington when he allegedly stalked a 21-year-old woman and attacked her in her home . He was apprehended by police and appeared in court the next day , but returned to Malaysia with his family on May 22 , Malaysia 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs said in a statement . The case caused an outcry when it was reported in the New Zealand media , with Prime Minister John Key telling reporters it was his country 's "  very strong preference " that the man face justice there , rather than in Malaysia . But it later emerged that while at a formal level New Zealand had pressed Malaysia to waive Ismail 's diplomatic immunity , Malaysian officials were under the impression after informal discussions that the New Zealand government was comfortable with him returning home to face justice , CNN affiliate TVNZ reported . McCully apologized Wednesday for his ministry 's handling of the case , TVNZ reported . "  It is now clear to me that officials engaged in informal communications over what is a complex case , in a manner that would have been ambiguous to the Malaysian government , " he said in a statement . "  I can say that the Malaysian side have acted entirely in good faith . " Under the 1961 Vienna Convention , diplomats are granted full immunity from local laws while embassy staff are immune from criminal charges but not from specific civil matters . Malaysia 's Ministry of Foreign affairs said in its statement that it had "  complete faith in the New Zealand legal system " and "  full confidence " Ismail would be dealt with fairly .	Malaysian official who used diplomatic immunity to flee a sex charge caused outcry in New Zealand New Zealand PM John Key said he wanted the man to face justice in New Zealand Malaysia said Wednesday it would return the official to cooperate with New Zealand authorities The 38-year-old face charges of assault with attempt to commit rape , and burglary
CNN  Do black people have a history ? There have always been doubters . In 1843 Noah Webster , said by some to be the founding father of American scholarship and education , was asked by black minister Amos Beman to share "  some account of the origin of the African race . " Of Africans , Webster replied , "  there is no history , and there can be none . " To be outside of history in Webster 's view , was to be in a permanent state of "  barbarism , " without the benefit of Europe 's civilizing influence . Webster 's view is no throwback . Take the 2007 example of then-French President Nicolas Sarkozy who , during a state visit to Senegal , remarked : "  The tragedy of Africa is that the African has not fully entered into history . " Sarkozy deemed Africa a place unaffected by change and without a capacity for progress , and thus beyond historical analysis . Neither Webster nor Sarkozy was correct , of course . Scholars of Africa and its Diaspora -- in the 19th century and today -- have refuted the notion that black people have ever existed outside of history . Their studies explain the evolution of varied black cultures with complex political , economic and social pasts . African empires , we learn for example , were as ancient and as brilliant as any of Europe . Black History Month has provided one response to these questions . But today it has critics . Filmmaker Shukree Hassan Tilghman asked whether it was time to do away with Black History Month in his 2010 documentary , "  More Than a Month . " Tilghman captured the controversy that surrounds who tells black history and by what terms . Some critics suggest that a one month ritual is inadequate to the task . The hashtag campaign # 28daysarenotenough is being used to express the impossibility of exploring the entirety of the black past in one month 's time . But others go further , advocating that the month should fall victim to its own success . Black history , in this view , is an established part of American history . Relegating the subject its own month segregates African American history from the "  we " in "  we the people . " Black History Month grew out of a desire to make the black past visible . In 1926 , Harvard-trained historian Carter G. Woodson sought to challenge the myth that black people were without a history . His platform was the Association for the Study of Negro Life and History  today 's Association for the Study of African-American Life and History  . Woodson 's Association created the Journal of Negro History to promote research and writing on Africa and its Diaspora in an era during which much of the historical profession was indifferent to the subject . Woodson began with just a week . He noted how in early February Americans celebrated the birthdays of Abraham Lincoln and Frederick Douglass and deemed it Black History Week . Woodson 's goal was to make history available to teachers , students and the public . The Civil Rights and Black Power movements fueled interest , so much so that by 1976 , the association expanded the national marking of black history to the month that we know today . To some degree , Woodson 's goals have been realized . Black history is a major subject of research and writing , in mainstream as well as in historically black colleges and universities . This work reaches beyond educational settings , into popular culture . The recent historical films "  Selma " and "  12 Years a Slave " grew out of long-standing scholarly interest in their subjects . Still , as we face new frontiers of knowledge , Black History Month 's ongoing importance is clear . . I learned this first hand while researching , with students at the University of Michigan , the life of Arabella Chapman , a free African American woman who chronicled post-Civil War life in a unique photo collection . Chapman 's beautifully preserved , leather-bound photo albums from the 1890s are in our library . To bring her story to a broader public , we set our sights on Wikipedia , the online encyclopedia . We got stuck , and through the Global Women of Color Write-In we learned that African American subjects like ours are under-represented in Wikipedia . We did get Chapman a page , but there was more work to do . Enter Black History Month . This year , the Wikipedia Foundation has partnered with institutions such as Washington 's Howard University to ensure that black people have a history , Wikipedia style . And , last Thursday night , a faculty-student team gathered in Howard 's Moorland-Spingarn Library to create some of those missing entries . Black history is not a static subject . Carter Woodson 's association will mark its 100th anniversary in 2015 as a thriving site for the production of new historical understanding . Nor can black history be taken for granted . With the emergence of new learning resources and technologies comes the task of reasserting the relevance of Africa and its Diaspora . Carter Woodson 's vision stands the test of time . And his approach -- which we call Black History Month -- helps ensure that understandings of the black past extend beyond ivy-covered towers and into the lives of students , teachers and the world . The opinions expressed are solely those of Martha S. Jones .	Historian Carter G. Woodson created Black History Week to highlight the history and achievements of African Americans Some argue that relegating African American history to one week or month per year is too constraining Martha S. Jones : The month ensures "  that understandings of the black past extend beyond ivy-covered towers "
LONDON , England  CNN  -- In 1981 , Dr Mohga Kamal-Yanni was preparing to leave Egypt for a clinical attachment in England when her father had a heart attack . He fell in the street , and was taken to a public hospital , where Dr Kamal-Yanni kept vigil at his bedside until he regained his strength . A doctor at a hospital in India where health indicators have showed no significant improvement in seven years . During his stay in the hospital , she was appalled at the low level of healthcare available to him . "  It was awful . There was no medicine , " she told CNN . As a doctor , Kamal-Yanni was able to watch over her father 's progress . Her professional opinion on his recovery was striking . "  My father survived that heart attack for two reasons , " she said . "  One , because of God 's will , and two , because he had a strong will . It was nothing to do with the health service . " The following year , Kamal-Yanni came to England to do a clinical attachment . She found herself deeply affected by the stark contrast between the healthcare available in Britain , on the publicly funded National Health Service , and the healthcare available at home in Egypt . She found herself slipping into depression . "  I could n't talk to the patients ; I could n't talk to the doctors . I just could n't cope with it , " she revealed to CNN . "  I could n't understand why every time I saw a monitor next to a patient I was so upset . " It dawned on her that the gulf in care was troubling her . "  I kept thinking why on earth my dad did n't have that . The only reason was that he happened to be born in Egypt and these people had the luck to be born -LSB- in England -RSB- . " Kamal-Yanni is now a senior health & HIV policy advisor at third-world charity Oxfam . Her first-hand experience of the divide between the healthcare available in richer countries , and that on offer in poorer ones , has given her the impetus to try and narrow the gap . While Western countries are pushing the boundaries of scientific knowledge , discovering the potential of nanotechnology and other high-tech solutions to the developed world 's diseases , like diabetes , cancer and obesity , poor countries are struggling to combat health problems such as HIV , malaria and TB . Lack of infrastructure And it 's not as simple as shipping medicines and supplies in bulk quantities . Oxfam 's "  Paying for People " report , published in February this year , said that poor countries are suffering because they lack the infrastructure of a health service . The WHO 's 2006 "  World Health Report " also indicates that 4.25 million doctors , nurses and health workers are needed across 57 countries . Sub-Saharan Africa , for example , has 600,000 health workers : one million more are required . Without these key workers , it is questionable whether healthcare in poor countries can be improved . Nicky Wimble , a spokesperson for Oxfam , told CNN , "  There is money coming in for drugs now , but there 's no commitment to long-term aid . " Governments are unable to give healthcare workers with job security and doctors and nurses , where they do exist , are largely poorly paid : so people choose other careers . "  They 're either becoming taxi drivers , or working for private businesses , " Wimble says . This double brain-drain  one internal , one external as those who do train are tempted away by higher salaries and brighter futures in developed countries  means that even if drugs make it to poorer areas , there can be no one to administer them . "  Drugs are sitting in cupboards , " Wimble told CNN . "  Or they 're available in cities but people in rural areas do n't have the bus fares to get to them . " Vulnerable to disease Dr Kamal-Yanni backs this up . She told CNN , "  There is no public investment in health systems so people have to pay for it . If you 're poor you ca n't buy your healthcare and if you 're a woman who happens to be poor you might as well forget it . " And in countries where no healthcare system exists , people are extremely vulnerable to diseases , which can spread rampantly and unchecked through communities . Dr Kamal-Yanni paints a worrying picture . "  Particularly in Africa , they 're not equipped to face anything -- not HIV , let alone avian flu . If something like avian flu hit Africa with no health system , no health workers and no money , it would spread . We ca n't contain it in Africa . The world would wake up and realize that , but in the meantime , it would have wiped out goodness knows how many millions of people . " It 's not just in Africa . HIV is a known crisis there , but it is anticipated that more people will be infected in India than anywhere else , as the disease spreads quickly through its billion-strong population . Increasingly , countries like these are having to deal with a boom in incommunicable diseases , like diabetes and cancer . Chronic diseases like diabetes have the additional problem that they require long-term care , and therefore long-term funding . Dr Kamal-Yanni explained the difficulties of that situation . "  You buy the pills today , but maybe tomorrow you do n't have enough money so you 're never cured and develop complications . " What lies ahead ? Dr Kamal-Yanni sees three possible outcomes for health in poor countries . The first , as she explained , is bleak . She told CNN , "  If things continue as they are , with rising infection , increasing resistance to drugs , HIV and malaria run unchecked , chronic and non-communicable diseases are ignored and no money is spent on a health system , then the gap will just increase and the situation will get worse and worse . " Dr Kamal-Yanni is hopeful , however , that the situation will improve somewhat . She explained a second scenario , the one she feels is most likely to happen . "  If the international community invests a little bit , things will be slightly better , " she told CNN . "  More people with HIV will get treatment , as will people with TB and malaria . But non-communicable chronic diseases -LSB- like diabetes -RSB- will be ignored . " But large-scale epidemics like avian flu or SARS would still remain a huge threat in this scenario , as would diseases like cancer . "  Who 's going to pay for medicine for cancer , which is increasing like anything in developing countries ? " asks Dr Kamal-Yanni . "  Nobody . " Hope for the future But there is a third scenario , which holds out more hope for people in developing countries . Dr Kamal-Yanni says , "  If public pressure is high , southern governments , donors and the international community will decide that health is really a priority . We 'll put our money where our mouth is and we 'll fulfil the commitments that we 've made before . " She says that in the first instance , African countries need to be encouraged to divert 16 percent of their budget to health .  Currently , nearly a third allocate less than five percent .  "  Then they will realize that this is not enough , so they 'll put in more , " she continues . If this money were to be added to the $ 50 billion promised by G8 , the Group of Eight leading industrialized nations , in Gleneagles in 2005 , it would have a huge impact on health and education , particularly in Africa . And education is the key , Dr Kamal-Yanni believes . She explained , "  You ca n't separate health and education because unless you educate doctors and nurses , and midwives and pharmacists , you ca n't run a health service . " Working together It 's also important for donors and governments to work together to provide a cohesive service , she says . "  They really need to start coordinating their work so it 's not a series of vertical programs that do n't relate to each other and waste resources . " Oxfam 's Nicky Wimble agrees . She told CNN , "  Over the last 100 years , countries like France , Britain and America have developed by giving their people free education and healthcare . It 's a major way to bring people out of poverty . " Wimble cites the example of education , where the number of children not in school worldwide has fallen from around 120 million to around 80 million . "  The key is getting governments to commit to it as a part of their aid package , and monitoring the aid package so that the money is tracked to ensure that it gets to where it 's intended , " she said . "  It 's working for education , and they think it 'll work for healthcare too , but it needs committed investment . " And in the meantime , people like Mohga Kamal-Yanni will continue their work to pressure governments to encourage positive change . She says , "  That 's my motivation to do this work . It 's not for me ; it 's a life thing . My dream in life is for everybody in Africa to have access to a publicly financed , publicly run healthcare service with strong regulation , quality , care and equity . " E-mail to a friend	Oxfam : Lack of infrastructure is the greatest danger to health in poor countries WHO : 4.25 million more doctors and nurses needed worldwide Poor countries wo n't cope with SARS , avian flu Positive policy changes have seen number of children not in school fall by a third
Siem Reap , Cambodia  CNN  -- Maneuvering slowly through grassy Cambodian terrain , a caravan of 20 men and women is on a search-and-rescue mission . Dressed in military fatigues , they are guided by a fearless leader who calculates every step and ensures the safest path for his comrades . It takes just minutes for the unit to confront the first of many hidden targets : a muddied 20-year-old land mine buried a few inches beneath the ground . "  This is an active land mine made from Russia . -LSB- If -RSB- we step on -LSB- it -RSB- ... it explodes and cuts the leg off , " says Aki Ra , leader of the Cambodian Self Help Demining team . He and his group are working to make their country safer by clearing land mines -- many of which Aki Ra planted himself years ago . Aki Ra , a Cambodian native who does not recall his birth year , was a child soldier during the communist Khmer Rouge regime , a genocidal crusade responsible for the deaths of an estimated 1.5 million Cambodians during the 1970s . He was raised by the army after being separated from his family during the internal conflict . Around age 10 , Aki Ra estimates , he was given a rifle that measured his own height . Soon after , he was taught to lay land mines . For three years , Aki Ra worked as a mine layer for the Khmer Rouge . He then did the same job for the Vietnamese army that overthrew his village . "  I maybe planted 4,000 to 5,000 land mines in a -LSB- single -RSB- month , " said Aki Ra , who says he 's about 40 years old now . "  We planted them all over the place . " Watch a slideshow of some young land-mine victims Aki Ra has helped According to the Cambodian Mine Action and Victim Assistance Authority , an estimated 4 million to 6 million land mines were laid in Cambodia during three decades of conflict . The mines were planted to defend strategic military locations , target warring opponents and deny the use of roads . "  I had -LSB- bad -RSB- feelings , because sometimes we were fighting against our friends and relatives , " Aki Ra said . "  I felt sad when I saw a lot of people were killed . A lot of people were suffering from land mines . -LSB- But -RSB- I did not know what to do , -LSB- because -RSB- we were under orders . " Approximately 63,000 civilians and soldiers have been in accidents involving land mines and other explosive weapons , according to the Cambodian Mine Victim Information System . Nearly 19,000 of them were killed . Today , Cambodia reportedly has one amputee for every 290 people , one of the highest ratios in the world . When the United Nations came in the early 1990s to help restore peace to Cambodia , Aki Ra saw an opportunity to begin undoing the damage he and others had done . He started training with the U.N. and helping them clear mines . It was around this time he got the name he goes by today . He was born Eoun Yeak , but he was so skilled at clearing mines that his supervisors began comparing him to AKIRA , a heavy-duty appliance company in Japan . One reportedly commented , "  He works just like an AKIRA . " The name stuck . Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2010 CNN Heroes In 1993 , one year after working with the U.N. , Aki Ra decided to begin clearing mines alone . "  Some of the areas I was clearing were places where I used to plant mines before , " he said . "  I did n't have any equipment . ... I clear by knife , by stick . " For Aki Ra , this bare-hands technique "  was n't dangerous . It was easy . " But easy did n't mean legal . The method was not in accordance with international standards , which requires protective gear and other professional equipment . So in 2005 , he went to the United Kingdom to receive formal training and accreditation . In 2008 , Aki Ra formed his nonprofit demining organization . Comprised of native Cambodians , it includes former soldiers and war crime victims . One of the workers is an amputee who lost a leg to a land mine . " -LSB- Our -RSB- goal is to clear land mines in rural villages for the people who need the land for building houses or farming or building schools , " Aki Ra said . Aki Ra and his organization devote all of their donated funds to clearing Cambodia 's rural "  low-priority " villages . These villages , populated primarily by poor farmers , do not always receive first dibs for minefield clearance projects because of their remoteness and limited traffic . At times , they 're completely overlooked . "  Villagers report land mines every day , and they ask us to destroy -LSB- them -RSB- , " Aki Ra said . "  The people are afraid of mines . Whether there are a lot of land mines or only a few , -LSB- we -RSB- still have to clear the area so that the people in the village can be safe . " Kuot Visoth , chief of Prey Thom village , was relieved when the team arrived in early July to clear his village . "  I know the area around the school has a lot of land mines , and I am afraid that when the children come to school and play , they will step on them , or the villagers ' buffaloes grazing in the area would be killed , " Visoth said . Aki Ra estimates that he and his group have cleared more than 50,000 land mines and unexploded war weapons such as bombs and grenades . The Cambodian government says there are 3 million to 5 million mines still undiscovered . Many of Aki Ra 's recovered land mines and unexploded weapons are on display at a museum in Siem Reap . For $ 2 , visitors can touch defused mines and bombs as well as AK-47 rifles and war uniforms . "  I had an idea to open a land mine museum to teach people to understand about war , land mines , " he said . "  Even though the war -LSB- is -RSB- finished , -LSB- these explosives -RSB- still kill people , and the land can not be used . " Also at the museum is an orphanage that Aki Ra and his wife , Hourt , opened about a decade ago . Roughly 100 children , some injured by land mines , have been cared for over the years . The orphanage provides food and shelter for the children and sends them to public school . "  I brought them to the museum because I could provide them with -LSB- a -RSB- better situation , " Aki Ra said . "  If I did n't help them , they would have a very difficult life . " The orphanage 's first resident , Sot "  Tol " Visay , lost a leg to a mine . He was living on the street when Aki Ra was demining in his province . Aki Ra offered Visay a home , and Visay has spent the past seven years living there . "  This place has been very good to me , " said Visay , now 21 . "  Mr. Aki Ra does not want anything from me . Instead , he encourages all people here to study , to gain knowledge . " Hourt died last year from a stroke , leaving Aki Ra to care for his three biological children and 27 orphans ages 10 to 20 . Aki Ra is thankful to have caretakers , teachers , a chef and a driver who help look after the children during his demining missions , which can last up to 25 consecutive days every month . "  All the children living in my center I consider as my own children . They call me father , " said Aki Ra , whose efforts in Cambodia will be highlighted in an upcoming documentary , "  A Perfect Soldier . " "  I have told them about my personal life . They understand all about my history . I tell the children that they should study hard , do good acts and love each other . " Want to get involved ? Check out the Cambodian Self Help Demining website at www.cambodianselfhelpdemining.org and see how to help . You can nominate a 2010 CNN Hero at cnnheroes.com . CNN 's Miranda Leitsinger and Tim Schwarz contributed to this report .	As a child soldier for the Khmer Rouge , Aki Ra planted up to 5,000 land mines a month Now he goes into rural villages to find remaining mines and defuse them Aki Ra has also taken in about 100 orphans , some injured by land mines Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2010 CNN Heroes
Madrid  CNN  -- Several thousand demonstrators took to the streets of the Spanish capital Sunday , protesting unemployment a week before voters elect a new government . The march past the world-famous Prado museum and Madrid 's city hall ended at the Puerta del Sol plaza , where economic protests began last May . As riot police passed the demonstrators , protesters shouted "  Less police , more education , " a criticism of cutbacks in education during Spain 's deep economic crisis . The demonstration was smaller than one held October 15 , when at least 10,000 people marched in Madrid on a day when Occupy Wall Street-style protests spread to Europe , Asia and Australia . The Spanish newspaper El Pais said tens of thousands of people demonstrated in Barcelona that day . Similar protests over the economy turned violent in Italy , with at least 70 people injured and a government building set on fire , but the Spanish demonstrations remained peaceful . Protester Esteban Guerrero , 25 , who 's been to a dozen protests since last May , said he was not discouraged by the smaller crowd on Sunday . "  Each demonstration is not just one more , " Guerrero said . "  Many young people and workers take part . Some are bigger than others but what 's important is that thousands turn out each time . " A journalism student in his final year of university , he said his job prospects after graduation are bleak , with the country 's youth unemployment rate about 45 % , twice the national average . "  It 's a very precarious situation for young people in Spain , and getting worse , like it is for youth in Greece and Portugal . There 's a big deterioration , " Guerrero said . Next Sunday 's election , which the opposition conservatives are expected to win , will not be enough to change things , he added . "  I think it 's necessary to vote , but that 's not enough . People feel the elections wo n't change the situation . They wo n't stop the cutbacks , " he said . That 's why people keep coming out onto the streets , he said .	Protesters are angry about Spain 's high unemployment Voters go to polls next week , but one protester says that wo n't do enough Opposition conservatives are expected to win November 20 elections
CNN  -- The highest-level talks between the United States and North Korea since President Barack Obama took office unfolded Wednesday in Pyongyang , with a virtual lock-down on information . The top U.S. envoy for North Korea , Stephen Bosworth , is on a three-day visit for meetings to determine whether North Korea will return to six-party talks on its nuclear program . The veteran diplomat is the first senior official from the Obama administration to hold direct talks with Pyongyang . The White House offered no new details about the talks , and North Koreanstate media only acknowledged Bosworth 's arrival in a one-line report . North Korea abandoned the six-party talks last April , declaring them "  dead , " in anger over international criticism of its nuclear and missile tests . But the North also sent signals that it wanted to pursue bilateral talks with the United States instead of a multilateral dialogue . Meanwhile , the North also has cooled its tough rhetoric against the United States . Many are wondering what 's behind the North 's latest moves . "  The visit gives North Korea a lot of ` face , ' a sense of importance , " said Wenran Jiang , political science professor at the University of Alberta in Canada . Some analysts say North Korea might just be trying to buy time . Earlier reports in Seoul claimed that North Korea is in the final stages of restoring its Yongbyon nuclear plant , which Pyongyang had begun to disable before walking away from the six-party talks in April . Given the secrecy of the North , those reports could not be verified . Analysts say North Korea is also desperate to break out of its diplomatic isolation and ease its economic pain , especially after the U.N. Security Council imposed tougher sanctions on the communist country in response to Pyongyang 's nuclear and missile tests earlier this year . Another reason for Pyongyang 's moves , analysts say , is neighboring China . When Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao visited Pyongyang in October , China pledged much-needed economic , trade and military aid to its communist ally . During the three-day visit , President Kim Jong Il indicated that North Korea was willing to return to the stalled six-party talks -- on condition that there would be progress in direct talks between North Korea and the United States . China has hosted several rounds of the six-party talks , which bring together the United States , North and South Korea , Japan , Russia and China . The talks aim to negotiate a deal for North Korea to abandon its nuclear program in exchange for security guarantees and aid . In the end , Pyongyang wants direct talks with Washington that will eventually lead to diplomatic ties , a peace treaty and economic and trade relations . "  China can only act as a go-between , but in the end , the U.S. and North Korea will have to resolve critical issues between themselves , " Jiang said . A U.S. State Department official said Bosworth would not carry any new proposals or new initiatives on his visit . "  Our goal here is , of course , the resumption of the six-party talks and to secure North Korea 's reaffirmation of the September 2005 joint agreement , " State Department spokesman Ian Kelly said a few days before Bosworth 's trip . He added : "  The complete and verifiable denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula ... will be the focus of Ambassador Bosworth 's trip to Pyongyang . " Some observers point to a wide difference in the United States and North Korea 's negotiating positions . Selig Harrison , an expert on North Korea who has visited the North many times said , "  the U.S. side always says we do n't want to buy the same horse twice . Defense Secretary  Robert  Gates actually said that several months ago , meaning that we keep giving North Korea things to get results which we do n't get and we feel that we 've been cheated and we 're making the same deal over and over again . But actually the North Koreans feel that they 're the ones who do n't get what we have promised . " Bridging their differences , observers say , will not be easy . "  If Bosworth can persuade the North Koreans to return to the six-party talks , all the better , " said Zha Daojiong , a professor at Peking University in China . "  On the other hand , it will be understandable if he does not . In terms of negotiations , just about all the cards have been put on the table , " he said . "  It is critically important to be patient with both North Korea and the United States . " Some see the potential for progress . Koh Yu-hwan , an expert on North Korea at Dongguk University in Seoul , South Korea , said there might be options when it comes to North Korea 's nuclear weapons . "  It 's not that clear-cut , " he said . "  The Korean War ended with an armistice . Technically the war is not yet over . The North wants nuclear weapons as a deterrent against the U.S. So , if the U.S. offers a security guarantee , pledges that it would n't try a ` regime change ' and sign a peace treaty with North Korea , the goal of denuclearization is still possible . " Bosworth 's visit comes after meeting with U.S. allies . He stopped in Seoul on Monday to brief South Korean officials on his trip to the North . Bonnie Glaser , a North Korea analyst at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington , noted that even the North 's renewed indication that it might return to the stalled six-party talks is not enough and there still is a long way to go to accomplish the denuclearization goal . After his visit to the North , Bosworth is expected to consult with the other six-party countries before returning to Washington . CNN 's Jaime FlorCruz contributed to this report .	Highest-level talks between U.S. and N. Korea since President Obama took office unfold in Pyongyang U.S. envoy Stephen Bosworth will try to determine if North will return to six-party talks on its nuclear program U.S. officials maintain Bosworth does not know in advance Pyongyang 's position North Korea 's missile launches and nuke test in April brought U.N. Security Council condemnation
Rock Hill , South Carolina  CNN  A long walk for justice will end soon for nine African-American men who pioneered the "  jail , no bail " strategy during the lunch counter protests of the civil rights movement . The men , dubbed the Friendship Nine after the Rock Hill , South Carolina , college that eight of them attended , were looking to make a statement about the plight of the segregated South . And that 's just what they did . On Wednesday , the attorney who represented the men almost 5 1/2 decades ago is scheduled to return to court to have their names cleared . In a poetic twist , Circuit Court Judge John C. Hayes III , who will preside over the hearing , is the nephew of the judge who originally sentenced these largely unsung civil rights heroes . The prosecutor who pushed for this momentous day , 16th Circuit Solicitor Kevin Brackett of Rock Hill , leans on a quote from the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. when asked why he was motivated to take up the cause of the Friendship Nine : "  The arc of the moral universe is long , but it bends towards justice . " Lunch counter protests had become the cause celebre the year before , in 1960 , just two hours up the road in Greensboro , North Carolina . African-Americans , many of them students , sought to break the barrier of segregated lunch counters by sitting in "  white-only " sections . As the protests spread from Greensboro to other parts of the South , protesters were arrested and charged . Civil rights groups had to pay the mounting bails and fines that the protesters were incurring . The men of Friendship College wondered whether paying fines and bail -- to the very people who were oppressing them , no less -- was the best course of action . Rather than pay the $ 100 for their release , the men felt they could make a more profound statement by accepting the full punishment for trespassing : 30 days of hard labor . "  It showed that this was a moral crusade against injustice , " Rolundus Rice of The Martin Luther King Jr. . Center for Nonviolent Social Change in Atlanta said . "  Most of the support came from working-class African-Americans , so it was very expensive to bail out a lot of protesters . So , in a sense , what they did is turn the system on its head . So if you are going to incarcerate me , you are going to pay for it , " Rice said . On the evening of January 30 , 1961 , Clarence Graham , a student at Friendship and civil rights organizer , sat down to write a letter to his parents . "  By the time you read this , I suppose you both will be upset and probably angry , but I hope not . I could n't tell you , but this morning I wanted to , but just did n't know how . " He and his cohorts had been planning for months . They were ready on the morning of January 31 , 1961 , and just after 11 a.m. , they arrived at McCrory 's 5-10-25 cent Variety Store in downtown Rock Hill . Local authorities had caught wind of their plans and awaited their arrival . The men stood outside , protesting for a spell before entering . The details of exactly what happened inside were disputed in court , but what is known is that 10 men walked in and -- in defiance of the era 's Jim Crow laws -- sat at the counter where people of their skin color were forbidden . They were taken to jail , where they sat until their quick trial on trespassing charges . "  Try to understand that what I am doing is right , " Graham wrote to his parents before his arrest . "  It 's not like going to jail for a crime like stealing , killing , etc. , but we 're going for the betterment of all colored people . " They spent the night thinking and praying , hoping that what they did next would shock the conscience of a nation . Ernest Finney , a young African-American civil rights attorney from the area , represented the group . Records of the trial have long since been destroyed , so it 's not clear who said what in the courtroom , but the group was found guilty and offered a choice of paying a $ 100 fine or being sent to a labor camp for 30 days . Nine of the men chose the labor camp . One chose the fine . "  Jailers and the municipalities were receiving these funds to perpetuate the oppression , right ? " Rice asked . "  It was a practical reason behind the ` jail , no bail '  movement  . " The men were shipped out to the York County Prison Farm to begin their sentences , but according to local news reports , many of the Friendship Nine were sent to solitary confinement . Pictures from local newspapers document how the prison farm became a rallying point for protesters . It was a shot in the arm for the Southern Christian Leadership Conference , Congress of Racial Equality and NAACP , Rice said , because the authorities were saying , "  OK , we have to have another strategy to confront this . " The group served 28 days at the camp and was released early -- not for good behavior , but because local officials wanted to get them out before the national press arrived . On Wednesday , the national press will shine a spotlight on the men , in a reminder of the country 's checkered history on civil rights . Hayes is expected to right the wrong of his uncle by clearing the men 's names and vacating their sentences . Author Kimberly Johnson , who wrote a children 's book about the men , "  No Fear for Freedom , " was integral in getting the Friendship Nine 's case on the court docket . She met the still-living members of the Friendship Nine at a local restaurant in 2011 , and after listening to their story , found herself surprised that she had never heard of them . "  I was proud to be African-American because I looked at them and thought what a wonderful thing they had done to open the path for me as a children 's author , " she told CNN . "  I know I would not be where I am today if folks before me had not forged the way , so I was very honored to be in their presence . " After reading a speech from the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. addressing how demonstrators arrested for nonviolent protests were n't disobedient in the broad sense of the word , but rather , "  just being disobedient to the immorality of what that law represented , " she began thinking about what she could do to help vindicate the Friendship Nine , she said . She shared her thoughts with Brackett and asked whether the men could get a pardon , a request Brackett had field before . But he had his reservations . "  A pardon is an act of forgiveness , and what these guys needed was n't forgiveness because they did n't do anything wrong . What these guys needed was justice , and a pardon did n't really speak to the underlying problems with the fact of the conviction in the first place . " Having their convictions vacated would attack those underlying issues head-on , he felt , and while he 's proud to be able to "  play some small part in history " by exonerating the men , do n't call him a hero . "  The real act of heroism was done by these men 54 years ago , " he said . The men of the Friendship Nine , based on their activities and accomplishments both during and after their 1961 stand , are an impressive bunch . Here 's a little about them from James Felder , author of "  Civil Rights in South Carolina : From Peaceful Protests to Groundbreaking Rulings " : -- John Gaines was the NAACP president at Friendship during the 1961 protests . He went on to get his law degree at Howard University in Washington , then joined the NAACP Legal Defense Fund . He is now retired and living in Florence , South Carolina . -- Thomas Gaither was a CORE field organizer who traveled to Rock Hill to help organize the protests . He is the only one who did not attend Friendship . In the summer of 1961 , he helped organize the Freedom Riders in the South . After a stint in the Army , he became a biology professor . He is now retired and lives in Pennsylvania . -- Clarence Henry Graham was CORE 's chief organizer . After school , he joined the Air Force , then went on to become a social worker for South Carolina . He has now retired and lives in Rock Hill . -- W.T. "  Dub " Massey graduated from Friendship and went on to get his master 's degree from nearby Winthrop University . He spent his career teaching in public schools . He 's now semiretired  he still picks up a class or two as a substitute teacher  . -- Robert McCullough , the valedictorian of his high school before going to Friendship , was known by many as "  brilliant " and was a natural leader for the group . After college , he joined the Air Force . He earned degrees from Winthrop University in business administration and political science before returning to Friendship to teach . McCullough died in 2006 at age 64 . -- Willie McCleod was involved in the protest movement before coming to Friendship . After college , he volunteered for the Army and came home to Rock Hill after his service and started a business . He lives in Rock Hill and occasionally speaks to community groups about the events of the 1960s . -- James Wells graduated from Friendship and went on to enlist in the Air Force . After his time in the military , he went back to school and earned a law degree from the University of Illinois . He practiced law in Columbia , South Carolina , before retiring in Rock Hill . -- David Williamson Jr. moved to the North after school before returning to the Carolinas , where he became a banker and property manager . He has retired from full-time work but still works as a substitute teacher at Rock Hill schools . -- Mack Workman moved to New York after school and worked with troubled children as part of the state Office of Children and Family Services . He retired in 2006 and still lives in New York . CNN 's Victor Blackwell and Eliott C. McLaughlin contributed to this report .	The members of the Friendship Nine were convicted of trespassing in 1961 for a lunch counter sit-in Named for a South Carolina college , the men opted for jail over paying fines to "  oppressors " On Wednesday , a judge is expected to vacate their convictions and sentences
When someone is being stiff and acting emotionless , we may have to quit calling them a robot . Softbank , a Japanese Internet and telecommunications company , introduced the world Thursday to Pepper , a robot designed to read , and respond to , its user 's mood . "  People may look back 100 years later , or 200 years later  and say  that was a historic moment we are having today , " said Masayoshi Son , Softbank 's CEO , in a translated video on Softbank 's website . Pepper stands about 4 feet tall and weighs just 62 pounds . At the event in Tokyo , the little humanoid offered a traditional Japanese bow to the crowd before chatting with Son , shaking hands and urging him to smile . Pepper gets feedback from its user via facial-recognition technology and a bank of cameras , audio recorders and sensors in its head . Softbank says that instead of being programmed , Pepper learns how to behave over time . Feedback is uploaded to cloud storage where it can be used by other units to modify the way they behave . The robots will tailor their interactions with users based on what mood they perceive . "  He tries to make you happy , " Kaname Hayashi , Softbank 's project manager , told CNN . Pepper has fully articulated arms and hands but no legs , rolling on a base that looks something like the bottom of a sleek , white vacuum cleaner . There 's a tablet-like display mounted on the robot 's chest for communicating . It 's programmed to speak 17 languages . Softbank 's Son , who also is chairman of Sprint Mobile , said the company envisions a future when household robots are commonplace and used for tasks ranging from simple companionship to tending to the sick and elderly . Pepper was built in a collaboration between Softbank and Aldebaran Robotics , makers of other humanoid robots like Nao and Romeo . Pepper will sell for the equivalent of just under $ 2,000 -- a number that some analysts said was surprisingly low . Units are on display at two Softbank stores in Japan now and are expected to go on sale there early next year . There 's no word yet when , or if , Pepper will ever be available for sale outside of Japan .	Japanese robot programmed to sense emotions Pepper , from Softbank , uses sensors to read a users mood It will be released next year for just under $ 2,000
CNN  -- It was n't easy but Arsenal fans might not mind . Arsenal beat defending champion Wigan 4-2 on penalties at Wembley on Saturday to reach the FA Cup final and move a step closer to potentially ending a nine-year trophy drought . Having given away a penalty early in the second half -- converted by Jordi Gomez -- Arsenal 's Per Mertesacker then atoned for his mistake by scoring to send the game to extra time . Backup Arsenal keeper Lukasz Fabianski shone in the shootout , saving Wigan 's first two kicks . The win must have been a relief for Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger , who is under pressure to deliver silverware after the Gunners faded badly in the Premier League title race . His contract is due to expire at the end of the campaign . For Wigan , it can now fully concentrate on earning promotion back to the Premier League , safely in a playoff spot in the second tier . Wenger raised eyebrows when he started 21-year-old Yaya Sanogo up front instead of top scorer Olivier Giroud , even though the French under-21 international had n't found the back of the net in nine previous games this season . The gamble did n't pay off . Sanogo 's header in the fifth minute from Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain 's perfect cross -- Oxlade-Chamberlain sparkled in the first half -- was hit straight at Scott Carson and the striker 's poor first touch when he was put through allowed the former England starter to make another save late in the half . The game opened up in the second half , with Arsenal doing the early pressing . But winger Callum McManaman , man of the match from last year 's FA Cup final , burst into the box and went down under a challenge from Mertesacker to alter the momentum . Referee Michael Oliver paused before pointing to the spot and Gomez held his nerve to beat Fabianski in the 63rd minute , despite having to wait more than three minutes to take the penalty . Another upset -- Wigan ousted Manchester City in the quarterfinals -- was on the cards . Wenger responded by taking off German international Lukas Podolski -- one of Arsenal 's liveliest players on the day -- for Giroud , a decision booed by some Arsenal supporters . A botched Wigan clearance allowed Oxlade-Chamberlain to deliver another cross in the 80th minute and fullback Bacary Sagna hit the post . Arsenal continued to press and only two minutes later Carson saved from Kieran Gibbs ' header -- with Stephen Crainey clearing off the line as the ball went towards goal . The pressure paid off in the 82nd minute , however , Mertesacker heading home Oxlade-Chamberlain 's cross . Extra time proved to be less frenetic , although Oxlade-Chamberlain 's swerving shot struck the woodwork and Wigan 's Jack Collison sent his header from a good position in the box wide . Wigan manager Uwe Rosler elected to save Gomez for later in the penalty shootout and the move backfired . Fabianski stopped Gary Caldwell and Collison to put Wigan in an immediate hole and Santi Cazorla officially booked Arsenal 's ticket to the final when he beat Carson . Arsenal faces either Hull City or third-tier Sheffield United -- they play Sunday -- in next month 's final . But it was n't all good news for Arsenal on Saturday . Everton overtook Arsenal for fourth in the Premier League -- the final Champions League spot -- after blanking last-place Sunderland 1-0 for a sixth consecutive victory . Wes Brown 's own goal in the second half handed all three points to the visiting Toffees . With none of the title contenders playing until Sunday , attention mostly turned to the bottom of the table . Fulham beat Norwich 1-0 to move within two points of the road weary Canaries , who occupy the final safety spot . Crystal Palace boosted its survival hopes by topping struggling Aston Villa 1-0 , Cardiff City got a much needed win by surprising Southampton 1-0 away and Newcastle lost a fourth straight , 1-0 at Stoke . For the second time in two weeks at home , West Bromwich Albion could only manage a 3-3 draw after taking an early 2-0 lead , this time against Tottenham . Dropped points for Spurs , though , dented their Champions League ambitions . League leader Liverpool hosts third-place Manchester City on Sunday while second-place Chelsea travels to Swansea .	Arsenal wins FA Cup semi to move a step closer to ending its nine-year title drought Gunners edge Championship side Wigan on penalties to advance Everton overtakes Arsenal for fourth in the Premier League after beating Sunderland Fulham and Cardiff City register victories at the bottom of the standings
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A "  farce , " "  bitter " , "  ugly and chaotic , " "  sinister and slapstick and a "  public relations nightmare ; " the Olympic torch 's journey of harmony and peace hit a large protester-sized road hump in London , the world 's press commented Monday . British newspapers said the Olympic torch relay through London was a "  public relations nightmare . " The British and Chinese press were far from impressed with the chaotic scenes as the Olympic torch was carried through London by a mixture of celebrities , politicians and athletes on its way to Beijing . In the UK , The Times said the relay was "  reduced to farce and ignominy " as 35 protesters were arrested after clashing with police over China 's actions in Tibet . "  Despite nearly a year of planning and the deployment of 2,000 officers , the Metropolitan Police were unable to stop protesters breaking through the security cordon at vulnerable points , " the Times reported . "  It was a public relations nightmare for London , with images of Tibetans pinned to the tarmac by police , and demonstrators waving placards outside Downing Street . " Watch a gallery of the torch relay in London " The Daily Telegraph said the relay was nearly abandoned because of the "  ugly and chaotic " scenes . "  Organizers , including Chinese officials , discussed "  pulling out " of the day-long relay after just a few hours , as police fought running battles with wave after wave of anti-China protesters , " the newspaper reported . The Daily Telegraph said police were surprised by the "  relentless " attempts to disrupt the parade at "  every corner " of the route . The Mail said the relay turned into a "  sinister and slapstick " event "  which did Britain no favor in the eyes of the world . " "  Terrified athletes and celebrities carrying the torch were forced to run for cover , " it reported . Watch supporters , opponents of the Beijing Olympics show up at the London leg of the torch relay " "  Downing Street was privately furious as the embarrassing fiasco -- costing $ 2 million and likened to "  Chinese police state tactics " in London -- was beamed around the world on TV . " The Mail described the Chinese guards helping escort the flame as a "  mysterious private army . " "  Wearing blue tracksuits , the hired ` thugs ' barged protesters out the way and even shoved spectators in Downing Street , where the torch was greeted by -LSB- British Prime Minister -RSB- Gordon Brown . " The Independent said "  most spectators saw little more than a blur of fluorescent-yellow police jackets . " "  An enormous security cordon that had something of the pantomime about it turned the relay into a public relations embarrassment for both the Chinese and British authorities , " it said . The Guardian said the relay was "  a journey of harmony " but there was precious little unity on display " while the tabloid Sun described the scenes as "  shocking . " The New York Times said the relay descended into a "  tumult of scuffles , " and expressed concern about the torch 's future path ahead of its arrival in San Francisco on Wednesday . Look at a map of the international torch relay route "  The tour could prove jarring for Beijing . What organizers had billed as an occasion to celebrate the Olympics ' sporting ideals of peace and harmony turned into a daylong contest between China 's supporters and demonstrators protesting China 's crackdown in Tibet and its wider human rights record . " The Chinese press said London residents were indignant about the protests and quoted angry officials . The China Daily said "  tens of thousands of people lined the route of the relay to cheer the event ; far outnumbering protesters . " "  Many spectators voiced disapproval of attempts to disrupt the torch relay by those who claimed they had done so for ` political causes , ' " it reported . It quoted Nick , a British university student , who said that "  sports should be separated from political things . " A spokesman for the torch relay center of the Beijing Olympic Organizing Committee told the newspaper that the Olympic flame "  belongs to the world and the act of violating the Olympic spirit will surely arouse the indignation of the peace-loving people and is bound to fail . " Watch a report on the torch 's journey , Jowell 's comments " The China People 's Daily newspaper also carried comments from an organizing committee official criticizing the attempt by some "  pro-Tibet independence " activists to sabotage the relay in an "  obvious act of defying the Olympic spirit . " Meanwhile the Xinhua news service made no mention of the protests , preferring to focus on the cold weather and crowd numbers . "  The heavy snow in London exerted slim effect on people 's passion of seeing Beijing Olympic flame as large crowds lined along the street to greet the relay of torch on Sunday in the host city of 2012 Games , " it reported . The relay continues in Paris Monday , with an estimated 3,000 French police chaperoning the torch as it departs from the Eiffel Tower . E-mail to a friend	The Times labels torch relay a ` public relations nightmare ' for London Daily Mail questions presence of ` mysterious private army ' Olympic official says flame belongs to world 's ` peace-loving people '
Washington  CNN  -- What do tea party aligned Texas Sen. Ted Cruz and Democratic Rep. Jim McDermott of Washington state have in common ? Not a whole lot . But they are traveling to South Africa together to attend Nelson Mandela 's memorial service . The December 10 service at the Johannesburg soccer stadium will feature U.S. political luminaries , including President Barack Obama and former Presidents George W. Bush and Bill Clinton . Cruz 's office did not indicate the freshman Senator has any connection to Mandela , but Cruz said in a statement that he was "  honored " to be able to attend the event . Republican Sen. Ted Cruz , congressional Democrats to commemorate Mandela in South Africa Cruz is the only senator on the taxpayer-funded trip . He is with 22 members of Congress , mostly from the Congressional Black Caucus , which organized the trip that House Speaker John Boehner authorized . On the 20-hour flight , Cruz could sit near the only other Republican to attend , Rep. Aaron Schock of Illinois . Schock said he was "  humbled " to be asked by Boehner to lead the delegation and represent House Republicans . Or Cruz could sit near civil rights icon Rep. John Lewis of Georgia and other members of the CBC , who tend to have more liberal political leanings . Secret Service prepares for Obama 's last-minute trip to South Africa Cruz seems like the odd person out . The 42-year-old freshman firebrand has made a name for himself in the Senate , most recently for his filibuster to defund the Affordable Care Act . Don Stewart , a spokesman for Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , said the House-organized trip was "  opened to the Senate . " "  We notified all Senate offices of the quick availability . Senator Cruz requested to go on the trip , " Stewart said . When Cruz posted a note of condolence on his Facebook page last week , saying Mandela "  will live in history as an inspiration for defenders of liberty around the globe , " angry commenters blasted him for praising the South African leader , who died last week at 95 . Seliqua Bodina wrote , "  Wow you stepped in it this time . " And Dan Noxon said , "  Why do n't all you Mandela lovers head on over to South Africa and see what 's going on now that ` Mandela 's people ' have control of the nation ... . get out and mix with the people , experience what life is really like . Especially if you 're white . " Told about Cruz 's trip , Republican strategist , John Feehery , said he was "  speechless . " But then he said , "  Good for him . " "  Sometimes the best way to be a profile in courage is by taking on the nut jobs , " Feehery said , referring to the ugly comments Cruz got last week . Considered a potential 2016 presidential candidate , Cruz could benefit politically from the trip . Feehery said there is very little political risk in going and possibly a lot to gain . "  You look like a statesman ; you make invaluable contacts , since every important person in the world is going to be there , " Feehery said . A politically and personally challenging moment for Cruz could be when Cuban President Raul Castro speaks at the service . Cruz 's dad is from Cuba but fled at the age of 18 and Cruz is a vocal critic of the Castro regime , especially of former President Fidel Castro . On Mandela , Cruz said , "  He nobly chose reconciliation instead of retribution -- a legacy for which he will be remembered forever . "	Sen. Ted Cruz , R-Texas , is traveling with 22 members of Congress to South Africa The only other Republican attending is Rep. Aaron Schock He received vocal backlash for posting condolences for Nelson Mandela
CNN  -- Gore Vidal , the eclectic author who faithfully chronicled the major shifts and upheavals in the United States in books , essays and plays , has died . He was 86 . Vidal died at his Los Angeles home Tuesday evening of complications from pneumonia , his nephew Burr Steers said . The author had also been suffering from heart ailments . Widely hailed as one of America 's greatest men of letters , the aristocratic Vidal was a high-profile commentator on politics , including his bitter opposition to the war in Iraq and his belief that the United States had betrayed its humble roots to become an imperial power . Tribute : My friend , il maestro Gore Vidal Born into politics as a member of a rich and powerful family , he joined the Navy at 17 before shocking the world by writing one of the first novels to include an openly gay character : his 1948 work , "  The City and the Pillar . " "  He was the godfather of gay literature in spite of himself , " said Christopher Bram , author of "  Eminent Outlaws , " a profile of the groundbreaking homosexual authors of Vidal 's era . "  He really did n't want the title for himself , but he wanted to be acknowledged as being important to gay people . " In all , Vidal wrote some 25 novels , two successful Broadway plays , numerous screenplays , more than 200 essays and the memoir "  Palimpsest . " His collection of essays "  United States : Essays , 1952-1992 " won the National Book Award in 1993 , while a revival of his play "  The Best Man " -- about the backstabbing and deception surrounding a national political convention -- was nominated for a Tony award this year . A look back at his accomplishments Vidal also appeared in a number of films , including the political satire , "  Bob Roberts , " where he played a U.S. senator . He twice ran for office himself : as a candidate for Congress from upstate New York in 1960 , calling for the recognition of Communist China , and later as a Senate candidate in California in 1982 , which became the subject of a documentary . Throughout his life , Vidal did n't shy away from controversy -- either actively courting it or inviting it through his acerbic one-liners . He riled the right by saying the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks occurred because the Bush administration was "  incompetent " and Bush himself was "  inactive and inopportune . " Vanity Fair refused to publish an essay he wrote reflecting on the tragedy . He ruffled others by befriending convicted Oklahoma City bomber Timothy McVeigh and saying he understood "  why he did what he did . " The more they communicated , the more impressed he was by McVeigh , Vidal said . His book "  Perpetual War for Perpetual Peace : How We Got to Be So Hated " takes the position that both attacks were provoked by "  our government 's reckless assaults upon other societies . " A firestorm of criticism followed . "  I 've had hard targets in my lifetime , I 've taken on general superstitions , but that 's what writers do . So I certainly , would n't have changed my modus vivendi one bit , " he said of the furor . Vidal "  was always a gadfly , " Bram said . "  But in the last 10 to 15 years , it turned into this very bitter , not always rational anger with American government across the board . Conservatives , liberals -- he disliked them all , and could be intensely critical of them all . " Vidal often appeared on the television talk show circuit , going head-to-head with those with opposing viewpoints -- and gave as good as he got . Opinion : Vidal 's strengths and weaknesses He once compared author Norman Mailer to the infamous killer Charles Manson , which prompted Mailer to head-butt him before a show . Author Truman Capote once said he felt sad about Vidal , "  very sad that he has to breathe every day . " And in a live TV debate , conservative author and journalist William F. Buckley Jr. famously called him "  queer . " To be fair , Vidal had called him a "  crypto-Nazi " first . "  Well , I mean I won the debates , there was no question of that , " Vidal recounted in a CNN interview in 2007 . "  They took polls , it was ABC Television . ... And because I 'm a writer , people think that I 'm this poor little fragile thing . I 'm not poor and fragile . ... And anybody who insults me is going to get it right back . " He also voiced himself on the animated show "  The Simpsons . " Vidal would say he was a once-famous novelist who was relegated to going on television because people "  seldom read anymore . " "  All these literary prizes should go to the readers : ` Nobel Prize for the best reader in Milwaukee , ' " he said . "  And you know , we must honor them because they are so few . " But the truth is , Vidal , all his life , relished his role as provocateur , as an anti-establishmentarian , as a self-proclaimed conspiracy "  analyst . " Gore Vidal 's 12 best quotes Relishing his role He was born Eugene Luther Gore Vidal on October 3 , 1925 . His grandfather , T.P. Gore , helped write the state constitution of Oklahoma . His father , Eugene , played professional football , competed in the decathlon in the Antwerp Olympics in 1920 and , as an aviator , was instrumental in expanding the U.S. aeronautics program . And when his mother , Nina , remarried , Vidal shared a stepfather with Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis . He detested his mother  "  drunks are not much fun to be around "  and worshiped his grandfather , from whom he inherited his love for politics . "  He was blind , so from the age of 10 , I was reading to him . From the congressional record , from American history , poetry , " Vidal said . "  He was very good , he was extraordinary , he was my education . " Unlike his father , Vidal showed no interest in sports and took to writing at age 14 , joined the Navy at 17 and published his first novel , the World War II-themed "  Williwaw , " while on night watch in port at 19 . It was well-received . But it was his third novel , the coming-out tale "  The City and the Pillar , " that brought him notoriety . The book "  got reviews everywhere , " Bram said . "  It also got attacked everywhere , and he really ended up getting kicked in the teeth on it . He was only 23 years old , and I do n't think he expected it to be treated as autobiographical , which it was n't . " The novel came out at a time when laws against homosexuality were still on the books in all 48 states . As a result of the controversy , "  He backed away from the subject for a while , " said Bram , who teaches English at New York University . Homosexuality "  pops up here and there " in his later work , "  but never as strongly as in ` The City and the Pillar . ' " Opinion : Gore Vidal hates being dead Though Vidal 's homosexuality was an "  open secret , " Bram said , Vidal never claimed to be gay : He argued that the term "  homosexual " was "  an adjective , not a noun . " Vidal himself once said of the book , "  I sold a million copies and it caused much distress at The New York Times . " The newspaper , along with others , would not review his future work , forcing Vidal , the pariah , to write mysteries under the pseudonym Edgar Box -- and to turn to Hollywood . While not particularly enamored by it , he was good at churning out dramas for television . He took one of them , the science fiction political satire "  Visit to a Small Planet , " and successfully adapted it for Broadway . His other stage success came with "  The Best Man , " about two presidential contenders . Following his lucrative TV stint , Vidal returned to writing and produced three widely acclaimed novels that cemented his reputation as an internationally best-selling author : "  Julian "  1964  , about the Roman emperor who wanted to restore paganism ; "  Washington , D.C. "  1967  , the first of his fictional chronicles of American history ; and "  Myra Breckinridge "  1968  , a satirical treatise on transsexualism . At the same time , he published prolifically in magazines his critiques on politics , religion and sexuality . "  I would say that since 1945 , the United States , which was absolutely the ` mandate of heaven , ' as Confucius would say , had fallen upon us , " he told CNN in 2007 . "  The world was ours . ... We 'd lost it all . So , my war against American imperialism is my largest . " Obituaries 2012 : The lives they 've lived Steers , Vidal 's nephew , did not elaborate on funeral arrangements for the author , only saying that the family asks people to donate to the Alzheimer 's Association instead of sending flowers . Vidal said in the CNN interview that he wanted to be cremated and then have his ashes placed at Rockcreek Cemetery in Washington . The remains of his partner of five decades , Howard Austen , rest there . Austen died in 2003 . "  We share a plot , and I 'll be there , " Vidal said . "  And I 'll be looking forward to seeing him . " What did Vidal or his works mean to you ? Please share with us in the comments below . CNN 's Matt Smith contributed to this report .	NEW : Vidal was "  the godfather of gay literature , " author says He died of complications from pneumonia , his nephew says He wrote more than 20 novels and appeared in a number of films He unsuccessfully ran for office twice
CNN  -- There may be a little bit of panic that sets in as you approach a toll booth and you realize you do n't have any money on you . But apparently not for some people in Texas . Take , for instance , a man and woman from Pflugerville . According to the Texas Department of Transportation , their vehicle has passed a toll booth without someone paying more than 14,000 times . Make that 14,358 , to be exact . Well , through Wednesday . And the state really , really wants them to pay their bill -- $ 236,026.32 -- for the unpaid tolls and fines  the fines always get you  . Texas gave the duo and other toll scofflaws until Wednesday to pay up or else . The else turns out to be the state publicly releasing the names of the people it says are the top 25 violators . Congratulations , Austin ! All 25 are from your area . Sixteen drivers owe more than $ 100,000 , The state says all told it is owed $ 27 million from across the state -- at least 28,000 drivers owe more than $ 100 in unpaid tolls . There is good news ; Texas is willing to negotiate a settlement or give violators the option of a payment plan . CNN affiliate KXAN reported officials said they have already sent letters and made phone calls to people in advance of Wednesday 's deadline . By the way , if you were wondering , if someone drove twice each day on a toll road without paying , it would take 19Â 1/2 years to amass 14,000 violations . Texas also says if violators are pulled over for a traffic violation , they can have their cars impounded .	One vehicle has used Texas toll roads 14,000 times without paying Texas now publishes the names of the top violators All of the top scofflaws are from the Austin area At least a payment plan is available
