CNN  -- Amid the continuing bloodshed and turmoil in Syria , one thing is becoming clear : The Assad regime 's propaganda campaign against the opposition is resonating with some countries in the West and elsewhere . The regime has consistently characterized its opponents as "  terrorists . " And while the once peaceful Arab Spring-inspired demonstrations have long morphed into an armed insurrection that includes a wide array of Islamist groups of varying militancy , some in the international community are allowing their all-consuming fear of "  terrorism " prevent them from recognizing an equally dangerous ideology that not long ago engulfed the entire "  world " in a war that cost millions of people their lives , and which was responsible for unimaginable atrocities , the full scope of which is still being ascertained today . Those who have adopted the view that the Assad regime 's continuation in power is a "  lesser of two evils " should be under no illusions as to what their preferred option is : Fascism . If history is any indication , once a fascist "  mindset " has been inculcated into the support base of a regime , peace seldom follows . The quest for vanquishing enemies -- both internal and external -- never ceases . The international community 's reluctance to punish Syrian Bashar al-Assad over his obliteration of all norms governing civil wars , should make it consider the strong possibility that it will be compelled to confront him at some point in the near future , when he defies the rules of international relations by launching an unprovoked military attack against a nation on which he blames all Syria 's troubles . The most likely candidate is Saudi Arabia . While this scenario seems remote for a number of reasons -- logistics and the tattered state of the Syrian economy and military being the three most obvious -- one should remember that past fascist regimes ' ill-fated military adventures also took others by surprise , as they seemed to defy conventional wisdom on several fronts . Much like the ideologies that justify terrorism , fascism operates within unique moral parameters and therefore its calculus will always confound those who do not adhere to it . A scholar on terrorism recently put it best when he wrote that "  sacred values " produce "  devoted actors  as opposed to rational actors  , who are willing to resort to extreme violence with little regard to risks and rewards or costs and consequences . " The same is true of the most militant variants of fascism . People who dismiss such a scenario should listen carefully to al-Assad 's recent verbal assault against what he calls "  Wahhabism " and how it should be "  eradicated from the root . " Those who doubt that such an attack is within the realm of possibilities should remember another Baathist regime that based its legitimacy on military prowess and delusions of grandeur and that went from one devastating war to another ; former Iraq President Saddam Hussein 's . At the time of his war with Iran , many considered him "  the lesser of two evils . " In a fascist state , preserving the nation 's security , stability and unity against the machinations of internal and external enemies is dogma ; it is the founding myth of the Syrian regime . The fact that Assad 's forces have killed tens of thousands of Syrians and thousands more are unaccounted for , turned millions of others into refugees , leveled entire cities to the ground , reduced the size of the Syrian economy to a fraction of what it was before the civil war and turned Syria into the favorite destination of Islamist militants worldwide in the process , should give those who are ready to turn a new page with him pause . Writing in 1944 , the British novelist George Orwell justifiably advised against "  degrade -LSB- ing -RSB- it to the level of a swearword " by labeling anything with which we strongly disagree as "  fascism . " However , given its reprehensible brutality , insidious internal politics , and incendiary rhetoric over the past three years , one would be hard pressed to describe the Syrian regime as anything other than that . While scholars have long struggled with succinctly defining fascism and its wide variants , a cursory look at the modus operandi of the Assad regime suggests that it embodies the most salient characteristics of the most militant type of fascism . A hallmark of fascism is the reverence for the "  leader " who becomes the personification of the nation ; an attack on him becomes an attack on the entire nation . It is he who sets the vision for the people and there is little room for individual autonomy . Al-Assad has left no doubt that he would rather destroy Syria than step down . Fear , uncertainty , distrust Like Saddam Hussein , al-Assad 's pervasive internal security apparatus has adversely affected the political culture of millions of his countrymen , allowing fear , uncertainly and distrust to dominate people 's psyches . And while Hussein 's torture chambers were revealed after the regime was toppled in 2003 , Bashar 's security forces ' atrocities are being documented on a daily basis , often by the perpetrators themselves . The recent disclosure by three war crimes prosecutors of gut-wrenching photographs showing the emaciated corpses of thousands of detainees who died in al-Assad 's jails was more evidence suggesting that his atrocities are coming perilously close to those committed by the most infamous fascist regime in history : Nazi Germany . CNN can not independently confirm the authenticity of the photographs , documents and testimony referenced in the report , and is relying on the conclusions of the team behind it , which includes international criminal prosecutors , a forensic pathologist , an anthropologist and an expert in digital imaging . The Syrian regime denies torturing detainees . The Syrian Ministry of Justice dismissed the report , telling Al Jazeera it was politicized and lacking of objectivity and professionalism . Like other fascists before him , al-Assad has instilled an insidious ideology in his followers by controlling the media , and using the education system to inculcate a mind-set that glorifies war , militarism and witch-hunts . His regime has also become masterful at using short slogans intended to rouse his supporters ' nationalism and emotions , while simultaneously dehumanizing all of Syria 's "  enemies . " It is this indoctrination that enables al-Assad 's henchmen to kidnap thousands of children out of their homes and torture them to death . It is also this pathological outlook that justifies al-Assad 's alleged use of chemical weapons against civilian centers on more than one occasion .  Al-Assad denies that his troops had anything to do with the attacks . Fascist regimes also have a history of using religion and ethnicity to widen cleavages in society to ensure that different groups do not conspire against them . Despite all their talk about secularism , both Saddam Hussein and Bashar al-Assad used religion to sow division , distrust and even fear among the various religious and ethnic groups . Both brutally oppressed the religious majority and preyed on the fears of religious and ethnic minorities . Potential attacks ? Saddam Hussein surprised many when he attacked Iran and shocked the world when he invaded Kuwait . And while al-Assad 's reign thus far has not included such reckless military adventures , the past three years have unmasked the true fascist character of his regime . Should he regain full control over Syria , al-Assad might feel emboldened and attack his main adversaries . If Syria becomes a full-fledged failed state , he may feel more compelled to deflect from his domestic weakness by undertaking a "  heroic " show of strength to raise the morale of his supporters and to bring back to the fold some of his opponents under the banner of nationalism . As an added bonus , such an attack would also test the resolve of the United States and its military footprint in the Gulf . The world has repeatedly underestimated the fascist mind-set . But just as it is standing united against terrorism , the international community should not forget the devastation that fascism unleashed on the world and realize that its specter is currently hovering over the Middle East . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Fahad Nazer .	A fear of "  terrorism " is obscuring the threat of fascism in Syria , writes Fahad Nazer Once a fascist mindset has been instilled into a support base , peace seldom follows , he says If al-Assad 's regime were to regain control of Syria , it might turn on other nations , he says The world should remember the devastation wrought by fascist powers in the past , Nazer says
GLASGOW , Scotland -- Jean-Claude Darcheville and Nacho Novo both scored twice to fire leaders Rangers to a 4-0 win at Hearts , their 10th consecutive Scottish Premier League victory . Jean-Claude Darcheville scored two first-half goals as Rangers cruised to a 4-0 victory at Hearts . Hearts found themselves ripped apart by a rampant Rangers side , who sent out a clear message to rivals Celtic by maintaining their four-point advantage at the summit . Darcheville claimed the opener after 25 minutes , cutting inside from the left and squeezing his shot inside the far post from a tight angle . The same player added a second two minutes before the break , scoring from close range after a Barry Ferguson corner was not cleared . Darcheville was withdrawn for Novo at the interval , but if Hearts thought the departure of the Frenchman meant some much-needed respite , they were sadly mistaken . Novo was on the pitch for seven minutes when he helped himself to a goal of his own . Charlie Adam set up the shot with a low ball across goal and all that was required from the striker was to bundle home from close range . The same two players combined again to supply Rangers with their fourth goal with 69 minutes gone . Adam was again the provider and this time Novo produced a cheeky back-heel finish from five meters . Meanwhile , goals by Scott McDonald and Georgios Samaras gave Celtic a hard-fought 2-1 win at home to Inverness Caledonian Thistle . Australian international McDonald 's 25th goal of the season right on the interval gave the champions the lead and his Greek team-mate bulleted an Aiden McGeady cross past goalkeeper Michael Fraser on the hour mark . But the final minutes were needlessly fraught for Celtic after Caley striker Marius Niculae took advantage of Scott Brown 's misplaced pass to pull a goal back in the 70th minute . E-mail to a friend	Rangers remain four points clear in Scotland after a superb 4-0 win at Hearts Jean-Claude Darcheville and Nacho Novo both net twice for the league leaders Celtic remain second in the table following 2-1 victory against Inverness Caley
CNN  -- Reigning world and European champions Spain set up the purists ' dream Confederations Cup final against host nation Brazil but only after squeaking past a stubborn Italian side on penalties . The heavyweight European nations produced an entertaining game which somehow ended goalless after extra time , as both sides ' endurance was tested to the limit in the heat of Fortaleza . In contrast to the finishing seen in open play , the strikes at goal in the penalty shootout were of the highest standard until defender Leonardo Bonucci skied the 13th effort well wide of goal . That allowed Jesus Navas to coolly fire Spain into Sunday 's final as 7-6 winners on penalties -- so maintaining their hopes of holding the world , European and Confederations Cup titles all at once . Having won the World Cup  2010  , the European Championship  on three occasions  and the Olympics  1992  , FIFA 's so-called Festival of Champions -- which pits the continental champions against both the World Cup winners and hosts -- is the one trophy missing from Spain 's illustrious cabinet . Yet Vicente del Bosque 's side were not at their best against familiar foes and could have suffered an unexpected reverse had Italy not wasted a host of early opportunities , with Emanuele Giaccherini hitting a post early in extra time . The absence of injured striker Mario Balotelli was keenly felt as Christian Maggio , Alberto Gilardino and Claudio Marchisio all missed gilt-edged opportunities in the opening 45 minutes . "  I think it was an excellent performance from both teams , who proved they are right at the top of the European game , " Spain coach del Bosque told FIFA 's official website . "  Italy were better than us for the whole first period when they put us in uncomfortable situations several times . "  We could n't control the game properly and we looked very open . But , bit by bit , we got a second wind , improved after the interval and ended up being the better side come extra time . "  Then fortune went our way in the shootout , which put us through to a great final . We 're enormously excited about taking on Brazil in the Maracana . " "  Despite all the things they 've won - our players feel like kids ! They 're playing Brazil at the Maracana and that 's taken them back to boyhood days . " The host nation ensured they will be playing in the iconic Rio de Janeiro stadium , which is set to host the 2014 World Cup final , when beating fellow South Americans Uruguay 2-1 in a tight contest on Wednesday . Italy will feel they deserved more from the game than the chance to win third place when facing the Uruguayans in Salvador on Sunday , even if goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon did turn a Xavi effort against the post in the dying moments . "  The lads played a great match , from the first minute to the last , and we created plenty of situations that could have won us the game , but once it goes to penalties anything can happen , " said Cesare Prandelli , whose tactics successfully stifled the Spanish . "  Spain are currently ahead of us because they 've been following the same ideology for years , whereas we 're still forging our own path . "  This match has been a great test for us , no doubt about that , and we passed it despite the result . We were convinced about how we needed to play , in both technical and tactical terms , and we proved that we have the quality to battle it out with the best . " Prandelli can reflect on a far superior display to the two teams ' meeting in the European Championship final in Kiev one year ago , when Spain romped to a 4-0 victory as they lifted the continental title for the third time following previous triumphs in 1964 and 2008 . When the sides had met in the group stages in Gdansk last year , the 1-1 draw was built upon Italy 's decision to play a three-man defense -- and Prandelli 's decision to revert to that system once again restricted Spanish creativity for large parts of the game . Brazil coach Felipe Scolari will have followed the tactical ploy with interest as his side bid to win the Confederations Cup for the third time in a row following successes in 2005 and 2009 . As has become a feature of the Confederations Cup , the build-up to the match witnessed clashes between police and anti-government protesters . Brazil has been hit by wave of mass demonstrations as its citizens clamor for better public services in a land where $ 15 billion has been set aside to host the Confederations Cup and next year 's World Cup . Over a million people took to the streets in the early days of the tournament but there were just an estimated 5,000 protesting in Fortaleza on Thursday , with police saying they arrested 72 people .	Spain beat Italy 7-6 on penalties after semifinal ends goalless after 120 minutes World Cup winners will now meet hosts Brazil in Sunday 's Confederations Cup final Italy have chance to seal third place against Uruguay on Sunday
STOCKHOLM , Sweden  CNN  -- Four men behind a Swedish file-sharing Web site used by millions to exchange movies and music have been found guilty of collaborating to violate copyright law in a landmark court verdict in Stockholm . A Pirate Bay server , confiscated by police last year , on display in Stockholm 's Technical Museum . The four defendants -- Fredrik Neij , Gottfrid Svartholm Warg , Peter Sunde Kolmisoppi and Carl Lundstrom , three founders and one patron of The Pirate Bay -- were sentenced to one year in jail and also ordered to pay 30 million kronor  $ 3.6 million  in damages to several major media companies including Warner Brothers , Columbia , Twentieth Century Fox , Sony BMG and EMI . The defendants are free without restrictions while they appeal the judgment . The Pirate Bay allows users to exchange files including movies , music , games and software , but does not host the files itself . It claims more than 3.5 million registered users . The court case , which involved both a criminal case and a civil claim brought by the media companies , marks a key victory for anti-piracy campaigners , who had long targeted the Web site . Should the perpetrators of Internet piracy be punished ? Have your say The year-long prison terms are for violating Swedish law , while the damages are compensation to the media giants in the civil case -- though the court ordered the men to pay just one-third of the 110 million kronor  $ 13 million  which the companies had asked for . Friday 's verdict did not include an order to shut down The Pirate Bay site . Its owners have consistently shrugged off legal threats and police raids , posting letters from entertainment industry lawyers on their Web site with mocking responses . When Dreamworks studio demanded that the site act over file-sharing of Dreamworks ' movie "  Shrek 2 , " The Pirate Bay threatened to sue for harassment and lodge a formal complaint "  for sending frivolous legal threats . " "  It is the opinion of us and our lawyers that you are ... morons , " the response continued , suggesting that studio representatives perform a sexual act . The response closed with an obscenity . Site owners dismissed the effects of a police raid in 2006 , saying the site had been down longer on other occasions due to illness or drunkenness than when "  the U.S. and Swedish government forces the police to steal our servers ... yawn . " But Magnus Eriksson , who in 2003 co-founded the "  loosely formed group of theorists , artists and programmers " that spawned The Pirate Bay , says there are serious issues at stake . He does not think copyrighted material should be free for everyone , "  but that it already is . " "  The control over what people communicate is lost and we have to adapt to this new state of things , " he said via e-mail . "  To monitor all communications , fight all new digital technologies and spread a culture of fear in what should be a free and open communication network is not a desirable option . " Entertainment companies claim The Pirate Bay has hurt their box office profits , part of an annual loss the Motion Picture Association of America claims to be about $ 6 billion a year worldwide . "  Hollywood studios are businesses . They 're there to make money , " said association lawyer Thomas Dillon . "  It costs $ 100 million to make a feature film , so of course they 're quite keen to get some back . So I do n't accept this argument that there 's some benefit to culture in allowing people to make copies of commercial films and getting them for free . " Monique Wadsted , a Swedish lawyer for the MPAA , said The Pirate Bay was also harming individual artists . A victory for the entertainment companies "  will , of course , be for all authors all around the world , some kind of redress ... because what is going on now is actually a plundering of the author 's works , " she said via e-mail . "  If some authors find it good to market their products using file-sharing or whatever , they are free to do that , " she added . "  But that is not what is happening at the moment . What 's happening at the moment is that authors ' and rights holders ' works are file-shared against their will and that is not acceptable . " She argued that The Pirate Bay "  is specifically tailored for copyright infringement . " The prosecution claims the site provides a search engine that helps people find and download copyrighted material including movies , music and games -- in effect , enabling copyright theft . The site 's supporters say they 're doing nothing wrong under Swedish law because the site does n't actually put the copyrighted material on the Web site . Internet piracy and illegal downloading from peer-to-peer systems are some of the biggest piracy problems in Europe , the MPAA argues . Internet piracy is growing at a faster rate in Europe than anywhere else in the world , the MPAA says , because of increased broadband use , weak laws , and lenient public perceptions . Sweden 's official efforts to battle online piracy have been weak , the MPAA says . Eriksson , the co-founder of the group that led to The Pirate Bay , says the MPAA 's argument that file-sharing hurts movie studio revenues is "  nonsense . " "  Cinema is doing better than ever , " he said by e-mail . "  They only claim this because they calculate losses by looking at the number of downloads and imagining that all of them would have been a purchase if they had n't been downloaded first . " Eriksson said what was at stake in the Swedish courtroom was the future of the Internet itself . "  The Internet revolution meant that we created a global network where any digital entity could connect and exchange information with any other , " he said . "  Anti-piracy efforts must be seen in the light of a counter-revolution against this that goes all the way to the very infrastructure of the net . " He suggested that even if The Pirate Bay is convicted of facilitating making works public through its indexing service , which he does not expect , Internet piracy will not stop . "  The prosecution ca n't understand that The Pirate Bay is just one stratification of a social and technological change that is decentralized , " he said . "  Piracy does not have a head that you can cut off , and The Pirate Bay is just a technology allowing communication , a part of the Internet infrastructure . " CNN 's Neil Curry in Stockholm , Sweden , and Mairi Mackay in London , England , contributed to this report .	Four men sentenced to a year , fined $ 3.6 M in Sweden over file-sharing Web site Prosecutors said The Pirate Bay lets users download copyrighted material Site allows users to exchange movies , music , games , but does not host the files Supporters said The Pirate Bay does n't put copyrighted material on Web site
CNN  -- Richard Rockefeller , son of philanthropist David Rockefeller and great-grandson of Standard Oil founder and philanthropist John D. Rockefeller , was killed Friday in the crash of a single-engine plane in Westchester County , New York , a family representative and airport officials said . Rockefeller , 65 , was the only one aboard the Piper PA-46-500TP Meridian aircraft when it crashed at 8:08 a.m. Friday less than a mile from takeoff at an airport near White Plains , airport manager Peter Scherrer said after the crash . He said the plane disappeared from radar and authorities lost contact with the pilot . At 8:23 a.m. , police were notified that a plane had crashed in the hamlet of Purchase , missing a house by about 200 feet , Scherrer said . Rockefeller was headed to Portland , Maine , after flying into New York on Thursday for his father 's 99th birthday , he said . Scherrer described Rockefeller as an experienced pilot and said the morning was foggy with a quarter-mile visibility . "  This is a terrible tragedy , " the Rockefeller family said in a statement released by spokesman Fraser P. Seitel . "  The family is in shock . Richard was a wonderful and cherished son , brother , husband , father and grandfather . He was an experienced pilot and respected medical doctor . It is just horribly sad . " Rockefeller was a practicing physician in Portland until 2000 , according to his biography posted on the Rockefeller Brothers Fund website , where he is listed as an advisory trustee . Rockefeller also taught medicine in Maine from 1982 until 2000 , according to the website . He founded and was president of the Health Commons Institute , a nonprofit organization dedicated to improving American medicine , and he was chairman of the U.S. Advisory Board of Doctors Without Borders from 1989 until 2010 . He had two grown children and resided in Falmouth , Maine . Officials from the Federal Aviation Administration are investigating at the crash site , and National Transportation Safety Board members were on the way to the scene , said Harrison , New York , Police Chief Anthony Marraccini . CNN 's Leigh Remizowski contributed to this report .	Richard Rockefeller dies in crash of single-engine plane in Westchester County , New York Father is philanthropist David Rockefeller ; great-grandfather founded Standard Oil Richard Rockefeller , 65 , was the only one aboard the Piper PA-46-500TP Meridian aircraft
Rome  CNN  -- An apparently agitated passenger attacked a flight attendant on Alitalia Flight 329 from Paris to Rome late Sunday and asked that the flight be diverted to Tripoli , Libya , the airline said . Other flight attendants immobilized the attacker , Alitalia said , and the plane and its 131 passengers landed safely at Rome 's Fiumicino airport , where the attacker was taken into police custody . The flight attendant was taken to the airport emergency room for a check-up , the airline said . Italy 's state-run ANSA news agency reported the attacker was a man from Kazakhstan and that he attacked the flight attendant with nail clippers .	It happened on a Paris-to-Rome flight late Sunday He asked the flight be diverted to Tripoli , Libya Other flight attendants immobilized the man
CNN  Mark Ronson 's "  Uptown Funk ! , " featuring Bruno Mars , is the longest-leading Billboard Hot 100 of the 2010s , ruling the chart for a 13th week . It 's also just the 10th single in the Hot 100 's entire history to spend at least 13 weeks at No. 1 . Plus , newcomer Natalie La Rose reaches the top 10 with her debut hit "  Somebody , " featuring Jeremih . As we do each Wednesday , let 's run down all the songs in the top 10 , and a bit beyond , on the sales/airplay/streaming-based Hot 100  dated April 11  . "  Funk , " released on RCA Records , passes Robin Thicke 's "  Blurred Lines , " featuring T.I. and Pharrell to take sole possession of the Hot 100 's longest command this decade . Here 's an updated look at the hits to lead for the most weeks since the beginning of 2010 : Weeks at No. 1 , Title , Artist , Date Reached No. 1 13  to date  , "  Uptown Funk ! , " Ronson feat . Mars , Jan. 17 , 2015 12 , "  Blurred Lines , " Robin Thicke feat . T.I. + Pharrell , June 22 , 2013 10 , "  Happy , " Pharrell Williams , March 8 , 2014 10 , "  We Found Love , " Rihanna feat . Calvin Harris , Nov. 12 , 2011 "  Funk " also becomes one of an elite 10 singles ever to top the Hot 100 for at least 13 weeks , dating to the chart 's Aug. 4 , 1958 launch : Weeks at No. 1 , Title , Artist , Date Reached No. 1 16 , "  One Sweet Day , " Mariah Carey & Boyz II Men , Dec. 2 , 1995 14 , "  I Got ta Feeling , " The Black Eyed Peas , July 11 , 2009 14 , "  We Belong Together , " Mariah Carey , June 4 , 2005 14 , "  Candle in the Wind 1997 " / "  Something About the Way You Look Tonight , " Elton John , Oct. 11 , 1997 14 , "  Macarena  Bayside Boys Mix  , " Los Del Rio , Aug. 3 , 1996 14 , "  I 'll Make Love to You , " Boyz II Men , Aug. 27 , 1994 14 , "  I Will Always Love You , " Whitney Houston , Nov. 28 , 1992 13  to date  , "  Uptown Funk ! , " Ronson feat . Mars , Jan. 17 , 2015 13 , "  The Boy Is Mine , " Brandy & Monica , June 6 , 1998 13 , "  End of the Road , " Boyz II Men , Aug. 15 , 1992 Ask Billboard : Will ` Uptown Funk ! ' be the Hot 100 's No. 1 Song of 2015 ? With "  Funk " now just three weeks from potentially tying "  One Sweet Day " for the record , and four weeks from possibly claiming it all to itself , can it rewrite Hot 100 history ? It 's too early to forecast charts a month away , but "  Funk " still sports strong leads in all main Hot 100 metrics . "  Funk " logs a 13th week atop the Digital Songs chart with 165,000 downloads sold  down 12 percent  in the week ending March 29 , according to Nielsen Music . That 's a record-tying feat : "  Funk ! " matches Flo Rida 's 2007-08 hit "  Low , " featuring T-Pain , for the most weeks a title has spent at No. 1 on Digital Songs . "  Funk " also leads Streaming Songs  16.2 million U.S. streams , down 15 percent  for an 11th week . On Radio Songs , "  Funk " reigns for a 10th week with 166 million in all-format audience  down 4 percent  . It 's the first song to reach double-digit weeks at No. 1 on Radio Songs since "  Blurred Lines " led for 11 . Ask Billboard : Will ` Uptown Funk ! ' Be the Hot 100 's No. 1 Song of 2015 ? "  Funk , " thus , leads the Hot 100 and its three main component charts  Digital Songs , Radio Songs and Streaming Songs  simultaneously for a record-extending ninth week  nonconsecutively  . Perhaps helping the chances that "  Funk " can remain at No. 1 on the Hot 100 , at least for another week : while it 's down by 11 percent in overall activity , the No. 2 song  for a third week  , Maroon 5 's "  Sugar , " decreases by 3 percent , while Ed Sheeran 's "  Thinking Out Loud , " at No. 3  for a third week , after peaking at No. 2 for eight weeks  , is off by 2 percent . And , the lead of "  Funk " over those songs is still significant : they each boast approximately two-thirds of the Hot 100 points of "  Funk " this week . Could either "  Sugar " or "  Loud " rebound to challenge "  Funk " further on the Hot 100 ? Could another song in the top 10 topple it ? Or , is it a song just building , or not even yet released , that will take over ? Again , it 's too soon to tell . We know only that a song will eventually dethrone the uncommonly overarching smash that "  Funk " has become .  At least we think one will ... Chart Highlights : Taylor Swift 's ` Style ' hits No. 1 on adult pop songs Meanwhile , "  Sugar " takes over at No. 1 on the subscription services-based On-Demand Songs chart , despite a 10 percent drop to 4.1 million streams .  "  Funk " falls to No. 3 on the list after 11 weeks at No. 1 .  "  Sugar " holds at No. 2 on Digital Songs  143,000 , down 8 percent  ; rises 4-2 on Radio Songs  133 million , up 3 percent  ; and keeps at No. 4 on Streaming Songs  9.5 million , down 4 percent  . Below Sheeran , Ellie Goulding 's "  Love Me Like You Do " holds at No. 4 on the Hot 100 after reaching No. 3 . The Fifty Shades of Grey soundtrack single dips 3-4 on Digital Songs  114,000 , down 14 percent  and stays at No. 5 on Radio Songs  118 million , up 8 percent  and Streaming Songs  9 million , up 9 percent  . From the same hit movie , The Weeknd 's "  Earned It  Fifty Shades of Grey  " reaches the Hot 100 's top five  6-5  , adding top Airplay Gainer honors for a second week . On Radio Songs , it pushes 9-6 with a 23 percent gain to 86 million . "  Earned "  a possible contender for No. 1 on the Hot 100 ...  holds at No. 6 on both Streaming Songs  8.9 million , up 24 percent  and Digital Songs  107,000 , up 4 percent  . The sultry track also takes over at No. 1 on Billboard 's Hot R&B / Hip-Hop Songs chart . Chart Highlights : Taylor Swift 's ` Style ' Hits No. 1 on Adult Pop Songs Fetty Wap 's "  Trap Queen " rises 8-6 on the Hot 100 , while spending a second week at No. 1 on Hot Rap Songs ; Taylor Swift 's "  Style " ranks at No. 7 on the Hot 100 for a third week after reaching No. 6  and , as previously reported , reaches No. 1 on the Adult Pop Songs airplay chart  ; Rihanna , Kanye West and Paul McCartney 's "  FourFiveSeconds " drops 5-8 on the Hot 100 after climbing to No. 4  and departs the Hot R&B / Hip-Hop Songs summit after seven weeks  ; and Flo Rida climbs 10-9 with "  G.D.F.R. , " featuring Sage the Gemini and Lookas . The rapper 's new EP , My House , arrives Tuesday  April 7  . One song is new to the Hot 100 's top 10 : La Rose 's "  Somebody , " featuring Jeremih  13-10  . The Dutch singer 's debut hit lifts 10-8 on Radio Songs  73 million , up 9 percent  ; backtracks 13-14 on Digital Songs , but with a 7 percent gain to 68,000 ; and zooms 31-19 on Streaming Songs  4.3 million , up 5 percent  . The track tops the Rhythmic Songs airplay chart for a second week .  Jeremih scores his fourth Hot 100 top 10 , and first in a featured role . La Rose is adjacent to her friend , and mentor , Flo Rida , on the Hot 100 . After she had introduced herself to him at a party , they soon began working together , and she started touring with him . They created "  Somebody , " based on Whitney Houston 's 1987 Hot 100 No. 1 "  I Wan na Dance With Somebody  Who Loves Me  , " as La Rose is a "  huge fan of '80s music , " as she told Billboard . She 's currently recording her debut EP . Just beyond the Hot 100 's top 10 , Walk the Moon 's "  Shut Up and Dance " pushes 15-12 , and is the new No. 1 on the Hot Rock Songs chart , while Jason Derulo 's "  Want to Want Me " bounds 27-17 . And , Rihanna roars in at No. 23 with "  B **** Better Have My Money , " the chart 's highest debut , powered largely by its No. 5 debut on Digital Songs  108,000 sold since its digital retail arrival on March 26  . More details on action below the top 10 in the weekly "  Hot 100 Chart Moves " column to post on Friday  April 3  . See the original story at Billboard.com . © 2015 Billboard . All Rights Reserved .	The song rules the chart for 13th week It passes Robin Thicke 's "  Blurred Lines " Song three weeks from potentially tying "  One Sweet Day " for record
WIRED  -- Apple is the exclusive gatekeeper to its iPhone App Store , able to reject apps at will -- as it did July 28 with Google Voice . Some would-be iPhone developers , rejected by Apple , are turning to an unauthorized app store called Cydia . But some developers are n't taking the rejection lying down : They 're turning instead to an unauthorized app store called Cydia , where forbidden wares continue to exist -- and even earn developers some money . That store is operated by Jay Freeman , more fondly known in the iPhone "  Jailbreak " community as Saurik . Only five months old , his app store Cydia specializes in selling apps that Apple would reject or ban  or already has  . To use Cydia or the apps available through it , customers need to jailbreak their phones -- hack them to work around Apple-imposed restrictions -- a process that Apple claims is illegal . Indeed , you can even get a Google Voice app , GV Mobile , through Cydia . After Apple pulled the app from its App Store , developer Sean Kovacs  who is not affiliated with Google  made it available for free through Cydia . It 's difficult to get accurate data on how many customers have jailbroken their iPhones . But based on the number of unique device identifiers tracked on his server , Freeman claims that about 4 million , or 10 percent of the 40 million iPhone and iPod Touch owners to date , have installed Cydia . On a recent day , he said 470,000 people were connecting to the Cydia store , up from 350,000 per day just a few months ago . Among many free apps , there are also 15 paid apps in Cydia , and the store has earned $ 220,000 in overall sales in just five months . "  People are so annoyed by Apple and their s -- , and if you give them opportunity to go around it , then they 'll even pay for it , " said Kim Streich , a developer whose app 3G Unrestrictor earned $ 19,000 in sales in just two weeks through Cydia . Though Cydia is relatively young , the underground "  Jailbreak " community has existed since the first iPhone launched in 2007 . That year , Apple did n't yet have an app store for its iPhone , stifling the true potential of the device . This limitation inspired digital rebels to hack away at the iPhone 's closed platform in an effort to free its mind . The result ? An app called Installer , opening a door for early iPhone owners to add games , utilities and other third-party software coded by developers . It was n't until 2008 that Apple offered a software development kit for third-party coders to make programs for its iPhone . That led to the opening of the official App Store in July 2008 . Apple 's store grew rapidly , accumulating 65,000 apps and serving over 1.5 billion downloads to date . Many developers abandoned Installer for the more popular App Store , leaving behind an underground space where unauthorized wares could continue to exist . Installer died and became reborn as Cydia , which evolved from an app library into a store in March 2009 . To gain access to Cydia , iPhone owners must jailbreak their smartphones using some freely available tools courtesy of the hacker group iPhone Dev-Team . Given the nature of this procedure , it 's clear Cydia 's primary audience consists of nerdy rebels wishing to utilize the full power of their iPhones , restriction-free . Cydia 's numbers appear small compared to the rare stories we hear about developers turning into millionaires with hot sales of their iPhone apps in the App Store . But the idea behind a store like Cydia is that you do n't have to be huge to make money . With a smaller market , fewer competitors and a reasonably large customer base , each developer has a higher chance for making a quick buck , Freeman said . Plus , you get more personal attention : Developers submitting their app through Cydia need only contact Freeman , and their app can be made available almost immediately . That 's an enticing alternative to Apple 's approval process , which can take months and is notoriously opaque : Some App Store developers have faced difficulty getting answers to simple questions from Apple about their apps . It 's obvious what 's driving iPhone customers toward Cydia : Apple 's rejections and restrictions of major iPhone apps . Most notably , Apple recently banned apps supporting Google Voice , the search giant 's internet-based phone enhancement service that can provide cellphone users with free text messaging and transcribed voicemail . Angry consumers and developers theorize that Apple banned the Google Voice apps so as not to detract business from its partner AT&T 's phone services . The incident has brewed so much controversy that even the Federal Communications Commission has gotten involved , sending letters to AT&T , Apple and Google inquiring about the reasons for the rejections . "  Looks like Apple and AT&T pissed off a lot of people , " Kovacs wrote in a July 28 blog post . "  I 'll be releasing GV Mobile v1 .2 on Cydia for free today or tomorrow . " Another high-profile App Store regulation involves SlingPlayer , an app that enables iPhone users to stream video from a Slingbox device hooked up to a TV . When Sling originally submitted the app , it was capable of streaming over both Wi-Fi and the cellular 3G connection . However , Apple requested Sling to modify the app to work on Wi-Fi only . AT&T said this was a necessary move to prevent congestion on its 3G network . That restriction spawned the most successful Cydia app to date , 3G Unrestrictor , developed by Streich . 3G Unrestrictor , a $ 2 app that has sold 9,500 copies , allows the iPhone to circumvent any network limitations imposed by Apple . For example , the app enables SlingPlayer users to stream TV over 3G as well as Wi-Fi ; and when using the VOIP app Skype to place phone calls , customers can also use the cellular connection , whereas normally the app only enables users to dial over Wi-Fi . "  It 's just amazing what you can do on such a little cellphone , and Apple just forbids customers from doing these things , and it 's just a shame , " Streich said . "  That 's why I 'm so happy there 's a Cydia store . " Another developer who reports positive experiences with Cydia is Jonathan Zdziarski , who said he has made more money through the unauthorized store than Apple 's App Store . In February , his app iWipe sold 694 copies in Cydia , compared to 91 copies of iErase in the App Store . "  I guess you could say the App Store is kind of like Wal-Mart , with more crap than you 'd ever want to buy , " Zdziarski said . "  And Cydia is like the general store that has everything you want and need , from fresh cuts of meat to those homemade cookies you ca n't get anywhere else . " Though some developers say they 're having better experiences selling apps through Cydia , it 's unlikely they will succeed on a longer term , said Rana Sobhany , vice president of Medialets , an iPhone app analytics company . She said the average consumer would prefer to purchase apps through a well trusted source such as Apple . "  There have been all these apps downloaded in the App Store because it 's easy for consumers to find , download and pay for apps , " Sobhany said . "  This model is new because Apple has been training people how to download music to their iPods for years . " However , even in the case of the App Store , developers who strike it rich still face challenges recreating their success , said Phillip Ryu , co-creator of the e-book reader Classics , which has sold over 400,000 copies to date . "  If you 're hoping to reach the mainstream , the best you can hope for is your app catches on fire and charts high enough for you to make a windfall , " Ryu said . "  Essentially you aim for the jackpot , and if you do n't hit that , it 's not going to make you a living . " Freeman said it was too soon to tell whether Cydia would provide developers stable incomes , but he recommends they give it a try , considering the successes some are experiencing . He admits , however , he is n't making much money as the creator of Cydia : Like Apple , he takes 30 percent of each app sale to cover taxes . "  I do n't make much money off this project , but I value the community , and I look forward to how this changes the device landscape , " Freeman said . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2009 Wired.com .	Some would-be iPhone developers are turning instead to an unauthorized app store The new store , Cydia , specializes in selling apps that Apple would reject or ban To use Cydia or the apps available through it , customers must jailbreak their phones Cydia operator : Too soon to tell whether store could earn developers stable incomes
A federal appeals court ruling that upholds a key portion of a Texas law will effectively close the doors on all but a handful of abortion clinics in the state , abortion rights groups say . The decision by a three-judge panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit , in New Orleans , on Thursday gave Texas the green light to move forward on the mandate requiring all abortion clinics in the state be "  ambulatory surgical centers , " regulated under the same standards as hospitals . Lawmakers in the state 's Republican-majority Legislature have said this would improve patient care and safety . Abortion rights groups say the law is designed to make it nearly impossible to operate an abortion clinic in Texas . The U.S. Supreme Court refused to intervene previously when other sections of the Texas law were challenged in court . The Center for Reproductive Rights sued Texas in April on behalf of a coalition of abortion clinics . In August , a District Court judge ruled that the "  ambulatory surgical centers " requirement was unconstitutional and imposed an injunction . Thursday 's appeals court ruling lifted that injunction and allows H.B. 2 to go into effect immediately . Lauren Bean , spokeswoman for the Texas Attorney General 's Office , said in a statement after the ruling , "  This decision is a vindication of the careful deliberation by the Texas Legislature to craft a law to protect the health and safety of Texas women . " Abortion rights groups say the mandate will leave women of reproductive age in the state with minimal health care options . "  We are already seeing that Texans are suffering because of H.B. 2 , and with the closure of all but eight abortion clinics in a state as large and populous as Texas , the effects will be devastating , " said Heather Busby , executive director of the NARAL Pro-Choice America . The decision , abortion rights activist say , would result in over 1 million Texas women having to travel a minimum of 300 miles round-trip to have an abortion . The ruling will leave the state with no abortion providers in the Rio Grande Valley or West Texas along the Texas-Mexico border . The state law also bans abortions past 20 weeks of pregnancy and tightens usage guidelines for "  abortion-inducing drugs " such as RU-486 . Another part of the law -- requiring doctors who perform abortions to have admitting privileges at a hospital within 30 miles of the clinic where an abortion is performed -- also is under review by a federal appeals court . Critics contend the law , in addition to eliminating abortion across huge swaths of the state , will further deny access to many women in rural communities and will force women to seek dangerous "  back-alley " abortions . "  It is gravely disappointing that the 5th Circuit has put ideology above the law , " said Heather Busby , Pro-Choice Texas Executive Director in a statement . "  When the need for abortion stays the same , but there are fewer reputable providers available , it creates the space for illegal providers and unsafe self-abortion care , " added Busby . Gov. Rick Perry signed the bill into law last year .	Ruling was on section of Texas law requiring abortion clinics to adhere to hospital-level standards Legislators have said this would improve patient care and safety "  The effects will be devastating , " abortion rights group says
CNN  -- After shocking the tennis world at the U.S. Open , teen sensation Catherine "  Cici " Bellis has set her sights on Ellen DeGeneres ' couch . The 15-year-old stunned 12th seed Dominica Cibulkova with a 6-1 4-6 6-4 triumph in her first grand slam match , becoming the youngest winner of a U.S. Open tie since Anna Kournikova in 1996 . As is the custom for breakout U.S. sport stars , a talk show appearance is likely to be never far away -- and Bellis knows which host she wants to be sat opposite . "  I love Ellen , " Bellis , ranked 1,208 th in the world , told reporters . "  I think I would want to go on Ellen . " The youngest player to feature at a grand slam for nine years , Bellis had never previously played a WTA Tour match . But the junior world No. 2 was given a wildcard at Flushing Meadows after winning the U.S. national championships earlier this month . The San Francisco-born Bellis shone on the big stage , brushing Australian Open finalist Cibulkova aside in the opening set before battling back from a break down to clinch the decider . Bellis was backed by a partisan crowd on Court Six , including some friends who helped roar her to a famous victory . Next up for Bellis is a second round contest with Kazakhstan 's Zarina Diyas . "  I went into the match thinking it was going to be such a great experience , but I never thought I would come out on top winning , " explained Bellis , who is home schooled so she can focus on her tennis . "  I had like four friends that started some of the chants . I was like , ` Oh , my God . ' I loved it . It made me play even better . " A first round win at this year 's U.S. Open comes with a check for $ 60,000 , not that Bellis will be able to cash in . Her status as an amateur means she is unable to claim winnings , but Bellis is in no rush to turn pro . "  I think I 'm definitely going to stay an amateur right now to keep my options open for college , in case an injury or something happens , " she said . "  But I 'd love to be a pro one day . "	15-year-old Catherine "  Cici " Bellis win her first ever grand slam match Bellis defeats 12th seed Dominica Cibulkova in the U.S. Open first round The junior world No. 2 was given a wildcard after winning the U.S. national championships Bellis plays Kazakhstan 's Zarina Diyas in the second round
President Barack Obama is loading new missions on the U.S. military with fast-expanding mandates and no certain end dates as he grapples with the threats posed by ISIS and Ebola . Evolving operations in the Middle East and west Africa are causing some supporters to ask whether the president , a notoriously reluctant warrior dedicated to ending foreign entanglements and getting troops home , has changed his mind . By committing the U.S. military to two new crises , with no clear exit strategy , Obama risks the same perilous slide into "  mission creep " that hounded some predecessors , who got sucked ever deeper into wars in Vietnam , Somalia and Iraq . Already , there are mounting questions about whether the strategy is working . A former top U.S. counterterror official told CNN Tuesday that the "  imminent threat " from one of the groups targeted in an initial wave of airstrikes in Syria has n't abated . When Obama announced America 's new war in August , he said U.S. air strikes would only take place "  if necessary " and only in Iraq to save civilians from massacres by the marauding Sunni radicals and to protect U.S. personnel . Yet less than three months later , in the newly branded Operation "  Inherent Resolve , " U.S. warplanes have blasted ISIS fighters , vehicles and supply lines in Syria , as well as Iraq . There are more than 1,400 troops in Iraq and hundreds more aboard ships and in nearby countries carrying out airstrikes . U.S. attack helicopters have gone into battle against ISIS in Anbar province . It is indisputable that the campaign has widened . US planes this weekend intensified air strikes on the besieged Syrian town of Kobani , and dropped arms and ammunition to Kurdish forces locked in a struggle for the strategic choke point near the Turkish border . There is every sign the anti-ISIS operation will go on for years . And there is no clear idea of what success will look like , despite Obama 's vow to destroy ISIS 's "  network of death . " As for Ebola , the Pentagon did n't have a role when the outbreak exploded in west Africa . But soon Obama -- warning the deadly epidemic could spark a national security crisis if left unchecked , announced plans to send 3,000 troops to build treatment centers and health care infrastructure . All this came with a caveat that no American soldiers would go near sick patients . Soon , the Pentagon said the number of troops could go as high as 4,000 . Then last week , Obama issued an executive order clearing the way for reservists to be called up to fight Ebola if necessary , amid increasing frustration in the White House that US allies have not stepped up . PHOTO GALLERY : U.S. , Arab nations attack ISIS in Syria On Sunday , the mission expanded further when the Pentagon revealed it was standing up a rapid reaction squad to leap into action should more Ebola cases emerge on the U.S. mainland -- opening the possibility that military officers would be exposed to infected patients for the first time . Deepening U.S. involvement in Iraq and Syria seems to be the result of a reluctant conclusion by Obama that the burgeoning threat from ISIS requires a wider US response . But on Ebola , the president is personally and actively demanding the military get more involved . The concept of an emergency treatment team only emerged after Obama ordered more action from his administration in crisis meetings last week as political pressure spiked amid infections on U.S. soil , two senior administration officials told CNN . The White House is walking a fine line . Obama faces skepticism from the Democratic left , which is skittish about new wars and warnings from Republicans that he is n't hawkish enough . The administration insists there will be no "  boots on the ground " in the ISIS conflict and notes an international coalition is helping to bear the burden . Although US involvement may be deepening , it pales in comparison to the 150,000 strong U.S. garrison in Iraq when Obama took office , officials say . Top Pentagon officials privately say the new mission list exposes the folly of current budget cuts at a time when the military is also being asked to bolster Obama 's pivot to Asia and strengthen NATO to counter Russia . Top defense officials often cry wolf but they say this time they 're not playing politics , and warn that in future they may not be able to answer every time the president calls . It is ironic that Obama is parrying questions on mission creep , after being hammered by critics for "  leading from behind " on Libya and for setting timelines for troop withdrawals from Iraq and Afghanistan rather than making drawdowns conditional on battlefield gains . But presidents find themselves sucked deeper into military operations for many reasons -- including reverses in the field , temptations brought on by the unique capabilities of the US military or the realization that local allies are deficient . Sometimes , they just have their hands forced by rising political heat back home . Some or all of these conditions may apply to both the Ebola and Iraq operations . But in the ISIS campaign at least , it 's clear those in Obama 's inner circle have the dangers of Middle East mission creep on their minds . The message is clearly that Obama will use force if necessary -- but not beyond certain points . "  We make no apologies for being deliberate about the use of force , particularly when it engages the United States in conflicts in a region like the Middle East , " deputy national security advisor Ben Rhodes told CNN 's "  The Situation Room " on Monday . "  The American people want a president who is going to think hard before making those decisions who ... . makes sure he is drawing from the lessons of Iraq and Afghanistan . " Top officials pushed back hard against the idea that U.S. ground troops will inevitably be drawn into the fight , and comments by Gen. Martin Dempsey , Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , that US advisors could see combat advisors on the ground alongside Iraqi troops . "  That 's not come up the chain to anybody at the White House . And I do n't anticipate that it will , " National Security Advisor Susan Rice said on NBC 's "  Meet the Press " on October 12 . CENTCOM commander Gen. Lloyd Austin rejected the idea that U.S. operations around Kobani represented a stretching of the military 's orders , saying last week that he was simply exploiting a chance to hit ISIS forces massed in the town . "  I think that we really have to remain focused on the first task , and that is to help the Iraqis restore security and stability inside of the country of Iraq ; restore their borders ; regenerate forces to be able to help them do that , " Austin said . But there are concerns in Obama 's political base that things are already going too far . Anna Galland , executive director of progressive group MoveOn.org said that what started off as a humanitarian mission has morphed out of all recognition . "  Our members are very concerned by the prospect of a slippery slope in Iraq and Syria back into another open ended war , " she said . Rep. Barbara Lee  D-CA  told CNN that Americans were war weary and not ready for another widening conflict . "  We can not allow the U.S. to be dragged into another endless war . Since the start of US military action in Iraq and Syria , I have been gravely concerned with mission creep , " Lee said Tuesday . But Lawrence Korb , a former assistant secretary of defense , said he believed the limited nature of the campaign would mitigate against public war fatigue . "  I think now we have recognized that no one is going to transform the Middle East , " Korb said , comparing the ISIS operation to US anti-terror strikes in Yemen and Somalia . "  We just deal with the immediate threats and keep them from getting out of hand . "	President Obama risks getting sucked into deeper and deeper conflicts ISIS campaign has widened in recent months After initially being left out of Ebola response , the Pentagon is playing a bigger role
Windsor , England  CNN  -- The body of expatriate Russian tycoon Boris Berezovsky was found in a bathroom at his British home with a ligature around his neck , a police officer testified at an inquest into his death Thursday . Berezovsky , 67 , was found dead Saturday at a country estate south of London , triggering speculation about the fate of the business mogul known for his opposition to Russian President Vladimir Putin . Police have said that the death was consistent with hanging and that there were no signs of a struggle . An inquest by a coroner is standard procedure in cases of unnatural deaths in England . The short hearing at Windsor Guildhall opened Thursday morning with testimony from two witnesses . Read how Berezovsky was laid low by damning judgment Detective Inspector Mark Bissel , of Thames Valley Police , said the body was found in the bathroom with "  a ligature around his neck " and a piece of similar material around a shower rail , but he did not specify what the material was . The cause of death was consistent with hanging , with nothing to indicate a violent struggle or the involvement of a third person , he said . However , he added , third party involvement could not be completely ruled out as the investigation was continuing and the results of forensic examinations were not yet in . The test results , including toxicology reports , could take several weeks to come , Bissel said . The mansion where Berezovsky 's body was found is still under police guard , and the search for evidence is expected to continue for the next few days , he said . Coroner 's officer Janine Prunty said the name of the deceased was Platon Elenin , formerly Boris Abramovich Berezovsky , who was born in Moscow in January 1946 . He had legally changed his name in 2003 . His body was formally identified by his daughter Elizaveta Berezovskaya on Tuesday . Berezovsky 's body was discovered Saturday afternoon by an employee , who called the emergency services , the inquest heard . The tycoon was last seen alive at 9:05 p.m. the day before by the same employee . The inquest was then adjourned to allow authorities to gather more evidence . The date for it to reopen has not yet been set . ` Extraordinary ' man The family of Berezovsky 's second wife , Galina Besharova , released a tribute to him Wednesday through Thames Valley Police . Berezovsky had two children from this marriage , a son and a daughter , Anastasia , who wrote the tribute on behalf of her family . "  My father was not the typical parent , nothing about him was ordinary , " she wrote . "  He has taught me many things about this world . "  He has taught me to never stop fighting for what one believes in no matter what the costs may be . I doubt anyone could have met a man with a stronger presence , or with charm that was more overwhelming than the one my father possessed . "  There are n't enough words in any language that can somehow express everything that he was and everything he will continue to be . The only word that comes close is extraordinary . " READ MORE : Russian tycoon 's death ` consistent with hanging ' READ MORE : Oligarch who angered Putin : Rise and fall of Boris Berezovsky CNN 's Andrew Carey reported from Windsor and Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London . Stephanie Halasz contributed to this report .	An inquest into the death of Boris Berezovsky opens in England Police say his body was discovered on a bathroom floor with a ligature around his neck Berezovsky , 67 , was found dead Saturday at his country estate south of London Daughter pays tribute to an "  extraordinary " man who taught her to "  never stop fighting "
CNN  -- With 1 billion tourists in 2012 , it 's little wonder the last 12 months have drummed up some juicy fodder for aviation reporters . London 's Olympic Games were a success -- the expected tourism boon not so much . "  Dark tourism "  travel to sites of death , disaster or the macabre  became a phrase . And various climatic events conspired to wreak havoc on travel plans across the world . But which were the stories that really stood out to those who are involved in the industry every day ? These are the top 10 : 10 . SAS on its last legs "  A new comprehensive plan will pave the way for a new , strong and competitive SAS , " read the statement from SAS last month . "  The plan needs to be fully implemented and new collective agreements must be signed in a very short space of time in order for SAS to have access to necessary funding . " One of Europe 's oldest airlines -- and one that still knows the meaning of passenger service -- is in dire straits . SAS faces aggressive competition from low cost carrier Norwegian Air Shuttle , which has hundreds of aircraft on order from Airbus and Boeing . The pioneer of polar flights , fully 40 percent of SAS 's workforce is to be chopped . If the airline fails , and it 's been on the brink before , this will continue the trend in Europe toward consolidation that included the acquisition by British Airways of struggling Iberia . Not that this consolidation under the International Airline Group  IAG  banner has gone well , either . 9 . Iberia on the brink IAG 's Iberia will lose 4,500 jobs in a cost-cutting effort after losing $ 262 million  US$ 340 million  through September . IAG characterizes Iberia in a "  fight for survival . " Nearly 25 percent of its aircraft will exit the fleet and pay might be cut by 35 percent . There 's a January 31 , 2013 , deadline for labor to reach an agreement with IAG , which is negotiating to buy Spain 's Vueling Airlines , which is based in Barcelona . Iberia cuts jobs in survival bid 8 . A380 loved by passengers , but continues to be a profit drag on Airbus The Airbus A380 , a technological marvel and by all accounts a passenger delight , continues to be a thorn in the profit-and-loss statements of Airbus and parent EADS . Discovery of wing rib bracket cracks in 2011 after the November 2010 high-profile engine failure on Qantas Flight 32 required costly refits . Never a safety-of-flight issue and affecting only a handful of the thousands of brackets on the A380 's wings , the retrofits and airline compensations cost Airbus nearly $ 300 million  US$ 394.8 million  . Airline schedules all over the globe were disrupted as fixes took aircraft out of service . The ad wars that broke out between Boeing and Airbus in late November -- 747-8 versus the A380 -- only add another dimension to the long-running rivalry . How do you pick up an Airbus A380 ? 7 . Boeing roars back with 737 MAX In 2011 , Airbus stunned Boeing by announcing orders and commitments for about 1,500 re-engined A320neos . This year , Boeing came roaring back , expecting to finish with firm orders for around 1,000 re-engined 737 MAX aircraft . Boeing still trails market share , and the MAX will enter service two years later than the NEO . But any way you look at it , this was Boeing 's year . Boeing unveils futuristic ` swallowtail ' wingtip for 737 MAX 6 . AirAsia continues to become major force AirAsia and its CEO Tony Fernades are leading the low-cost carrier revolution in Asia . Taking a page from Sir Richard Branson 's book with the Virgin brand , Fernandes is leveraging the AirAsia name and logo to bring low-cost travel to hundreds of millions of people . Fernandes likes to point out Asia  excluding China  has a larger popular base than the United States or Europe and that island and mountainous geography make flying the best  and sometimes the only  way to get around . AirAsiaX , the long-haul , low-cost operator , floated an initial public stock offering this year . Fernandes has major expansion plans in mind for this airline . A word of caution : Citi Research in Hong Kong thinks AirAsia is expanding too rapidly , has too many aircraft on order and faces over-capacity in Malaysia from LionAir . AirAsia inks huge Airbus deal 5 . Boeing dithers on 777X While Boeing moved ahead with the 787-10 , it dithered on enhanced revisions to the highly profitable 777-300ER . When Jim Albaugh was CEO of Boeing Commercial Airplanes , he wanted Authority to Offer  ATO  by the end of this year . Albaugh is gone , retiring unexpectedly . ATO for the 777X is put off for perhaps a year , say people familiar with Boeing 's current thinking . The 777X is Boeing 's answer to the Airbus A350 , which promises to be far more economical than the 777-300ER . But Boeing figures it has more time because ... 4 . Airbus delays A350 The composite A350 was already some 18 months behind schedule when Airbus announced a new delay this year for its planned entry-into-service  EIS  from mid-to-late 2014 . Many expect a further slip into 2015 . First flight is still planned for mid-2013 -- in time for the Paris Air Show in June ? But technical issues at Airbus ' plant in Broughton , Wales , will delay assembly for the test aircraft needed for certification , thus delaying EIS . Airbus ' challenges with the program prompt questions over whether the smallest family member , the A350-800 , will be canceled and whether the largest , the A350-1000 , is sufficient . Airbus says the -800 wo n't and the -1000 is , but market doubts remain . First look at the Airbus A350 XWB 3 . Boeing launches 787-10 -- sort of The 787 program 's problems have become legendary in the industry and Boeing wo n't make money on it for years . The ATO of the third member of the family , the high capacity , 6,800 nautical mile range 787-10 is a key bright spot . Although official ATO did n't come in October as expected , a "  soft " ATO did and Boeing is talking with potential customers . A formal launch of this program is now said to be expected by mid-2013 . This sub-type should be a real winner for Boeing and a profitable member of the 787 family . 2b . China expands aerospace role China 's ambitions to become a major global aerospace player draws skepticism from many quarters . The AVIC/COMAC ARJ21 regional jet is essentially a Chinese copy of the old McDonnell Douglas DC-9-10 built in 1965 . And it 's yet to enter service and is already five years behind schedule . Many think the COMAC C919 will be similarly disappointing . But the C919 has 380 orders and commitments  albeit entirely from Chinese airlines and lessors  even though it 's not expected to be up to Airbus and Boeing standards . The government wants the C919 to take half the home market , about 2,000 aircraft over 20 years , and this comes out of Airbus ' and Boeing 's market share . But this is n't all . There are more than 20 Chinese companies that want to play in the aircraft leasing field , though fewer than a dozen are active so far . Many are affiliated with Chinese banks , which are becoming bigger players in financing aircraft . Anyone who thinks China wo n't be a major global player for aircraft , lessors and finance needs to think again . It 's just a matter of when , not if . It might take a generation , or even two , but China will become a viable , global aerospace presence . 2a . China leads the way to block Europe 's Emission Trading Scheme The European Union announced plans to implement its Emission Trading Scheme  ETS  that requires airlines to buy and sell carbon credits . Airlines and several countries , led by China , objected to this unilateral action , saying it should be a global accord reached through the International Civic Aviation Organization trade group . China was the first to tell its airlines not to comply . Others followed . But China uses aircraft orders from Airbus and Boeing as political leverage and refused to ratify an order for US$ 14 billion worth of Airbus product . This would cost jobs . In November the EU blinked and put off implementing ETS . We 'll see if Airbus lands the stalled orders by year end . Nothing demonstrates the powerhouse clout China has on the global stage more than this . 1 . Merger between EADS and BAE Systems collapses Barely in office after assuming the slot in mid-2012 , EADS CEO Tom Enders proposed a merger between EADS and Britain 's BAE Systems . Word leaked prematurely in September and under British takeover law , a decision to move forward or not had to be made the next month . The combination would have created a global defense behemoth rivaling The Boeing Co. . It would have positioned EADS North America to bid more credibly on future U.S. defense contracts . It would have balanced EADS ' over-reliance on subsidiary Airbus for revenues and profits . It would have diversified BAE 's sole reliance on defense , a shrinking market . It would have , at long last , diminished the government ownership  and meddling  of France and Germany in EADS and Airbus affairs . Fat chance . The highly parochial French surprised everyone by going along . But Germany 's government objected to losing sway over Airbus jobs . Britain 's government feared losing influence over BAE , a stock company , but which is one of Britain 's major employers and a top defense contractor . German opposition killed the deal , and with it Enders ' dreams of EADS becoming a "  real " public company free of government influence . BAE , EADS $ 45 billion deal collapses What was the biggest aviation story for you ? Let us know in the comments section below .	SAS , Iberia among airlines on the brink Boeing and Airbus both suffer setbacks and delays China expands its aerospace industry ambitions Highly-anticipated EADS and BAE Systems merger collapses
CNN  -- The African Wildlife Foundation is hoping to do some tricky medicine on the world at large . It 's trying to stop the planet 's lungs from collapsing . "  If you think of the world as having two lungs , the Amazon rainforest is one lung , and the Congo Basin forest is the second . It 's a place everyone should be concerned about in a time of climate change , " says Patrick Bergin , the organization 's CEO . The Congo Basin is also home to the bonobo , forest elephants and Congo peacocks -- species whose survival is dependent on that of the surrounding forest . Bergin has launched an innovative program to save the environment , not just the one region , but on the whole African continent -- the cradle of civilization and potentially its ecological safe keeper . Over the next decade , the African Wildlife Foundation is building 15 conservation-themed primary schools in some of Africa 's most remote regions -- areas that are also highly strategic from an environmental standpoint . The schools are designed to be state-of-the-art , built with attractive faculty housing that will hopefully lure some of Africa 's best teachers . In exchange , the organization not only helps to shape young minds to further the cause , but gets written agreement from the local community to set aside a patch of land for conservation purposes -- a stretch that will be free form hunting , logging and unplanned agriculture . "  It 's a bargaining tool , " admits Bergin . " -LSB- These communities -RSB- are rich in land , but poor in cash . We brought in a resource to help build a school , and we barter . " Education in the Bush Bergin notes that when it comes to education in Africa , resources go first to schools in the city , then to those in the surrounding towns . "  Kids that live in the Bush are likely to be deeply disadvantaged , " he says . It is precisely that segment , he argues , that needs access to good schooling to protect the future of the continent . "  When children do not get access to a good education , they 're doomed to a life where exploiting natural resources is the only way to make a livelihood . If you ca n't get a skill or a job that allows you to enter the modern economy , harvesting bush meat , cutting trees -- these are your only options , " he says . Sustainable schooling Construction has already begun on the first school in Ilima , an extremely isolated village in the Democratic Republic of Congo that sits on the corridor between two protected areas . "  We work in a lot of parts of Africa that are remote , but this takes the cake , " says Bergin . Getting there involves a two-day motorized canoe trip from Kinshasa , followed by a five-hour motorcycle ride . What that means is that getting materials in and out of the area can prove troublesome . Architectural firm MASS Design Group has partnered with the African Wildlife Foundation to build the schools . For the Ilima project , it was imperative that the designers used materials that are easy to source and replace . "  If there 's a need to repair or maintain the school 45 years down the road , the community has to be able to do it without depending on materials like steel or cement , which would be hard to locate , " says Andrew Brose , the project manager . Mass Design started by researching not just the materials in the region , but local construction methods . "  We 've found that when you go into remote regions like this , the things people build are already climate-intellegent . They know how to build with rainfall in mind , " says Michael Murphy , CEO of Mass Design . "  We look at how we can adapt and learn from what 's already done quite well in the area . " The school is built primarily from mud bricks and local hardwood . Brose 's team tested different soils and palm oils in the region to find which combination of ingredients would yield the most durable bricks . Factoring in the rainforest climate , which is prone to heavy rains and high heat , the school walls only go up two-thirds of the way to allow for cross breeze . Rain catchments will store water for agricultural uses . "  This building is one of the most sustainable we 've ever built , " says Murphy . A portal to the ` modern economy ' Like Bergin , Murphy views the schools project as a means to really impact the continent . "  Our ambition is to have more systemic change through a better building process . It 's not just a one-off project , " he admits . For starters , Mass Design has trained local craftsmen in its techniques as a way of passing on the baton . "  They could build tens of thousands of schools in the next decade , " says Murphy . "  As the population booms significantly in Africa , there will be a massive demand for low-cost , rural school construction . "	The African Wildlife Foundation is building conservation schools in rural Africa It barters with local communities for land to protect Partnered with MASS Design , it is bringing better schools to the Bush
CNN  -- UEFA president Michel Platini claims that goal-line technology is not needed in soccer , stating it would lead to "  PlayStation football . " World governing body FIFA will test possible goal-line systems in the coming months after reversing its stance on the widely-debated issue , but the head of the sport in Europe is not in favor of the prospective changes . When asked about the potential use of goal-line technology during a visit to the city of Glasgow , the Frenchman referred to the popular video-game console when he told the Scottish FA website : "  Then we will have PlayStation football . " Platini , one of the world 's top footballers during the 1980s , believes more help should instead be offered to referees , highlighting the use of two extra match officials in this season 's Champion 's League as a better way forward . "  The referee has to be helped by clubs , fans , players , media and authorities , " Platini said on Monday . "  It is why we have added two assistants for Champions League games . "  One referee is not enough , not in the modern era where you have 20 cameras . " The 55-year-old also said the high media presence at modern-day games does not help match officials , with television cameras able to instantly see when mistakes have been made by referees . "  It is unfair -- the cameras can see everything but the referee only has one pair of eyes . Every time he makes a mistake , those cameras are there to focus on it . "  It is why for the past 10 years I have asked to change the job of the referee , to help improve the situation and to give the referees better support . " The subject of goal-line technology has long been hotly-debated within football , and the issue came to the fore once again at the 2010 World Cup in South Africa when England 's Frank Lampard had a goal not given against Germany despite the ball crossing the line .	Michel Platini questions plans to experiment with goal-line technology The head of European ruling body UEFA believes it would lead to "  PlayStation football " The Frenchman instead backs the use of extra officials in matches to help referees He says high media presence at football matches makes it more difficult for officials
CNN  -- The much-touted July 2011 date for the beginning of a withdrawal of U.S. combat troops from Afghanistan , a center piece of the administration 's "  AfPak " strategy announced by President Obama in December 2009 , now seems unlikely to amount to much . According to a senior U.S. administration official , there is presently "  no judgment on the scale or pace of those reductions . " Translation : Do n't expect a significant drawdown of American forces in the summer of 2011 . Indeed , there has been a strategic shift in the Obama administration policy towards Afghanistan -- first apparent at the Lisbon conference of NATO members in November . The headline is that the United States will maintain combat troops in Afghanistan until December 2014 . And NATO will continue to have some kind of role in Afghanistan , likely advising and training units of the Afghan army , into 2015 and beyond . This shift does n't seem to have registered much as yet with the American people , a record 60 % of whom are now opposed to the Afghan War , according to a Washington Post poll . Indeed , in his brief remarks on Thursday about the Afghan-Pakistan strategy review , the president did not mention the fact that American troops will remain in Afghanistan until the end of 2014 , likely in substantial numbers . According to a wide range of U.S. military and civilian officials and Afghan politicians interviewed in Afghanistan over the past few days , the 2014 withdrawal date is a potential game-changer , allowing time for the build-up of a more effective Afghan army , while disappointing Taliban leaders who had been assuring their fighters that the Americans would be withdrawing in mid-2011 . The 2014 date also signals to the Pakistanis that the U.S. commitment to Afghanistan is a long-term one and they might as well end their tolerance or support for the Taliban and its allies headquartered on their territory . The good news in the review for the U.S. government is that parts of the Taliban heartland in central Helmand and Kandahar province have been reclaimed from the insurgents . One U.S. official says that a surge of Special Operations Forces raids against the Taliban have been devastating to the "  middle management " of the group and "  literally hundreds have been taken off the battlefield . " The calculus is that the more pressure that is placed on the Taliban militarily the more that they might consider suing for peace . However , the Taliban leadership has repeatedly and publicly said that they are not in any form of peace negotiations with the Afghan government and there is n't evidence that contradicts this . Further positive news in the review is that Kabul , where around 15 % of the Afghan population lives , is safer than for a very long time . A U.S. official points out that in past months "  Kabul has been remarkably quiet . " Certainly , Kabul 's streets are more clogged with traffic than ever and Kabul residents say they feel safer . The White House also asserts that "  Al Qaeda 's senior leadership in Pakistan is weaker and under more sustained pressure than at any other point since it fled Afghanistan in 2001 . " That point is borne out by a count by the New America Foundation of reported U.S. drone strikes in Pakistan which found that five al-Qaeda leaders were killed by drones in 2010 and six the year before . Another positive development the administration cites is that the Afghan National Army is growing rapidly , and has met its recruitment goals three months earlier than expected . At the Kabul base that trains around half of the Afghan army recruits , Afghan officers said last week that they are churning out 2,800 graduates a month . That said , it 's not possible to think of a single significant operation the Afghan army has conducted without American support . The bad news according to administration officials is that while the Pakistani military has been aggressive against al Qaeda and Pakistani Taliban groups that have attacked the Pakistani state , no action has been taken against other militant groups based in Pakistan such as the Quetta shura , which is headed by Taliban leader Mullah Omar , and coordinates attacks against U.S. and NATO forces in southern Afghanistan . Nor has there been any action taken against the Haqqani network , which is behind most of the attacks on coalition forces in eastern Afghanistan , nor against two smaller Pakistan-based Taliban militias : Hizb-i-Islami and one led by Commander Nazir . Indeed , an administration official says "  some of the evidence swings the other way -- active support and at least tolerance " by the Pakistanis for a number of the Taliban factions . This is the paradox of Pakistan , which a U.S. official characterizes as "  both our closest counterterrorism partner and a base for terrorist groups that threaten the region and even the homeland . " Administration officials explain that in "  coming months " the United States will negotiate with the Afghan government to extend American commitments to Afghanistan well beyond 2014 . That commitment could take the minimalist form of a simple political statement that the U.S. will be in Afghanistan for the long term , or it could take a maximalist form -- a defense treaty on the model of the one the United States has with South Korea , a model that is frequently cited admiringly by Afghan officials . Or it could be something in between those positions , such as a Status of Forces Agreement of the kind that the United States signed with Iraq in 2008 , which is legally binding but does not require the two-thirds majority in the U.S. Senate that is necessary for the ratification of a full-blown treaty . That agreement allowed U.S. forces to remain in Iraq in an advisory role but not in combat operations . A U.S. official says that such a long-term pact will "  speak to the Afghans , speak to the Pakistanis and indirectly to the Taliban : You ca n't wait us out here . " Whatever form this new commitment takes , it 's obvious that the Obama administration is in Afghanistan for the long haul .	Bergen says there has been a strategic shift in the Obama administration policy towards Afghanistan United States will maintain combat troops in Afghanistan until December 2014 NATO will continue to have some kind of role in Afghanistan , likely advising and training units of the Afghan army , into 2015 and beyond .
CNN  -- A mile down in an abandoned gold mine in South Dakota , physicists in a state-of-the-art scientific laboratory are searching for elusive "  dark matter " particles , which make up most of the mass in our universe . So far , no one has ever seen dark matter directly . You ca n't see it , touch it , smell it , throw a net over it , or tag it in the ways particle physicists deal with ordinary particles . We only know it by its gravitational effects on galaxies . On Wednesday , team members from LUX -- for Large Underground Xenon experiment -- announced the first results from their operation in the Sanford Underground Research Facility , deep in the former Homestake Mine in Lead , South Dakota -- where for three months they have been taking an 11-minute , 4,850 foot elevator ride down a mine shaft to work in their lab . Previous dark matter experiments suggested we were very close to the first direct detection . They predicted that with just slightly more sensitive detectors , like those in the LUX experiment , scientists would have definite evidence . Now LUX has shown those predictions were wrong . Were they correct , more than 1,600 particles should have been seen in the LUX data -- about one particle an hour . No such signals were seen . What the experiment succeeded in doing was ruling out earlier weak detections , showing they were not the real deal . Weak detections can be real or just a random fluctuation . Taking a photograph of something faint and far away might , in the shortest exposure , suggest a hint of something -- maybe the shape of an alien spaceship or the Loch Ness monster . But in better exposures that collect more light or have sharper resolution , those hints should turn into obvious images -- unless it was just a fluctuation , that is , in which case it would not become clearer no matter how long the exposure . If you ca n't see it , how did scientists find evidence of dark matter ? One clear sign appeared in astronomical images taken in the 1980s , with photographic plates and new more sensitive detectors , that showed a really odd phenomenon : strange , long arcs of faint blue light behind groups of redder , rounder galaxies . At first , the arcs were dismissed as anomalies . They were like the Bigfoot of the sky : too odd to explain based on current knowledge , but not clear enough to claim a new species . As detectors improved even more and telescopes got bigger , more arcs were seen , typically behind clusters of galaxies . That meant an arc had to be the stretched image of a background galaxy -- stretched by the gravity of the foreground cluster . Albert Einstein predicted this phenomenon , called "  gravitational lensing . " According to his theory , gravity bends light much as the lenses in my glasses bend incoming light rays . An image of a very distant galaxy would be undistorted and true if no other galaxies were along the path between it and the Earth . But when light passes near or through a large mass -- like a cluster of galaxies , which can weigh as much as 1,000 times our Milky Way galaxy -- it bends because of the gravitational force of the cluster . The more massive the cluster , the more the light path curves . The more the light path bends , the more distorted the image of the distant background galaxy . So , a distant galaxy that just happens to line up behind a nearby , massive cluster of galaxies looks strangely elongated . And most important , the distortion of the image tells astronomers how much the nearby cluster weighs . But the arcs implied far too much mass for the number of stars we could see . Other mass estimates , based on the motions of galaxies in a cluster and of stars in the outskirts of a galaxy , also suggested the presence of a lot of unseen mass . This had to be some kind of matter that , unlike ordinary protons and electrons , did n't emit light . In fact , this dark matter , as it was called , did n't appear to follow any of the laws of physics , except gravity . By now a mountain of data points to the existence of dark matter . We even have data that can not be explained away by alternate theories of gravity . So , what is dark matter ? One candidate is a class of particles named WIMPs , an acronym standing for "  weakly interacting massive particles . " Some types of WIMPs have been ruled out by the LUX data . LUX and similar experiments try to detect the recoil of the nucleus of an atom -- for example , the nucleus of the noble gas xenon -- when it is hit spot-on by a dark matter particle . The dark matter escapes but the atom emits a flash of light that can be detected . The chances of this happening are exceedingly small -- about 1 in 10 trillion . It 's like trying to see someone 's nose twitch in a stadium full of crazy football fans . Putting a dark matter experiment deep underground quiets the noise by screening out lots of particles other than dark matter . That 's what brought the National Science Foundation and the Department of Energy to the Homestake gold mine , more than 130 years after gold-feverish dreamers flooded into South Dakota . After the Homestake Mine closed in 2003 , several underground rooms were retrofitted as a dedicated science facility . More than 100 hardworking physicists and engineers on the LUX team made this new measurement experiment possible , including many students and postdoctoral scholars searching for their version of gold . Whatever these young scientists end up doing in the future -- and with the skills they learn , they could do just about anything -- they made an important step toward direct detection of dark matter particles . Imagine having that on your resume : I searched for dark matter in an abandoned gold mine . "  This is only the beginning for LUX , " says one of the experiment leaders , Dan McKinsey , my colleague at Yale . "  Now that we understand the instrument and its backgrounds , we will continue to take data , testing for more and more elusive candidates for dark matter . " As LUX and others continue to take data , we wait for a future announcement of , we hope , the first direct detection of dark matter . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Meg Urry .	Meg Urry : A mile down in an old gold mine , physicists search for "  dark matter " particles Urry : Putting the experiment deep underground screens out particles other than dark matter We know dark matter only by gravitational effect , but it is most of the universe 's mass Urry : Nobody has seen it , but experiment shows earlier weak detections were not real
Attention all snowbirds : If you 're looking for the best retreat this season , go West , you travelers , go West . The western half of the Lower 48 is forecast to have a warmer-than-average winter . Meanwhile , Florida below its panhandle is expected to be colder than usual from December to February . That prognostication comes from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration 's Climate Prediction Center . But there 's a catch this year . How to pay for your vacation The Pacific weather system known as El Nino is n't behaving as expected , forecasters say . In fact , it has n't even fully developed yet . El Nino indicates warmer ocean water in the equatorial Pacific , and that influences the jet stream and gives forecasters confidence in their work . "  This is one of the most challenging outlooks we 've produced in recent years because El Nino decided not to show up as expected , " Mike Halpert , center deputy director , said in a statement . "  In fact , it stalled out last month , leaving neutral conditions in place in the tropical Pacific . " Forecasters are keeping an eye out for El Nino . The official 2012 U.S. winter outlook favors warmer-than-average temperatures in much of Texas ; the Central and Northern Plains ; the Southwest ; the Northern Rockies ; eastern Washington , Oregon and California ; and the northern two-thirds of Alaska , the center said . Hawaii , however , is expected to have cooler temperatures . Conditions will be drier than typical in the Pacific Northwest , Hawaii , northern California , Idaho , western Montana , most of Nevada and portions of Wyoming and Utah , the center said . Hit the trail : 7 gorgeous fall hikes It will also be drier in the upper Midwest  including Minnesota , Wisconsin , Iowa and northern Missouri  ; eastern parts of North and South Dakota ; Nebraska ; Kansas ; and western Illinois , the center said . This winter should be wetter than usual across the Gulf Coast states from the northern half of Florida to eastern Texas , the center said . It 's a crap shoot for the rest of the country . They are given an "  equal chance " for one of three winters : above , near or below normal , the center said . The center 's outlook does n't predict snowstorms , however . Sorry , Frosty . When autumn leaves fall	The western United States should have a warmer winter , federal forecasters say But Florida below the panhandle should be cooler this winter There 's a kink : El Nino has n't developed , taking away confidence in forecasts
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama faces a long list of issues when he steps to the podium in the White House East Room on Friday for a news conference . The last time he took questions from reporters was June 30 , during his trip to Africa . Since then , the White House has embarked on a campaign-style tour pushing its economic agenda , while unforeseen issues like the recent unprecedented embassy closures because of a terror threat and the strained relationship with Russia over NSA leaker Edward Snowden have taken center stage . With all those as possible topics for reporters to press the president on -- here are some questions that could come up . 1 . The administration recently made the decision to close embassies around the world , evacuate diplomatic staff in Yemen and Pakistan and elevate the terror alert . Does the fact al Qaeda is capable of causing such a reaction contradict your administration 's claim that it has been decimated ? The State Department this week closed nearly two dozen embassies and consulates in the Middle East and Africa amid fears of an al Qaeda attack . Many in the diplomatic and intelligence community called the decision , which was sparked by an intercepted message among senior al Qaeda operatives , unprecedented . In an interview on Tuesday on the "  Tonight Show " with Jay Leno , Obama called the threat "  significant enough that we are taking every precaution . " Just before Election Day in 2012 , Obama made an impassioned speech in Green Bay , Wisconsin , in which he said , "  The war in Afghanistan is winding down . Al Qaeda has been decimated . " This latest revelation that a message from al Qaeda led to the closures has called the assessment into question . White House press secretary Jay Carney said the White House stood by that idea this week . "  It 's leadership decimated and there 's no question it 's on the run , " Carney said , drawing a distinction from the terrorist group 's leadership and splinter groups . "  There 's no question that core al Qaeda in Afghanistan and Pakistan has been severely diminished . " 2 . Long before admitted NSA leaker Edward Snowden entered the picture , relations between the United States and Russia were deteriorating . Your administration said that your planned summit with Russian leader Vladimir Putin would probably have been canceled even with Russia granting Snowden asylum because there would be little to talk about . How does the United States improve relations with Russia with so many issues between the two countries ? On Wednesday , the White House officially announced what many in the media had been speculating : Obama would not meet Putin in September ahead of the G-20 summit in St. Petersburg . The White House cited a lack of progress on a number of bilateral issues , but admitted that Russia 's decision to grant temporary asylum to Snowden , the former government contractor who leaked classified documents , was a factor in the decision . In the past , Obama has been dismissive of Snowden . While on his trip through Africa , Obama said he was n't "  going to be scrambling jets to get a 29-year-old hacker " and in the "  Tonight Show " interview , Obama said he wanted to see Snowden back in the U.S. to face trial "  with a lawyer and due process . " A senior administration official told CNN on Wednesday that "  we just had n't gotten any traction " on issues that the summit would have addressed , including missile-defense and a reduction in nuclear missiles . Attempts to find common ground on economic and trade agreements as well as differing approaches on Syria also were problematic . 3 . Your campaign and other Democrats leveled a number of hard "  War on Women " charges against Mitt Romney and Republicans . Yet , in the past month , three Democratic politicians -- Anthony Weiner and Eliot Spitzer in New York and Bob Filner in San Diego -- have put their issues with women front and center and are asking for support . As the leader of the Democratic Party , how do you feel that these three men represent your party ? And would you vote for them if you were able to ? During the 2012 campaign , Democrats and the Obama campaign regularly hit GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney for some of his socially conservative positions . In July 2012 , the Obama campaign released an ad attacking Romney 's stance on women 's issues . "  I 've never felt this way before , but it 's a scary time to be a woman , " a woman , staring directly at the camera , said . "  Mitt Romney is just so out of touch . " But in the past few months , Weiner , Spitzer and Filner have made headlines for their issues with women . Eleven women have accused Filner , the mayor San Diego , of sexual harassment while he was mayor or a congressman from California . Weiner -- whose "  sexting " scandal forced his resignation from Congress in 2011 -- is now running for mayor of New York , all while being dogged by new revelations around the same issue . And Spitzer , who resigned as New York governer in 2008 after it was revealed he had an solicited prostitutes , is now running for New York comptroller . Obama has yet to comment on the issue , but Carney told reporters last month that the president was more focused on economic growth , and that the White House would not comment on Weiner or Filner . 4 .  The state exchanges and marketplaces for Obamacare will go into effect in a few months and some states have already begun publishing their new premium costs . What are your thoughts about the increased premiums ? Do you think the fact that some states will experience such high increases discredits the law ? Will it make it more difficult to meet enrollment goals ? Although enrollment in Obamacare state exchanges begins on October 1 , with the coverage the plans provide actually kicking in at the start of 2014 , many states have been preparing for the health care changes by releasing preliminary plans and rates . In some states , insurances purchasers would n't be blamed for suffering from a bit of sticker shock . According to Florida officials , premiums for the mid-level insurance plan will rise between 7.6 % and 58.8 % , depending on the insurer . The average increase in the state would be 35 % . Ohio officials , meanwhile , compared trade association 's report of premiums available today with the average premiums expected for the exchange and found the price would increase 41 % . Earlier this week , Carney said the implementation of Obamacare "  is very much a high priority of the president 's , and he is engaged in discussions about progress being made on implementation , as you would expect , and certainly the rest of the administration is . " 5 .  You told Democrats on Capitol Hill last week that you would n't negotiate on the debt ceiling when Congress returns in September . Why did you choose to take such a hard line so early ? And you have been in these congressional negotiations before -- what have you learned from past debt negotiations that many have said did not go well ? When Obama met with Capitol Hill Democrats last week , a senior Democrat told CNN that the president told legislators that he is "  not negotiating on debt ceiling , " but that he will "  look at a reasonable plan if the Republicans have one . " Jack Lew , Obama 's treasury secretary , backed up those comments on multiple Sunday show appearances , including with CNN . "  Congress has to do its work , " Lew told Fox News Sunday . One of the first things lawmakers must do in September is fund the government past September 30 , when the 2013 fiscal year ends . On top of that , according to estimates by economists and budget experts , the nation 's borrowing authority , or debt ceiling , will need to be raised sometime before mid-November . Obama has been here before . In 2011 , he and House Speaker John Boehner negotiated with one another over the debt ceiling . Those negotiations eventually collapsed -- ultimately ending in acrimony . "  If I look back over the year and a half or so that I 've been speaker , my greatest disappointment was that the president and I could n't come to an agreement in solving our debt crisis , " Boehner told CNN White House Correspondent Jessica Yellin in a 2012 interview .	Long list of questions Obama could be asked -- from terror threats to U.S.-Russia relations , to the economy Obama 's last news conference was in June during Africa trip ; last at White House was in April Since last news conference , Russia has taken in NSA leaker and terror threat has been elevated
CNN Student News  -- October 13 , 2014 As news breaks about a new case of Ebola in the U.S. , we 're getting a lot of questions about how exactly people can catch the disease . We 'll tell you what health officials are saying . Also featured : a follow-up on education activist Malala Yousafzai , who just became the youngest person ever to receive a Nobel Peace Prize . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
CNN  -- The $ 100 million lawsuit spurred by Charlie Sheen 's dramatic firing from his hit CBS TV sitcom earlier this year has been settled "  to the parties ' mutual satisfaction , " Warner Bros. . Television and Sheen 's attorney said Monday . Warner Bros. and producer Chuck Lorre fired Sheen from "  Two and a Half Men " in March , after a two-week public meltdown by the star that included attacks on Lorre . Sheen sued them for $ 100 million , accusing them of breaking his contract , which paid him a reported $ 1.2 million an episode . "  The pending lawsuit and arbitration will be dismissed as to all parties , " the studio said . "  The parties have agreed to maintain confidentiality over the terms of the settlement . " Sheen 's attorney , Marty Singer , echoed that , telling CNN , "  The matter has been settled to the parties ' mutual satisfaction . " Sheen had wanted a public court trial , but a Los Angeles judge ruled in June that the arbitration clause in Sheen 's contract required the legal dispute to be considered by a private arbitrator , not a judge . Sheen 's character was killed off in the new season that started this month and Ashton Kutcher was added to the sitcom 's cast .	NEW : Sheen 's attorney confirms lawsuit is settled "  to the parties ' mutual satisfaction " Sheen 's lawsuit against the studio and producer is dropped , Warner Bros. . TV says Sheen 's suit stems from his firing from the hit CBS sitcom Terms of the settlement of Sheen 's $ 100 million lawsuit are not public
CNN  -- He grew up as the second son of late Syrian President Hafez al-Assad , deep in the shadow of his father . Bashar al-Assad was never meant to rule . He studied medicine in Britain , receiving a degree in ophthalmology , and headed the Syrian Computer Society . He switched his focus to military science , however , after the death in a 1994 car accident of his older brother , Bassel , who had been groomed to follow his father into the presidency . The death meant Bashar al-Assad was the next heir to power . When the elder al-Assad died in June 2000 , it took only hours for the Syrian parliament to vote to amend the country 's constitution to allow Bashar al-Assad to become president . The parliament lowered the age of eligibility of the president from 40 to 34 , allowing the then-37-year-old son to take over . Read the latest news about the unrest in Syria Within weeks , Bashar al-Assad was also made a member of the regional command for the ruling Baath Party , another requirement of succession . Now , the unrest in southern Syria , with amateur videos of violent protests and bloodied bodies , is starting to define al-Assad 's rule in the eyes of the world . Human rights groups say such scenes are evidence of Syrian security forces firing on their own people , though state-run television disputes the claims . Syrians have lived in fear of political repression for decades . Hafez al-Assad ruled with an iron fist , ruthlessly putting down dissent by jailing dissidents and crushing the opposition . Since 1963 , the country has been under emergency law , which effectively suspends most constitutional protections , according to the U.S. State Department . The law authorizes the government to conduct preventive and arbitrary arrests , according to the British Foreign Office . Security forces do n't need to obtain arrest warrants and suspects may be detained for prolonged periods without charge or trial , or access to lawyers . Critics say Bashar al-Assad 's security machine still holds a grip on the country -- and the president himself -- though he rejected that suggestion in a 2005 interview with CNN . "  They should choose , " he said of his critics . "  You can not be a dictator and not be in control . " Al-Assad , now 45 , denies he is a dictator , seeing himself instead as a modern leader . His official website says he has built free-trade zones , licensed more private newspapers and private universities , and fought government waste and corruption . He has also worked on social and economic reform . While there have been some changes during his 10 years of rule , al-Assad 's promises have largely not been delivered . Human Rights Watch calls it "  the wasted decade " with a media that remains state-controlled , a monitored and censored internet , and prisons still filled with dissidents . Activists say that with the current protests , however , al-Assad can no longer look away . "  He has to start listening , " said Wissam Tarif , executive director of the human rights group Insan . "  It 's the time to start listening and acting . He ca n't afford any more promises . " Other analysts say force may have worked in the past to quell dissent , but not this time . "  The government is going to try to continue to use the tactics that it has for a very long time , which is just to snuff out any protest , " said Anne-Marie Slaughter , a professor of politics and international affairs at Princeton University . Now , however , "  the wall of fear is coming down . " CNN 's Stan Grant contributed to this report .	Bashar al-Assad has ruled Syria since June 2000 He was not groomed for succession Despite some reforms , critics highlight empty promises Human rights groups say he must listen to the protesters
CNN  -- South Korea 's Red Cross has offered $ 8.4 million in flood aid to North Korea , the Yonhap news agency said Tuesday . The aid includes medical kits , food and emergency supplies , South Korea Unification Ministry spokesman Chun Hae-sung told reporters . The Red Cross is Seoul 's main channel for humanitarian aid to North Korea . The communist nation has not replied to the offer , Chun was quoted as saying . The International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies blamed a flash flood for displacing more than 23,000 people in a North Korean province bordering China . "  The whole city of Sinuiju with its 350,000 residents is without piped drinking water at the moment because the main pumping station was inundated , " said Henk Schipper , Red Cross water and sanitation delegate in North Korea . In August , nearly 260,000 people in northeastern China and North Korea fled their homes as heavy rains caused the Yalu River to overflow its banks , state news outlets in those countries reported Sunday . Tensions between North Korea and its southern neighbor have escalated since a May report from Seoul blamed North Korea for the sinking of a South Korean warship in March . The report , whose findings have been endorsed by the United States , alleged that a North Korean sub sank the ship , the Cheonan , with a torpedo , killing 46 sailors . North Korea denies it was responsible for the sinking .	The Red Cross is South Korea 's channel for aid to North Korea The communist nation has not replied to the offer In August , heavy rains caused rivers to swell over
CNN  -- Cesc Fabregas ' return to Barcelona could be delayed by a further season after the president of the Catalan giants Sandro Rosell said they will not "  go mad " in their attempt to sign the Spanish international midfielder . Fabregas had been expected to leave Arsenal during the close season transfer window , but the Premier League club have placed a big price tag on their star asset and are refusing to budge . Rosell told Catalan TV3 that Arsenal "  do n't want to listen to offers to sell and they are not putting the player on the market . " Arsenal have reportedly turned back one # 30 million  $ 45.89 m  offer for Fabregas from the Spanish champions , who have been forced to take out a $ 155 million  $ 200.58 m  loan to ease their financial problems . And Rosell said they would not break the bank to land the 23-year-old , particularly as he believes there is ill-feeling between his club and Arsene Wenger 's Arsenal . "  There was a strong dispute a few months ago and they have not forgotten it . Nor will we be going mad trying to sign him , " he added . Barcelona 's Spanish World Cup teammates of Fabregas embarrassingly forced him to wear their shirt as they celebrated their triumph , but it remains to be seen if a deal can still be thrashed out . Barcelona have already completed the big-money purchase of Spain World Cup hero David Villa from Valencia this summer and on Friday sealed the signing of Brazilian utility player Adriano from Sevilla . The 25-year-old , who can play at full-back or as a wide midfielder , will cost an initial fee of $ 9.5 million  $ 12.29 m  with an additional fee payable depending on appearances and performances . Adriano , who has been at Sevilla since 2004 , will complete a medical at the Camp Nou on Saturday .	Barca president Sandro Rosell says club will not be held to ransom over Cesc Fabregas Arsenal digging in their heels as they attempt to hold on to their star midfielder Barcelona to sign Brazilian midfielder Adriano from Sevilla
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- California corrections officials released an updated prison photograph of Charles Manson on Wednesday , showing the balding and graying 74-year-old , complete with his iconic forehead swastika . A new photo of Charles Manson shows his graying beard and his legendary swastika tattooed into his forehead . The picture was taken as part of a regular update of inmate images at the California State Prison in Corcoran , about 150 miles northwest of Los Angeles , where Manson is serving a life term . The release of the picture comes ahead of the 40th anniversary of the "  Manson family " killings in August 1969 . Manson and four others -- Susan Atkins , Patricia Krenwinkel , Charles "  Tex " Watson and Leslie Van Houten -- were convicted of murder and other charges in connection with a two-night rampage that left pregnant actress Sharon Tate and seven others dead . Van Houten , who was 19 at the time of the killings , was convicted in the murders of Leno LaBianca , a wealthy grocery store owner , and his wife , Rosemary . Van Houten was accused of stabbing Rosemary LaBianca 14 to 16 times in the back . Van Houten was also convicted of conspiracy in Tate 's death and four others at the actress ' Beverly Hills home . Tate was 8 1/2 months pregnant , and the baby also died in the attack . Manson , Atkins and Krenwinkel were convicted for those murders . All members of the "  Manson family " have been up for parole multiple times over the past four decades , but it has never been granted . Atkins , who has been declared terminally ill , was denied a compassionate release from prison in July 2008 . Atkins has told police she was one of the people who stabbed Tate and scrawled the word "  pig " in blood on the door of the home the actress shared with director Roman Polanski . In May 2008 , authorities dug for bodies at the Inyo County , California , ranch where Manson and his followers once lived , after police learned that testing had indicated human remains might be buried there . According to authorities , nothing was found .	Prison officials release updated photo of convicted murderer Charles Manson Photo shows Manson with receding hairline , gray hair and forehead swastika Manson , four others were convicted in series of murders over two-day period in 1969
CNN  -- A diet of bread and water is the punishment for dozens of Arizona inmates who allegedly defaced American flags placed in their jail cells . The 38 male inmates are part of the Maricopa County jail system , which is under the control of controversial sheriff Joe Arpaio . For their alleged unpatriotic acts , the sheriff said Thursday , they 'll survive on bread and water for seven days . "  These inmates have destroyed the American flag that was placed in their cells , " Arpaio said . "  Tearing them , writing on them , stepping on them , throwing them in the toilet , trash or wherever they feel . It 's a disgrace ... this is government property that they are destroying , and we will take action against those who act this way . " The flags are part of a push for patriotism in county jail cells that includes listening to the "  Star-Spangled Banner " every morning and "  God Bless America " every night over the intercom system . Arpaio implemented the American flag jailhouse initiative in November . At the time , he announced a push to hire more veterans , saying his office employs more than 600 men and women who have served in the military . He manages about 8,000 inmates . "  Sheriff Arpaio is a Korean War veteran and a big patriot , " said Chrisopher Hegstrom , a spokesman for the Sheriff 's Office . Arpaio 's tough , headline-grabbing punishments have earned him diehard supporters and fiery opponents along the way . He 's issued pink underwear to the men detained in the county 's jails and said he is saving taxpayers money by removing salt and pepper from prison meals . This month , the county announced that his racial and ethnic profiling will cost it at least $ 22 million . A court ruled in May that his office routinely profiled Latinos during traffic and immigration patrols . His office has a history of targeting vehicles with occupants of Latino heritage , scrutinizing them more strictly and detaining them more often , U.S. District Judge Murray Snow ruled . Arpaio has denied any discrimination or civil rights violations , and is appealing the decision . He was elected to his sixth term as sheriff for the Phoenix area in November 2012 . CNN 's Matthew Stucker contributed to this report	The inmates will eat bread and water for seven days They are all male and part of the Maricopa County jail system It 's managed by controversial sheriff Joe Arpaio "  Sheriff Arpaio is a Korean War veteran and a big patriot , " spokesman says
As a 36-year cancer survivor , I am watching with great interest as the debate rages over whether the Affordable Care Act strengthens the individual insurance market , as the law 's supporters contend , or dismantles it , as critics say . Having been repeatedly denied health coverage I needed and wanted to buy because of my pre-existing condition , I know that provisions of the law can dramatically improve the quality and cost of insurance for people shopping for coverage on their own . I was diagnosed with acute myelogenous leukemia as a college student . After nearly five years of aggressive chemotherapy , immunotherapy , bone marrow harvests and more , I was cancer-free . My cancer has never returned , but since then I have waged a battle of a different kind -- a three-decade struggle to obtain quality , affordable coverage . I spent a few years on my parents ' health plan as a student -- long before the new law guaranteed that parents ' policies can cover their children through age 26 . Later I joined my husband 's work-based plan . It was n't until he got laid off and our COBRA coverage expired that I discovered how difficult it would be to buy a health plan on my own . I shopped around , but as soon as I revealed my pre-existing condition , I was denied coverage -- no further questions asked . My appeals were unsuccessful , and insurers would n't even sell me a plan at some sky-high price . I went to California 's high-risk pool for uninsured people with pre-existing conditions , but the option to pay $ 1,800 a month for flimsy coverage that would have left my three young children uninsured was not really an option at all . After months of searching , I found an expensive plan with limited benefits through a professional association , and ever since I have paid to be a member of the organization just so I can maintain coverage . For 15 years my sons and I have struggled to afford the plan 's annual deductibles of up to $ 3,000 per person and monthly premiums that have risen about 30 % each year . Every couple of years I reduced our coverage and gave up our trusted providers to avoid yet another premium increase , until we reached the plan 's minimum coverage level . Now a single mom with three sons to put through college , I 've had to make some very tough choices . The situation is similar for the millions of uninsured people across the country who are living with cancer or another pre-existing condition . For decades , we have been denied coverage outright , charged exorbitantly expensive premiums for limited coverage and forced to pay tens or even hundreds of thousands of dollars for lifesaving care . It 's no wonder that high medical bills are a major cause of family bankruptcies , or that seriously ill patients have died because they could not get the treatment that could have extended or even saved their life . The health care law offers people like me a choice of health plans sold in online marketplaces in every state . Each plan must cover essential benefits needed to prevent and treat cancer or another serious disease , and no plan can turn down someone with a pre-existing condition or charge them more than they would a healthy person . No one will have coverage revoked if he or she gets sick or terminated if his or her plan 's coverage reaches an arbitrary limit . Patients will not have to pay for preventive tests such as mammograms , and many people with low or moderate incomes could get tax credits that help them afford coverage . I visited California 's marketplace , CoveredCA.com , on October 1 -- the day it went live . At first I encountered technical problems , as so many others have , that were caused in part by the large number of people trying to find coverage . But I knew I had until December 15 to enroll for coverage to begin January 1 . Recently I tried again and enrolled in my chosen plan in about 15 minutes . In January , for the first time since my diagnosis 36 years ago , I will have an individual health plan that offers quality coverage for me and my family . I will save $ 628 every month on premiums . Best of all -- I was n't even asked if I 've ever had cancer .	Lori Greenstein Bremner says she had problems getting insurance after surviving cancer Bremner says she settled for pricey health policy due to her pre-existing condition She says premium hikes left her scaling back coverage for herself and sons to a minimum With Obamacare , she says she has cheaper , better plan and no one asked about cancer
EW.com  -- Will Chris Soules ever love any woman as much as he loves corn ? We 're about to find out . On today 's Good Morning America , Soules was officially announced as the next Bachelor . Although it 's not a surprising pickâ $ " most everyone predicted this was a possibility at some pointâ $ " it is one that took a surprising amount of time to make . EW : Full coverage of ` The Bachelor ' Soules , also known as the hot farmer from Iowa on Andi 's season of The Bachelorette , did n't gain much of a fan following until the end of his time on the show , which could 've led to the show 's slow decision-making . As Chris Harrison put it after the Bachelorette finale , "  There are endless discussions and heated debates on which direction to go and what to do . We are very close to making that decision , but the only big mistake we could really make is to rush this and try to get it done in time for last night 's show . " EW : Full coverage of ` The Bachelorette ' Or perhaps it took so long because they were worried about finding 25 attractive women who 'd willingly want to move to Iowa ? Regardless , the hot farmer with the world 's greatest family is bringing his charm  and buckets of money  back to California for another shot at love . Let 's just hope he gets a secret admirer of his own  and that she knows how to play Ghosts in the Graveyard  . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Soules appeared on "  The Bachelorette " He was the predicted "  Bachelor " It took awhile for his selection to be announced
Mecca , Saudi Arabia  CNN  -- Chanting "  Allahu Akbar " -- God is Greater than any -- more than 2 million pilgrims crossed new pedestrian bridges Saturday to perform one of the last rituals of the Hajj season . Jamarat is a re-enactment of an event when Prophet Abraham stoned the devil and rejected his temptations , according to Muslim traditions . The ritual stoning of three pillars , which occurs in the tent city of Mina -- about two miles from Mecca , was the scene of stampedes and many deaths in the 1980s and 1990s as pilgrims passed a crowded bottleneck area leading to the small pillars on the ground . But this year the Saudi government completed a new project that avoids past congestion at the site . The government has erected three massive pillars and completed a $ 1.2 billion , five-story bridge nearby where pilgrims can toss stones . Authorities and pilgrims say it 's a roomier atmosphere and more efficient way to accommodate the faithful . "  Everything went fine so far , " Col. Khakled Qarar Mohammadi , head of the emergency forces at Jamarat , told CNN . "  It is an immense responsibility that we had to deal with . About 3 million pilgrims move in a small geographic area at the same time wanting to do the same ritual . So we have been preparing for this for years now . " Irtiza Hasan , a pilgrim from the United States , said all went well at the ceremony . "  The only incident I saw was that there were some handicapped women who were turned away in fears that they get hurt . " But Mohammadi said , "  There are 10 vans on the second floor especially designated to serve the elderly and handicapped . Each van can take up to 14 pilgrims . " As a measure to alleviate harm , according to Muslim traditions , the elderly and the handicapped can appoint someone else to stone for them . The five-story Jamarat bridge is air-conditioned at 19 degrees Centigrade , or 66 Fahrenheit , throughout the day and backed by water sprinklers that can reduce the temperature to about 29 degrees C , or 84 F . The bridge is designed to allow the addition of seven more levels to hold as many as 5 million pilgrims in the future if the need arises . According to authorities , the bridge is 950 meters  1,039 yards  long and 80 meters  87 yards  wide . Each floor is 12 meters  13 yards  high with three tunnels and 12 entrances and 12 exits in six directions . It has a helicopter pad for emergencies . According to Mohammadi , the project has 509 advanced closed-circuit television cameras monitoring pilgrims ' movements . Those cameras feed into the main operations room , which oversees the Jamarat Bridge and the surrounding areas -- all screened by dozens of security officers on 72 monitors at the operation room . The stoning ritual is done over at least two days , where pilgrims stone three pillars at Mina -- believed to be where the Prophet Abraham stoned the devil when he tried to dissuade him from obeying God 's orders to slaughter his son . According to tradition , the event was a test from God , who gave Abraham a ram to slaughter instead . The last ritual that marks the end of Hajj is when pilgrims go from Mina to Mecca to make a last visit to al-Masjid al-Haram , Islam 's holiest site , before going back home . The ritual is called Tawaf al-Wada ' a -- or farewell circumambulation in the holy mosque . It 's where pilgrims go around the black cube seven times counter-clockwise asking that their Lord accept their pilgrimage and grant them another visit to the holy city .	Goverment constructed three new massive pillars , five-story bridge for Hajj ritual Jamarat re-enacts Abraham 's stoning the devil , according to Muslim tradition Ritual was scene of deadly stampedes as pilgrims crammed through bottleneck The air-conditioned bridge is 950 meters long , 80 meters wide ; each floor is 12 meters high
London , England  CNN  -- The London sun is high when the bare-chested young men step onto the carefully manicured pitch , draped in flowing red cloaks and several layers of colorful beads . A few years ago they had n't even held a cricket ball , let alone played in a competitive match , yet here they are today , entering the game 's most famous venue to a flurry of cheers . From a remote corner in Kenya to Lord 's cricket ground in the UK , known as the spiritual home of cricket , it 's been a long journey for the Maasai Cricket Warriors , a team of young tribesmen attending "  Last Man Stands , " a global championship event for amateur squads from around the world . It all started six years ago thanks to the efforts of Aliya Bauer , a South African woman who 'd gone to Kenya 's Laikipia region to work on a primate research program . Whilst studying the behavior of baboons , Bauer was finding it hard to live without her big love : cricket . "  I was missing my passion and I just wanted to share it with others , " says Bauer , who is now the team 's coach . "  Cricket is a fabulous medium to build friendships and to engage people in a positive way . " ` Love for the game ' Bauer then decided to introduce cricket to the local community . She brought some basic cricket equipment from South Africa and held a trial session outside the Il Polei village chief 's office . "  I just invited anybody who wanted to come , " she remembers . "  A few kids came along and then I approached the head teacher of the local school and asked him if it was possible to go twice a week and train the kids . " Read this : Maasai boy scares off lions with flashy invention But along with the school children 's attention , these initial sessions also captured the imagination of some of the young Maasai warriors living nearby . Every time they 'd pass the training ground they would stop and watch curiously until one day some of them decided , just for the fun of it , to have a go at this novel game themselves . "  It was the first time to see this kind of a game because in Kenya cricket is not famous , " says team captain Sonyanga Weblen Ole Ngais . "  At that time it was more like just fun , but when we went on playing and training , we found out that we were starting to love the game . " ` Just like throwing a spear ' Ngais , 24 , says that cricket came naturally to him and his fellow Maasai warriors . "  Bowling , it was n't hard for us , " explains the formidably built captain . "  I can relate it to the cultural way , the Maasai way , the way we throw the spear , " he adds . "  We are pastoralists , we keep animals and sometimes you encounter a wild animal , so if you throw the spear trying to protect yourself from the wild animal , then that 's just  like  bowling . " Despite the lack of proper playing facilities , the shortage of funding and the absence of regular competition , the team went from strength to strength and today it includes 24 players , all coming from Il Polei and the neighboring Endana village . Last year the team managed to raise funds to travel to Cape Town and take part in Last Man Stands , where they did n't win any of their games . This year , however , they managed to win two of their games , reaching the semi-finals of their group during the event , held from August 26 to September 4 . "  I enjoyed the tournament , " says Ngais . "  It was our first time here in England and it was fun . " Positive change But for the Warriors , cricket is more than just fun . More importantly , the team uses sport as a tool to tackle social problems and spread health messages in their community . Read this : Tribal elder modernizing the Maasai Some members of the team are trained as volunteer coaches , visiting local schools to teach the game to young pupils . During these coaching sessions they also raise awareness about the dangers of HIV/AIDS through drama , songs and discussions . They also campaign against female genital mutilation , child marriage and animal poaching and try to improve relationships between rival communities . "  So far , we 've introduced this to about 24 primary schools and around five secondary schools , " says 31-year-old Francis Meshame , the oldest member of the team . "  We want to expand the game within the area and put it in the school curriculum . " Local stars Bauer says that all this social engagement , along with the team 's rising profile , has turned the Warriors into ambassadors for positive change within their communities . "  Our parents , they 're helping us because they are seeing what we are doing is something very important to the community , " says Ngais . "  Also , most of the Warriors are not working , so it creates some opportunity we get from this . " Some of the team 's social initiatives are captured in "  Warriors , " a documentary expected to be released next year with the aim of sharing a message of hope with the rest of the world , according to Bauer . Looking ahead , she says the goal is to introduce cricket development to more schools in order to bring success on and off the field . "  It would be amazing if we could get one of the guys playing for the Kenyan national side , " says Bauer . "  There 's definitely talent ; what we just need now is the support to get these talented boys to play enough cricket , on proper facilities , get them proper coaching , and who knows ? Nothing is impossible . "	A group of young Maasai men have formed a cricket team Called Maasai Cricket Warriors , they use sport to promote positive change They raise HIV/AIDS awareness and campaign against female genital mutilation Their efforts are captured in a documentary , set to be released next year
CNN  -- "  Saturday Night Live " writer-performer Seth Meyers will take over NBC 's "  Late Night " show next year when current host Jimmy Fallon moves to "  The Tonight Show , " NBC announced Sunday . SNL executive producer Lorne Michaels will also be the executive producer of "  Late Night with Seth Meyers . " He was also named executive producer of "  The Tonight Show " earlier this year when the network announced Fallon would replace Jay Leno . No premiere date has been announced , but NBC has said Leno 's exit and Fallon 's debut will coincide with the Winter Olympics coverage in 2014 . All three shows will broadcast from NBC 's New York headquarters at 30 Rockefeller Plaza . NBC announced in April that "  Tonight " would relocate back to New York from Burbank , California . Johnny Carson moved the show there four decades ago to take advantage of Hollywood-based guests and Southern California 's lifestyle . How Twitter helped Fallon get Leno 's job Meyers , 39 , would be the fourth comedian to host "  Late Night " since it went on the air in 1982 , starting with David Letterman and followed by Conan O'Brien and Fallon . "  Seth could n't be in better company , " Michaels said . "  We think Seth is one of the brightest , most insightful comedy writers and performers of his generation , " NBC Entertainment Chairman Bob Greenblatt said in the official announcement . Meyers has been the frontrunner in speculation about who would succeed Fallon . Like Fallon before him , Meyers anchored SNL 's "  Weekend Update " desk . Along with being a performer , Meyers is the show 's head writer . Meyers is currently in his 12th season with SNL . "  I only have to work for Lorne for five more years before I pay him back for the time I totaled his car , " Meyers said in the NBC news release . "  12:30 on NBC has long been incredible real estate.Â I hope I can do it justice . " The NBC announcement did not say when Meyers would leave his SNL duties .	No premiere date has been announced for Seth Meyers on "  Late Night " Leno 's "  Tonight Show " exit and Fallon 's debut coincide with the Winter Olympics in 2014 . Like Fallon before him , Meyers anchored SNL 's "  Weekend Update " desk
New York  CNN  -- A stretch of New York City was renamed Saturday to honor a U.S. soldier who killed himself in Afghanistan allegedly after weeks of abuse . Pvt. Danny Chen was 19 when his body was found in a guard tower in Afghanistan in October 2011 . He died of an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound . The new street , "  Private Danny Chen Way , " is located in Manhattan 's Chinatown , the neighborhood where the GI grew up . "  This was a vote for tolerance , acceptance , and above all , respect , " New York Council member Margaret Chin said last year when the council voted to rename a portion of Elizabeth Street in lower Manhattan . "  Private Danny Chen Way will be an enduring testament to the life of this remarkable young man , and serve as a powerful reminder that bullying and racism have no place in our society . " Allegations of racially charged hazing , physical abuse and bullying by fellow soldiers are believed to have contributed to Chen 's death , according to a council statement . The Chen family told The New York Times in October 2011 that officials said that he had suffered physical abuse and ethnic slurs by superiors , including an incident in which he was dragged from his bed and across a floor for failing to turn off a water heater after showering . In December 2011 , eight U.S. soldiers were charged in connection with Chen 's death . When it announced the charges , the Army did not specify what acts were alleged to have been committed by the soldiers , but family members said Chen had complained in letters of harassment by fellow soldiers before his death . At the time , an Army official said the soldiers were charged with hazing and abusing Chen in the weeks and days before he killed himself . Army Sgt. Adam Holcomb , who was charged with maltreatment and assault , was demoted and sentenced to 30 days in prison in July 2012 , though he was cleared on the more serious charge of negligent homicide .	A section New York 's Chinatown is renamed "  Private Danny Chen Way " Chen died from an apparently self-inflicted gunshot wound after alleged abuse Honor called "  enduring testament to the life of this remarkable young man "
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- The Pakistani Taliban are waiting the weather out and will take on the military when winter arrives in Pakistan 's tribal region , said Taliban leader Hakeemullah Mehsud in a phone call with CNN . "  We will wait till January for our offensive since we are stronger during the snowing season , " Mehsud said . He told CNN he remains confident despite the large-scale military operation currently targeting him and his fighters in the province of South Waziristan . "  We have conserved our energy and have not lost our morale , " he said . The leadership of his organization is safe , he said , but he did n't say where they are taking refuge . He neither denied nor confirmed that the Pakistani Taliban was responsible for Monday 's suicide blast outside the district courthouse in Peshawar . "  Being occupied in other matters , I have not been able to contact my colleagues there , so I will not be able to take responsibility at this time , " Mehsud said . Eleven people died and 36 were wounded in the Monday terror attack , according to a count by the hospital where victims were taken . Two of the dead were police officers . Peshawar is the capital of the Northwest Frontier Province , where the Pakistani government has also waged its recent military offense against Taliban militants .	Taliban leader Hakeemullah Mehsud : Leadership of organization is safe Group plans January offensive "  since we are stronger during the snowing season , " he says He neither denied nor confirmed responsibility for Monday 's blast in Peshawar that killed 11
CNN  -- David Haye claims that Wladimir Klitschko will "  freeze like an iceberg " when the heavyweight boxing champions finally meet in Hamburg on July 2 , after the date and venue was confirmed on Wednesday . The British fighter will put his WBA belt on the line against the Ukrainian 's IBF/WBO and IBO crowns in a long-awaited unification fight at the 57,000-capacity Imtech Arena . The German city is the adopted home of the 35-year-old Klitschko and his elder brother Vitali , who Haye also hopes to fight before his planned retirement in October . "  It 's great to finally find out the date and venue , " Haye said on his website . "  I 've been training for this fight since the end of 2010 and it 's nice to now have a concrete date to work towards . "  Hamburg is an accessible city for a lot of British fans , so I 'm expecting a huge turnout for what is undoubtedly the biggest boxing event of the year . We 're going to have an army of Brits invading Germany on July 2nd and I ca n't wait to sample the atmosphere . " Haye mocks ` fat ' Solis after farcical Klitschko defeat The Klitschko camp confirmed that the details had been finalized with a statement on their Facebook page : "  Let 's get ready to rumble !!! The highly anticipated fight is on . " The showdown between two of boxing 's biggest names has been on the cards since Haye stepped up from the cruiserweight division where he was also a champion , but he pulled out of a planned fight with Wladimir in 2009 due to a back injury . Both camps have engaged in a war of words since , with tensions heightened when Wladimir agreed to fight Haye 's lower-ranked compatriot Dereck Chisora in December . Boxing needs Klitschko/Haye showdown Klitschko pulled out of that bout , but then agreed to reschedule it for March in a move that further angered Haye , before another injury put paid to that plan . "  Wladimir has a history of being knocked out by fast punchers , and I punch faster than every other heavyweight in the world , " Haye boasted . "  I 've got no doubt Wladimir will freeze like an iceberg when I hit him on the chin in Hamburg . He wo n't know how to react , will panic , attempt to run for cover and then realize big brother Vitali is in the corner mopping up tears with a white towel . "	Wladimir Klitschko will defend his three heavyweight titles against David Haye The British fighter will put his WBA belt on the line in Hamburg on July 2 Long-awaited bout has been on cards since 2009 when Haye pulled out due to injury It had been in doubt after Klitschko agreed to fight Haye 's compatriot Dereck Chisora
CNN  -- Under fire for its treatment of a rape victim , the Saudi Arabian government on Saturday said that the woman had an "  illegitimate relationship " with a man who was not her husband , and that both "  exposed themselves to this heinous crime . " Human rights groups want Saudi Arabia 's King Abdullah to drop charges against the rape victim . In a statement , the kingdom 's Ministry of Justice said it was "  forced ... to clarify the role of the woman and the man who was accompanying her in this case and its circumstances " because of what it claimed were false media reports . The 19-year-old woman was initially sentenced to 90 lashes for meeting with the man -- described by her attorney as a former friend from whom she was retrieving a photograph . The seven attackers , who abducted the pair and raped her , received sentences ranging from 10 months to five years in jail . When the woman appealed her sentence , a Saudi court more than doubled it . The Qatif General Court also increased the sentence for the rapists , to two to nine years in prison . The case has drawn international attention , provoked outrage in the West and cast light on the treatment of women under Saudi Arabia 's strict Islamic law . Watch why official reaction has been muted " The ministry has previously said the woman 's punishment was increased after further evidence came to light against her when she appealed her original sentence . She was convicted of violating the kingdom 's Islamic law by not having a male guardian with her . The attacks took place in March 2006 , when the woman was 18 and engaged to be married . The government statement said that according to the woman 's signed confession , she called a man on her cell phone and "  asked to be with him alone , illegally . " The two met at a marketplace , then rode in the man 's car to "  a dark area of the beach , and stayed there for some time , " the ministry said . The group of attackers "  saw her in a compromising situation , her clothes on the ground , " the statement said . "  The men at this point assaulted her and the man with her . " The woman knew that being alone with a man who was n't her husband was illegal , "  and therefore she violated the covenant of marriage . " However , the woman was engaged -- not married -- at the time . After the incident , the woman and the man did not come forward about the assaults or press charges until someone contacted the woman 's husband "  telling him what happened , and about his wife 's affair and adultery , " the ministry said . "  She then confessed ... the husband therefore came forward to the police and formally complained nearly three months after the incident . " The woman and her companion "  exposed themselves to this heinous crime , causing the crime to take place because of their violations of the pure Sharia ruling " -- the country 's strict Islamic law . The case was handled through regular court procedures , and the woman , her male companion and the attackers all agreed in court to the initial sentences , the government said in a previous statement . The woman 's husband told CNN earlier this week that "  from the onset , my wife was dealt with as a guilty person who committed a crime . She was not given any chance to prove her innocence or describe how she was a victim of multiple brutal rapes . " Asked about the ministry 's statement Saturday , the husband declined to comment publicly . The woman 's attorney , Abdulrahman al-Lahim , has said his law license was revoked to punish him for speaking to the Saudi-controlled news media about the case . Attempts by CNN to reach al-Lahim Saturday were unsuccessful . Al-Lahim previously said the woman met the man at a shopping mall in order to retrieve an innocuous photograph from him . He has also said the man was blackmailing his client and forced her to have the meeting to save her engagement and avoid embarrassment . The woman 's husband did not find out about the crime until his friends told him the rapists were bragging about it in the Qatif community , The Arab News reported in its Sunday editions , citing a source close to the case . Earlier this week , the woman 's husband blamed his wife 's treatment on a judge with a personal vendetta . Al-Lahim told CNN that the head judge in the three-judge panel that considered the case was opposed to his client from the beginning . Both said they believe the man forced the woman to meet with him , but said she was not allowed to present that in court . The government has said that al-Lahim was punished by a disciplinary committee for exhibiting "  disrespectful behavior toward the court . " Under Saudi law , women are subject to numerous restrictions , including a strict dress code , a prohibition against driving and a requirement that they get a man 's permission to travel or have surgery . Al-Lahim has been ordered to attend a disciplinary hearing next month at the ministry , where he faces a possible three-year suspension and disbarment , according to Human Rights Watch . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Saad Abedine , Mohammed Jamjoom and Octavia Nasr contributed to this report .	Officials : Woman and her companion were discovered in a "  compromising situation " Officials : Victim and her companion caused the crime to take place Woman convicted of violating law by not having a male guardian with her Court more than doubled woman 's original sentence of 90 lashes to 200
Do n't think I 've ever seen this before : Syfy 's social media sensation "  Sharknado " just delivered its biggest audience yet . Not for its premiere airing . Not for its second airing . But for its third airing -- weeks after the film 's original telecast . The campy horror film delivered a record 2.1 million total viewers and 791,000 adults 18-49 on Saturday night . That 's the most-watched encore for an original movie in Syfy history . ` Sharknado ' producer : Tara Reid is n't fired from sequel What 's particularly impressive about the performance is that the film 's debut telecast -- despite generating massive buzz on Twitter , clocking a whirlwind 5,000 tweets per minute during its peak -- initially delivered a somewhat disappointing 1.4 million viewers a few weeks ago . But the social buzz continued after the film 's premiere . Then the second airing climbed to 1.9 million viewers . And now it 's crossed the 2 million mark . First official trailer for Syfy 's ` Ghost Shark ' There is , of course , a sequel in the works for next year , while the original "  Sharknado " is getting the unusual honor of a limited theatrical release . "  Sharknado " will have its final Syfy airing this summer on Thursday , August 22 , leading into the premiere of "  Ghost Shark . " See the original story at EW.com .	"  Sharknado " delivered its biggest audience with its third airing Viewership has climbed to 2.1 million weeks after the first telecast It 's now the most-watched encore for an original movie in Syfy history The final "  Sharknado " airing will be on August 22 ahead of "  Ghost Shark "
Washington  CNN  -- The Air Force admitted Thursday that it sent more sets of military personnel remains to a Virginia landfill than it originally acknowledged . Backtracking on initial information about how it handled the remains of American service members killed in Iraq and Afghanistan , the Air Force now says the cremated body parts of hundreds of the fallen were burned and dumped in the landfill . Earlier , the Air Force said only a small number of body parts had been buried in a commercial landfill and claimed it would be impossible to make a final determination of how many remains were disposed of in that manner . The Washington Post broke the story Thursday , and the Air Force now confirms that body fragments linked to at least 274 fallen military personnel sent to the Dover Air Force Base Mortuary were cremated , incinerated and buried with medical waste . That procedure was in place between November 2003 and May 1 , 2008 . The Air Force also said that 1,762 body parts were never identified and also were disposed of , first by cremation , then by further incineration and then buried in a landfill . Congressman Rush Holt , D-New Jersey , Thursday accused the Pentagon of what he called "  willful blindness " in not acting faster to identify and correct the problems and fully report them . "  For years , this has been handled unceremoniously and insensitively and , I would say , dishonorably , " Holt said in a telephone interview . He said he had been asking the Pentagon for months about information about Dover , on behalf of a constituent whose husband was killed five years ago . "  They do n't get it . They do n't understand the degree of dishonor involved in all of this , " Holt said . Last month , the Defense Department told the congressman that exact numbers could not be determined . "  Without individual case-by-case review , the exact number of Service-directed disposition of subsequent remains can not be determined , " said a fact sheet sent to Holt in November . "  It would require a massive effort and time to recall records and research individually . " When bodies are not intact -- for instance , in the aftermath of a crash or explosion -- a body may be released to the family before some parts have been identified by the Air Force Mortuary at Dover Air Force Base in Delaware . Families can elect to be notified when parts are identified or leave it up to the military to dispose of them appropriately . Since the policy was changed in 2008 , the unclaimed body parts are buried at sea . An earlier report found instances of mismanagement and inadequate accounting at Dover , noting that some body parts were missing from the mortuary and in one case an arm was sawed off so a body would fit in a casket . An independent group of experts is now investigating what happened at the mortuary and Defense Secretary Leon Panetta has ordered the Air Force to look at how mortuary employees there were disciplined . Two civilians were transferred to other jobs and a military officer received a career-ending letter of reprimand . Holt pointed to how the United States spends millions each year searching for the remains of service members missing in action from previous wars , for instance in Southeast Asia . "  That makes us proud to be an American , that we would do that , " Holt said . "  It is a level of response that honors our soldiers . " The mistakes at Dover send a different message , Holt said . "  It sends shudders to think that we engage in this kind of desecration . " But at the Pentagon , aides to Defense Secretary Leon Panetta said Panetta is satisfied with how the Air Force responded in regard to the landfill policy and new information about how many of the American fallen were involved . "  I think the secretary is comfortable with the way the Air Force has handled this , " said Pentagon spokesman Capt. John Kirby . And Kirby strongly pushed back against criticism by Rep. Holt . "  I do n't think there is another federal agency in this town , I do n't think there is another institution in this country , " that understands more about how to properly treat the remains of fallen troops , said Kirby , tapping the briefing room table for emphasis . Kirby said the Air Force is establishing a call center  1-855-637-2583 or e-mail dover.pm@pentagon.af.mil  so families of the fallen can seek information . Until now , families may not have been informed if part of a loved ones remains had been burned and discarded with medical waste . Pentagon Press Secretary George Little said Panetta was aware of the new reports . "  The secretary supports the recent Air Force investigation and he wants to see all of this move forward in a way that allows the Air Force to do its work and to avoid the kinds of lapses we did witness , and those lapses were regrettable , " Little said . Later Thursday the Air Force said it was ready to apologize to any family that objected to the disposition of a loved one 's remains . "  We regret any additional grief to the families past practices may have caused , " said Air Force Lt. Gen. Darrell Jones , deputy Air Force chief of staff . "  We are prepared to apologize . It causes great pain to know we have brought suffering to a family , " Jones said . Jones said only nine people have contacted a hotline seeking information about body fragments that may have been cremated , then incinerated and finally dumped with medical waste in a landfill prior to 2008 . Jones did not directly say that that now-abandoned policy was disrespectful . "  It is certainly not the way we would have done it , looking back , " Jones said . "  That 's why in 2008 when we saw that practice , we changed that practice . " He said that under current rules , body parts such as small fragments of soft tissue or bone are collected for "  retirement at sea , " a respectful transfer of the remains to the ocean from a U.S. Navy ship . So far since 2008 , he said , only 14 urns containing body fragments have been disposed of at sea .	Mortuary at Dover Air Force Base handles remains of returning war dead New Jersey congressman says the Pentagon should have acted faster An earlier report found mismanagement at the mortuary Service members ' body parts incinerated , buried with medical waste
CNN  -- Federal health officials are expanding efforts to ensure no additional bacteria-tainted cantaloupes get to consumers in what has become the deadliest U.S. outbreak of a food-borne illness in more than a decade . The Food and Drug Administration said it has teamed up with state officials in the effort . "  FDA and its state partners are conducting checks at retail stores , wholesalers and distributors to make sure they have received notification about the Jensen Farms ' whole cantaloupe recall and that they have taken appropriate action to notify their customers and remove the recalled whole cantaloupes from the shelves , " the agency said in a statement Wednesday . Thirteen people have died in what has become the deadliest U.S. outbreak of a food-borne illness since 1998 , according to records from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . The outbreak -- blamed on the bacteria Listeria monocytogenes -- was first reported September 12 . It was traced to consumption of Rocky Ford cantaloupes grown at Jensen Farms ' fields in Granada , Colorado . What you need to know about Listeria As of Monday , it had grown to 18 states , 72 illnesses and 13 deaths , according to the CDC 's latest statistics . "  Because some of the wholesalers and distributors may have further distributed the recalled cantaloupes to food processors , it is possible that additional products that contain cantaloupe from Jensen Farms could be recalled , " the FDA said . "  There is no indication of foreign distribution at this time . " In 1998 , 21 people died from consuming tainted hot dogs , according to a CDC database . Food poisoning 101 In the current outbreak , four people who ate contaminated cantaloupes died in New Mexico , two each in Colorado and Texas , and one each in Kansas , Maryland , Missouri , Nebraska , and Oklahoma . Public health officials also have reported illnesses in California , Florida , Illinois , Indiana , Montana , North Dakota , Virginia , West Virginia , Wisconsin and Wyoming . Listeria can grow even at low temperatures and can also can take three weeks or longer to make a person sick , so more cases may emerge in the coming weeks , officials said . Listeriosis causes fever , muscle aches , diarrhea and other gastrointestinal symptoms . It is rarely a serious concern for healthy children and adults , according to the CDC , but it is particularly dangerous for older adults , people with weakened immune systems . In pregnant women , it can cause miscarriages , stillbirth and premature delivery . Pregnant women may experience only mild flu-like symptoms , said Dr. David Acheson , a former chief medical officer for the FDA who is now the managing director for food and import safety practice at Leavitt Partners , a firm which advises clients on health care and food safety . Listeria can be devastating to a fetus , he said , particularly in the second or third trimesters , so pregnant women who may have been exposed and have any flu-like symptoms should see a doctor . Symptoms can be more pronounced in the elderly or those with compromised immune systems , he said . About 1,600 people become seriously ill because of the bacteria each year , the CDC reports , and about 260 die . How to keep your food safe	Listeria can take three weeks or longer to make a person sick Tainted cantaloupes are linked to 13 deaths ; 72 illnesses have been reported in 18 states It is the deadliest U.S. outbreak of a food-borne illness in more than a decade
CNN  -- Walk into any sleek West Elm store , and the first thing you 're likely to see is a giant red banner emblazoned with a white peace symbol . Peace is pretty . Browse Pottery Barn Teen , and you 'll be dazzled by backlit peace signs and multicolored peace-sign bedding . Peace is cool . Visit the ubiquitous Gap store and find peace within reach on T-shirts and bracelets . Peace is accessible , at least as an accessory . Where are the protesters passionately waving hand-drawn peace signs at marches , calling for an end to war ? What happened to "  Give peace a chance " rather than "  Give peace a place in your wardrobe " ? The notion of peace has been corroded to the point that it 's as fragile as a Christmas ornament . Or as dubious as a prize doled out to a president at war . Fittingly , President Obama 's Nobel speech acknowledged the paradox of being honored for contributing to world peace while sending more young Americans to kill and die in Afghanistan . Rationalizing the contradiction , he apologetically characterized humanity as caught in the throes of our own evolution , from who we are to who we ought to be . But what will spark that progress , from waging war to living peace ? It 's difficult to expect peace to take root beyond symbols and words if the symbols lose their meaning and the words ring hollow . How will we ever evolve if we always choose pragmatism and fear over idealism and hope ? When will peace truly have its season ? For starters , we must know what peace is and what it 's worth . And we must practice it rather than wait for its miraculous arrival . We must stop viewing "  peace " as the cry of the weak and "  war " as the act of the strong . We must not envision peace as isolationist inaction or the mere absence of conflict . Peace is a proactive choice we make in our personal lives every day . We must do the same as a nation . In order to embrace peace , we must believe it 's worth doing so . Ponder all the lives lost at war . Consider the sacrifice endured by our brave soldiers and their families . Weigh the enormous cost to our struggling economy . Not only would thousands of lives be spared by peace , but millions more would benefit by the constructive use of the vast resources squandered on war . Diseases might be cured . World hunger might be eliminated . Prosperity and fulfillment might replace poverty and suffering around the globe . Peace is worth it . And it 's certainly not for the weak but rather for those courageous enough to take a risk . Evolution begins with one mutation that turns out to be better , higher , smarter , stronger . Making the leap requires faith in our own ability to lead the world by example through this evolutionary process . Peace is a bold but calculated risk , a brave and noble choice . Gandhi said , "  Each one has to find his peace from within . And peace to be real must be unaffected by outside circumstances . " Pacifist A.J. Muste once declared , "  There is no way to peace . Peace is the way . " Martin Luther King Jr. said , "  Peace is not merely a distant goal that we seek but a means by which we arrive at that goal . " What I take from these wise thinkers is that peace starts with us and our actions . Peace is not passive . It 's not something we can put off forever . We must practice peace in order to attain it . As citizens , we must demand it . Only then will elected officials -- and others around the world -- follow our lead . So when we purchase peace signs , let 's honor their meaning : The peace symbol , created in 1958 by designer Gerald Holtom , combines the signals in semaphore for the letters "  N " and "  D , " standing for nuclear disarmament . By the 1960s , it was adopted by anti-war protesters of the baby boom generation , perhaps explaining its now nostalgic allure in boomer-frequented retail establishments , where the only conflict is whether to pick a throw pillow in sage , cranberry or chartreuse . Just as we must not allow peace to become a meaningless trinket , we must n't allow the prize to become a parody . Instead , we must remember the passion with which that peace sign was first hoisted at marches on capitols and on campuses . We must recall the fervor and nobility with which Nobel laureates like Gandhi and King gave their lives pursuing nonviolent solutions . And we must stand for peace , in our actions , in our expectations of our leaders , and in our votes . We can not simply consume peace as an illusion . We must stop talking about peace in terms of who we ought to be and start making it who we are . Because the day we stop fighting for peace is the day peace will be ours . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Rudy Ruiz .	Rudy Ruiz writes that "  peace " has been reduced to meaningless symbol Peace is not for weak ; not just isolationist inaction or absence of conflict , Ruiz says He writes that peace is noble , contagious action practiced by those with higher purpose Ruiz says Americans must stand for peace in actions , in expectations of leaders , in votes
Colorado Springs , Colorado  CNN  -- Firefighters made little headway Thursday against a raging wildfire near Colorado Springs , Colorado , which has scorched close to 16,000 acres , destroyed 360 homes and claimed at least two lives . Witnesses spoke to the two victims in the afternoon , El Paso County Sheriff Terry Maketa told reporters . "  They said that they could see a glow to the west . They were packing their personal belongings , trying to get out , " he said . Earlier , county spokesman Dave Rose told CNN that the Black Forest Fire , burning northeast of the city , now appears to be the most destructive in terms of property lost in state history . Some 750 firefighters were battling the blaze , which was 5 % contained late Thursday . With the help of helicopters and air tankers , they established a loose perimeter . "  The fire is very , very active within the containment area , and we do n't have a high level of confidence at all that we 'll be able to hold all of these lines around this fire , " Rose said . The fire 's evacuation area was 93,000 acres , affecting approximately 38,000 people and 13,000 homes , and the flames were estimated to have burned through 15,700 acres , said Maketa . That marked a dramatic increase from the 8,500 acres officials said had been burned by Wednesday night , he noted . After he spoke , residents of about 1,000 homes in Colorado Springs were told to evacuate . "  Wind is probably our No. 1 threat , " the sheriff said . Combined with dry brush and high temperatures , the winds have fanned devastating flames . Maketa struggled to find a phrase to describe how ferocious the fire is , settling on "  very dynamic . " "  If it 's a draw , that 's a victory today because we have n't had too many draws in the last couple of days , " he said . ` The flames were there ' Among those who lost their home were husband and wife , Jaenette and Kristian Coyne . "  We literally had five minutes , and we left because it was , the flames were there , " Jaenette Coyne told CNN 's AC360 Thursday night . She said she grabbed a baby album and a personal computer with pictures on it . She also took a firebox , which contained most of the couple 's important documents . The Coynes actually saw their home burn on live TV . "  It was probably the worst thing I 've ever seen in my life . You have that moment where you say : ` Is that really my house ? ' But we know it was . However , now I 'm grateful that I know . A lot of people here just do n't know , " Jaenette Coyne said . In northeast Colorado Springs , CNN iReporter Heather Croze took photos outside her home , capturing a billowing plume of smoke . One shot shows just how wide the smoke was on the horizon . A county fairground northeast of the Black Forest Fire looked like a Noah 's Ark with families who fled with their animals to escape the looming inferno . There were nearly 30 chickens , several hundred horses , a handful of cows and a couple calves , and many alpacas and miniature horses , according to the Elbert County Sheriff 's Office . Assorted dogs , cats , goats and donkeys mingled with mules and llamas . Three stallions were there . And for good measure , one yak . At least eight families also have taken refuge at the Elbert County Fairgrounds in Kiowa , the Denver Post reported , which is about 35 miles southeast of Denver . Joanne Gaishin slept outside in her car after fleeing her home with 18 chickens and three turkeys . "  I stayed in the front seat of my car with all of my fowl in there , with the roosters crowing in the morning , " she told the paper . ` We have each other ' Paula Warren , one of thousands of residents forced to flee her home northeast of Colorado Springs , spoke about how difficult it was to leave and wonder if her home was all right . "  I thought I had about an hour , and it turned out to be about 20 minutes , " she said . "  I had a pillowcase full of socks , and that 's basically all I have . " By Thursday afternoon , she got bad news . A friend called her to say that her home was on an online list of residences that had been designated as destroyed . Warren did n't know exactly where the friend had seen the information but she believed it to be true . For a person who had just been told their home was gone , Warren had a cheerful attitude when talking with CNN , laughing and saying that she was just going to go back home when she could , hitch up a trailer on the property , live in that and rebuild her house . Her home sat on five acres and she does n't think the land has been damaged . "  Trees are still standing , " she said . For now she and her two miniature horses are staying with a friend on the outskirts of Colorado Springs . The animals have adjusted fairly well , she said . "  You ca n't just take 'em to a Motel 6 , " she said . "  And my friend is very tolerant . " Like Warren , CNN iReporter Mike Schultz lost his home . He sent images of it burned to the ground , showing charred remains . His wife , Caml Schultz , said their family was able to save only some photographs , paperwork and few items of clothes . "  But we have each other , and we 're blessed . So many people have suffered loss , and so we 're just thankful that we 're here and safe and that we 're loved , and that we have so many people that are willing to help take care of us , " she said . Working to protect homes Sheriff Maketa praised the swift and strong help that civilian workers have been getting from National Guard and other military responders . Authorities said that they are watching neighborhoods and homes to do everything they can to keep them safe while combating the blaze . Still , there have been losses . Maketa said Thursday that 360 homes had been destroyed ; another 14 were damaged . Rose , the El Paso County spokesman , stressed later that those figures were preliminary , and said he would expect them to increase . "  There are areas of the Black Forest that we have not been able to get into at all to make any sort of assessment . So it 's almost impossible to come up with another number , but it is safe to assume that that number will in fact rise , " he said . Ken Litch , a 12-year resident of the area , watched Wednesday as the Black Forest Fire gained ground on his home . There was n't much else he could do . "  A hundred homes would be nothing , " he told CNN affiliate KUSA . "  Whatever is in its way , it 's going to take . " The inferno is likely to continue for a couple more days as temperatures are forecast to stay in the 90s through Friday , with winds gusting up to 30 mph . Famous bridge still intact Another major fire in the state is the Royal Gorge Fire , which is burning 55 miles to the southwest , on the other side of Colorado Springs . It burned several buildings around the iconic Royal Gorge Suspension Bridge , and threatened the bridge itself . Authorities downgraded the number of acres burned from 3,800 to 3,100 late Wednesday . The wildfire was 20 % contained , the state office of emergency management reported . Twenty structures have been lost to the flames . "  We have made good progress on the fire today without any accidents or injuries , " said Dennis Page , incident commander for the fire . The famous Royal Gorge Bridge that spans the Arkansas River is intact but needs to be inspected before it can reopen for tourists , a spokeswoman for the Royal Gorge Bridge and Park said . The suspension bridge , which is 956 feet above the river and among the highest in the world , is made of more than 1,000 wooden planks . "  We did not know until today whether the bridge was still standing , " Gorge Bridge and Park spokeswoman Peggy Gair said . Gair says fire at the park burned a visitor 's center , a tramway building , a carousel and several restaurants . Are you there ? Send an iReport There were other fires in the state as well , including in Grand and Huerfano counties . Black Forest was the biggest of the blazes . Gallery : Wildfire photographer Kari Greer goes inside the inferno Paul Vercammen reported from Colorado Springs ; Dana Ford and Ashley Fantz reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Dan Simon , Greg Botelho , Shawn Nottingham and Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	NEW : The two victims may have been trying to evacuate NEW : "  If it 's a draw , that 's a victory today , " sheriff says The Black Forest Fire has scorched at least 15,700 acres Some 360 homes are destroyed ; 14 are damaged
CNN  -- If anyone deserves the death penalty , surely it is a man who meticulously plans a mass murder and mercilessly carries it out , shattering the lives of innocents and their loved ones , rending the very bonds of humanity . Surely such a man deserves this punishment -- if , that is , his grip on moral reasoning has not been eviscerated by mental illness so severe that he ca n't be responsible for the conduct that would render him guilty under criminal laws .  Such laws have for centuries demanded blameworthiness as a prerequisite to conviction and punishment . And if the months of trial preparation , years of hearings , trials and appeals that devour millions of dollars is the best use of those precious resources because -- in the words of the prosecutor representing the people of the state of Colorado in the case against James Holmes -- "  justice is death . " There are questions to consider as well : Will the victims and their families somehow be made whole ? Would the time and money devoted to achieving this man 's death not be better spent on services and law enforcement initiatives meant to repair and prevent the mindless devastation of criminal homicide ? Would this man 's execution serve an ineffable impulse for justice ? Would it be necessary to ensure that he does not kill again or to prevent killings by others ? A claim of innocence does not stalk Holmes ' trial , nor does the legacy of race discrimination that has so long infected capital punishment . He will be represented by well-trained and competent lawyers . He is accused of killing 12 people and wounding 58 more , unassuming individuals whose misstep that fateful July evening was gathering to enjoy a movie . The wheels of his capital prosecution have now been set in motion after the offer made by Holmes ' defense counsel to plead guilty in exchange for a sentence of life imprisonment without the chance of parole was rejected by Arapahoe County District Attorney George Brauchler . Judgments about Holmes ' criminal responsibility and punishment now will be left to a jury . Under Colorado law , as in other states that authorize capital punishment , that jury will first be "  death qualified , " that is , purged of citizens whose faith or moral precepts would not permit them to sentence Holmes to death . But there is more to capital punishment than the moral precepts and more that explains why the death penalty is a dying institution throughout the United States -- certainly in Colorado -- and worldwide . In a country topping 300 million in population and plagued annually by in excess of 13,000 murders , 78 offenders were added to the nation 's death rows last year , down 75 % from the 326 sentenced to die in 1995 . In 2012 , 43 executions were carried out , less than half of the 98 nationwide in 1998 . Three convicted murderers inhabit Colorado 's death row , a state that has carried out a single execution in the past 45 years . Many factors account for the dramatic downturn in the country 's historic affinity for capital punishment : a revulsion against the awful prospect of executing an innocent person ; the racial and social class inequities imbued in the death penalty 's administration ; the enormous financial burden placed on state and local budgets in supporting capital prosecutions ; the availability of life imprisonment without parole to keep the streets safe . These are coupled with the paucity of evidence that capital punishment deters murder and the growing recognition that the U.S. is sorely out of step with other democracies around the world that have long since renounced it as a violation of fundamental human rights . If Holmes is convicted in a trial now scheduled to begin not earlier than February 2014 , if he is sentenced to die , if no error is found by the appellate courts that will review the proceedings , and if his case is typical of other capital cases in Colorado and elsewhere , he would likely not be executed until 2029 . The murder victims ' family members -- those who supported a death sentence in the first place  and many will not have  -- who seek justice or finality through his execution will gain neither until then . Holmes ' parents , who were in court when Brauchler announced that the prosecution would seek their son 's capital punishment , will also await that long-postponed resolution , sentenced in effect to suffer through those years as well . While debating the abolition of capital punishment in England in the 1960s , Lord Chancellor Gardiner reminded the House of Lords : "  When we abolished the punishment for treason that you should be hanged , and then cut down while still alive , and then disemboweled while still alive , and then quartered , we did not abolish that punishment because we sympathized with traitors , but because we took the view that it was a punishment no longer consistent with our self-respect . " Lethal injection is some steps removed from Lord Chancellor Gardiner 's description of the British practice of drawing and quartering capital offenders . Some today will maintain that drawing and quartering would be a fate richly deserved by Holmes . Yet despite the deep emotions and other justifications that might be offered in support of Holmes ' execution , we might ask what good would be accomplished through this ritual act -- whether the lives of the individual victims and Coloradoans generally will be made better , and justice served by his lethal injection . We might ask whether , ultimately , such punishment would be consistent with our own self-respect . The answer to whether James Holmes should be executed arguably is less dependent on what we think about him than what it says about us . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of James R. Acker .	James Acker : If anyone has death penalty coming , it would seem to be James Holmes That 's only if it 's proved he 's too mentally ill to be responsible in theater killings , Acker says He says death penalty costs too much , accomplishes little and is used less and less Acker : Does killing after murder make things better ? Is it consistent with our self-respect ?
CNN  -- Beware the "  crazy ants . " Researchers at the University of Texas are warning that the invasive species from South America has the potential to change the ecological balance in the southeastern United States , largely because the ants can wipe out colonies of what 's been widely considered the insect villain of the region , the fire ant . The crazy ants , officially called "  Tawny crazy ants , " are omnivores that can take over an area by both killing what 's there and starving out what they do n't kill , said Ed LeBrun , a research associate with the Texas invasive species research program at the Brackenridge Field Laboratory in the College of Natural Sciences . "  Perhaps the biggest deal is the displacement of the fire ant , which is the 300-pound gorilla in Texas ecosystems these days , " LeBrun said in a press release . "  The whole system has changed around fire ants . Things that ca n't tolerate fire ants are gone . Many that can have flourished . New things have come in . Now we are going to go through and whack the fire ants and put something in its place that has a very different biology . There are going to be a lot of changes that come from that . " Beyond the troubles they cause for the environment , the crazy ants can be a big headache for people because their populations are so dense , LeBrun said . The crazy ants nest in walls , crawl spaces , house plants or empty containers in the yard , researchers said . "  They do n't sting like fire ants do , but aside from that they are much bigger pests , " he said . "  There are videos on YouTube of people sweeping out dustpans full of these ants from their bathroom . You have to call pest control operators every three or four months just to keep the infestation under control . It 's very expensive . " The crazy ants are going so crazy , in fact , that some people want their fire ants back , LeBrun said . "  Fire ants are in many ways very polite . They live in your yard . They form mounds and stay there , and they only interact with you if you step on their mound , " he said . U.N. : Eat insects , save the world Scientists are unsure how far the ants , which are native to Argentina and Brazil , may spread in the U.S. . Since being first seen in Houston in 2002 , they 've been found mostly in wetter environments with mild winters in parts of Texas , Florida , Louisiana and Mississippi . And while they can quickly overwhelm a small area , the reproductive members of the species do n't fly , so to move over large distances , they have to hitchhike -- in your stuff . "  If people living in or visiting invaded areas are careful and check for the crazy ants when moving or going on longer trips , they could have a huge impact on the spread , " LeBrun said . Giant tire-puncturing African land snails invade Florida	"  Tawny crazy ants ' " could change ecological balances Crazy ants likely to overwhelm fire ants and "  whack " them , researcher says Species originated in South America Crazy ants hitchhike with humans to spread
New Delhi  CNN  -- U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton urged Pakistan to do more in the fight against global terrorism Tuesday , saying that the latest plot in Yemen shows that extremists continue to devise more "  perverse and terrible ways to kill innocent people . " Speaking at a New Delhi news conference at the end of her three-nation trip to Asia , Clinton said Washington was committed to going after anyone who posed a threat to the United States or its allies . "  We look to the government of Pakistan to do more , " she told reporters . "  It needs to make sure its territory is not used as a launching pad for terrorist attacks anywhere , including inside of Pakistan . " Earlier , Clinton had said the United States believed several significant al Qaeda leaders , including Ayman al-Zawahiri , were on the run and living inside Pakistan . Al-Zawahiri inherited the terrorist network 's leadership after the death of Osama bin Laden , who spent years on the lam in Pakistan , fleeing from safe house to safe house , according to one of his widows . "  We are intent upon going after those who are trying to keep al Qaeda operational and inspirational , " Clinton said in an interview with India 's NDTV . Clinton 's remarks on Pakistan came after a meeting with Indian External Affairs Minister S.M. Krishna , who equally pressured Pakistan to act against perpetrators of terrorism in India , especially the 2008 assault on Mumbai that killed 166 people , including six Americans . Clinton said the Rewards for Justice program , aimed at obtaining information that could help convict suspected terrorists , demonstrated Washington 's seriousness in going after such people . The program , established in 1984 , has paid about $ 100 million to more than 70 people for information about terrorists . Rewards go as high as $ 25 million for information on al-Zawahiri and $ 10 million for information about Hafiz Mohammad Saeed , a Pakistani man wanted by Indian authorities in connection with the Mumbai attacks . Clinton said the foiled bomb plot in Yemen served as evidence that terrorists are getting more sophisticated . Investigators said terrorists in Yemen crafted an explosive device intended to slip past airport metal detectors and onto an airplane bound for the United States . "  The plot itself indicates that the terrorists keep trying ... to devise more and more perverse and terrible ways to kill innocent people , " Clinton said . "  It is a reminder as to why we have to remain vigilant at home and abroad in protecting our nation and in protecting friendly nations and peoples like India and others . "	Hillary Clinton : Pakistan must ensure it is not used as a launching pad for terrorism Clinton says U.S. believes al Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri is in hiding in Pakistan She says the foiled Yemen plot shows extremists continue to devise ' "  perverse " ways to kill She touts a rewards program intended to obtain information about suspected terrorists
OSWIECIM , Poland  CNN  -- Israel 's vice prime minister compared Iran to Nazi Germany on Tuesday at the site of one of World War II 's most notorious death camps . Israel 's vice prime minister Silvan Shalom said Tuesday "  Israel can never live with " a nuclear Iran . The Islamic republic 's alleged efforts to acquire nuclear weapons are "  not far away , not at all , to what Hitler did to the Jewish people just 65 years ago , " Silvan Shalom said at the former Auschwitz camp . "  Israel can never live with the idea that Iran will hold a nuclear bomb , " Shalom added , reiterating long-standing Israeli policy . He was speaking as Israel observes its Holocaust memorial day , remembering the roughly 6 million Jews who were killed by the Nazi regime during World War II simply for being Jewish . A day earlier , Iran 's president caused an uproar at a United Nations anti-racism conference by accusing Israel of having a racist government and committing genocide . Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said the West made "  an entire nation homeless under the pretext of Jewish suffering ... in order to establish a totally racist government in occupied Palestine . " Dozens of European diplomats walked out of the speech , but a majority of the conference delegates stayed , and there was some cheering . Iran denies its nuclear program is aimed at building bombs , but Israel and the United States do not believe it . CNN 's Diana Magnay contributed to this report .	Iran 's nuclear effort compared to Nazi Germany 's killing of Jews Israel 's vice prime minister speaks on Holocaust remembrance day Iran denies nuclear program has military purposes
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki has ordered his government to take down concrete blast walls that line Baghdad 's streets and surround whole neighborhoods , the Iraqi military announced Thursday . The walls split Baghdad along sectarian lines , shielding some from Shiite militias and Sunni insurgents . "  The concrete walls will be taken off from the main roads and side streets in all Baghdad areas , with no exceptions and within 40 days , " a statement from Iraqi military 's Baghdad Operations Command read . The massive concrete barriers , typically 3 meters  10 feet  tall , were quickly erected around many Baghdad buildings after the U.S. invasion in 2003 . They mushroomed during the sectarian warfare that followed the 2006 bombing of a Shiite Muslim shrine in Samarra , when they were put up to separate Shiite and Sunni districts across Baghdad . While they split the city along sectarian lines , they also managed to protect neighborhood residents from Shiite militias and Sunni insurgents and helped U.S. troops and Iraqi government forces manage security within them . The order does not cover the Green Zone , which houses Iraqi government buildings and the U.S. Embassy , or military installations , government institutions , hotels or some private companies . The order came after meeting Wednesday with high-ranking security officials , according to the command . Iraqi forces are now calling the shots on issues related to security in their homeland since June 30 , the date U.S. combat troops were mandated to leave Iraqi cities and towns pursuant to a joint security agreement .	Walls will be removed from main roads , side streets within 40 days , statement says The massive concrete barriers about 10 feet tall went up after U.S. invasion Order does not cover Green Zone , military installations , government institutions The walls helped U.S. troops , Iraqi forces manage security within them
CNN  -- Police agencies across Australia put out alerts Monday declaring as fake text messages and emails sent to thousands of Australians that said they had two days to pay $ 5,000 or die . "  Do not respond , " said Detective Superintendent Brian Hay of the Queensland Police Service . "  Delete it immediately and do n't panic , because that 's what they prey upon . " The messages started assaulting mobile phones and email accounts Sunday . Police did not provide an exact figure but said they were surprised by the scope of the scam . "  What is extraordinary in these circumstances is the extent of contact across the Australian landscape , " Hay said . "  We 've never seen this before . I 've never seen this before . " While authorities are still investigating , past hoaxes have originated in west Africa , typically Nigeria , he said . The message reads : "  Sum1 paid me to kill you . Get spared , 48hrs to pay $ 5000 . If you inform the police or anybody , death is promised . " It then directs the recipient to contact them at a Yahoo email account . Police say seniors and those not familiar with the Internet are most likely to get scammed . "  They rely upon your fear to not think logically , but to respond in the manner in which they want you to , " Hay said . "  I would suspect that people have already fallen victim to this fraud . " The so-called hit-man scam has had two previous forays in Australia over the last two and a half years , according to Hay . "  This is not a random event . This is organized crime , " Hay said , noting the complexities of pulling off a scam of this magnitude . "  They 've done their research . They 've acquired their contact lists . They 've paid for the distribution of the text messages . " Hays warned that the criminals will be back again if their efforts prove profitable enough .	The message asks for $ 5,000 or promises death "  Do not respond , " police say , delete the message Similar scams have been traced to west Africa
Another year of Emmy Award nominations , another year of "  They forgot who ?! " Though the Emmys are commonly known as the arbiter of excellence in television , with so many good shows on the air right now , they inevitably also become the leader of the snubs . What TV favorites had fans shouting at their screens after being left in the dark ? Take a look : Clone Club for the win . It seemed like a no-brainer . Last year 's omission of Tatiana Maslany , the uber-talented lead actress from BBC America 's sci-fi hit "  Orphan Black , " left fans in fits of rage . The self-proclaimed Clone Club -- named after the actress ' multiple clone characters -- did everything short of picketing the red carpet . Now , that she has been left out a second time , all bets are off . "  NO TATIANA . GET YOUR PITCHFORKS OUT NOW , " one enraged fan tweeted . "  At least I have today off work to mourn Tatiana Maslany 's Emmys snub in the privacy of my own home , " another clone-clubber tweeted . Fans were so affected by the snub that #EmmyForMaslany was a trending topic on Twitter for much of Thursday morning . For those who watch the show , this outrage should n't be too much of a surprise . The actress impressively portrays more than six characters , and sometimes , all of those characters appear in the same scene . Sure , stand-ins and special effects offer a bit of assistance , but Maslany inhabits her characters so fully , it 's easy to forget there are n't different actresses on screen . From reckless Sarah Manning to neurotic soccer mom Alison Hendrix , all the way to free-spirited scientist Cosima Niehaus , Maslany seamlessly jumps from one to the next . Who could forget that incredible dance scene in the Season 2 finale featuring four clones ? "  How does the academy snub Tatiana Maslany for lead actress in a drama ? She plays 6 characters ! " fellow actress Wendi McLendon-Covey tweeted . Fans should n't get too upset , though ; Maslany is a back-to-back Critic 's Choice Award winner for her portrayal of the duplicates . And hey , there 's always season 3  thank you , BBC America , for the much-needed renewal  ! ` The Walking Dead ' : Alive in the ratings , still dead to the Emmys . In just four seasons , AMC 's "  The Walking Dead " has gone from "  that gory graphic novel show " to the highest-rated cable program in history . But for some reason , this zombie apocalyptic drama is not a hit with the Emmys . It scored no nods in any of the major categories  though , to be fair , it did get one for editing and another for special effects  . "  Oh look , Walking Dead got snubbed at the Emmys again ... " one disappointed fan lamented . "  Yet again The Walking Dead gets snubbed at the Emmys despite having some of the best writing and acting I 've seen on tv . Lame , " another ranted . And not for nothing , but how could they leave off the magnificent Melissa McBride in the supporting actress category ? Starting as a scared and battered wife and mother , McBride has taken the character to one of the toughest women in television . Lena Dunham steals Mindy Kaling 's thunder . Lena and Mindy : Two incredible actresses and comedians who have created , written and starred in their own shows , but one has just been snubbed by the Emmys . While writer/actress/director Lena Dunham is constantly recognized for her gritty and dark HBO comedy "  Girls , " Mindy Kaling 's much brighter Fox comedy about a single doctor struggling to find love is all but forgotten . Even more awkward ? Along with Carson Daly , Kaling was announcing the nominations Thursday morning ! "  Endless props to Mindy Kaling , who had to keep reading the TelePrompTer even after her snub , " Vulture wrote on Twitter . "  Mindy Kaling robbed again by the Emmys . Can we just start our own campaign to award her queen of everything ? " tweeted one Kaling supporter . So what gives , Emmys ? "  The Mindy Project " is not only funny , Kaling is irresistibly adorable as the quirky lead . You also ca n't forget actor Chris Messina , who has helped mold the cliched love interest into the loveable Danny , now everyone 's work crush . Shamelessly snubbing ` Shameless . ' Yes , excellent lead actor William H. Macy did get a nomination , but the show received no other nods , a serious oversight . In its fourth season , the dark Showtime comedy was at its absolute best . Although the quality of many shows drops as the series progresses , "  Shameless " has only gotten better . The Gallaghers are like family at this point , albeit the most dysfunctional one around . And where do we begin with the absence of lead actress Emmy Rossum for her portrayal of the family matriarch who manages to sometimes be a bigger wreck than her much-younger siblings ? How could voters forget her when she has the same name as the awards show ? "  Ew at that Emmy Rossum snub Emmys . Ew . Ugh . I hate you so much right now , " a disgruntled fan tweeted . ` Americans ' hustle . While FX 's "  Fargo " received plenty of love at this year 's nominations , its sophomore drama , "  The Americans , " was not as lucky . This espionage thriller not only keeps fans constantly guessing at what is coming next , it manages to make us fall in love with Soviet spies who are out to get America . It is possible that Showtime 's perennial favorite "  Homeland " stole all the attention from "  The Americans , " but anyone who has seen both knows they are vastly different . And do n't get fans started on the lack of a Keri Russell nomination for lead actress . Her performance is enough to make some Americans want to turn traitor just to partner up with her . "  The Emmys are anti-Americans , " New York Daily News columnist Bill Hammond cleverly tweeted . Amy Poehler gets a nom , but her shows find no love . Yes , fans can rejoice ; Amy Poehler nabbed a nomination for lead actress for her portrayal of politician Leslie Knope on NBC 's "  Parks and Recreation . " Now , the trick will be for her to win , which has n't happened with her previous nods . Unfortunately , her two shows were missing from the comedy series category : "  Parks " is the most obvious miss , with a crackling cast that matches the chemistry of "  The Office " mixed with the political satire of HBO 's "  Veep " -- both of which have been Emmy favorites . But the lesser-known snub would be Comedy Central 's "  Broad City , " of which Poehler is executive producer . "  Broad City " follows two women in their 20s living in New York , and the rest is just too crazy to even explain . It 's only one season in , and the hilarity that ensues between actresses Ilana Glazer and Abbi Jacobson  who also created the show  is both bitingly smart and LOL-funny . "  It 's a joke Broad City did n't get nominated for an Emmy . Funniest show on TV , " a fan tweeted after the announcement . You can root for your favorites that were actually nominated  or shout at the screen in protest for those who were not  when the 2014 Emmy Awards air live on NBC at 8 p.m. ET August 25 . They 're hosted by "  Late Night 's " Seth Meyers . See who was nominated Tell us : Which shows did the Emmys overlook ?	The 2014 Emmy nominations were announced , and not everyone is celebrating "  Orphan Black " was among the shows fans thought should have been honored 66th annual awards will be given August 25 at ceremony hosted by Seth Meyers
Atlanta  CNN  -- Reese Witherspoon 's legal trouble over a spat with a Georgia state trooper has been settled with a fine , though a newly released video of the arrest -- with lines such as "  you better not arrest me ; are you kidding me ? " -- is giving it fresh attention . The Oscar-winning actress , accused of interfering with the drunken driving arrest of her husband last month in Atlanta , pleaded no contest Thursday to a charge of physical obstruction of another and has paid a $ 213 fine , according to Municipal Court of Atlanta Administrator Christopher Patterson . Her husband , James Toth , pleaded guilty Thursday to a charge of driving under the influence and has been placed on 12 months of probation , Patterson said . Their pleas were entered in the Atlanta court by the couple 's attorneys . Terms of Toth 's probation were n't immediately available . Patterson said the pleas resolve both cases . The pleas came on the day that TMZ.com posted part of a video from a police dashboard camera showing Witherspoon arguing with the trooper who was arresting the couple . CNN later obtained the video from the Georgia Department of Public Safety . Witherspoon -- who was in Atlanta working on a movie called "  The Good Lie " -- and Toth were arrested on April 19 when a Georgia state trooper stopped Toth after seeing him weave in and out of a lane as he drove , police said . The video shows the trooper , while testing Toth for DUI for more than 10 minutes , asking Witherspoon several times to stay in the car . Early in the process , she said : "  I 'm pregnant and I need to use the  restroom  . " "  I need you to get back in the car , and there ai n't no way to use it out here , " the trooper responds . "  If I tell you again , I 'm going to arrest you . " Later , the video shows that the trooper , while giving Toth a breath test , breaks away to address Witherspoon again : "  Ma'am , sit on your butt and be quiet . " It 's unclear on the video what was said next , though the trooper wrote in a police report that Witherspoon at one point began to "  hang out the window and say that she did not believe that I was a real police officer . " Then , as the trooper begins to arrest Toth , the video shows , Witherspoon approaches them . "  Ma'am , what did I just tell you to do ? " the trooper asks in the video . "  I am a U.S. citizen . I am allowed to stand on American ground and ask any question I want to ask , " Witherspoon says . The trooper then handcuffs her as Toth tries to calm her . "  You better not arrest me . Are you kidding me ? " Witherspoon says . "  I 'm an American citizen . This is beyond . ... You 're harassing me as an American citizen . I have done nothing against the law . ... I have to obey your orders ? No sir , I do not . " Witherspoon continues , "  Do you know my name , sir ? ... You 're about to find out who I am . " A breath test on Toth registered 0.139 , above the legal limit of 0.08 for a driving under the influence charge , the report said . After canceling TV appearances following her arrest , the 37-year-old actress told ABC 's "  Good Morning America " on Thursday that she was sorry and that she was "  so disrespectful " to the officer . "  We went out to dinner in Atlanta , and we had one too many glasses of wine , and we thought we were fine to drive and we absolutely were not , " she said . "  It 's completely unacceptable , and we are so sorry and embarrassed . We know better , and we should n't have done that . " Witherspoon said that despite what she told the trooper , she 's not pregnant . "  I said crazy things . ... I had no idea what I was talking about , " she told "  Good Morning America 's " George Stephanopolous . "  When a police officer tells you to stay in the car , you stay in the car . I learned that for sure , " she told Stephanopolous , laughing . "  I think I 've played a lawyer in a movie so many times I think I am a lawyer , and clearly I 'm not a lawyer , because I got arrested . So yeah , I learned a lot . " Witherspoon won the best actress Oscar for the 2005 movie "  Walk the Line . " CNN 's Alan Duke and Breeanna Hare contributed to this report .	Oscar-winning actress pleads no contest to charge of physical obstruction Police release video of arrest ; "  You better not arrest me , " actress says in video Witherspoon was arrested April 19 , accused of interfering with husband 's DUI arrest in Atlanta Husband pleads guilty to DUI , gets probation , court official says
CNN  -- The urge to undress a mummy can be strong . In the 19th century , Egyptologists did n't think twice about tearing off a mummy 's wrappings . Even Ramses the Great could n't avoid the indignity of being stripped bare in front of an audience of curious onlookers . Today 's experts in the field know better . "  Certainly , it 's a damaging process , and you lose a lot of information and disturb the mummy itself . It 's also something that is no longer necessary with advancements in technology , " says Dr. Daniel Antoine , the curator of physical anthropology at the British Museum in London . The institute 's vast collection of sarcophagi has remained largely undisturbed for over 200 years . This year , however , researchers have again decided to peek underneath the linens  and skin and muscle  , though this time using the Royal Brompton Hospital 's dual-energy CT scanner -- one of the most advanced in London . The data they gather from the scans is then plugged into the same 3D-modeling software used by car companies to analyze engines . The technology has given them the clearest picture to date of what life was like along the Nile 2,500 years ago . "  You can tell the software what part are bandages and bone and skin , and you can peel away those layers . You can virtually remove the bandages to look at the body and any amulets covering the body , then remove the skin to look at the bones and any preserved organs , " says Antoine . "  What that means in normal language is we 're able to see a lot more , a lot more clearly . " Tamut , the temple singer Of the corpses they 've scanned , eight will be on exhibit at the British Museum from May 22 . The star of the show is undoubtedly Tamut , a priestess and temple singer who died in Luxor , Egypt around 900 BC . The CT scans have allowed researchers to make a lot of new discoveries about Tamut . By analyzing her pelvic bone , they were able to find her approximate age  between 30 and 50  . Gazing into her arteries , they found a possible cause of death -- plaque build-up that could have resulted in a heart attack or stroke . Antoine 's team could also see the amulets placed around her body in vivid detail  several of which have been 3-D printed using the CT scan data  . "  We 're even able to discern the inscriptions on some of the amulets , " notes Antoine , including one of the Eye of Horus on a plate covering the incision used to remove her internal organs . "  The Eye of Horus was believed to have healing properties , so it could have been used to heal her wounds in the afterlife , " explains Antoine . The man with bad teeth The scans also revealed surprises about another of the of the British Museum 's mummies . Despite being in a woman 's sarcophagus , CT scans told researchers the body was male , that he died around 600 BC , and that he probably lived in terrible pain because of a plethora of dental abscesses . "  We 've found that a lot of the mummies had terrible dental health issues , specifically tooth decay and numerous abscesses caused by infections that spread to the blood stream , " says Antoine . The unknown man is a particularly unique specimen , in that he is also evidence of a botched embalming job . Scans show both chunks of brain still present inside his skull , as well as part of the spatula used to remove it . "  There are few examples of such probes , and it 's great to see the shape of the one they would have used , " says Antoine . "  It highlights some of the issues embalmers were confronted with . The hole on the inside of the skull through which the brain is extracted is rarely bigger than 2.5 centimeters , demonstrating a strong knowledge of human anatomy . "	New CT scans help researchers "  undress " a mummy virtually The British Museum uses the same software employed by car companies to make 3-D models Researchers can now approximate a mummy 's age , cause of death and general health
CNN  -- The Obama administration 's rush to sweep the recent Russian spy scandal off the table as quickly as possible with this swap is a bad move on several counts . It is understandable and correct that President Barack Obama values the overall U.S.-Russian relationship above the question of whether a few Russian spies spend years in jail . The "  reset " campaign was an excellent idea ; too bad no one in our Department of State knew how to correctly spell the word in Russian when Secretary Hillary Clinton presented the "  button " to the Russian Foreign Minister . However , there is a line between seeking a mutually beneficial relationship and delusional pandering . The history of U.S.-Russian relations shows that dealing respectfully but firmly is what works best . Most importantly , Moscow only agrees to anything that it perceives to be at least 50 percent in its self-interest , not because we 've been nice guys . The only thing releasing all of these deep-cover Russian intelligence officers within a matter of days is going to teach Prime Minister Vladimir Putin , an old KGB officer , is that Obama is a pushover -- overly focused on making sure not to offend Russia . Aside from sending the wrong political message , the quick swap also tells the leadership of the Russian government and the SVR , its intelligence service , that there is really no downside to being caught carrying out espionage in America . Any intelligence service in the world , including Russia 's , when deciding whether to carry out a particular espionage operation looks at the "  risk factor . " What will be the blow back if this becomes known ? Running "  illegals " -- that is , Russians posing as citizens from a third country and who have no overt connection to the Russian embassy or consulates in America -- would usually be considered a high-risk operation by Moscow because those Russian citizens do n't have diplomatic immunity if caught . It 's bad press and it 's bad for morale within the SVR if one , much less 11 , of your deep cover officers get caught and are facing decades in prison . But Obama has now just told the SVR , "  Hey , there is no penalty for spying in America . If we catch you , we 'll just let you go so as not to damage ` big picture ' relations . " We did show Russia certain appropriate courtesies in these arrests , which would have indicated we did n't want to harm our political relationship with Russia . We waited until Russian President Dmitry Medvedev had made his visit to America . We waited until after the G20 meetings in Canada . We have n't even publicly named or expelled the Russian diplomats who were apparently observed being involved in the communications with these illegals .  Hopefully , the Department of State has at least told the Russian ambassador that certain of his diplomats should quietly leave America .  And speaking of morale , what message does this send to the hundreds of FBI special agents who spent thousands of hours working these cases ? According to various press accounts , the number of Russian intelligence officers in America and Western Europe has already returned to Cold War levels . Obama has now told the Russians , there is n't even a problem if we catch you . Try anything you want . Normally , when any intelligence service has a major flap as this was , it would order an immediate stand down of other operations in that country for perhaps several months while it tried to figure out what had gone wrong . By immediately sending these SVR officers back to Moscow , they will be available to assist in that investigation . Not knowing what all they were involved in -- it was certainly more than "  penetrating the local PTA " -- I do n't necessarily advocate having kept these people in prison for decades , but a year or two in prison before offering a swap would have sent a strong message to Putin and the SVR . And if the press accounts are accurate , getting four people out of Russian jails in return for these 10 does n't seem like much of a bargain either .  An 11th suspect detained in Cyprus remains on the loose after being released on bail . Obama is no doubt an intelligent fellow , but he certainly did n't get very good advice from his intelligence community or Russian experts about how to handle this spy caper . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gene Coyle .	Ex-CIA Russian expert says the quick spy swap will be seen as sign of U.S. weakness He says it sends the message that there 's no risk for Russia to spy on the U.S. Coyle : U.S. is right to try to maintain good relations with Moscow Alleged spies should have spent more time behind bars , he says
CNN  -- Under fire from tens of thousands of users , the social networking site Facebook said early Wednesday it is reverting to its old policy on user information -- for now . Backlash against Facebook began after a consumer advocate site flagged Facebook 's policy change . The site posted a brief message on users ' home pages that said it was returning to its previous "  Terms of Use " policy "  while we resolve the issues that people have raised . " The "  Terms of Use " is the legalese tacked on to the bottom of most Web sites that details what the site 's owners can do with the information that users provide . Facebook , the Web 's most popular social networking site , has been caught in a content-rights battle after revealing earlier this month that it was granting itself permanent rights to users ' photos , wall posts and other information even after a user closed an account . The popular site allows users to create personal profiles where they can then connect with one another , upload photos and share links . The site boasts more than 150 million active users . Member backlash against Facebook began over the weekend after a consumer advocate Web site , The Consumerist , flagged a change made to Facebook 's policy earlier in the month . The company deleted a sentence from the old Terms of Use . That sentence said Facebook could not claim any rights to original content that a user uploaded once the user closed his or her account . It replaced it with : "  You may remove your User Content from the Site at any time . ...  H  owever , you acknowledge that the Company may retain archived copies of your User Content . " In response , Chris Walters wrote in the Consumerist post , "  Make sure you never upload anything you do n't feel comfortable giving away forever , because it 's Facebook 's now . " Thousands of indignant members either canceled their accounts or created online petitions . Among them were more than 64,000 who joined a group called "  The People Against the new Terms of Service . " iReport.com : Too much information posted online ? On Monday , Facebook Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg tried to quell the controversy by saying the company 's philosophy is that "  people own their information and control who they share it with . " But members were not appeased because the site did not fix its Terms of Use . The company , in its post Wednesday , said it was returning to its previous Terms of Use because of the "  feedback " it had received . "  As Mark expressed in his blog post on Monday , it was never our intention to confuse people or make them uneasy about sharing on Facebook , " company spokesman Barry Schnitt said in a blog post . "  I also want to be very clear that Facebook does not , nor have we ever , claimed ownership over people 's content . Your content belongs to you . " iReport.com : Your thoughts on Facebook 's about-face Schnitt said the company is in the process of rewording its Terms of Use in "  simple language that defines Facebook 's rights much more specifically . " "  Well that worked pretty fast , " wrote member Al Reford of Vancouver , British Columbia . "  Numbers count when giving feedback : " And Shahrzad Grami of St. Paul , Minnesota , added : " YAYYYYYYYYYYY !!!!! nice job guys ! i wo n't be canceling my account after all . "	Facebook this month changed its policy to say user content belonged to Facebook Outraged members canceled their accounts or created online petitions On Wednesday , Facebook reviewed user "  feedback , " and reverted to its old policy
CNN  -- Assertive and bold , strong and courageous . These are the words we use when we think of our leaders -- the characteristics we look for when we elect politicians , vet CEOs or select captains of sports teams . Yet throughout history , these terms have been primarily applied when men have occupied leadership roles . We expect men to lead and assert themselves , and we encourage and reward these behaviors when young boys exhibit them . So why is it when a young girl exhibits these exact same characteristics , we often resort to a different word to describe her behavior ? A word that says to young girls : These are not the behaviors we expect from you . Why do we call her "  bossy " ? It seems like a little thing -- it 's just a word after all . Plus , should n't we be teaching our children that words matter less than actions or deeds ? But words have power and meaning , especially during the critical early grade-school years , when boys and girls alike are developing their sense of self and finding their place in the world . According to the Girl Scouts Research Institute Ban Bossy National Youth Poll 2014 , more than a third of girls who are called "  bossy " lose interest in leading and stop making decisions or suggestions . Children begin to establish gender role stereotypes as early as 2 years old and generate an emerging career identity by middle school . As early as the third grade , girls report anxiety about taking leadership roles , become overly concerned about pleasing others and aspire to be perfect . By the time they reach middle school , the damage is done . A 2003 study by Simmons College notes that by the early teen years , more boys than girls report that they aspire to leadership roles in future careers , and millennial women are less likely to say they "  aspire to a leadership role in whatever field I ultimately work . " Whether intentional or not , the message is clear : Society is both actively and passively discouraging girls from exhibiting leadership qualities , and that is translating to a generation of girls afraid to take the reins of leadership for fear of being disliked . And that is a loss for all of us . We can no longer afford to have half the population sidelined , their skills and their insight ignored , because of the messages they received as girls . That is why at Girl Scouts , we have teamed up with Facebook 's Sheryl Sandberg and former U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice to launch our "  Ban Bossy " campaign : a call for society to stop calling girls who exhibit leadership "  bossy " and instead encourage and reward those behaviors the same way we would for boys . Opinion : Sheryl Sandberg wrong on bossy ban As the premier leadership organization for girls in the country , the Girl Scouts have been doing this for 102 years . We 've found that women 's leadership journeys begin as girls , and their future depends on receiving the same kind of encouragement and support boys receive when they demonstrate leadership capacities in life . I know how limiting words can be . As a young Latina growing up in small-town Arizona , I watched as my mother tried to break the conventions of her time and place , running for the local school board when it was unheard of for a female , let alone a Hispanic female , to do so . I watched and listened as people , including family and friends , tried to discourage her from running . But I was fortunate , because I also saw my father support my mom and her ambitions . When he was told he had to make sure his wife knew her place , he responded that her place was to lead . Words can hurt or heal ; they can shape our perceptions and either encourage our ambitions or limit our understanding of what we can become . When we refer to a girl who demonstrates leadership qualities as "  bossy , " she receives a message she is doing something wrong , that somehow , the same behaviors we praise and reward in boys are inappropriate for her , and we are limiting the scope of her potential as a result . So the next time you have the urge to call a little girl "  bossy , " stop , take a breath and say , "  She 's a leader . " It 's time to redirect the power of words to girls themselves , so that "  girl " and "  leader " mean one and the same . It 's time to "  Ban Bossy . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Anna Maria Chávez .	Anna Maria Chávez : Leadership traits include being assertive , bold , strong and courageous Author : Why is it young girls are called "  bossy " when they exhibit these qualities ? By communicating to girls that "  bossy " is bad , it limits future leaders , Chávez says
CNN  -- Florida authorities have delivered all evidence related to the George Zimmerman investigation to federal officials , who are weighing whether to pursue a civil rights case . The Sanford Police Department said it turned over all evidence , including a gun , to the Department of Justice on Monday . Justice officials are investigating whether Zimmerman violated Trayvon Martin 's civil rights when he shot the African-American teenager . Zimmerman , a former neighborhood watch volunteer , was acquitted of second-degree murder and manslaughter charges on July 13 after claiming he fired in self-defense . The shooting occurred in February last year . Zimmerman helps family out of overturned SUV Attorney General Eric Holder has said the Justice Department will "  act in a manner that is consistent with the facts and the law . " Holder described Martin 's shooting as " tragic , unnecessary , " and said a thorough investigation will be conducted . "  Independent of the legal determination that will be made , I believe that this tragedy provides yet another opportunity for our nation to speak honestly about the complicated and emotionally charged issues that this case has raised , " Holder said last week . "  We must not -- as we have too often in the past -- let this opportunity pass . " Justice officials opened an investigation into the Zimmerman case last year and will include testimony from the Florida trial . Various civil rights groups have protested nationwide to demand the Justice Department bring federal charges against Zimmerman . A petition by the NAACP has reached 1.5 million signatures , the civil rights organization said on its website . America talks about the verdict	The Justice Department is considering whether to pursue a civil rights case George Zimmerman was acquitted in last year 's shooting death of Trayvon Martin Civil rights groups have demanded federal charges against Zimmerman .
Washington  CNN  President Barack Obama 's administration admitted it erred by failing to send a higher-ranking representative of the United States to the Paris unity march on Sunday . "  I think it 's fair to say that we should have sent someone with a higher profile to be there , " White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said Monday afternoon . He said Obama himself would have liked to attend the march "  had the circumstances been a little different . " But planning began Friday night , 36 hours before the event began , and there was n't enough time for the "  onerous and significant " security work that needed to take place ahead of a presidential visit , Earnest said . He said Obama 's presence also would have meant extra restrictions on the people who were there . "  That said , there is no doubt that the American people and this administration stand foursquare behind our allies in France as they face down this threat , " he said . "  And that was evident throughout last week . " More than 40 world leaders , including the British , German and Israeli heads of state and Russia 's foreign minister , joined at least 1.5 million people on the Paris streets Sunday for a unity march that became France 's biggest-ever public demonstration . But Obama and his administration 's top hands were nowhere to be found -- an absence that triggered complaints that he missed a key leadership opportunity . The United States appeared to have options to send to the march : Obama spent Sunday at the White House with no public events on his schedule . Vice President Joe Biden was at home in Delaware for the weekend , also with a blank public schedule . Outgoing Attorney General Eric Holder was already in Paris for security meetings -- and even recorded interviews with several U.S. Sunday morning programs -- but he did n't attend the march . A Secret Service official said the agency was not asked to draw up security plans for a potential presidential trip to Paris in advance of Sunday 's march . "  We were n't asked or notified about a trip , " the official said . But the agency had Secret Service agents on the ground in Paris , per its standard operating procedure . "  It would have been a challenging advance ... based on what we know , " Secret Service spokesman Brian Leary said . But Leary did not say that such an advance would have been impossible . During the White House briefing , Earnest suggested security challenges were a factor in not having the president travel to Paris . But Earnest acknowledged the Secret Service could have pulled it off . An agency official noted previous "  last minute " presidential trips have happened during the Obama presidency , including a hurried visit to South Africa in December 2013 for the memorial service for Nelson Mandela . The White House noted that it was represented in Paris on Sunday -- and has offered support to France in recent days . U.S. Ambassador to France Jane Hartley was in the march , as was assistant Secretary of State Victoria Nuland . At a security summit , Holder was joined in those security meetings by deputy Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas . Obama personally visited the French Embassy in Washington last week to offer his support . Secretary of State John Kerry , meanwhile , will visit Paris on Friday . Kerry skipped Monday 's march because he was in India on Monday for a long-planned event there with new Prime Minister Narendra Modi -- a key relationship as the United States tries to improve long-strained trade ties with the country . Kerry brushed the criticism off as "  quibbling , " saying he 'll visit Paris on his way back to the United States to make "  crystal clear how passionately we feel " about the attacks and response . "  The U.S. has been deeply engaged with the people of France since this incident occurred , " Kerry told reporters , adding that the United States has offered intelligence and law enforcement help . "  This is sort of quibbling a little bit in the sense that our assistant Secretary of State Victoria Nuland was there and marched , our ambassador was there and marched , many people from the embassy were there and marched . " France 's ambassador to the United States , Gerard Araud , sought to show there are no hard feelings , tweeting on Monday : "  I am extremely grateful for the overwhelming support France has received from everybody here , from the President to the ordinary American . " The White House 's push-back comes as Obama takes heat -- particularly from Republicans considering 2016 presidential bids -- for his absence . Rick Perry tweeted that Obama "  should have stood with France in person to defend Western values and show support for victims . " Sen. Ted Cruz  R-Texas  wrote for Time : "  Our President should have been there , because we must never hesitate to stand with our allies . " And Sen. Marco Rubio  R-Fla .  said Monday that "  it was a mistake not to send someone . " Rubio said on CBS ' "  This Morning " that he understands that the President 's security detail can be problem in mass gatherings like the rally , but suggested Holder or Kerry should have gone in his place . "  I think in hindsight , I would hope , that they would do it differently , " Rubio said . British Prime Minister David Cameron , German Chancellor Angela Merkel , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas and Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov were among those who attended , along with religious leaders . Fareed Zakaria , host of CNN 's "  Global Public Square , " called the absence of top U.S. officials a mistake . France is the United States ' "  deepest ideological ally , " he said , and it would have been a meaningful image to have a senior administration member , or the President , standing shoulder to shoulder with other leaders . Zakaria noted that security concerns did n't dissuade Netanyahu or Abbas or other leaders from showing up . But Obama 's absence did show that the struggle against radical Islam is "  not all about America , " Zakaria said . "  Many people have tended to think that Islamic terrorism would n't exist without America , " Zakaria said . "  This is really a struggle between the civilized world and a band of extremists . Even if you take the U.S. out of it ... the civilized world is up in arms . " And Jake Tapper , host of CNN 's "  The Lead , " said American leaders were conspicuously absent from historic Paris rally , perhaps the most important public demonstrations in Europe in the last generation . Tapper not only called out the President and his administration , but also prospective 2016 hopefuls from both parties , for missing the opportunity to share in the global moment . Obama spoke about the Paris attacks on Friday , saying he wants the people of France to know the United States "  stands with you today , stands with you tomorrow . " The White House also announced Sunday that it will host a February 18 summit aimed at countering violent extremism . Earnest said that event will "  highlight domestic and international efforts to prevent violent extremists and their supporters from radicalizing , recruiting or inspiring individuals or groups in the United States and abroad to commit acts of violence , efforts made even more imperative in light of recent , tragic attacks in Ottawa , Sydney and Paris . " He said the summit will include presentations , panel discussions and small group meetings , focused on the local , state and federal government levels . CNN 's Jim Acosta , Ashley Killough , Holly Yan , Jim Sciutto , Erin McPike and Ashley Fantz contributed to this report	The White House said it should have sent a higher-profile representative to a Paris unity march At least 1.5 million people attended the anti-terrorism rally in France , including several world leaders Secretary of State John Kerry had a prior commitment in India with the new prime minister there
Jos , Nigeria  CNN  -- A government official condemned Monday the series of Christmas Day attacks on churches in Nigeria that killed 35 people , blaming an extremist group that has claimed responsibility for similar attacks in the last two years . "  The latest mindless and cowardly attacks by Boko Haram members specifically directed at churches were premeditated , " said retired Gen. Andrew Azazi , the national security adviser to President Goodluck Jonathan , in a statement . "  Only last week , five improvised explosive devices were recovered in five churches at Mubi in Adamawa State . " The Boko Haram sect claimed responsibility for the attacks , government officials said . In the past , the group has targeted Christians and Muslims it considered insufficiently Islamic . In the bloodiest of Sunday 's attacks on churches in five cities , 32 people were killed as services ended at St. Theresa 's Catholic Church in Madalla in Niger State , Azazi said . Two people have been arrested , he added . Olusegun Okebiorun , controller-general of Nigeria 's fire service , said that , in addition to the fatalities , 65 people were wounded in Madalla , which is located west of the capital city of Abuja . Attacks in the central Nigerian city of Jos in Plateau State northeast of the capital followed the same pattern , Azazi said . Two blasts targeted the Mountain of Fire Ministries church in Jos , said journalist Hassan John , who witnessed the carnage . No one was killed in the bombings , but a police officer who got into a gun battle with attackers died of his wounds , John said , citing officials . Police arrested four people and recovered four unexploded devices , Nigerian state television reported . The cities of Kano , Damaturu and Gadaka were also struck Sunday , John said . Officials said three people were killed in the blast in Damaturu , a northern town in Yobe state , John said . Also in Damaturu , a police station and a state security building were bombed , said an aid worker who , citing security concerns , asked not to be identified . In Yobe , security forces stopped a vehicle that was carrying a bomb , which detonated , killing "  the criminals " and three security operatives , Azazi said . "  We renew our appeal to all Nigerians that this is not a fight between security forces and some dissident elements , " he said . "  It is a conflict between some misguided extremists in our midst and the rest of our society , because the victims are not confined to any ethnic boundary . We must cooperate to fish them out . And because our cause is just and our collective resolve is stronger , together we shall prevail . " The blasts mark the second consecutive holiday season that bombs have hit Christian houses of worship in the west African nation . In 2010 , five churches in Jos were attacked on Christmas Eve . The blasts killed dozens in Jos , which lies on a faith-based fault line between the Muslim-dominated north and the mainly Christian south . CNN.com : Al Qaeda-linked group claims responsibility for bombing In a statement issued late Sunday , Jonathan called the bombings "  a dastardly act that must attract the rebuke of all peace-loving Nigerians . " In Washington , the White House said U.S. officials would help Nigeria pursue those behind "  what initially appear to be terrorist acts . " "  We condemn this senseless violence and tragic loss of life on Christmas Day , " White House spokesman Jay Carney said in a statement . "  We offer our sincere condolences to the Nigerian people and especially those who lost family and loved ones . " U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon condemned the acts "  in the strongest terms , " his office said in a statement . He expressed his condolences to the Nigerian people and reiterated a call "  for an end to all acts of sectarian violence in the country . " Nigeria is Africa 's most populous nation and has the world 's sixth-largest Christian population -- about 80.5 million people as of 2010 , according to a report published this month by the Pew Forum on Religion & Public Life in Washington . That makes the country just over 50 % Christian , according to Pew . Boko Haram translates from the local Hausa as "  Western education is outlawed . " The group has morphed into an insurgency responsible for dozens of attacks in Nigeria in the last two years . Boko Haram 's targets include police outposts and churches as well as places associated with "  Western influence . " CNN 's Josh Levs , Richard Allen Greene , Esprit Smith , Karen Smith , Amir Ahmed and Hamdi Alkhshali contributed to this report .	Azazi blames "  misguided extremists " 32 were killed in Madalla , a government official says Government officials blame Boko Haram , which claims responsibility President Jonathan slams the "  dastardly act "
Lawyers for Boston Marathon bombing suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev accused the government of imposing unduly harsh restrictions on their client in a motion filed Wednesday . Tsarnaev is "  in near total isolation , " is banned from praying with other inmates and is allowed out of his cell only to meet with lawyers or spend short periods in an outdoor enclosure , court documents said . Massachusetts U.S. Attorney Carmen Ortiz asked the attorney general for these special administrative measures after Tsarnaev had been in prison for four months . Ortiz said the restrictions are necessary as part of what prosecutors call Tsarnaev 's "  continued desire to incite others to engage in violent jihad , " according to the August memorandum included in the court filing . Tamerlan 's in-laws answer questions from grand jury As evidence , prosecutors cite the 1,000 "  unsolicited " letters the 19-year-old Chechnya-born American has received during his five-month incarceration . His lawyers say he has not responded to any of them . Tsarnaev has been at the Fort Devens prison facility an hour outside Boston after a brief hospitalization for wounds incurred during his capture on April 19 . Dzhokhar Tsarnaev and his brother , Tamerlan , spent days on a highly publicized run after the marathon bombing on April 15 . His lawyers , Miriam Conrad and Judy Clarke , argue in court papers that the measures create "  obstacles " that have a "  dramatic chilling effect on the defense team 's ability to prepare a thorough and vigorous defense . " Three friends of Boston bombing suspect plead not guilty In their motion , Conrad and Clarke argue the measures "  violate the First , Fifth and Sixth Amendments to the United States Constitution . The court therefore should declare that the SAMs are unlawful and order that they be vacated . " The restrictions are designed to limit the people with whom Tsarnaev is allowed to speak and what those people can then say to others . It also limits the kind of materials to which he has access . As an example , his lawyers said they were prevented from showing Tsarnaev family photos after prosecutors argued they were not specifically related to his defense . Prosecutors later relented . Tsarnaev 's lawyers accuse the government of trying to limit attorney-client interaction : "  There is no basis whatsoever to suspect that appointed attorneys and those assisting them would intentionally pass dangerous communications to others . " Documents detail suspect 's injuries His lawyers also said Tsarnaev has done nothing during his incarceration to warrant such restrictions or to suggest he is dangerous , nor is there evidence the attack was "  directed by others still at large or that Mr. Tsarnaev ever had operational authority to direct the activities of others " to whom he may want to communicate . Special administrative measures are typically used in terrorism cases and other high-profile cases when authorities contend "  there is a substantial risk that a prisoner 's communications or contacts with persons could result in death or serious bodily injury to persons , " according to court documents . Tsarnaev is charged with 30 federal counts stemming from the attack , during which three people were killed and more than 250 were injured after a pair of home-made bombs exploded moments apart near the finish line of the Boston Marathon . A Massachusetts Institute of Technology police officer was killed three days later , triggering the massive manhunt that led to Tsarnaev 's capture . His brother was shot and killed by police during the manhunt . Tsarnaev has pleaded not guilty to all charges . 5 months after bombings : Sense of winning for survivor	Lawyers say Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is "  in near total isolation " They also say he 's is banned from praying with other inmates and is rarely allowed outside cell U.S. attorney : Restrictions necessary because of his "  continued desire to incite " His lawyers accuse the government of trying to limit attorney-client interaction
On February 1 , deadly riots at a football match in Port Said plunged Egypt into mourning and despair . The national league was canceled and the future of one of African soccer 's traditional powerhouses seemed bleak . However , a tiny bit of that gloom lifted just weeks later when Ahmed Hassan made history by making his 179th international appearance -- a new world record that gave a glimmer of hope in a time of turmoil . But , as he prepares to continue the Pharaohs ' rebuilding phase , Hassan says that Egypt -- a country where sport and politics are inextricably linked -- faces a long road to recovery before it can resolve its problems and move out of a "  dark tunnel . " "  The whole country is suffering from a lack of ethics , as well as a general lack of security , and this is causing problems in all facets of life , " the 36-year-old told the official website of world football 's governing body FIFA . "  There is no doubt that football will bounce back but the whole country has to make it out of this dark tunnel . Stability will only return when all members of the community , whether they be players , fans , referees , journalists or security staff , recognize their role , stick to it and respect the role of others . " American is coach , protester in Egypt Hassan 's landmark appearance came on February 27 in a friendly against Kenya in Qatar . The Egypt team has not been able to play at home since the riots , which killed 74 people after a game between top-tier clubs Al-Masry and Al-Ahly . More lives were lost as fighting spread across the country . Hassan , who has returned to the national squad for Thursday 's friendly against Nigeria in Dubai , was deeply moved by the tragedy . An outspoken figure against football hooliganism , Hassan took to the streets the following day in protest against the clashes . "  It 's depressing to see the sport that everybody loves become a source of such sadness but , ultimately , what happened was a result of fanaticism , " he said . "  I have to say that the media also played a large role by stirring up the fans ' aggression instead of attempting to calm things down . " Hassan captained Egypt to Africa Cup of Nations titles in 2006 , 2008 and 2010 -- his fourth overall . But the Pharaohs ' form has plummeted in recent years , failing to qualify for the 2012 edition of the tournament . Hassan said the Arab uprising last year , which saw Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak overthrown in a wave of protest , was a factor in the team 's fall in fortunes . "  We 're all part of this country and anything that goes on affects us , so naturally our concentration levels drop and we can not remain focused when such turmoil is happening at home . On top of that there 's the fact that we could n't play for a very long time with the league being suspended for almost four months , " he said . Hassan said Egypt had taken for granted its ability to qualify . "  After being on top for all those years , we simply underestimated our opponents , but we have learned our lesson well and we have learned it the hard way . " Hassan carved a successful football career in Europe for 10 years , before returning in 2008 to play for Al-Ahly and , now , that club 's fiercest rival Zamalek . Both teams , like Al-Masry , are supported by militant fan groups known as "  ultras . " "  It is a great thing if they stick to supporting their teams within the reasonable and ethical limits , but once it crosses the line and turns aggressive or becomes a vehicle for something completely beyond football then it becomes unacceptable and can lead to disasters , " Hassan said . "  All over the world , ultras support their clubs using organized cheering which can be very entertaining , and this is what we as players like to see in the stands , but if they cause violence in the stadiums then no , we can not tolerate that . "	Most-capped player in history , Ahmed Hassan , says Egypt is suffering from a lack of ethics Former Egypt captain blames "  over-confidence " for team 's failure to qualify for 2012 ACN He was deeply moved by the fatal football riots in Port Said on February 1 Hassan says the activities of "  ultras " can cause problems in the stadiums
CNN  -- Selling smartphone accessories is all about being in the right place at the right time . When outfitting a shiny new mobile device , the vast majority of people pick up a new case and other add-ons the same day they buy the phone , or within the first three months . For Apple accessory makers , this pairing presents a problem : Apple does n't publicly share device measurements ahead of time , so manufacturers have to either wait until a product announcement to start making their products , potentially missing out on sales , or take the more common route of using unofficial leaks and information from factories . The new iPhone 5 goes on sale this Friday , just nine days after being announced by Apple . The device is taller and thinner , and sports a brand new port that wo n't fit older charging cords or devices such as speakers . iPhone 5 pre-order shipping dates pushed back , likely due to demand For consumers upgrading to the new iPhone , this means spending money to replace the obsolete cases , cords and speakers . For accessories makers , it means an opportunity for more sales . Smartphone accessories are a lucrative business , and iPhone owners are predictably big on pampering their devices . The iPhone accounts for $ 6 billion of the $ 20.8 billion global smartphone-accessories market that 's forecast for 2012 . The average smartphone owner spends $ 56 on add-ons per device . "  There are over a billion handsets shipped every single year , and every single one of them drives accessory purchase , " said Michael Morgan , senior analyst for mobile devices at ABI Research . The major players all know the key to getting their products into customers ' hands is already being on the shelves when they buy a new phone . For example , 75 % of iPhones sold will have a case purchased for them at some point . Of all smartphone cases sold across brands , 38 % are purchased at the same time as the phone , and 36 % are purchased in the first three months , according to ABI . A select number of companies are lucky enough to be on the inside , privy to details directly from Apple before a major product announcement . They are briefed on specifications -- likely after signing hundreds of pages of non-disclosure agreements -- so they can start production on new compatible accessories in advance . Apple even has a special program called "  MFi " for designers and manufacturers making accessories that use licensed components . They sometimes get access to specs in advance and can label their products as Apple approved . For this release , Apple teamed up with speaker company Bose , among other third-party manufacturers . Other accessories makers have to either wait or turn to back-channels . Leaks have suggested that factories in Asia that specialize in making iPhone and iPad accessories have dependable specs and mock-ups of the final Apple products months in advance . Hands on with the new iPhone 5 These factories will create CAD files  a digital technical drawing  or detailed plastic molds of unannounced products , complete with cut outs and details where the buttons and ports are located . Designers can use these tools to create new products . Companies use this information to varying degrees in order to be prepared for a product launch . While the reliability of the leaks has increased since the first iPhone came out in 2007 , they are not guaranteed , and some companies remain nervous about taking a chance on unofficial information . "  That 's not the way that we operate , " said Dave Gatto , CEO of Incase , a San Francisco-based maker of Apple-related accessories . "  We 'll get product when it hits the store , we 'll be in line with everyone else . " Incase did n't start production on new cases until immediately after Apple 's announcement , Gatto said . However , the company did use information , such as the leaked phone specs in the tech press , to prepare as much as possible in advance so that cases would be in stores quickly . The company designed new cases for the taller shape , and even produced and photographed physical prototypes the month before Apple 's event . For the iPhone 5 , an advance team was sent to the factories in China , standing by to start production , and the entire company hopped on a Skype call to follow Apple 's announcement live September 12 . By that afternoon , a press release was sent out announcing the company 's new iPhone 5 cases . It hopes to have products ready in three to four weeks . "  Soft goods " like cases are easier to turn around , and the companies have had a lot of practice over the years . But for hardware makers , the new port was a challenge . iHome makes popular iPhone and iPad accessories such as clock radios and speakers . The company would n't say if it had any official information ahead of the iPhone announcement  on its site it says its products are MFi-compliant  , but did acknowledge that it has been busy . "  When we anticipate a major product change , even months before an announcement is made , we brainstorm various options and even begin to expedite basic engineering modifications , " Ezra Ashkenazi , CEO of iHome , said in an e-mail . The company usually takes 7 to 9 months to ship new products , but says this advance work shaves two to three months off that cycle . iHome plans to start selling new products in early 2013 . Factories do n't wait to snag a customer to start producing products , either . They will pre-design and even start production on accessories before Apple goes public with a new device . Then , they 'll try to shop those goods around to big box retailers like Best Buy , Target and Walmart , as well as to individual brands that will buy up inventory and then add their own logo . Apple 's secrets are n't so secret anymore , and that 's O.K. Over the years , rumors and leaks about unreleased Apple products have become more common . Apple devices are created by a porous network of third-party factories and employees that even the strongest of non-disclosure agreements ca n't always completely control . Snippets of information travel between factories or even units of the same company . Most factories are n't in a monogamous relationship with Apple or the approved third-party vendors with access to advance specs , and may also make products for other companies . While Foxconn factories have received the most attention  largely for labor issues  , that 's just one in a large network of suppliers Apple uses . In its 2011 list of Apple suppliers , Apple named 97 companies it contracts to create raw materials and manufacture and assemble products . Many of those companies only handle one small detail , like providing the nuts and bolts that are used in iPhones . Others produce more accessories specifically for Apple , like Cosmosupplylab Ltd. did on the iPad 's Smart Cover . Navigating the world of factories and rumors is essential to companies competing for those early accessory dollars . But even if it is n't ready by Friday 's launch date and the surge of new iPhone 5 purchases , they are n't out of the game . They still have the global roll out of devices to look forward to , and the process could begin again if Apple releases the rumored smaller iPad this fall . New Fitbits sync with iPhones , Androids via Bluetooth 4.0	Most smartphone accessories are bought in the first three months of owning a phone For iPhone 5 accessory makers , the race is on to get products on shelves quickly Some companies get specs from Apple in advance , others from leaks and factories
Richard Ben Cramer , the Pulitzer Prize-winning writer whose 1992 book "  What It Takes " remains one of the most detailed and passionate of all presidential campaign chronicles , died Monday night , according to his longtime agent , Philippa "  Flip " Brophy . He was 62 . The cause of death was lung cancer . Cramer 's work -- and work ethic -- was legendary among reporters . He talked in firm , declamatory bursts in a growl of a voice tinged with cigars and alcohol . He was generous with other writers , dogged in his pursuit of information , and known for idiosyncratically "  doing things in his own way , on his own schedule , " recalled Brophy . "  He was stubborn , charming and the most brilliant person I knew -- and the warmest , " she said . "  He was an unmatched talent who set an enormously high bar for political journalism . I will miss him , " said Vice President Joe Biden in a statement . Biden and Cramer became friendly when the author was working on "  What It Takes . " CNN senior political analyst Gloria Borger , echoing many , attests to his generosity . She was a cub reporter for the old Washington Star when she was assigned to the Maryland statehouse beat . Cramer , then with The  Baltimore  Sun , took her under his wing . "  I was this new kid on the block , and he 'd been around and knew Maryland politics very well , and he was smart and a brilliant writer -- and kind to a new reporter on the beat , " she said . Cramer put all his fury , emotion and eye for detail on the page in such works as "  Joe DiMaggio : A Hero 's Life "  2000  , "  How Israel Lost "  2004  and especially "  What It Takes , " a 1,047-page account of the 1988 presidential race . "  What It Takes " reads like Tom Wolfe on speed , like Theodore H. White left out in the wild . It 's fueled by Cramer 's determination to find out just exactly why people are crazy enough to run the obstacle course in pursuit of the nation 's highest office . The book contains astute and sympathetic profiles of George H.W. Bush , Michael Dukakis , Joe Biden and particularly Bob Dole . The latter comes across as particularly rich , with his distinctive third-person speaking style and tossed-off "  Aghs , " all rendered with Cramer 's painterly eye . "  Too much political journalism today , even in book form , is geared more toward staff feuds and soap opera and less to what Richard spent so much time in 1988 exploring : what makes these candidates tick , and what drives them to compete in such an arduous -- and yes , at times , ridiculous process , " said CNN 's chief national correspondent , John King , who covered the Dukakis campaign that year . Cramer plunged into the day-to-day drudgery of a presidential campaign with a vengeance , and what emerges is half winged exultation , half death march .  Indeed , the strain of doing the book made him very ill , though reports that it nearly killed him were "  exaggerations , " said Brophy .  In the long history of campaign works , which includes White 's "  Making of the President " series , Hunter S. Thompson 's "  Fear and Loathing on the Campaign Trail ' 72 " and John Heilemann and Mark Helperin 's gossipy "  Game Change , " Cramer 's tome looms large -- "  one of the most important books on American politics in the 20th century , " said Michael Pakenham , a former editor at the Philadelphia Inquirer and a Cramer colleague . The book was hugely influential . "  Richard Ben Cramer transformed a whole generation of political reporters with his sweeping chronicle of the 1988 campaign , " said Howard Kurtz , host of CNN 's "  Reliable Sources " and Washington bureau chief for The Daily Beast . "  While almost no one could write and report as he did , he set the bar higher for everyone . " Cramer was fascinated as much by the machinery that produced power and hero worship as he was by the people at their center . "  He was a journalist who listened and watched particularly well , " says Butch Ward , a senior faculty member at the Poynter Institute and another former Inquirer colleague . "  He went places most of us aspired to , but he got there . " Such determination did n't often sit well with reviewers . "  What It Takes " was criticized as self-indulgent ; "  How Israel Lost , " which painted a bleak picture of Cramer 's former Mideast stomping grounds , was knocked as simple-minded . And Cramer 's warts-and-all DiMaggio biography , though a bestseller , was slammed for the author 's blunt handling of the New York Yankee hero . Cramer "  relentlessly , pulverizingly tells us that the man was n't worthy of the legend built up around him , " Allen Barra wrote in Salon . The review was headlined "  Joe Cruel . " Cramer , of course , did n't see it that way . "  I think among older fans there 's a sense that I 'm somehow messing with their own memories , which was never my intent , " he told CNN at the time . "  I can understand their annoyance . But to me the life of DiMaggio was always more interesting than the myth . " Cramer was born in Rochester , New York , in 1950 , and studied at Johns Hopkins and Columbia 's journalism school . He worked at The Sun in the 1970s and then at the Philadelphia Inquirer from 1977 to 1984 . He won a Pulitzer Prize for his Middle East reporting in 1979 . As a freelance writer , he wrote a number of well-received profiles , including a Rolling Stone piece on Jerry Lee Lewis , an Esquire cover story on Baltimore mayor  and later Maryland governor  William Donald Schaefer , and a much-talked-about story on Ted Williams , later reprinted as the book "  What Do You Think of Ted Williams Now ? " Despite his renown among journalists , he was n't always an easy sell , recalls Brophy . After she signed him -- "  intercepting " him from agency head Sterling Lord because she loved his newspaper and magazine work -- she spent years funneling him book ideas from interested publishers . "  He 'd say , ` No , no , no , no , no , ' and I would say  to others  , ` He 's really the type of person who needs to come up with his own idea . ' " When he finally had his own idea , it was for "  What It Takes , " a mammoth undertaking that frightened publishers . "  I said , ` Richard , that 's a great book idea , but it 's not a first book . It 's like a 10th book . ' And he went , ` Sell it , ' " said Brophy . "  And I did . " With just four books and a handful of magazine articles over his long post-newspaper career , Cramer operated on his own clock . Sometimes that meant literally , said Brophy . One morning , while researching "  What It Takes , " he called her at 7:30 , saying that he had missed a 7:15 flight . "  What time did you get there ? " she asked . "  7:20 , " he replied . But that was Cramer , agree his friends , an occasionally shambling presence who was also a keen observer , a raconteur , a baseball fan , a master of ceremonies .  He served the latter role at Pakenham 's wedding .  Ward imagines him in another time , another place , holding court with some other witty friends . "  It 's probably not too much a stretch to imagine Richard sitting at the Algonquin , sharing great thoughts with other people , " he said . Cramer is survived by his wife , Joan Cramer , and a daughter , Ruby . An earlier marriage ended in divorce . According to The Sun , there will be no funeral at Cramer 's request .	Richard Ben Cramer , author of monumental "  What It Takes , " dead at 62 Cramer remembered as generous , warm , a little stubborn "  What It Takes " called one of the great books on American politics in 20th century Cramer 's other books included biography of Joe DiMaggio , thoughts on Mideast
CNN  -- Canada announced Wednesday that it will dispatch a warship to Somalia 's coast to protect U.N. aid ships from pirate attacks . The Canadian frigate HMCS Ville de Quebec will escort ships carrying food aid to Somalia . "  Canada is stepping up to the plate by tasking Ville de Quebec with the role of escorting World Food Programme ships to ensure their safe arrival at designated ports , " Canadian Defense Minister Peter MacKay said in a government news release . The United Nations hunger program praised Canada for answering its call for help , and said it hoped other governments would step forward to take over from Canada once it completes its mission in a few weeks . The HMCS Ville de Quebec is a 440-foot frigate armed with torpedoes , surface-to-air missiles and other weapons , and carries a twin-engine Sea King anti-submarine helicopter . Ville de Quebec , which can travel at speeds greater than 27 knots , will be dispatched after Somalia 's transitional government formally authorizes the mission , the government 's news release said . WFP asked the world 's naval powers in mid-June to help its ships reach the more than 2 million people in need of aid . It put out the request weeks before French , Danish and Dutch warships ended their escort missions , which began in November . Pirate attacks on unescorted ships have been a growing problem in Somalia . Three European freighters were hijacked off the Horn of Africa in June , adding to the 27 other reported attacks this year , according to the International Maritime Bureau , which tracks piracy . WFP delivers 80 percent of its aid to Somalia by sea , and WFP spokesman Peter Smerdon said that if there are no warships to escort the food supply , the program will have to rely on ground or air travel to deliver the food . But both are dangerous and expensive . The agency said that if there is no assistance from naval powers , piracy will increase , and so will death and malnutrition . Smerdon said that although Somalia 's food crisis has n't yet reached the devastation of the early 1990s , "  We 're worried it will be . "	Canada to send 440-foot frigate to help aid reach ports safely Mission must be authorized by Somalia 's transitional government 80 percent of U.N. 's food aid to Somalia sent by ship Heavily armed pirates frequently hijack cargo ships off Horn of Africa
Jerusalem  CNN  Within 48 hours of his election night victory , Benjamin Netanyahu rolled back his pre-election comments that there would be no Palestinian state if he were Prime Minister , but the damage may already have been done to relations with the two other major players in the negotiations : the United States and the Palestinians . In an interview with NBC , Netanyahu said , "  I have n't changed my policy , I never retracted my speech six years ago calling for a demilitarized Palestinian state that recognizes the Jewish state . What has changed is the reality , Abu Mazen  nickhame of Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas  the Palestinian leader refuses to recognize the Jewish state , and he 's made a pact with Hamas that calls for the destruction of Israel . And every territory vacated these days in the Middle East is taken up by Islamist forces and we want that to change so we can realize the vision of real sustained peace . I do n't want a one-state solution , I want a sustainable two-state solution . " Chief Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erekat says he believes the pre-election statement that Netanyahu will not allow a two-state solution . He says the Palestinians will keep pursuing statehood through the international arena instead of through negotiations . "  I 've negotiated with them for 20 years , and I complained to the international community that there is a big difference between someone being a tough negotiator which is legitimate and someone being a non-negotiator , " Erekat said . "  All Netanyahu needs to do to gain the credibility and the trust , not only of me but of the international community , he needs to stand tall and tell the Israeli people that in order to live in peace with our neighbors we 're going to have to recognize the state of Palestine . " Erekat says the Palestinians may try again for recognition once more at the United Nations , a forum where they fell one vote short of recognition as a full UN member state in December . A new United Nations Security Council consisting of different member states may be more favorable to a second Palestinian bid . So where does that leave the United States ? The White House said it would "  reassess " the relationship between the United States and Israel . The broad relationship includes security cooperation , financial assistance , and strong diplomatic ties . Both leaders reaffirmed the strength of those ties in the weeks before the Israeli elections . But the United States has also used its veto power as a permanent member of the U.N. Security Council to block resolutions unfavorable to Israel . Some of that protection could be at stake here as the White House urges both sides back to negotiations . The last peace talks , moderated by Secretary of State John Kerry , broke down in April 2014 after nine months of negotiations . As the talks deteriorated before the scheduled deadline , Israel withdrew from the negotiations when Fatah announced a reconciliation with Hamas , a militant Islamic group , and an intention to form a unity government . In a phone call with Netanyahu , President Barack Obama congratulated Netanyahu and stressed the importance of a two-state solution . But with so much skepticism on both sides , a lasting peace remains a distant goal .	The White House says it would "  reassess " the relationship between the United States and Israel That comes after Netanyahu made campaign statements against a Palestinian state Netanyahu rolled back the comments after his election victory
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Former lighting technician Patrick McDermott , best known as Olivia Newton-John 's boyfriend of nine years , mysteriously disappeared July 1 , 2005 . Olivia Newton-John and Patrick McDermott were together for nine years . Then he disappeared . He was n't on board the fishing boat "  Freedom " when it returned to shore in San Pedro , California , after an overnight excursion . Investigators say he 'd visited Newton-John the day before with flowers , bid her farewell and ended their relationship . McDermott was seen boarding the vessel that evening with his fishing gear and a duffle bag . The 22 passengers and three crew members on board gave conflicting reports about his whereabouts both during and at the end of the trip . Police have determined that McDermott did indeed board the vessel , fished with the others and socialized on the boat both on June 30 and the next day , July 1 . However , the witness accounts conflict about what happened as the boat neared shore on the afternoon of July 1 . No one is quite sure when they last saw McDermott in the last 30 minutes of the voyage . Watch why this cold case is a real mystery " McDermott paid his bar and kitchen tab , which consisted of two hot dogs and a Coke , a kitchen receipt shows . Then he seems to have vanished . Some witnesses told police they thought they saw McDermott get off the boat when it docked and walk toward the parking lot , but they can not be sure it was him . Ten days passed before relatives began a search for McDermott . They first became alarmed on July 6 when he did n't show up for a family gathering . Relatives found his car still parked at the San Pedro Marina where he 'd left it when he boarded the fishing vessel . Investigators then discovered McDermott had left personal items on the boat , including his wallet . As police looked into his background , they learned that McDermott had been facing a mountain of debt , including being ordered by a court to pay back child support payments for his 15-year-old son from a prior marriage . A Coast Guard investigation concluded that he was "  most likely drowned at sea . " But some people believe he may be alive . Investigators have theorized that McDermott may have staged his death to escape financial pressures . Since McDermott disappeared , there have been hundreds of supposed sightings of him in Mexico . Private investigators and some police investigators speculate that McDermott may be hiding in the small village of Sayulita , 40 miles outside the resort town of Puerta Vallarta . A community of expatriates in Sayulita work as deckhands for the mega-yachts owned by billionaire South American businessmen . The Coast Guard , the lead investigative agency , says its case is closed . It found no evidence to support or disprove criminality or foul play in the McDermott disappearance . "  We spoke to dozens of witnesses on that vessel and we concluded any reported sightings of McDermott getting off that boat after it docked were not credible , " said Scott Epperson , a Coast Guard spokesman in Long Beach . Although the investigation is officially closed , he encourages anyone with credible tips to please call the tip line at 310-521-4296 . McDermott was 48 years old at the time of his disappearance three years ago . He is 5 feet 9 inches tall and weighs 140 pounds , with brown eyes and salt-and-pepper hair .	Patrick McDermott broke up with Olivia Newton-John the day before he vanished He was seen boarding fishing boat on June 30 , 2005 ; paid bar tab July 1 Accounts vary as to whether he ever got off boat Have information ? Call 310-521-4296
RollingStone.com  -- Where do lonely hearts go ? Rolling Stone : Who Is Sam Smith ? A Quick Primer on the U.K. Soul Singer British singer Sam Smith , 21 , has written a dissertation on the question with his debut LP . Smith -- a gifted blue-eyed-soulster with Barry Gibb 's flexible falsetto and Mark Ronson 's ear for throwback grooves -- got noticed last year for his vocals on house duo Disclosure 's slow jam "  Latch . " Rolling Stone : Sam Smith comes out , says debut is dedicated to unrequited love With In the Lonely Hour 's orchestral flourishes and focus on a single unrealized affair , it seems the baby-faced singer is being positioned as a male Adele . But while the album flirts with a few radiant moments , Smith 's endless yearning is n't wrapped in as many irresistible packages . Rolling Stone : Sam Smith dazzles in ` SNL ' debut He rolls deepest on the gospel-powered "  Stay With Me " -- a spare track with a simple arrangement that matches its bare plea -- and "  Like I Can , " a blissful groove that packs a Seventies rock-radio punch . Elsewhere , though he reaches for his upper register with the same eagerness that he grasps for love , his emo hopelessness is a flood drowning everything in sight . The album 's team of producers gives Smith a mostly blank canvas to showcase his vocals , providing room for soaring riffs over fingerpicked guitars on "  Not in That Way " and "  Leave Your Lover . " But neither leaves as indelible a mark as Smith 's lost love has left on his heart . See the original story at RollingStone.com . Read about Sam Smith as part of our CNN 10 : Fresh Faces Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	"  In the Lonely Hour " is Smith 's debut album He 's performed with the duo Disclosure He rolls deepest on "  Stay With Me "
An impressive collection of hotels built more than a century ago in Southeast Asia -- catering to a sudden wave of well-heeled globetrotters that cruised in when the Suez Canal opened in 1869 -- still stands proudly today . Incredibly popular among modern travelers in search of a side of history to go with their luxury digs , we 've featured some of the top historic hotels here . But in recent years , savvy hotel developers have been capitalizing on tourists ' craving for the classics by converting century-old buildings once used for other purposes into luxury accommodations , as well . Staying in luxury hotels that have seen two world wars certainly adds to the fascination of a trip through the region , especially when you uncover some of the stories absorbed by their enduring walls . Capella Singapore Built : 1880s  colonial manors Formerly : British Royal Artillery Capella Singapore has four heritage-listed buildings set alongside its newer construction . Two colonial manors , dating to the 1880s , were once used to house officers in the British Royal Artillery based on Sentosa Island . One of the Lord Norman Foster-restored buildings is allocated as part of the 111-room hotel ; another forms part of the long-stay The Club at Capella . The other two conservation buildings give the hotel its colonial white facade . Built in the late 1930s as the Royal Artillery Officers ' Mess , they remain perched on the grassy knolls . The library lounge above the lobby displays nostalgic photos of Christmas dances and New Year 's balls with revelers in all their 1950s glam . Legend has it that before the British surrendered to the Japanese in 1942 during the Battle of Singapore , officers buried regimental silver in the grounds , where to this day it may still remain . Capella Singapore , 1 The Knolls , Sentosa , Singapore ; +65  0  6377 8888 ; from S$ 780  $ 623 The Siam , Bangkok , Thailand Built : Before 1862  Connie 's Cottage , Chon restaurant Formerly : Thai house of socialite Connie Mingskau Four teak structures on the premises of Bangkok 's incredible The Siam hotel date back at least 150 years . Three of them make up the hotel 's Thai restaurant Chon ; the other is the signature suite , Connie 's Cottage . All four houses once belonged to Connie Mingskau , Thai silk legend Jim Thompson 's confidante and one of the last people to see him alive at the Cameron Highlands before his disappearance in 1967 . Each house , at least a century old when bought , had to be dismantled , transported down the Chaopraya River and reassembled in its original location on Sukhumvit Road , where the likes of Jacqueline Kennedy and William Holden attended the socialite 's fabled soirees . "  Jim wrote a number and a letter in chalk on each piece of wall , " recalls Mary Anne Stanislaw , Connie 's granddaughter . "  I remember that my cousins , brothers and I erased a part of a giant ` A ' and we were severely reprimanded by Jim . " The Siam Hotel , 3/2 Thanon Khao , Bangkok , Thailand ; +66  0  2 206 6999 ; from 14,500 baht  $ 453 Amantaka , Luang Prabang , Laos Built : First decade of the 20th century Formerly : Luang Prabang provincial hospital The 32 original buildings that now house this all-suite hotel once formed Luang Prabang 's old provincial hospital , whose first phase is estimated to have been constructed between 1901 and 1910 . The hospital moved to new facilities in 2005 , after which Aman Resorts took over . With 10 of the buildings protected under UNESCO World Heritage regulations , under strict stipulations they were meticulously restored and turned into 24 luxury suites . The hotel 's high ceilings , shady verandas and louvered doors reflect the town 's French colonial influences . In addition to the luxuries expected of an Aman property -- spa , fitness facilities , fine dining -- there 's an onsite gallery showcasing the history of Luang Prabang . Amantaka , 55/3 Kingkitsarath Road , Ban Thongchaleun , Luang Prabang , Laos ; +856  0  71 860 333 ; from $ 800 Belmond Governor 's Residence , Yangon , Myanmar Built : 1920s Formerly : Home to the ruler of Myanmar 's southern states The "  newest " property on this list , the Governor 's Residence has another few years before it hits its official 100-year-old mark , but it 's still worthy of inclusion . A colonial-style teak mansion built in the 1920s , it was once home to the British governors who ruled Myanmar 's southern states . Located in Yangon 's Embassy Quarter and set in a gorgeous lotus pool-filled garden , the hotel has rooms of varying sizes , the largest being a two-bedroom suite . For those with Orwellian "  Burmese Days " visions , the fan-cooled verandas and teak armchairs of this heritage property do n't disappoint . Unlike the fabled Strand , this Yangon luxury hotel has a swimming pool -- a huge relief after a day of sightseeing in the dusty former Myanmar capital . Governor 's Residence , 35 Taw Win St. , Dagon township , Yangon ; rooms from $ 260 Carcosa Seri Negara , Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia Built : Late 1800s Formerly : Official residence of British High Commissioners Set deep in the city 's historic Lake Gardens , this heritage hotel -- formerly an Aman Resorts property -- was the official residence of all of the highest British representatives to the Malay States from 1904 to 1941 . That all ended with the 1941 Japanese invasion , when Carcosa became the Japanese Senior Officers ' Army Mess . Eventually it was returned to the Malaysian government . Rooms in this UNESCO World Heritage site are large . The suites come with butler service . Decor is in line with the hotel 's architecture , which combines neo-Gothic and Tudor revival influences . With the exception of the LCD TV , you may feel like you 're on the set of a Merchant-Ivory film . One of Carcosa Seri Negara 's highlights is English afternoon tea , served in the drawing room or on the wraparound verandah overlooking impressive gardens . Carcosa Seri Negara , Taman Tasik Perdana , Persiaran Mahameru ; +603 2295 0888 ; from RM990  $ 311	Southeast Asia is full of hotels featuring beautifully restored heritage buildings Capella Singapore has four heritage-listed buildings , including a former Royal Artillery Officers ' Mess Luang Prabang 's old provincial hospital is now a luxury Aman property
New York  CNN  -- The principal of a Catholic elementary school in the Bronx has been fired because of his writings on race and white supremacy , the Archdiocese of New York said Tuesday . Frank Borzellieri was relieved as principal of Our Lady of Mount Carmel elementary school in the wake of recent coverage in the New York Daily News and other local media concerning his writings and his previous ties to a group called American Renaissance . The Southern Poverty Law Center , which monitors extremist groups in the United States , describes American Renaissance as a "  white nationalist movement . " Joseph Zwilling , spokesman for the New York Archdiocese , issued a statement Tuesday saying that the principal was let go because "  many of the opinions expressed by Mr. Borzellieri in his writings were found to be incompatible with the philosophy and practices of Our Lady of Mount Carmel School , and with Catholic schools throughout the archdiocese . " Borzellieri was hired in 2009 as principal of the elementary school , which has , according to the National Center for Education Statistics , a mostly black and Latino student body . Zwilling 's statement did not specify when the termination was effective , and Borzellieri could not be reached by CNN on Tuesday . The official who originally hired Borzellieri , the Rev. Eric Rapaglia , pastor of the Church of Our Lady of Mount Carmel , made the decision to remove Borzellieri as principal after reviewing his writings , according to the archdiocese . Borzellieri previously served as an elected member of the New York School Board for 11 years . During his tenure , according to published reports , he made efforts to forbid references to homosexuality and to ban literature he considered "  anti-American , " including a biography of Martin Luther King Jr. . The website for American Renaissance currently advertises writings by Borzellieri , including a 2009 book titled "  Lynched : A Conservative 's Life on a New York City School Board . " Another book by Borzellieri , titled "  The Unspoken Truth : Race , Culture and Other Taboos , " lists among its topics "  the myth of integration " and "  multicultural madness , " according to the website . CNN affiliate WCBS reported that Borzellieri 's sister , Maria , told a reporter Tuesday , "  He wrote these books a long time ago . I do n't know who 'd drag them up . It has nothing to do with the type of principal he is today . " During his time on the New York School Board , Borzellieri tried to fire teacher Daniel Dromm for being openly gay , according to published accounts . Dromm , now a New York City Council member , described Borzellieri to CNN Tuesday as an "  equal-opportunity hater . " "  It 's completely inappropriate to have someone of this type be anywhere near children , " Dromm said , describing Borzellieri as "  unqualified to teach and unqualified to be near children . " Dromm said he also wrote a letter to the archbishop of New York calling for the removal of Rapaglia , who hired and then fired Borzellieri , for "  incredibly poor judgment . " Rapaglia provided CNN with a written statement Tuesday apologizing "  for my mistake in judgment : in hindsight , I should not have hired Mr. Borzelleri . " But Rapaglia said in the statement that he hired Borzellieri based on the recommendation of a search committee that "  represented the full diversity of the school population and included teachers and parents . " "  Neither myself , nor any of the members of the search committee knew of Mr. Borzelleri 's political writings at the time of his hiring . I read them after he was hired as principal , " Rapaglia wrote in the statement , with the word "  after " in italics for emphasis . "  I did my best to correct the situation and now , please God , we will find a new and very qualified principal , " Rapaglia said in the statement . CNN 's Max Markham contributed to this report .	A Catholic elementary school principal is fired because of his writings on race Frank Borzellieri 's topics included "  the myth of integration " and "  multicultural madness " The New York Archdiocese says he was dismissed after his writings were reviewed The opinions were found to be "  incompatible " with schools in the archdiocese
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  -- Ousted Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak is "  very sad and sorry " that he is accused of ordering that live ammunition be fired on protesters , but he has no regrets , his lawyer told CNN Sunday . The former leader is in "  very bad health , " suffering from a serious heart problem and a resurgence of colon cancer , attorney Farid El Deeb said . "  He does n't watch TV or anything else , " El Deeb said in his first interview since the Mubarak family hired him in April . "  They ban him from doing so to avoid more psychological pain . He speaks very little and suppresses a lot of his pain . " El Deeb suggested that his CNN interview will "  probably be the only piece of television he 'll watch . " Mubarak faces criminal charges , including using his political position to acquire funds illegally and potentially capital charges of killing protesters . "  He was very sad and sorry because he did not imagine such accusations , especially as he believes that they are all false , " El Deeb said . His lawyer denied that Mubarak gave any kind of authorization to use force or live ammunition against demonstrators who were calling for his removal . "  Mubarak had expressed his sorrow and had ordered a committee to investigate how they happened , " he said . More than 800 people lost their lives during Egypt 's 18-day revolution , including about 50 police . "  We still need to discover who shot the policemen who were killed during the revolution , " El Deeb said . A Cairo court , in the first ruling against Mubarak since he was ousted on February 11 , fined him and his top officials more than $ 90 million for their role in cutting the mobile phone network and internet service for five days . Adel Saeed , spokesman for the general prosecutor , said Saturday that Mubarak himself was fined $ 34 million , former Interior Minister Habib El-Adly $ 50 million and former Prime Minister Ahmed Nazif $ 6 million . "  They were charged with cutting the communication to hinder the efforts of the January 25 revolutionaries , " Saeed said . The blocks began January 28 as demonstrations against Mubarak 's rule heightened in Cairo 's Tahrir Square . El Deeb denied that Mubarak , his family and friends amassed fortunes at the expense of the Egyptian people . Mubarak 's personal wealth is only about six million Egyptian pounds -- about $ 1 million in U.S. dollars -- "  which he saved from working for 62 years , " he said . "  He does not own anything else in Egypt or outside of Egypt , " he said . "  He does not own a single dollar abroad . " Egypt 's justice minister told CNN in May that Mubarak 's fortune was "  in the billions of dollars . " "  Unfortunately , all the chaos and problems on the Egyptian streets are caused by the minister of justice , Mr. Mohamed Abdel-Aziz El Guindy , " El Deeb said . "  It has been proven that all his talk is lies . " The lawyer laughed at rumors that Mubarak 's two sons are getting VIP treatment in Cairo 's Tora prison , where they are awaiting trial on a variety of corruption charges . "  All this is not true , " he said . "  They 're being treated like any other prisoner . " The sons have no contact with their father , he said . Transferring Mubarak to Tora is not an option because the prison hospital does not have a proper intensive care unit , he said . "  Honestly , he is now in very bad health , " he said . "  He even needs help to go to the bathroom . The president has serious heart problems and complications with his stomach from the operation he had in Germany last year . "	The ousted Egyptian leader is in "  very bad health , " his lawyer says Mubarak "  speaks very little and suppresses a lot of his pain , " he says Mubarak 's wealth is just about $ 1 million , he says Mubarak 's lawyer gives his first interview to CNN Sunday
CNN  -- Sheila Ranea Crabtree of Pataskala , Ohio , is Sexy with a capital 'S . ' That 's not hyperbole . It 's not an opinion . It 's not an exaggeration . It 's a fact . The 41-year-old former photographer legally changed her name to Sexy Ranea  pronounced Renee  Crabtree Tuesday morning at the Licking County courthouse . Crabtree , who has gone by her middle name since high school , says her first name came from her father , whom she has only seen a handful of times in her life . She insists the change was not rooted in any sort of rebellion . "  I 've always hated Sheila " she told CNN . "  Now I am free from that ugly name . " Crabtree says her husband loves her new name , which she chose over Sparkle and Sinder , because Sexy "  suited  her  personality . " When asked what her mother would be calling her , she did n't hesitate . "  Sexy Ranea . " Charlie Sheen changes his name to Carlos Estevez	Sheila Ranea Crabtree hated her first name and went by her middle At age 41 , the former photographer traded the dreaded moniker for "  Sexy " Other name contenders included Sparkle and Sinder
New York  CNN  -- A free concert in Manhattan by Canadian rapper Drake and pop trio Hanson was canceled Tuesday evening because of an unruly crowd , police said . "  People were throwing bottles , there was people on roofs throwing chairs . It was chaos , " one concertgoer told CNN-affiliate NY1 . One third of Hanson , Zac , talked about the incident on his offical Twitter account : "  Had to cancel the free NYC show today because of a crazy audience that was breaking things at the mixing board . " The mayhem erupted before Drake , whose widely anticipated new album hit stores Tuesday , took the stage . "  NYPD will not let me go on stage tonight , " he tweeted shortly before he was supposed to perform . A spokeswoman for the NYPD disputed the idea that police called off the concert , telling CNN that the event 's promoters made that call . Paper Magazine , a sponsor of the event along with Ray-Ban , explained via Twitter that "  the crowd was much larger than we anticipated . " A promotional poster said organizers were expecting a crowd of 10,000-plus . Two concertgoers were arrested and some others sustained "  minor injuries , " the NYPD spokeswoman said .	Drake and Hanson concert canceled in New York concertgoer says crowd turned into chaos Drake and Hanson talked about incident on Twitter
CNN  -- A close aide to Pakistan 's Taliban chief Baitullah Mehsud said he is breaking ties with him and confirmed reports that Mehsud was behind the assassination of former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto . Former Pakistan Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto was assassinated in December 2007 at a campaign rally . Qari Turkestan Bhitaini , a self-proclaimed right-hand man of Mehsud , said Mehsud was behind the December 27 , 2007 , assassination of Bhutto , Pakistan 's Express TV reported . Bhitaini said he is breaking ties with Mehsud because he blames the Taliban chief for killing scores of innocent Muslims in recent attacks in Lahore . The Pakistani government and CIA officials have said in the past that Mehsud was responsible for Bhutto 's death . Bhutto , 54 , was heading the opposition to then-President Pervez Musharraf when she was assassinated during a campaign rally in Rawalpindi ahead of parliamentary elections . The Pakistani government , who has struggled to control terrorism , is waging a military offensive against the Taliban in the country 's North West Frontier Province .	Report : Taliban chief Baitullah Mehsud responsible for Benazir Bhutto 's slaying Mehsud 's former aide makes allegations , blames him for killing Muslims Bhutto was assassinated in December 2007 at campaign rally
Paris  CNN  A man arrested after a knife attack on two soldiers on the streets of Nice in southern France was already known to intelligence services as having been radicalized , French Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve said Wednesday . The suspect , named by the Nice mayor 's office as Moussa Coulibaly , 30 , attacked a soldier and a comrade who came to his aid on Tuesday as they patrolled near a Jewish community center . They were slightly injured . Intelligence services had detected the suspect 's radicalization in the Yvelines area , west of Paris , Cazeneuve said . They informed the General Directorate of Internal Security , or DGSI . The notification meant that when the suspect got on a plane to Turkey last month , an alert was raised , and Turkish authorities expelled him , Cazeneuve said . The DGSI questioned him but was not at that time able to establish any criminal acts in the works or a legal case against him , the minister said . Days later , while the DGSI was still looking into why he was in Nice , Coulibaly allegedly carried out Tuesday 's attack . The authorities are conducting searches and have taken people into custody as they seek to pin down the suspect 's profile , Cazeneuve said . According to CNN affiliate BFMTV , Coulibaly was from the Paris area , where he was handed prison time and fines between 2006 and 2009 for offenses , including shoplifting , violence and drug abuse . An official in the Turkish prime ministry told CNN on Tuesday that French intelligence was aware of Coulibaly and had alerted Turkish officials when he flew to Istanbul 's Ataturk Airport from Rome on Thursday . He was put on a flight back to Rome that same day , the source said . The suspect shares the same last name as one of the three terrorists behind last month 's deadly attacks in and around Paris . Officials can not confirm he 's related to Amedy Coulibaly , the man who killed a police officer in the Paris suburb of Montrouge , then took hostages in a kosher grocery in the French capital , a standoff that ended with him and four hostages dead . Coulibaly is a common name for families of Malian descent . The soldiers attacked were among the French military forces who have been out on the streets around sensitive sites following last month 's terror attacks that included the massacre at the offices of satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo . Philippe Pradal , Nice 's deputy head of security , told BFMTV that the assailant initially did n't do much harm because the soldier he attacked had on a bulletproof vest . "  After realizing the inefficiency of his stabs ... he tried to hurt him in the face , " Pradal said . The attacker injured another soldier trying to assist before he was stopped , with help from a passer-by , public transit officers and municipal police . CNN 's Sandrine Amiel reported from Paris , and Laura Smith-Spark wrote from London . CNN 's Ariana Williams , Margot Haddad , Alexander Felton and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	French interior minister says the suspect was on the radar of intelligence services The man , identified as Moussa Coulibaly , was known to have become radicalized Suspect flew to Turkey last week but was turned back , a Turkish official said
Washington  CNN  -- Two things motivate House Speaker John Boehner in his showdown with Democrats and President Barack Obama , sources close to him say -- one personal , one philosophical . The personal one is evident through how he deals with his caucus of 232 Republicans , especially the unruly tea party group . Boehner originally did not want to tie a contentious effort to defund Obamacare to spending legislation needed to avert a shutdown . He expressed that sentiment as far back as March . "  Our goal here is to cut spending . It 's not to shut down the government , " Boehner said . "  I believe that trying to put Obamacare on this vehicle risks shutting down the government . That 's not what our goal is . " But ultimately , there were enough House Republicans demanding the two issues be linked that Boehner changed his mind . Why ? "  He has been seen people rise and fall , " a source close to him said . In fact , he was one of them . When Boehner was House Republican Conference chairman , he was part of a small group of House Republican leaders who met in 1997 to discuss ousting their fellow Republican speaker , Newt Gingrich . Opinion : No good options for Boehner The coup failed and Boehner claimed he was only gathering information , not conspiring . But by the next year , his fellow Republicans had ousted him from leadership . Upon hearing the bad news , he told an aide , "  We are going to smile , we are going to work hard , and earn our way back . " And he did just that -- from exile through various top positions on committees to the leadership of House Republicans and then his election as speaker . "  You could never have predicted in 1998 the recovery of John Boehner , " said Gingrich , now a host of CNN 's "  Crossfire . " "  So I think first of all his discipline , his focus on getting the job done , being a very effective insider , raising resources , campaigning for members . "  He managed to recover , which is historically not abnormal -- Speaker Longworth had the same kind of experience , so it happens occasionally . But it takes an unusual amount of willpower to be defeated by your colleagues , and make a comeback with the same colleagues , " Gingrich said . The lesson learned ? Listen to party members and try to adapt to what they want -- sometimes leading them , sometimes following , sometimes protecting them from themselves , and sometimes -- as with the government shutdown -- letting them learn the lesson that if you touch a pot on a hot stove , you will get burned . "  When he was sworn in as speaker , he had 15 rebels vote against him on the House floor . He has this group of 30 to 40 hardcore conservatives who are more than willing to dump John Boehner any chance they can , " said John Feehery , a consultant and former aide to Republican leaders . Congress still gets paid "  From Boehner 's perspective , he 's learned from what happened with Newt Gingrich . That 's why he 's more disciplined , listening more to his caucus , less likely to freelance than Newt was . Going through this process for him is more of a step-by-step process , " Feehery said . Not enough House Republicans yet see that this path is likely one that will hurt them politically . When that changes , Boehner will pursue a path out . But he will not be exiled again . "  Listen . We 've got a lot of divergent opinions in the caucus and the key to any leadership job is to listen , " Boehner said two weeks ago . "  You know , I was here during the Gingrich era . He had a little plaque that was in his office . And it was a management model : ` Listen , learn , help , and leave . ' We listened to our colleagues over the course of the last week . We have a plan that they 're happy with . " The philosophical part of this equation is Boehner 's concern about the debt and his belief that Obama does n't get it . "  The president told me in the Oval Office back in December , ` We do n't have a spending problem , we have a health care problem , ' Boehner said in an interview in late March . "  And as long as the president continues to cling to the fact that we do n't have a spending problem , and clings to the fact that we 're not taxing the American people enough , it 's going to make it hard to get to an agreement . " But it 's not like the House Republicans ' budget balances . "  Our budget is a vision of how we would go , " Boehner said . "  And clearly we believe that Obamacare is bad for the country , it 's going to drive up the cost of health insurance for the American people . It 's going to hurt employers building to hire more people . It 's not in the nation 's interest . " Democrats , Republicans and the insane leap into the abyss	House Speaker John Boehner originally did n't want to tie spending bill to Obamacare Boehner was involved in failed coup when Newt Gingrich was speaker after last shutdown In the aftermath of failed ouster of Gingrich , Boehner lost his leadership post Boehner has learned lessons from that experience , former House leadership aide says
Atlanta  CNN  -- A large fire at the southwest Atlanta film studio of Tyler Perry on Tuesday night damaged the backlot facade of one of Perry 's sound stages , according to a statement from the studio Wednesday . "  We are grateful that there were no injuries and that 99 % of the damage is limited to the backlot facade , " the studio statement said . The building 's interior , which was protected from the flames by concrete masonry construction , did suffer some water damage , according to a statement from the Atlanta Fire Department . Officials do not know what started the fire , said Atlanta Fire Capt. Jolyon Bundridge . Perry uses the facade to shoot city street scenes for his movies , including his successful "  Madea " franchise . When he opened the studio for production four years ago , Perry named the backlot 34th Street , "  as in Miracle on 34th Street . " Each sound stage is named after legendary African-American actors , including Sidney Poitier , Ruby Dee and Cicely Tyson . The sound stages are where Perry shoots his TV sitcoms , including "  Meet the Browns " and "  House of Payne . " Perry was at the complex Tuesday night but did not speak to reporters , CNN affiliate WSB reported . "  Mr. Perry wishes to express his heartfelt thanks to the Atlanta fire department for their professionalism in their quick response and limiting the damage , " the studio said . The multimillion-dollar studios sit on 60 acres and include five sound stages , a 5-acre pond , a theater , a chapel , a commissary , a gymnasium , Perry 's office , an art department where sets are designed , hair and makeup facilities , a wardrobe department , set decoration , a post-production facility and the backlot , according to the studio website . Perry 's credits include work as director , writer , producer , actor and playwright . Last year , Perry topped Forbes ' "  Entertainment 's Highest-Paid Men " list , raking in $ 130 million in 12 months beginning in May 2010 . CNN 's Alan Duke , Jane Caffrey , Joe Sutton and Justin Lear and HLN 's Mike Brooks contributed to this report .	NEW : "  Damage is limited to the backlot facade , " Tyler Perry Studios says NEW : Perry uses the facade to shoot city scenes for his movies , including the "  Madea " franchise NEW : Perry thanks Atlanta firefighters for their "  quick response and limiting the damage " Officials do not know what started the fire
CNN  -- An Omani yacht has made history by becoming the first Arabic yacht to cross the Atlantic Ocean during the KRYS Ocean Race . The competition , which features some of the world 's fastest multihull yachts , started in New York City on July 7 and finished in the French maritime city of Brest less than a week later where they were greeted by hundreds of spectators attending the Les Tonnerres de Brest Festival . The crew of the 70 feet trimaran "  Musandam-Oman Sail " managed to take the lead early on in the race and held their position at the front of the fleet for the first 24 hours , before being struck by bad luck . One of the boat 's foils - the wing-like structure that lifts the hull up out of the water and increases its speed -- snapped off , and for the remainder of the race the yacht could only sail at 70 % of its normal performance capacity . Despite this setback the crew managed to reach speeds up to 39 knots and finished the race in fourth place -- crossing the Atlantic in an impressive 5 days , 7 hours , 5 minutes and 38 seconds . See also : Is Middle East becoming international sailing capital "  It was a real challenge to finish once we had lost the foil , our speed dropped so much so we knew we had to do something drastic to fix it , " said Moshin Al Busaidi , the 37-year-old Omani sailor who shot to fame in 2009 when he became the first Arab to sail non-stop around the world in just 76 days . To stand a chance of finishing the race in a decent time the crew of the Omani yacht decided to try and move one of the working foils on the port side of the vessel to replace the broken one on the starboard side . Watch : Oman 's princess of the sea "  We gave ourselves one hour to try and fix the boat or we would have lost too much time , we did n't know if it would work but I am glad it did . We still do n't know how the foil broke but it is swimming with the fishes now , " he said . Al Busaidi , who had never sailed before joining the Sultan of Oman 's Navy as young man , was joined aboard the "  Musandam-Oman Sail " by his fellow 29-year-old countryman Fahad Al Hasni who has only been sailing for three years . Despite his limited experience , Al Hasni proved to be a very gifted helmsman . "  He made our MOD70 go demonstrably faster , " said British record-breaking sailor Brian Thompson who was part of the boat 's international crew . "  This was a major surprise for the rest of the crew . Fahad has only been sailing for three years but he has great control and the ability to concentrate for really long periods of time . " "  It was fantastic to discover this talent amongst us , " added the British multihull legend , who in April was a member of the fastest crew to race around the world . Both Al Busaidi and Al Hasni are part of the "  Oman Sail " project , which aims to encourage people across Omani society to take up the sport . In the past three years it has taught thousands of children how to sail and it is also helping to develop a women 's squad in an effort to boost Oman 's Olympic chances . See also : Abu Dhabi steps out of Dubai 's shadows After becoming the first Arab to sail around the world , Al Busaidi became a national hero in Oman and an ambassador for the "  Omani Sail " project . "  I am very proud of what I have achieved so far but it is important for me to give something back to the community , " said Al Busaidi , who is heading back to Oman for Ramadan before re-joining his crew for the summer 's European sailing tour . "  Sailing changed my life for the better so I try and lead the kids , to try and help them change their lives too . I love my country and I want to help make it better , " he added .	The "  Musandam-Oman Sail " yacht is the first Arab yacht to complete a transatlantic race In 2009 Moshin Al Busaidi became the first Arab to sail non-stop around the world The "  Musandam-Oman Sail " crew completed the race in just over five days The "  Omani Sail " project aims to train thousands of Omani youths in sailing
CNN  -- Two Minnesota state lawmakers said Friday that they have reached a deal to compensate victims of the Interstate 35 bridge collapse that killed 13 people in Minneapolis last year . Thirteen people were killed and dozens were injured in last year 's collapse in Minneapolis , Minnesota . State Sen. Ron Latz and state Rep. Ryan Winkler told CNN Radio that the deal totals $ 38 million and will be presented to the Legislature for approval . Latz said the deal would expedite compensation to victims who chose to take their portion of the settlement and waive their right to sue the state . The plan addresses a key sticking point in negotiations : preserving a state liability cap on awards to individual victims , Latz said . Winkler said victims will be able to collect up to $ 400,000 and people whose damages exceed $ 400,000 will be able to pull from a supplemental pool of more than $ 12 million . "  There are a 182 potential claimants out there , " Winkler said . "  There were 13 dead , and there were 12 catastrophic injury cases . " Gov. Tim Pawlenty said he would welcome the deal for survivors and relatives if the Legislature approves it . "  I look forward to signing this legislation into law , " Pawlenty said in a statement . "  It provides needed relief and support for victims and family members directly impacted by the I-35W bridge tragedy . I 'm pleased that Senator Latz , Representative Winkler , my office and others were able to work together to craft this legislation . " The bridge collapsed during afternoon rush hour August 1 , sending dozens of cars tumbling into the Mississippi River . Photos of the scene showed cars , trucks and a school bus lingering on the bridge 's uneven remnants . The National Transportation Safety Board is investigating why the bridge collapsed . In January , NTSB Chairman Mark Rosenker said investigators studying the bridge found that 16 gusset plates , which strengthen the junctions of steel beams , were fractured . The bad gussets were found at eight joints in the main center span . "  When one element began to fail , it 's like dominoes falling down , " Rosenker said . But he emphasized , "  We have not yet determined the probable cause of this accident . " The final report should be ready by the end of the year , he said . E-mail to a friend	Deal would expedite compensation for victims who waive right to sue the state The deal , which totals $ 38 million , is on its way to Legislature for approval Under proposed terms , victims can collect up to $ 400,000 Those with damages more than $ 400,000 can pull from supplemental pool
CNN  -- An earthquake in central Oklahoma prompted a few calls to the police but no apparent damage Saturday . The U.S. Geological Survey said the quake had a preliminary 4.5 magnitude to the quake and said it was centered near Jones , Oklahoma , 14 miles northeast of Oklahoma City . The shaking lasted 3 to 5 seconds at 12:15 p.m. Central Time , said Oklahoma City police Lt. Jason Samuel . He said a few people called the department to ask what happened . No damage had been reported . Samuel said the quake was strong enough to wake him from a nap at his home . He said it seemed stronger and longer-lasting that other earthquakes in the area in recent years . Oklahoma had a stronger earthquake -- 5.6 magnitude -- on November 5 , 2011 . Although damage was not widespread , it did buckle U.S. Highway 62 in Lincoln County . CNN 's David Simpson and Janet DiGiacomo contributed to this report .	Only a few calls to Oklahoma City police after 4.5 quake Stronger quake in 2011 buckled highway in Oklahoma
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- Rescuers were still finding survivors trapped in the ruins of collapsed buildings in earthquake-ravaged Haiti on Wednesday , and relief officials said efforts to get aid into the hands of survivors were improving . A magnitude 5.9 aftershock rattled Port-au-Prince early Wednesday , the strongest since the original 7.0-magnitude quake struck January 12 , the United States Geological Survey reported . Meanwhile , complaints about bottlenecks that have hindered the delivery of food , water and medicine to survivors persisted even as U.S. and U.N. officials said the effort has begun to make progress . "  There 's big success in getting things into the port , " said Steve Hollingworth , chief operating officer of CARE . "  The real challenge now is following through and having a series of successful distributions going on all over the country , and that 's a challenge for a lot of reasons . " Wednesday 's aftershock was centered about 35 miles  60 kilometers  west-southwest of Port-au-Prince , and about 6.2 miles  10 kilometers  deep , according to the USGS . Patients at a hospital near Haiti 's airport in the capital Port-au-Prince immediately started praying as the ground shook like a ship rocking back and forth . They asked for forgiveness and protection , a nurse there said . An aftershock that size can pose significant danger in an area where buildings already are damaged -- and one nonprofit organization , Save the Children , said its staff "  heard already-weakened structures collapsing " as a result of the aftershock . Engineering team heads to check buildings Haiti 's government put the confirmed death toll at more than 72,000 on Tuesday , with other estimates ranging as high as 200,000 . The confirmed toll already puts Haiti 's quake among the 10 deadliest of the last century , according to USGS figures . iReport : Search list for the missing and found But survivors were still being discovered in the rubble of homes and other buildings in Port-au-Prince . A 5-year-old boy named Monley was pulled alive from a collapsed home on Wednesday and was taken to a hospital to be treated for severe dehydration . His mother was killed and his father is missing , but doctors attributed Monley 's survival to resilience and the strength of his young body . Relatives found the boy in a void beneath the ruins of his house as they searched for his father , his uncle said . Four of the uncle 's friends helped pull the boy out as he cried out , over and over again , "  I 'm thirsty . " Others reported that the few signs of survivors in the wreckage of the Hotel Montana were fading Wednesday . Some faint knocking that had lasted until early Wednesday morning stopped after the latest tremor , rescuers on the scene said . The hotel , located in the more affluent suburb of Petionville , was popular with tourists and visiting officials . In all , international rescue teams totaling about 1,700 people have rescued 121 people , the United Nations said . But about 3 million people -- nearly a third of the Haitian population -- were still in need of food , water , shelter and medical assistance Wednesday , the United Nations estimated . The aid effort has frustrated some , with a few organizations charging that bottlenecks at the airport and mismanagement in other areas have hampered efforts to get help to the 2 million residents in Port-au-Prince who need it . "  It 's very frustrating that it takes so long to get as many supplies , doctors and hospitals that are needed , " John Holmes , the U.N. emergency relief coordinator , told CNN 's "  American Morning . " Are you there ? Share your images , video "  But again , I think we 're making progress , " Holmes said . "  I think there is a major issue here of people with those injuries who got infected wounds , who need operations , who are not getting as many as they can . That 's the major priority for the next few days . " But Hollingworth said the devastation in Haiti was "  so profound " that "  I 'm personally getting more and more concerned by the day . " "  This has been a major body blow to Haiti , and , you know , we 're in now the second week of the response , " he said . "  The international community really is mobilizing very quickly , but the devastation has been so profound here , and it 's hit in such critical areas for the country that I 'm getting worried . " Impact Your World A leading relief agency , Doctors Without Borders , has complained that the bottlenecks are costing lives . The group has blamed five deaths on the delays so far , telling reporters that flights carrying drugs , surgical supplies and dialysis machines have been diverted from Port-au-Prince to the neighboring Dominican Republic three times since Sunday , and injured at some sites may face a 10 - to 12-day wait for full treatment . More than 25 countries have contributed money , goods or people to the relief effort , while U.S. private donors have given more than $ 275 million . Among them were President Obama and first lady Michelle Obama , who contributed $ 15,000 to the Clinton Bush Haiti Fund . At least 11,000 U.S. troops are now in Haiti or on ships nearby , and the military said Wednesday that it plans to send an additional 4,000 sailors and Marines from the USS Nassau Amphibious Ready Group to Haiti . Full coverage | Twitter updates In an effort to open the flow of aid , Pentagon officials said they have obtained landing rights at the Dominican Republic 's air base at San Isidro , about 150 miles  241 kilometers  east of Port-au-Prince . In addition , Washington is dispatching a ship equipped with cranes that could get the port of Port-au-Prince back into operation "  within a week or two , perhaps , " Defense Secretary Robert Gates told reporters Wednesday during a visit to India . See the latest updates Canadian troops are working to open an airfield in the southern city of Jacmel by Thursday , Canadian Defense Minster Peter Mackay announced in a statement from Ottawa , Ontario , and two warships are landing supplies by sea . But while those efforts are being stepped up , scenes of desperation persisted around the capital . At the city 's municipal nursing home , where six people died , the remainder of the elderly patients were outside . Many suffer from terminal illnesses or dementia , and the only doctor treating them was a volunteer who showed up Tuesday , CNN 's Gary Tuchman reported . Watch how there is no plan to help the nursing home patients Some parts of the city were home to scenes of "  madness , " CNN 's Ivan Watson reported . At the port , thousands of people lined a wharf where they had been sleeping for days , desperate to catch a ferry that the government had promised would give free passage to another port 100 miles west of the capital . When the ferry appeared , they jumped into wooden rowboats , overloading them , and swarmed the ship , passing their children up and climbing aboard themselves . The owner told Watson the boat 's capacity was 600 . Many more tried to board for the trip , ignoring the fact that the boat held few life vests and fewer lifeboats . Watch as Haitian try to flee the devastation One ship that did arrive Wednesday was the American hospital ship USNS Comfort -- a seagoing , 1,000-bed hospital that could give a boost to overloaded hospitals and clinics . Capt. Andy Johnson , its medical operations director , said the Comfort expects to handle a minimum of 100 patients a day , the vast majority of them with orthopedic injuries suffered in collapsed buildings . The first two patients taken on board , flown to the ship before it reached Haitian waters , were a 6-year-old boy with a crushed pelvis and 20-year-old man with a broken skull and possibly fractured cervical vertebrae . Cmdr. Tim Donahue , the ship 's lead surgeon , said many of the staff have experience treating severe injuries among veterans of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan . "  They 're not shocked by what they 're seeing , " Donahue said . "  It 's very routine for them . " The ship carries 40 doctors , including 13 surgeons , and enough medical supplies to operate for 60 days . Its total medical staff of nearly 550 will be joined by another 350 people once the ship reaches Haiti , according to the U.S. Southern Command . More than a week after the devastating earthquake , efforts to get hospitals back into working shape were seeing some results , but the injured were still streaming in . Donahue said the number of people still emerging alive from collapsed buildings was surprising . "  We should n't expect to see people still around , " he said . "  It speaks to how resilient the human body is . " CNN 's Karl Penhaul , Alec Miran , Eric Marrapodi and Justine Redman contributed to this report .	U.S. military plans to send 4,000 additional U.S. service members to Haiti Aftershock rattles Haitians ; it 's strongest one since last week 's quake Death toll estimates range from 75,000 to 200,000 U.S. Hospital ship arrives , takes first patients
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Samina Rajput speaks in hushed tones about her husband , Asif , who was killed alongside former Pakistani Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto in the December 27 attack that convulsed the nation . Suicide bombings have killed 400 people and wounded nearly 1,000 others in the last three months . "  He always used to say ... ' I am ready to sacrifice my life for the party and my country , ' " Rajput says . She clings to a weathered book with newspaper clippings of her husband , a 28-year-old Bhutto supporter who had great political ambitions . He wanted a brighter and freer Pakistan , Rajput says , as she turns the delicate pages of the scrapbook . The clippings on the faded pages offer little comfort . But a picture of their wedding day less than two years ago , buried among the pages , makes her face light up somewhat . "  As the widow of a martyr , one has to keep dignity , and I will do this up to my last breath , " Rajput says , clasping her hands and rubbing them together . Suicide bombings like the attack that killed Bhutto and more than 20 of her supporters , including Asif , have intensified in recent months in Pakistan . Watch the devastating effects of bombings " On Thursday , a suicide bomber killed at least 23 people and injured more than 58 others outside a court in Lahore , police said . The attack brought to 20 the number of suicide attacks in Pakistan in the last three months , including a failed attack on Bhutto 's life in October . The bombings have killed close to 400 people and wounded nearly 1,000 others in the last three months , according to government officials . Pro-Taliban militants with ties to al Qaeda are carrying out the attacks , according to analysts and government officials . CNN terrorism analyst Peter Bergen says the number of suicide bombings in Pakistan has "  reached unprecedented levels in the past year . " Previously , Bergen says , such attacks were rare . "  The reason for this rise is because al Qaeda and the Pakistani Taliban have morphed together ideologically and tactically , and both see themselves at war with the Pakistani state , " Bergen says . "  Many of the suicide attacks have been aimed at Pakistani politicians , officials and soldiers . " Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf has vowed to fight militancy and religious extremism , going after Taliban and al Qaeda within the country . Pakistan 's ambassador to the United States , Mahmud Ali Durrani , recently told CNN that the Pakistani military is "  totally focused on destroying al Qaeda and the Taliban network and not just one person . " Still , the suicide bombers are succeeding , targeting political parties , rallies , military installations and anyone seen as a threat . Meanwhile , civilians are caught in the crossfire . "  They would like to destabilize our country , " Azhar Hamdani , who survived a July attack , says of suicide bombers . Clutching a walker , Hamdani recalls the blast that changed his life . On July 17 , 2007 , a suicide bomber targeted a rally for Pakistani Chief Justice Iftikhar Mohammed Chaudhry , who was stripped of power by Musharraf . The explosion killed at least 12 people and wounded 35 others in the capital , Islamabad . Hamdani remembers a strong blast throwing him several yards . When he regained consciousness , he was missing his left eye and his right leg was severely injured . "  My leg was totally damaged , " he says . "  My one left eye was damaged and I have several other injuries on my body . " But at the time of the blast , Hamdani was not focused on his own pain , he says , because he was surrounded by the bodies of his dead friends lying in pools of blood . The bombings , he says , must be stopped . "  I hope that we will succeed and , God willing , we will try to stop these bloody cowards , " he says . "  I do n't think they are Muslim . " "  Innocent people are suffering . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Wayne Drash contributed to this report .	19 suicide bombings have rocked Pakistan over the last three months Terror analyst : Number of attacks "  unprecedented " as Taliban , al Qaeda join forces Man wounded in attack says "  bloody cowards " must be stopped
United Nations  CNN  -- The United Nations Security Council in New York held an emergency session Thursday to discuss and condemn widespread rapes in eastern Congo , while the U.S. ambassador to the U.N. said she was troubled by a briefing on the attacks . "  We are horrified , and we are outraged , and that led us , in conjunction with the French , to request this detailed briefing this morning , " said Susan Rice , the U.S. ambassador to the U.N. , on Thursday . "  It was a disturbing briefing , both for what we learned and what we do n't know still . " The United Nations peacekeeping mission in eastern Congo was aware that Rwandan rebels were occupying villages in the region in late July and early August , but did not know of reports that the rebels were raping women in those villages , U.N. officials said this week . Nearly 200 women were gang-raped by hundreds of Rwandan and Congolese rebels , humanitarian officials said . Roger Meece , a representative for U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon , said the United Nations was alerted to rebel activity in the area but was not notified of the mass rapes . "  There was no particular question of an attack , much less the kind of events like mass rape , " Meece said Wednesday . But a senior United Nations official said Thursday that the U.N. was to blame for the incident and that the organization should leave the Congo if it could not protect civilians . "  We are guilty of a conspiracy of silence , " said the official , who spoke on the condition of anonymity because he is a current member of the peacekeeping mission in Congo and is under orders not to criticize the U.N. publicly . "  If we ca n't help civilians , there is no point in being here . " "  These things happen all the time . It may not be 180 , it may be 10 , but it happens all the time , " the official said . "  Our colleagues are part of the problem -- it 's pretty bad . " "  They take it for granted , that people in Congo just have to suffer , " the official continued . "  Some of the people in our hierarchy keep saying ` it 's not going to change ' ... They just seem apathetic . It is very rare to meet anyone who wants to make a difference . " The United Nations did not reply to requests for comment on allegations Thursday evening . U.N. officials said that an e-mail warning of rebel activities was sent to U.N. and other staff working in the area . Madnoje Mounoubai , a spokesman for the U.N. peacekeeping mission in eastern Congo -- known by the acronym MONUSCO -- said the U.N. was first alerted to the rapes by humanitarian organizations on August 12 . The U.N. , which maintains a number of peacekeeping bases in the region , made its first public comments on the attacks Monday . But the account of the delay was disputed by the International Medical Corps , a non-governmental organization that operates in the region . IMC spokeswoman Margaret Aguirre told CNN that her group informed the U.N. 's Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs about the rapes on August 6 , a day after IMC representatives had visited the affected villages . Rice said that she and the French ambassador asked many questions about the situation on Thursday . "  I just want to take this opportunity to reiterate from the U.S. point of view our strongest possible condemnation of the rapes and attacks that occurred against scores of innocent civilians , " she said after the briefing . Vitaly Churkin , of the Russian Federation and this month 's Security Council president , said Thursday , "  The members of the Security Council reiterated their demand that all parties with the armed conflict immediately cease completely all forms of sexual violence and all human rights abuses against the civilian population of the Democratic Republic of the Congo , including gender-based violence including rape and other forms of sexual abuse . " According to humanitarian organizations , rebels raided a network of villages in North Kivu province between July 30 and August 3 and raped 179 women . Many of them were gang-raped individually by between two to six men . A U.N. peacekeeper military base was within 30 kilometers  about 19 miles  of the general area of the attacks , in the town of Kibua . "  We had regular patrols in this area during that period , " Mounoubai told CNN by phone from Kinshasa Wednesday . "  Unfortunately , the villagers and the local authorities never brought this issue to our knowledge . If we are not informed , it will be difficult for us to know , " he added . Giorgio Trombatore , director for the International Medical Corps in the Congo , said he was among the first group of people to visit the site of the attacks . "  Two hundred to 400 armed men systematically pillaged and raped women in the villages , " Trombatore said . "  The rebels entered , tried to calm the population down by telling them they came for food and rest , and so -LSB- they -RSB- should n't flee , " he said . "  Another group came at night and it was then they started harassing the population . " Armed men often raped the women in front of their children and husbands , IMC said in a news release . "  Large numbers of women reported being physically beaten before the sexual assaults , and some reported abuse of babies who were forcibly removed from their arms . The perpetrators simultaneously pillaged the entire village and smaller neighboring villages , before leaving . " During the four-day attack across 16 villages , according to the U.N. , rebels from the Democratic Forces for the Liberation of Rwanda , as well as militiamen from the notorious Mai Mai movement , also looted villages . An earlier report said three peacekeepers were killed and seven others were wounded , but those deaths and injuries stemmed from a previous incident . Ban said Tuesday he was "  outraged " by the attacks . "  This is another grave example of both the level of sexual violence and the insecurity that continue to plague the DRC , " Ban said in a statement . He has dispatched a senior representative -- Atul Khare , his assistant secretary-general for peacekeeping operations -- to the affected areas in and around Walikale , the epicenter of the rapes , to meet with victims . Margot Wallstrom , the secretary-general 's special representative on sexual violence , was expected to stop in Goma , the capital of North Kivu province , before going on to visit Walikale . Churkin , the Security Council president , said the council welcomed the secretary-general 's decision to dispatch a special representative to consult with authorities in Congo . That representative , Churkin said , would dig for facts about the rapes and assess what more could be done to ensure effective protection of civilians . In Washington , State Department Secretary Hillary Clinton said Wednesday she was "  deeply concerned " by the reports . "  The United States has repeatedly condemned the epidemic of sexual violence in conflict zones around the world , and we will continue to speak out on this issue for those who can not speak for themselves , " she said in a statement . "  The United States will do everything we can to work with the U.N. and the DRC government to hold the perpetrators of these acts accountable , and to create a safe environment for women , girls and all civilians living in the eastern Congo . " Ban has called on Congolese authorities to investigate the rapes and bring the perpetrators to justice , and for the government to step up its efforts to ensure civilian security . Officials with MONUSCO will hold an internal staff meeting between the civilian and military departments Thursday in Goma . The Democratic Republic of the Congo was ranked as the fifth-worst failed state in the world in a 2010 listing created by the Fund for Peace and Foreign Policy Magazine . Journalist Josh Kron contributed to this report .	NEW : Top U.N. official : "  We are guilty of a conspiracy of silence " U.S. ambassador to U.N. : "  We are horrified ; we are outraged " Rebels raped nearly 200 women in four days in eastern Congo United Nations says it was alerted to rebel activity but was not aware of the mass rapes
CNN  -- Iran is to send a female skier to the Winter Olympics for the first time at next year 's Games in Vancouver , Canada , the head of the Islamic Republic 's ski federation told state media Monday . Fatemeh Kiadarbandsari , competing at last month 's World Ski Championships , in France . The chosen competitor will ski in "  full Islamic dress , " Iran 's National News Agency reported . Three women Fatemeh Kiadarbandsari , Mitra Kalhor and Marjan Kalhor are vying for the place on the national team alongside three male skiers , said Iranian Ski Federation head Isa Saveh-Shemshaki . Trials for the team will be held in December , two months ahead of the event . Iran has sent male athletes to every Winter Games since 1956 . Skiing is hugely popular in Iran with some of the region 's best slopes in the Zagros Mountains just a two-hour drive from the country 's capital Tehran . At weekends during the seven-month ski season it is common to see long queues of traffic on routes to resorts . With a growing ski tourism industry , the price of the sport has steadily increased . But with fewer social restrictions on the pistes than in other areas of Iranian life , the sport remains a popular pursuit for the country 's youth . Until recently , many slopes were strictly segregated with men and women skiing on different sides of the mountain . But while it is still illegal to travel in the same chair lift or gondola , the country 's strict religious laws are visibly more lax at 3,000 meters . Iran took just three women among 53 athletes to last year 's Beijing Olympics but the choice of 19-year-old female rower Homa Hosseini to carry the flag during the opening ceremony infuriated strict Islamists . Current president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , who faces an election this year , was forced to back down from an initiative ealry in his current term to encourage female participation in sport because of criticism from the country 's religious leaders . One mullah reportedly said that women should not ski because the movement of their knees looked "  more like dancing than sport . "	Iran set to send female athlete to next year 's Winter Olympics for the first time One female skier , three male skiers will be selected for Iranian Olympic team Skiing is hugely popular in Iran with resorts just a two-hour drive from Tehran Male , female skiers allowed to share slopes though not chair lifts , gondolas
CNN  -- Bao Bao did a no-no and the shock sent her scrambling up a tree . The giant panda cub at the Smithsonian 's National Zoo in Washington , D.C. touched a "  hot wire " in her yard , part of a warning system used by the zoo to show animals their boundaries , the zoo said . The shocking experience sent Bao Bao  pronounced bow-BOW  up a tree Tuesday afternoon . The 16-month-old cub climbed to a limb where she felt safe and was still perched there on Wednesday , visible on the zoo 's livestream cam . After the gentle shock , zookeepers gave the cub 's mother , Mei Xiang , access to the outdoor yard , and she spent the night keeping an eye on Bao Bao , "  a likely scenario for a mother panda to stay with her cub in the wild , " the zoo said on its Facebook page . A zookeeper also spent the night in the panda house "  just in case they decided to come inside , " the zoo said . The jolt is a part of life for growing animals in the zoo . "  This is a safe warning system used by zoos for containment , " the National Zoo said . "  Bao Bao is perfectly fine and like all Zoo animals , she is still learning the boundaries of her habitat . " Many people commented about the event on the zoo 's Facebook page . "  What amazed me is the deep concern of Mei Xiang , pacing throughout the yard and sleeping near her little one in the night rain , barely eating inside today , persistently pacing the yard and checking on BB . Her bond with and care for BB is quintessential momma bear . Hope her anxiety and restlessness can be alleviated soon , " Heather S. Sonntag wrote . Wrote Chris Nielsen Berg : "  Sounds like life with teenagers , who test the limits , stay out all night , and cause their parents no end of worry ! " The zoo reassured the world that the cub will return to the ground , sooner or later . "  The staff are adjusting the pandas ' routine today and are confident that Bao Bao will come down when she is ready , " the zoo said . The cub 's name means "  precious treasure " in Mandarin .	Bao Bao finds a "  hot wire " in her yard , designed to show animals their boundaries 16-month-old giant panda cub climbs a tree and is still there , according to a live cam Zookeepers allow her mother into the yard , where she spends the night pacing Bao Bao is "  perfectly fine " and will climb down when she 's ready , zoo says
CNN  -- Iran 's vice president has warned that the country could block the Strait of Hormuz if sanctions are imposed on its exports of crude oil . What does the threat mean and what is likely to happen next ? What is the Strait of Hormuz used for ? It is one of the most important strategic chokepoints in the world , a narrow  34 miles wide  strip of water through which more than 15 million barrels of oil a day passed  through the Strait  in 2009 , according to the U.S. Energy Information Agency . That 's about a third of all oil shipped by sea worldwide . Shutting off the Strait would be disastrous for the world economy , causing oil prices to skyrocket . Have there been previous incidents of heightened tension ? Iran has threatened several times previously to close the Strait but it has never carried through with it . Doing that would be shooting itself in the foot as almost 80 % of its revenues come from the oil industry . Iran is the world 's fourth-largest oil producer . Much of the oil that is shipped through the Strait of Hormuz goes to China , a crucial customer for Iran . Why Strait of Hormuz matters Iran attacked ships in the Gulf during the 1980s in an attempt to cut off Iraq 's oil exports when those two countries were at war . The impact on prices was minimal however after foreign navies began escorting oil tankers through the Strait . Is the latest escalation serious ? Or is it saber-rattling ? Is it related to the dispute between the West and Iran over the nuclear issue ? The latest threat to close the Strait , according to experts and U.S. administration officials , appears to be an attempt by Iran to intimidate the U.S. , and specifically President Barack Obama , not to proceed with tough new sanctions that could target Iran 's oil industry and its oil exports as well as companies that do business with Iran 's Central Bank . Those sanctions are aimed at forcing Iran to curtail its nuclear program , over which Iran and the West have been sparring for many years . Iran says its uranium enriching activities are for peaceful purposes , but many Western governments suspect they are intended to produce a weapon . How could Iran disrupt shipping if it wanted to ? Does it have the naval capability or would it use other means ? Matthew Kroenig at the Council on Foreign Relations , formerly an Iran expert at the Pentagon , tells CNN "  Iran  could try to close the Strait of Hormuz . What that would mean , though , is physically closing the strait militarily . That would be their only option . So it means laying mines and physically attacking ships coming through the Strait . I think any U.S. president would be forced to respond to that and to open the Strait ; that would also mean military action against Iran so an Iranian attempt to close the straits could mean war . " How would the international community react if they did carry out the threat ? The international community will not allow the Strait to be closed . It is too important . Many experts say Iran would only have limited success in blocking the Strait for an extended period of time as many governments maintain a naval presence in the region , notably the United States . Dangerous mix : Iranian oil and U.S. sanctions A senior U.S. administration official , speaking on background because of the sensitivity of the issue , told CNN : "  We 've been committed to Gulf security for decades and it should come as no surprise to anyone that we 'll do what we must to ensure the Strait remains open . " What effect is the tension having on oil supply and price ? Prices initially spiked , then dropped back . But the prospect of conflict continues to make markets nervous . "  We are in a situation where there is essentially no communication between the Iranian government and the U.S. government , " Trita Parsi , president of the National Iranian American Council , told CNN Monday after reports said Iranian military forces confronted a Western helicopter near the Strait . "  It is very worrisome . " Investment bank Merrill Lynch predicts a $ 40 rise in oil prices if the country 's 2.2 million barrels day of crude are shut off completely . What is likely to happen next ? The most likely outcome is more saber-rattling . But experts say there is a danger of miscalculation by Iran , which has been increasingly provocative and unpredictable . Witness the alleged plot to assassinate the Saudi ambassador in the U.S. , a claim that Iran denies .	Iran warns it could block Strait of Hormuz if sanctions are imposed on crude oil exports Strait is important strategic chokepoints ; third of all oil shipped worldwide passes through Iran has threatened several times to close the Strait but it has never carried through with it U.S. says "  we 'll do what we must " to keep Strait open ; prospect of conflict unnerves markets
CNN  -- Shall I compare thee , Twinkie , to a sunny day ? Thou art more lovely and flavorful than a Ring Ding or a Devil Dog . No , actually this article will not be a Shakespearean-inspired sonnet to a Twinkie . In fact , to paraphrase a more appropriate Shakespearean passage : "  I come to bury Twinkie , not to praise it . " On Friday , Twinkie producer Hostess Brands Inc. announced it would be closing down , thus ending its product line . The response to this snack apocalypse was swift . Facebook and Twitter were filled with comments bemoaning the loss of this creme-filled sponge cake . Eulogies appeared in publications across the country . People began to hoard Twinkies , leaving store shelves once lined with Twinkies bare . And with the supply in stores dwindling , some took to eBay to purchase them .  As if there were n't hundreds of other high-calorie , chemically colored , obese-inducing snack cakes you could consume . There appears to be no end to the mass mourning for this snack cake so closely associated with our childhoods . It was as if the loss of Twinkies was somehow going to erase our fondest childhood memories . But here 's my question : Where were you when Hostess needed you ? Such as any day before they announced its closing . Before Friday , you could have easily bought Twinkies , Ding Dongs , Yodels , Sno Balls , Suzy Q 's or any other Hostess treat . But you were n't there for them then . The company 's sales dropped , and with rising costs , Hostess had to file for bankruptcy . Not once , but twice : In 2004 and again in 2012 . Hostess has lost $ 250 million over the last three years and is saddled with more than $ 850 million in debt . Nope , you were n't there for them then . And neither was I . Why ? Because millions of us began to realize that junk food was not good for us . So in a desperate effort to live forever -- or at least a little longer -- many of us began to cut Twinkies , and foods like it , out of our diets . True , Twinkies offered a tasty treat , but it also offered other things , such as 300 calories per package of two , nine grams of fat and 37 other ingredients ranging from high fructose corn syrup to chemicals that I never heard of . And then there 's the even more insidious Ding Dong -- they 're even higher in fat and calories than Twinkies at 368 calories a serving and a whopping 19.4 grams of fat , which represents 30 % of the total fat nutritionists recommend we consume in a day . The upside to these chemicals is that Twinkies never seem to grow old -- they 're the Dorian Gray of snack foods . They can likely be bequeathed to your grandkids and look the same as the day you bought them . But before anyone becomes truly depressed over Twinkies ' fate , keep in mind that Twinkies will never really disappear -- and not just because of preservatives . On Monday , Hostess Brands Inc. announced it will enter into mediation with the striking Baker 's Union , which offers a little hope that the company might be saved . And there is always a chance that another company will buy the rights to produce Twinkies if Hostess does indeed close . But even if you are never be able to consume a Twinkie again , Twinkies will live forever in pop culture . Twinkies have appeared in movies for years from "  Ghostbusters " to animated films such as "  WALL-E " to "  Zoombieland , " where Woody Harrelson 's character searched , prophetically , for the last box of Twinkies . iReport : Is this my last Twinkie ever ? While you may not be able to consume them , Twinkies will live forever in pop culture . Twinkies have appeared in movies for years from "  Ghostbusters " to animated films such as "  WALL-E " to "  Zoombieland , " where Woody Harrelson 's character searched , prophetically , for the last box of Twinkies . Twinkies will even live in the annals of criminal justice , thanks to the famed "  Twinkie defense . " Dan White shot and killed San Francisco Mayor George Moscone and City Supervisor and gay activist Harvey Milk in 1978 . At White 's trial , his attorneys argued that his diet of sugary snack foods , such as Twinkies , had damaged his mental capacity . White was found not guilty of murder , but of the lesser charge of manslaughter . So Twinkies are immortal . But there is one real loss in the closing of Hostess that should evoke sympathy . It 's not the possible end of Hostess ' Ho Hos or even its oh-so-soft and white Wonder Bread . It 's the 18,500 Hostess employees who are out of work . It 's obviously never good to have your job end with no warning -- it 's even worse when that happens in a challenging economy such as ours and right before the holiday season . But as we close the book on Twinkies , we can all take some solace in the fact that they had a great 82-year run . It makes me think of the words of Shakespeare : "  Parting is such sweet sorrow . " Although on a calorie-by-calorie basis , I think Twinkies might actually be sweeter . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Dean Obeidallah .	Dean Obeidallah : Hostess might shut down and prove Twinkies are n't really indestructible The chemical-stuffed snack inspires nostalgia , he says , but who eats them now ? Obeidallah : We rejected junk food and stopped buying Twinkies , Ding Dongs Still , the Twinkie will live on in pop culture and had a good 82-year run , he writes
Washington  CNN  -- China said Saturday it had suspended military exchanges with the United States over Washington 's $ 6.4-billion arms deal with Taiwan , the territory that Beijing claims as its own . China 's Defense Ministry said the decision to halt visits between the Chinese and U.S. armed forces was made "  in consideration of the serious harm and impacts on Sino-U.S. military relations " brought about by the arms deal , according to a report on the state-run Xinhua news agency . Xinhua did not immediately provide further details on the visits . "  China will make further judgments as appropriate , " the agency reported . China had already complained to the United States about the deal , announced Friday by the Obama administration . Chinese Vice Foreign Minister He Yafei called it a "  rude interference in China 's internal affairs , severely endangering China 's national security " and said China expressed its "  strong indignation . " The arms sale includes 60 Black Hawk helicopters , totaling $ 3.1 billion ; 114 advanced Patriot air defense missiles ; a pair of Osprey mine-hunting ships ; and dozens of advanced communications systems . The deal with Taiwan -- which neither China nor the United States recognizes as a sovereign nation -- does not include F-16 fighter jets , which China has vehemently opposed . The State Department described the latest round of arms sales to Taiwan as a way to guarantee security and stability , despite China 's objections . "  This is a clear demonstration of the commitment this administration has to provide Taiwan with defensive weapons it needs and as provided for in the Taiwan Relations Act , " State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley said Friday . He said the action is consistent with Washington 's "  one-China " policy and will help maintain security and stability across the Taiwan Strait . The arms sales come as the United States is hoping to persuade China to sign on to harsher sanctions against Iran and just after Secretary of State Hillary Clinton criticized China for its policies relating to the Internet . Crowley would not speak directly about the timing of the announcement of the sales , and about the fact that the arms package does not include F-16s . A senior U.S. official said later that the United States expected Chinese criticism of the arms deal , but does not expect permanent damage . The official said he believed Clinton had discussed the sale in London with her Chinese counterpart on the sidelines of Thursday 's international conference on Afghanistan . "  This relationship between the United States and China is broad , it 's deep . There are a large number of issues . We do n't see eye to eye with them and we have to have and do have the ability to speak honestly , " the official said . The arms deal is the latest chapter in a decades-long uneasy standoff . China claims Taiwan is its own territory and has threatened to invade if Taiwan ever declares independence . The United States has said it will defend Taiwan if China ever attacks . The government in Taiwan began as the remnant of the government that ruled over mainland China until a Communist insurrection proved victorious in 1949 . With the Communist takeover of mainland China , the losing faction fled to the island of Taiwan . Taiwan is formally known as the Republic of China , while Communist China 's official name is People 's Republic of China . Many Western nations and the United Nations recognized Taiwan as the legitimate Chinese government until the 1970s .	China suspends military exchanges with U.S. over $ 6.4 B arms deal with Taiwan Sale includes 60 Black Hawk helicopters , 114 air defense missiles , mine-hunting ships China says it "  is strongly dissatisfied " with arms sales to Taiwan by the United States State Department says arms sales guarantee security and stability "  across Taiwan strait "
CNN  -- Lance Armstrong , seven-time winner of the Tour de France , on Thursday announced he would no longer contest charges that he doped his way to victory . The 40-year-old legendary cyclist still maintains he 's innocent . Here are five key questions and answers to help you better understand the complicated development in a longstanding controversy involving one of the most achieving endurance athletes of all time : 1 . What has Armstrong been accused of and what does he say ? The United States Anti-Doping Agency charged Armstrong with doping and trafficking of performance-enhancing drugs . Several members of Armstrong 's former team also were charged . Armstrong vehemently maintains that he has never doped and that he has never failed a drug test . He accused the USADA of pursuing an "  unconstitutional witch hunt " against him and he maintained the USADA does not have the right to prosecute him . On Monday , a U.S. Federal Court ruled against the cyclist . The cyclist explained Thursday that he would no longer fight the charges , saying that the ongoing battle had taken a toll on him personally and on his family . Read Armstrong 's statement in full on his site . 2 . What does Armstrong 's decision not to contest USADA 's charges mean ? The U.S. Anti-Doping Agency is the body responsible for monitoring drug testing for U.S. Olympic and Paralympic sports for athletes in and out of active competition . USADA says Armstrong 's decision not to contest the charges means there will be no hearing on the actual charges and as a result he will receive "  a lifetime period of ineligibility and disqualification of all competitive results from August 1 , 1998 , through the present . " What 's behind the Armstrong headlines ? 3 . What about Armstrong 's record seven Tour de France titles ? Right now it 's unclear what this will mean for the seven wins . USADA says that Armstrong will be "  disqualified from any and all competitive results obtained " since August 1 , 1998 . USADA says that Armstrong will be stripped of seven Tour titles , all of his other titles and the bronze medal he won at the 2000 Olympics . Travis Tygart , USADA 's CEO , told the New York Times that it also means that Armstrong can not coach or have any "  official role " with any Olympic sport or other sport that adheres to the World Anti-Doping Code . However , the International Cycling Union , based in Switzerland , the world governing body for cycling , said Friday that it will not act until it hears directly from USADA , suggesting it wants to see more details on the case . It 's unclear if USADA has the power to "  strip " Armstrong of his Tour de France titles or if that jurisdiction lies with the UCI . Officials with the Tour de France are waiting before they comment on Armstrong 's case , the Washington Post reports . On his site , Armstrong wrote : USADA can not assert control of a professional international sport and attempt to strip my seven Tour de France titles . I know who won those seven Tours , my teammates know who won those seven Tours , and everyone I competed against knows who won those seven Tours . Cyclists say ` good riddance ' to Armstrong 4 . Where does this leave the sport of cycling ? There have been numerous other allegations of doping against cyclists . The Internet magazine Slate recently examined how many cyclists dope compared with other athletes . Tour de France winners Floyd Landis and Alberto Contador were involved in doping cases and had their Tour titles taken . Landis accused Armstrong of doping , prompting Armstrong to fire back that Landis was a liar and had no credibility . Just last month , a French Tour de France cyclist was suspended while an investigation into doping could take place . In Armstrong 's case , USADA said it had numerous witnesses ready to testify at a hearing that Armstrong had indeed doped . Those witnesses include some of his teammates , such as Tyler Hamilton and George Hincapie , legends in cycling . Hamilton told CBS 's "  60 Minutes " in May that he helped Armstrong dope . Hamilton 's credibility has been questioned because he himself doped , and has been stripped of a 2004 Olympic time trial gold medal . 5 . What does this mean for Armstrong 's legacy ? Armstrong is famous for his work on behalf of cancer research under his Livestrong Foundation which he says has raised $ 500 million . The foundation will turn 15 in October . An online petition has popped up to rally for Armstrong . Nike , which has a contract with Armstrong , announced Friday that it will stand behind the athlete . Anheuser-Busch also said it 's supporting the pitchman of its Michelob-Ultra brew . Though many others feel that fans who believe he did dope should n't forgive him . Armstrong 's cancer foundation still strong Only time will tell whether Armstrong will remembered for all the good he has done or whether , as some believe , he cheated his way to victory . ESPN 's Darren Rovell contemplated how tough it will be for many to decide what they think of Armstrong . Rovell retweeted a picture of one angry fan 's take on Livestrong 's iconic yellow bracelet .	In question is whether USADA can strip Armstrong of his 7 Tour de France titles Armstrong says they ca n't ; global cycling governing body wants more info Armstrong has announced he will not contest USADA charges that he doped The 40-year-old legendary cyclist still maintains he 's innocent
Los Angeles  CNN  The search for a rookie Los Angeles Police Department officer suspected of homicide has expanded into an international manhunt , focused on the border cities of El Paso , Texas , and Ciudad Juarez , Mexico . The FBI said Friday it believes AWOL policeman Henry Solis is armed and dangerous and drove 800 miles across the desert from Southern California to El Paso with his father in a pickup a week ago . The FBI is offering $ 25,000 for information leading directly to the arrest of Solis in connection with the death of Salome Rodriguez , 23 , who died after a fight between the men in a downtown Pomona , California , bar . "  The pattern suggests he crossed into Mexico , but he has family and friends living in El Paso and Ciudad Juarez , " said Scott Garriola , special FBI agent who runs the fugitive task force from the Los Angeles Bureau . "  So he could be on either side of the border . " "  It 's a quick bus ride from the interior of Mexico to other parts of the country and Central America . " The FBI , Pomona Police and Los Angeles County District Attorney declined to comment on whether Victor Solis might face charges for allegedly helping his son flee to El Paso . Garriola said Solis is a veteran of the Marines and "  he has extensive training and weapons " understanding . Authorities posted three photos of Solis , with and without facial hair , and said he may now have a full beard . Police said after the early morning bar fight Solis pursued his victim on foot in the nightclub district and shot him multiple times . Garriola said Solis then reportedly called his father in Lancaster , California , and later that morning they began the trek to El Paso . Victor Solis said he dropped off his son at a bus stop in El Paso and his son made some incriminating statements "  not only about his actions that day but also that he would never be seen again , " Garriola said . Henry Solis worked in the Devonshire Division of the San Fernando Valley , where he rode with a training officer . Earlier this week , LAPD Chief Charlie Beck fired Solis and appealed for him to give up . "  You have dishonored this police department , your country and your service to your country , " Beck said . Marine Corps records say Solis served in Iraq from April to November 2007 , earning several medals , including for the Iraq campaign , global war on terrorism service and Marine Corps good conduct . The personnel file also shows Solis was an aircraft maintenance technician and a security guard . Garriola said he was confident Solis will be caught , and said he shared Beck 's opinion of Solis . "  It 's a brother law enforcement officer , he served our country , we echo that same indignation . "	FBI says it believes AWOL rookie policeman Henry Solis is armed and dangerous He is accused of shooting a man after a fight in a Pomona , California , bar
Buenos Aires  CNN  -- It 's been nearly 30 years since British and Argentinian troops fought over the Falkland Islands , but politicians from both countries are ratcheting up their rhetoric over the British-controlled territory . The ideological battle comes as Prince William is scheduled to begin a Royal Air Force tour of duty there next month -- a move which has drawn more attention to the islands at a time when Argentinian officials are increasingly criticizing the British presence in the area . "  They are preying on our natural resources , our oil , our fish , " Argentinian President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner said Wednesday . British Prime Minister David Cameron has offered a different take , criticizing Argentinian officials for their renewed claims to the island . "  We support the Falklands ' right to self determination , and what the Argentinians have been saying recently I would argue is actually far more like colonialism , because these people want to remain British , and the Argentinians want them to do something else , " he told lawmakers last week . The islands have been under British rule since 1833 . Argentina invaded the Falklands in 1982 , prompting a war in which more than 600 Argentinian and 255 British troops died . After the war , the United Kingdom retained control of the islands , which are off Argentina 's coast in the South Atlantic . About 2,500 residents live on the islands , in addition to 1,700 people stationed at the British military 's Mount Pleasant Complex there , according to the islands ' government website . Fernandez has recently emphasized her country 's claim to the territory , saying she wants British officials to enter into talks with Argentina over the islands , which are known as the Malvinas in Argentina . Cameron 's comments about colonialism have roiled Argentinian politicians and protesters alike . Demonstrators marching outside the British Embassy in Buenos Aires this month burned British flags and urged Argentina to sever ties with the United Kingdom . The foreign relations committee of Argentina 's Senate is scheduled to hold a meeting Thursday to draft a resolution condemning Cameron 's remarks , the state-run Telam news agency reported . Fernandez has won over several neighboring countries . Last month , members of the Mercosur trade bloc -- which includes Argentina , Brazil , Uruguay and Paraguay -- said they would stop ships bearing the Falkland Islands flag from entering their ports . That move angered British officials . "  It is unacceptable to engage in an economic blockade of the Falklands . Mercosur should take the responsible decision and not do this , " UK Foreign Office Minister Jeremy Browne said . Fernandez thanked Argentina 's allies for their support . "  The Malvinas are not an Argentine cause , but a global cause , " she said . Prince William will be one of four Royal Air Force pilots to be sent to the Falkland Islands military base next month , the British Ministry of Defence said in November . The Duke of Cambridge , who is qualified as a search and rescue pilot , has been flying Sea King helicopters for the Royal Air Force from a base in Anglesey , Wales . CNN 's Jose Manuel Rodriguez , Max Foster , Claudia Dominguez and Antonia Mortensen contributed to this report .	President Fernandez says the British are "  preying " on Argentina 's natural resources Prime Minister Cameron says Argentina 's position "  is actually far more like colonialism " His comments have roiled Argentinian politicians and protesters Prince William is scheduled to begin a Royal Air Force tour of duty there next month
A Catholic website has posted a gruesome video , claiming it shows Syrian rebels beheading a monk . Catholic Online -- a news and information outlet -- put the video on its website Monday . It shows the slaughtering of three people in northern Syria 's Idlib province . The site says one of the three is Father Francois Murad . Read more : Plight of child brides in Syria Those carrying out the acts "  speak Arabic with a broken accent , saying that through this act , they are applying the law of God , " Catholic Online says . People in the crowd appear to be taking videos of the executioners . "  It is very important the world knows that Christians are being murdered for their faith , and that martyrdom is n't an ancient phenomenon , " Catholic Online said in a report Monday . "  This should make it clear to Christians around the world what jihadists are about . Make no mistake . Catholics and Christians around the globe are under dire threat , particularly from the spread of militant Islam . Until the threat is recognized and taken seriously , martyrdoms like this will continue . " Read more : Angelina Jolie turns spotlight on Syria A Vatican spokesman said he was not aware of any video showing the execution of the monk , whose death the Vatican announced last week . The office of the Custodians of the Holy Sepulchre in Jerusalem said to its knowledge there is no such video . Catholic Online cites local sources linking the militants who killed the monk to Jabhat al-Nusra , an Islamist rebel group regarded as a terrorist entity by the United States . "  The video CLEARLY depicts the beheadings of these victims , " Catholic Online said . "  DO NOT follow the link unless you are over the age of 18 , and are prepared to view content of this nature . " The images renew the daily fears of Christians in the Middle East . They have had a longtime presence in the region and have faced violence , persecution and displacement in recent years . Read more : Returning to Syria 's ghost town Christians in Syria have been caught in the crossfire of the country 's civil war , in which a government dominated by minority Alawite Muslims is squaring off with a rebellion dominated by Sunni Muslims . They 've also faced hostility in other places , such as Iraq during the war last decade and in Egypt in recent years . Last week , the Vatican noted the monk 's death in a news release , saying it occurred June 23 in Gassanieh -- a predominantly Christian village in the district of Jisr al-Shughur in the province of Idlib , near the border with Turkey . "  The village had been under attack from Islamist rebels for the past few weeks , forcing the majority of the population to flee , " the Vatican said , citing the Rev. Pierbattista Pizzaballa , head of all Franciscans in the Holy Land . "  When Fr . Francois tried to oppose resistance to defend the nuns and other people , the guerrillas shot him , killing him , " it said . The violence in Syria since March 2011 has been well-recorded in homemade videos that have surfaced daily . Constant examples of brutality by President Bashar al-Assad 's forces have emerged . Over the past year , there also have been a growing number of images showing rebel brutality . More than 100,000 people have been killed in the conflict , which began as peaceful opposition to the al-Assad regime . As the regime cracked down on the protesters , the conflict morphed into a full-blown civil war .	Catholic Online : "  Martyrdom is n't an ancient phenomenon " Christians have been caught in the Syrian civil war 's crossfire Sources say the militants are linked to Jabhat al-Nusra , Catholic Online says
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- The American commandos who died when their helicopter crashed in eastern Afghanistan were targeting a Taliban commander directly responsible for attacks on U.S. troops , military officials with knowledge of the operation said Sunday . The crash killed 30 U.S. service members , the Afghan war 's worst single-day American toll . Among the dead were 22 Navy SEALs who were being flown in to assist an Army Rangers unit pinned down by enemy fire in restive Wardak province early Saturday morning . The current whereabouts of the Taliban leader targeted in the raid were unclear , said the military officials , who declined to be identified because of the sensitivity of ongoing operations in the crash area . One civilian translator and seven Afghan commandos were also killed in the crash , officials said . NATO troops were still combing through the wreckage of the downed helicopter on Sunday , said Lt. Col. Jimmie Cummings , a spokesman for the International Security Assistance Force in Afghanistan . "  They 're just trying to recover everything from the crash at this point , " Cummings said . Elsewhere , four other NATO soldiers were killed in separate insurgent attacks on Sunday . Two were killed in the country 's volatile east , while another two service members died in southern Afghanistan , NATO reported . Their deaths add to a heavy blow against American military operations in the region just as NATO troops are drawing down and a handover to Afghan security forces is under way . The majority of the SEALs -- considered to be among America 's most elite warriors -- belonged to the same covert unit that conducted the May raid that killed Osama bin Laden , though they were not the same men , a U.S. military official said . The Taliban has taken responsibility for the attack , claiming to have downed the helicopter with a rocket-propelled grenade . Provincial council head Mohammad Hazrat Janan also said insurgents used a rocket-propelled grenade in the attack , though the actual type of weapon is still unclear . While military officials in Afghanistan have not confirmed that an attack brought down the helicopter , they have acknowledged it was operating in an area rife with insurgent activity . Afghan officials say the craft crashed in Wardak 's Tangi Valley , a corridor located roughly 60 miles southwest of the Afghan capital and situated amid mountainous and rocky terrain . Tangi village elders reported that insurgents shot at the craft when it was returning from an operation that left eight insurgents dead , according to Janan . NATO declined to comment on the details of the operation or the circumstances of the crash . The specifics of the incident were first made public by way of a written statement from Afghan President Hamid Karzai . "  It was amazing to me that the first details came from the presidential palace , " said Baktash Siawash , a parliament member from Kabul . "  At the same time , we did n't hear anything from NATO . " Siawash said Karzai 's swift release of the crash details amounted to helping the Taliban quickly claim responsibility for the incident . The Afghan president has come under increasing criticism by anti-Taliban lawmakers over his willingness to negotiate with insurgent leadership . He has traditionally said he is trying to bring an end to the near decadelong conflict . A presidential spokesman dismissed Siawash 's allegations as "  nonsense , " saying Karzai 's initial statement on the crash was meant to express condolences over the loss of American life . Meanwhile , Karzai called a security meeting of his top advisers Sunday to discuss the incident , according to a statement from his office . He spoke to U.S. President Barack Obama , who "  noted the extraordinary service of the Americans who gave their lives , and expressed his condolences for the Afghans who died serving by their side , " according to the White House . Obama also placed calls to Gen. John R. Allen , International Security Assistance Force commander , and Gen. Joseph Votel , head of the Joint Special Operations Command , in Afghanistan . Reflecting on the sobering loss , Obama said the deaths were "  a reminder of the extraordinary sacrifices made by the men and women of our military and their families , including all who have served in Afghanistan . " Among those killed was Aaron Carson Vaughn , 30 , his grandmother told CNN Saturday night . She called him a brave warrior and gentle man . Geneva Carson Vaughn of Union City , Tennessee , said Aaron lived with his wife and two small children in Virginia Beach , Virginia . The SEAL told her in June not to worry about his well-being , she said . "  He said , ` I 'm not afraid . Because I know where I am going if something happens to me , ' " Vaughn recounted . "  He is with the Lord now , " she added . "  I will see him again someday . " Saturday 's fatalities came as about 10,000 U.S. troops are scheduled to depart by year 's end , with the full drawdown expected to take place by the end of 2014 . Ryan Crocker , the newly minted U.S. ambassador in Kabul , has pledged that no permanent U.S. bases would remain inside the war-torn country -- but he also has suggested that American military commitments to Afghanistan could extend beyond the draw-down date . Saturday 's incident has also raised concerns among Kabul lawmakers over the perceived strength of the insurgency . "  This shows the Taliban are now more mobilized than before , " said Khalid Pashton , a parliament member from Kandahar province , the traditional heartland of the Taliban . "  Now there is an organized play in Afghanistan that seems  to suggest  that U.S. forces will soon leave . " Meanwhile , officials are being especially tight-lipped because recovery operations -- which began immediately following the crash -- are still under way and body identifications and family notifications are just beginning , a U.S. military official said . The U.S. Embassy in Kabul said ISAF "  is still assessing the circumstances that resulted in these deaths . " Afghan Defense Ministry spokesman Zahir Azimi said it 's too early to say if the Taliban caused the crash . He called for an investigation . "  Information is still coming in about this incident . I think it 's important that we allow investigators to do their work before jumping to too many conclusions , " said Adm. Mike Mullen , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff . "  It 's also important that we respect the process of notifying family members , no matter how long that takes . " There are 150,000 ISAF troops in Afghanistan , including just under 100,000 from the United States -- the largest NATO presence in the region since the U.S.-led war began in 2001 . David Ariosto reported from Kabul , Afghanistan , and Barbara Starr and Steve Brusk reported from Washington .	The Navy SEALs were aiding trapped members of the 75th Army Ranger regiment The SEALs were killed during a mission against a Taliban leader The current whereabouts of the Taliban leader is not clear Insurgent attacks kill four NATO service members Sunday
While the issue of President Barack Obama 's birth has long been settled , and it 's a moot point anyway since he 's in his second term in office , there remain some people who wo n't be convinced . Just ask members of Congress , who even this summer are encountering so-called "  birthers " at town hall meetings . With Ted Cruz , there is no conspiracy . He was n't born in the United States . But that has n't stopped the junior Texas senator from courting a possible presidential bid . The dynamic young senator has traveled to Iowa and other early primary states . If his moves toward a candidacy become more serious , they 're sure to spark first a debate about his conservative politics , but also that recurring debate about whether a "  natural-born citizen " can be born outside the United States . Birther-in-chief Donald Trump , who appeared to be running singularly on that issue in 2011 , was more restrained when he was asked if Canadian-born Cruz was eligible to be president . "  Perhaps not , " Trump told ABC News on Sunday . "  I do n't know the circumstances . I heard somebody told me he was born in Canada . That 's really his thing , " said Trump , who could face Cruz in a GOP primary if both men follow through with runs they appear to be teasing . Another Cruz trip to Iowa raises 2016 speculation Cruz seems to think the facts are on his side . "  My mother was born in Wilmington , Delaware . She 's a U.S. citizen , so I 'm a U.S. citizen , " Cruz told ABC in July . "  I 'm not going to engage in a legal debate . The facts are clear , " he added . "  I can tell you where I was born and who my parents were . And then as a legal matter , others can worry about that . I 'm not going to engage . " TIME : Cruz talks about Obama , spats with fellow Republicans There is precedent for people born outside the United States making credible runs for the presidency . George Romney , Mitt Romney 's father , was born in Mexico to Mormon missionaries . He ran for president in 1968 . For all the ink spilled about Obama 's provenance -- Hawaii , people -- it was actually John McCain in the 2008 presidential contest who was born outside the United States . McCain 's father , an admiral , was stationed in the Panama Canal Zone . Democrats did n't make an issue of McCain 's birthright to run , however . In fact , Democratic candidates Obama and then-Sen . Hillary Clinton sponsored a non-binding resolution in the spring of 2008 declaring that McCain was a natural-born citizen . This is all the U.S. Constitution has to say about the qualifications to be president : "  No Person except a natural born Citizen , or a Citizen of the United States , at the time of the Adoption of this Constitution , shall be eligible to the Office of President ; neither shall any Person be eligible to that Office who shall not have attained to the Age of thirty five Years , and been fourteen Years a Resident within the United States . " That 's pretty clear . Only a 35-year-old  or older  "  natural-born citizen " can be president . But it turns out not be that clear . Who is a "  natural-born citizen ? " Citizen scholarship falls on the side of McCain . He had two American citizen parents and one was working for the U.S. government when he was born in Panama . Cruz does n't check all those boxes . His father , a preacher who has delivered stem-winding speeches of his own , has since become an American . But at the time of Ted 's birth in Canada , he was a Cuban émigré working for an oil company . His mother , however , hails from Delaware . Ted Cruz 's father makes fiery anti-Obama speech There is a 50-page report prepared for lawmakers by the Congressional Research Service . You can read the whole thing here . The key paragraph in that lawerly paper reads this way : "  The weight of legal and historical authority indicates that the term "  natural born " citizen would mean a person who is entitled to U.S. citizenship "  by birth " or "  at birth , " either by being born "  in " the United States and under its jurisdiction , even those born to alien parents ; by being born abroad to U.S. citizen-parents ; or by being born in other situations meeting legal requirements for U.S. citizenship "  at birth . " It does not specifically deal with the issue of someone born outside the United States to one American parent . But if Cruz could claim citizenship at birth , according to the argument , he could claim to be natural born . The natural-born citizen requirement was put into the Constitution , according to the congressional report , to ward against aristocracy coming to America and setting up a new kingdom . There has been discussion of doing away with the requirement altogether . Sen. Orrin Hatch , R-Utah introduced the Equal Right to Govern Amendment in July 2003 . It would allow immigrants who had been naturalized for at least 20 years to run for president . But it has gone exactly nowhere . Opinion : Ted Cruz can be president , probably	Possible 2016 presidential candidate Ted Cruz 's birth circumstances raise eligibility questions Cruz was born in Canada to U.S. citizen mother and Cuban father Birther-in-chief Donald Trump raised question of Cruz 's eligibility in weekend appearance Question hinges on the definition of what is a "  natural-born " citizen
CNN  -- In 1974 , when Edward Kennedy Jr. , developed an aggressive form of bone cancer that at the time few survived , his father , the late senator , wasted no time snapping into action . Summoning a group of cancer specialists to his Virginia home , the senator and the doctors debated well into the night how best to treat the 12-year-old boy , according to Adam Clymer , author of "  Edward M. Kennedy : A Biography . " Sen. Ted and Victoria Kennedy in 1997 with his children Ted Jr. and Kara , both cancer survivors . The team ultimately chose an aggressive -- and risky -- course of chemotherapy . Thirty-six years later , Teddy Jr. is alive and cancer-free . When the senator 's daughter , Kara Kennedy , was told she had lung cancer in 2002 , her father deployed a similar strategy , Clymer says . Doctors said Kara 's tumor was inoperable and the 42-year-old mother of two young children might have less than a year to live . But Sen. Edward Kennedy refused to accept that prognosis , and instead consulted with other experts and found a surgeon willing to operate . Seven years later , Kara Kennedy is also alive and cancer-free . If you 're thinking only Kennedy clout and Kennedy money can get that kind of care , think again . While you may not be able to summon medical experts from around the country to your kitchen table with the snap of your fingers , experts in patient empowerment say more and more people are carving out their own Kennedy-style health care . "  The power that Senator Kennedy had has now trickled down to all of us , who can virtually gather people in our living room , " says Susannah Fox , associate director of the Pew Internet Project and co-author of a report on Internet use and health information . According to the Pew report , released in June , 61 percent of American adults look online for health information . Twenty-four percent have consulted rankings or reviews of doctors online , and 19 percent have signed up to receive updates about health or medical issues . Many consumers are going even further , finding top experts online and boldly engaging them directly via e-mail or through social networking sites such as Facebook or Twitter . "  You can get quite far using your own keyboard to gather expert opinions . I 've heard many times over the years that doctors and surgeons are surprisingly accessible , " Fox says . "  You can gather the greatest minds in science . It 's really powerful . " Dr. Mitchel Berger , chairman of the department of neurological surgery at the University of California , San Francisco , says he regularly receives e-mails from patients he 's never heard of -- and he returns them . "  I think patients are very smart these days , " says the neurosurgeon , who flew in for a meeting of experts Kennedy convened last year in Boston to discuss options for treating his brain cancer . Dr. Raymond Sawaya , chairman of the Department of Neurosurgery at the M.D. Anderson Cancer Center and Baylor College of Medicine in Houston , Texas , says he also returns e-mails from patients he does n't know . "  Smart people write to the top four or five major centers in the country , " he says . From stay-at-home mom to lung cancer expert Through her own ingenuity , hard work , and determination , Karen Parles received Kennedy-quality care without his power or money . When Parles ' lung cancer was diagnosed in 1998 , the 38-year-old stay-at-home mother was told it was inoperable . "  They gave us no hope , " her husband , Dr. James Parles remembers . "  They told her if untreated , her illness was generally fatal in six to 12 months . " Even with treatment , the doctors said she would n't live much longer than a year . Like the late senator , Karen Parles would n't accept a diagnosis of no hope . She reached out to the wife of a college friend who is a pulmonologist at Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston , who in turn referred Parles to Dr. John Wain , a surgeon there . Dr. Wain removed her lung and chest wall lining . After several years the cancer recurred , this time to her liver and a rib . She had successful chemotherapy , but the cancer returned to her liver . To avoid the side effects of ongoing chemotherapy , Parles , a librarian by profession , then immersed herself in cancer research . "  She read a paper about this new procedure called radiofrequency ablation , and she wrote to the doctor who did the study , and asked him for the best place to go in the Northeast , " says James Parles , a pediatrician in Smithtown , New York . The doctor returned her cold-call e-mail , and suggested she go Rhode Island Hospital , where Dr. Damian Dupuy performed the ablation procedure . Parles continued to suffer multiple recurrences of her cancer . After undergoing various therapies , she consulted with Dr. Corey Langer , then at the Fox Chase Cancer Center in Philadelphia , whom she had met at a medical conference . He suggested an infusion of radioactive microspheres into her liver , another procedure she 'd never heard of , to treat the liver tumors without chemotherapy . Parles received the infusion , but had to appeal to her insurance company to get it paid for , her husband says . She passed away in February 2009 . "  She got 11 extra years of life because of her determination to get the best the medical establishment had to offer , " her husband says , noting that most of those years were enjoyed in good health . "  Our kids were 8 and 7 years old when she was diagnosed with lung cancer . They were 20 and 18 when she died . She got to watch them grow up to be young adults because of her own tenacity . " How to get Kennedy-style health care The first step to getting health care like a Kennedy is to go online and learn as much as you can about your disease , says Dave deBronkart , co-chairman of the Society for Participatory Medicine . "  It used to be that in order to get medical information , you had to be a member of what people call ` the priesthood , ' " he says . "  It was a very private and closed group that got its information through medical schools and medical societies . Now all that 's changed because of the Internet . " Step two , he says , is to communicate electronically with people who have your disease . That 's what deBronkart did in 2007 when he was found to have kidney cancer that had spread to his brain , tongue , arms , and legs . "  Initially , doctors told me the median survival time was 24 weeks , " he says . Like Kennedy , deBronkart could n't accept such a dismal prognosis . "  I joined the Association of Cancer Online Resources , and within 15 minutes of posting a question about where the best doctors were , I had an answer , " deBronkart says . He says the third step is to contact experts in the field , as Kennedy and Parles did when they were stricken with cancer . "  Kennedy was a good role model in that he aggressively pursued finding out all the options that were available , " deBronkart says . "  You could say he scoured the earth . " CNN 's David Martin contributed to this report .	Kennedy 's son was given experimental treatment for bone cancer when he was 12 When daughter Kara developed lung cancer , Kennedy found a doctor who 'd operate Empowered patients can get Kennedy quality care without riches or connections Doctor 's advice : Do research on the Internet , contact experts and other patients
CNN  -- While a growing chorus in Washington , including President Barack Obama , House Speaker John Boehner , multiple Cabinet secretaries , and some political pundits , criticize deep , automatic spending cuts set to take effect on March 1 , the White House and Congress have yet to come up with an alternative to avoid them . CNN Explains : Sequestration Special coverage on CNNMoney.com : America 's Debt Challenge TIME.com : A guide to sequestration With the imposition of at least some of them appearing more and more likely , here 's a look , by the numbers , at Washington 's self-imposed budget austerity  aka "  sequestration " or the "  sequester "  : The real impact of automatic cuts and why they may happen after all 2 - Provisions in the Budget Act of 2011 that can result in automatic spending cuts : Appropriating funds over newly established spending caps for years 2012-2021 , where the extra amount is automatically cut , and failure of Congress to enact specific deficit-reduction legislation , which has happened . $ 1.2 trillion - Total amount of the potential sequestration cuts , over 10 years . This is based on the amount not cut from the deficit by the congressional "  super committee " created by the Budget Control Act of 2011 . CNNMoney.com : The 2011 debt ceiling deal $ 85 billion - Amount of deficit reduction necessary for fiscal year 2013 in order to postpone the automatic spending cuts from taking effect March 1 . Senate Democrats offer plan to avert mandatory cuts Boehner says sequester bad policy but punts to Senate Democrats Approximately $ 16.5 trillion - The United States national debt . CNNMoney.com : What you need to know about the debt ceiling 9.4 % - Reduction in non-exempt defense discretionary funding if sequestration takes effect . By the numbers : Recent defense spending 8.2 % - Reduction in non-exempt nondefense discretionary funding if sequestration takes effect . 2 % - Cuts to Medicare if sequestration takes effect . 7.6 % - Cuts to other non-exempt nondefense mandatory programs if sequestration takes effect . 10 % - Cuts to non-exempt defense mandatory programs if sequestration takes effect . 10 - Number of days after the end of a session of Congress during which the Congressional Budget Office must submit a sequestration report on the current fiscal year . About $ 130 million - Amount of lost funding if sequestration takes effect from the Department of the Interior to Native American tribes . About 1,200 - Occupational Safety and Health Administration  OSHA  workplace inspections that would be cut . Up to $ 902 million - Reductions in loan guarantees to small businesses if sequestration takes effect . CNNMoney.com : White House details pending budget cuts Up to 766,000 - Number of health care-related jobs that could be lost or eliminated due to 2 % cuts in Medicare spending under sequestration , according to a recent report from the American Hospital Association , the American Medical Association , and the American Nurses Association . Kerry : Cuts would hit foreign aid , diplomatic security Panetta : World is watching U.S. on budget CNNMoney.com : Spending cuts to hurt homeland security	Approximately $ 16.5 trillion - The United States national debt $ 1.2 trillion - Total amount of the potential cuts , over 10 years $ 85 billion - Deficit reduction needed to postpone cuts through September 2013 2 % - Cuts to Medicare if "  sequestration " takes effect
CNN  -- Scientists have found a decline in oxygen levels in the Gulf of Mexico following the BP oil spill but have found no "  dead zones " as a result , a federal task force reported Tuesday . Levels of dissolved oxygen in deep water have dropped about 20 percent below their long-term average , according to data collected from up to 60 miles from the well at the center of the worst oil spill in U.S. history . But much of that dip appears to be the result of microbes using oxygen to dissolve oil underwater , and the decline is not enough to be fatal to marine life , said National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration official Steve Murawski , the head the Joint Analysis Group studying the spill 's impact . "  Even the lowest observations in all of these was substantially above the threshold , " Murawski said . The samples were collected from 419 points at varying distances from the ruptured well at the heart of the disaster and at depths as far down as 4,800 feet , the group reported . The task force is made up of NOAA , the Environmental Protection Agency and the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy . The undersea gusher erupted in April , releasing an estimated 4.9 million barrels  205 million gallons  of crude before being temporarily capped in July . The volume of oil -- and the amount of chemical dispersants used to break it up -- have created concerns about the long-term health of the Gulf . At the same time , the spill delivered a severe economic blow to the region , where fisheries and beach resorts are major employers . Early findings from a mid-August survey led by the University of South Florida indicated oil had settled to the bottom of the Gulf further east than previously suspected and at levels toxic to marine life . At about the same time , a team from Georgia Sea Grant and the University of Georgia released a report that estimates that 70 to 79 percent of the oil that leaked from the well "  has not been recovered and remains a threat to the ecosystem . " The latest study "  does not discuss the broad ecosystem consequences of hydrocarbons released into the environment , " NOAA said . But it concludes that the oil is continuing to break up and disperse underneath the surface , making the emergency of a major oxygen-poor dead zone unlikely . In early August , the federal government estimated that about three-quarters of the oil spilled had either evaporated or been dispersed , or had been skimmed or burned off the surface . The disaster began with an April 20 explosion aboard the oil rig Deepwater Horizon that left 11 men dead . The blast uncorked a BP-owned well off southeastern Louisiana that spewed for 87 days before being temporarily capped . Operations are under way to permanently seal the well . BP , rig owner Transocean and well cement contractor Halliburton have blamed each other for the disaster . BP plans to release the findings of its internal investigation of the accident on Wednesday , the company said .	Deep-water oxygen levels are down but not deadly , report concludes The study tracked dissolved oxygen levels from May to August Latest federal report does n't address the spill 's "  broad ecoystem consequences " BP 's report on the disaster is scheduled for release Wednesday
Tromso , Norway  CNN  It is early afternoon on board the "  Helmer Hanssen , " and the Arctic sun is already starting to set . Near the back of the ship , two people dressed in orange rain slickers are anxiously waiting . Any minute now , the ship 's lines will pull taut , and a green mesh bag will be back up on deck . When that time comes , a sigh of relief as crewmembers empty out the full bag onto the deck . Stepping forward are Jeannette Anderson , a cell biologist , and Robert Johansen , a marine biologist . The pile of dirt , sea sponges , and starfish from the ocean floor are what they came all this way for . Above the Arctic Circle in the Lyngen Fjord of northern Norway , researchers on the "  Helmer Hanssen " are searching for the next generation of antibiotics . In these sea organisms , they hope , are new bacteria to become those drugs . "  If no one finds new antibiotics for common infections , what will happen is we will go back to the pre-antibiotic age in which a simple cut could turn into an infection that becomes deadly , " said Marcel Jaspars . Jaspars is the founder of the PharmaSea project , an EU-funded initiative to bring research groups together around the world in search of new antibiotics . The World Health Organization says antibiotic resistance is a growing health crisis around the world , calling it "  an increasingly serious threat to global public health that requires action across all government sectors and society . " It is not cost-effective for pharmaceutical companies to search for new antibiotics . On average , it costs a pharmaceutical company more than $ 2 billion to bring a new drug to market . In the case of antibiotics , the drug is only taken for a short time , and could eventually develop resistance . That 's why large-scale focus has moved away from antibiotics research in the past 30 years . In the meantime , bacteria have evolved , adapted , and become resistant to many current antibiotics . "  What was once common treatments are no longer treatable by using standard antibiotics , " Jaspars said . The key is finding new chemistry . Bacteria ca n't be resistant to a drug if they 've never seen anything like it before . Extreme environments are providing new places to look . "  In the past , bacteria and fungi have been the main sources for new antibiotics , " Jaspars explained . "  In fact , about 70 % of our antibiotics still come from nature , normally from sediment samples and soil samples from land . But now , by looking at the ocean , we hope to find new life forms which give us new chemistry that might be able to treat bacterial infections . " That 's exactly why Anderson and Johansen are on board the "  Helmer Hanssen . " They are part of Jaspars ' PharmaSea team , and they have identified the icy waters of the Norwegian Arctic as a potential breeding ground of new bacteria . In this extreme environment , the sea organisms have been forced to adapt over time . "  They have to adjust for very different temperatures as compared to other parts of the world , " Anderson said . "  We think that since they are living in an extreme environment , they have developed some extreme strategies to survive . " Anderson and Johansen take their finds from the bottom of the sea straight to a wet lab on the ship . It is critical to begin testing as soon as possible , ensuring freshness of the organisms . Johansen cuts open the starfish , while Anderson makes solutions to be plated on a petri dish . In a few weeks , bacteria will grow on the plates , hopefully exhibiting antibacterial properties . It is a long and tedious process , with no time to waste . It often takes upwards of a decade for new drugs to be approved . "  It 's a rush against time , " Anderson said . "  I think we have to speed up the process of trying to find novel antibiotics . At the moment , a lot of the antibiotics out there are working in the same way . " The early results are promising . Several compounds being tested in Norway and at Jaspars ' lab in Scotland are showing initial signs of antibacterial properties . A good start , with a long way to go , but Jaspars knows the hopeful legacy of the PharmaSea project and others like is around the world is to eradicate the issue of antibiotic resistance . Who knows where the next penicillin will be found ? Perhaps , it will be in the icy Norwegian Arctic . "  It is always very exciting when you get to the stage where you are the first person to see a bacteria , " said Jaspars , "  or the first person to identify the structure of a new molecule that has the potential at that moment , to be a treatment for a difficult disease . "	Researchers are looking for new bacteria in Arctic circle New bacteria could be key to creating new antibiotics WHO says antibiotic resistance is a growing health crisis
CNN  -- Terrorism is losing , Vice President Joe Biden said Wednesday in his eulogy for Sean Collier , the Massachusetts Institute of Technology campus cop who authorities say was killed by the suspected Boston Marathon bombers last week . "  We have suffered . We are grieving . But we are not bending , " Biden said . "  We will not be intimidated . " In remarks at the memorial service Wednesday , Biden also consoled Collier 's family , describing the slain officer as "  a remarkable son " and "  a remarkable brother . " "  No child should pre-decease their parents , " Biden said to the family . "  Though every loss is different , one thing is central . I know from experience that sense of dread reliving the moment of the last nine days , almost hourly , the moment you learn the fate of your child -- the sense of hollowness and being sucked into a void you ca n't control . " The vice president lost his first wife and infant daughter in a car crash in 1972 . But he said the day will come for the family when the memory of Collier will prompt a smile before any tears . Biden also praised the hundreds of hundreds of law enforcement officers dressed in crisp blue uniforms and gathered outdoors for the memorial service , held on Briggs Field at MIT . "  On every front , terrorism as a weapon is losing , " Biden said . "  It is not gaining adherents . What galls them the most is that America remains that shining city on the hill . " The memorial service stage featured a massive American flag as a backdrop , with a photograph of Collier . Singer James Taylor performed , accompanied by the MIT Symphony Orchestra . Collier , 27 , was described last week by friends and colleagues as having an easy smile and a willingness to help others . He enjoyed policing . The officer was buried Tuesday after a private memorial service in Stoneham , Massachusetts , CNN affiliate WHDH reported . Authorities believe the two men suspected of detonating bombs at the marathon shot Collier to death as he sat in his squad car on the MIT campus last week . Collier 's killing and a subsequent carjacking nearby set off the search that paralyzed Boston for almost 24 hours . One of the suspects , Tamerlan Tsarnaev , died after a shootout with police early Friday . His younger brother , Dzhokhar , was hospitalized following his capture later that day .	NEW : Vice president tells family that Collier was "  a remarkable son " NEW : "  We are grieving . But we are not bending , " Biden adds NEW : James Taylor sings at memorial service , joined by MIT Symphony Orchestra Sean Collier , 27 , was a Massachusetts Institute of Technology campus officer
HARARE , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- Some of Zimbabwe 's children are "  wasting away " as political turmoil and economic crisis have caused a severe food shortage , according to a report from Save the Children . Children sleep in rough conditions on the border between Zimbabwe and South Africa . The number of acute child malnutrition cases has risen by almost two-thirds in the past year , the report from the UK-based agency said in its appeal to world donors for help . "  There is no excuse for failing to provide this food , " program director Lynn Walker said . "  The innocent people of Zimbabwe should not be made to suffer for a political situation that is out of their control . " Five million Zimbabweans -- out of a population of about 12 million -- are in need of food aid now , the report said . The group is appealing for 18,000 tons of food for next month . "  We have already been forced to reduce the rations of emergency food we are delivering because there is n't enough to go around , " the report said . "  If , as we fear , the food aid pipeline into Zimbabwe begins to fail in the new year the millions of people who rely on emergency food aid will suffer . " Zimbabwe is facing its worst economic and humanitarian crisis since its independence from Great Britain 28 years ago . There is an acute shortage of all essentials such as cash , fuel , medical drugs , electricity and food . President Robert Mugabe blames the crisis on the sanctions imposed on him and his cronies by the West for allegedly disregarding human rights . But Mugabe 's critics attribute the crisis to his economic policies . As the economy has faltered for almost a decade now , a cholera epidemic is raging , fueled by the collapse of health , sanitation and water services in Zimbabwe . The epidemic has claimed more than 1,100 lives and infected more than 20,000 people since its outbreak in August . Health experts have warned that the water-borne disease could infect more than 60,000 unless its spread is halted . The political crisis rose to a boil in this year when the opposition party claimed that it won the presidential election , but Mugabe 's government refused to recognize the result . Instead , the race was thrown to a runoff , which was boycotted by the opposition . Mugabe signed an agreement with the opposition in September to form a unity government , but a bitter dispute over the division of cabinet seats has prevented its formation . Inflation is so severe that the government was forced to print $ 10 billion currency notes last week , with each expected to buy just 20 loaves of bread .	Some Zimbabwean children "  wasting away " amid food shortage , aid group says Severe malnutrition cases rise two-thirds in year , Save the Children warns Almost half of 12 million Zimbabweans need food aid now , report says Country facing worst economic , humanitarian crisis since independence in 1980
CNN  -- Pakistan 's cricket team have donated half their win bonuses to help the relief victims of a flood in their home nation . Having beaten England by four wickets in the third Test at the Oval last week -- leaving Pakistan 2-1 behind in the series with one Test left to play -- the nation 's top cricketers offered $ 54,400 in a bid to help their stricken countrymen . The contribution to the flood relief effort , which was announced by the Pakistan Cricket Board , is the latest in a number of fund-raising efforts aimed at helping those who have been affected by the disaster in recent weeks . "  The PCB chairman has announced a winning bonus ... and all the players and officials have donated half of the bonus in flood-relief funds , " the PCB said in a statement . This latest act of charity by the national cricket team comes just one week after it was announced that PCB officials , staff and national team players had donated $ 137,590 to the same cause . Shahid Afridi , Pakistan 's one-day captain , and the country 's leading umpire Aleem Dar have also run separate campaigns for flood relief , raising millions of rupees . The PCB have also revealed that they are planning a game against Zimbabwe to raise further funds for the flood victims . This would be the first international cricket that has taken place in Pakistan since March 2009 , following the terror attacks on the touring Sri Lanka side . In recent weeks , the worst floods in the country 's history have killed 1600 people and left 20 million without homes in the north-west and southern regions of Pakistan . The U.N. says it still needs $ 200 million more in aid . Pakistan play England in the final Test in the series at Lords on Friday .	Pakistan cricket team donate $ 54,400 , half of their win bonus , to flood relief victims Pakistan trail England 2-1 with one Test to play in their series with the host nation Pakistan 's one day captain and top umpire raise extra funds through seseparateampaigns UN says it needs $ 200 million worth of aid .
CNN  -- With a backdrop of rapidly growing violence , Iraqis voted Wednesday in their first nationwide polls since the 2011 withdrawal of U.S. forces . More than 12 million Iraqis braved potential threats and went to the polls , for a voter turnout of 60 % , Iraq 's election commission said . Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki is battling for a third term in office , but faces fierce opposition , with sectarian bloodshed at its most intense in more than five years . Polls closed at 6 p.m. local tim  11 a.m. ET  , and the ballot-counting process began . Results are expected in 20 to 30 days . At least seven people were killed in attacks targeting polling stations . "  The terrorists warned that the elections will not take place and they threatened the Iraqi people who challenged them back , " al-Maliki said after casting his vote . "  They launched attacks and many Iraqis were martyred , but our people did n't stop going to cast the ballots . " He urged all voters to cast their ballots to send a message to doubters . "  We expect unprecedented turnout so we can move Iraq ahead in the political and democratic process , " he said . One of the attacks Wednesday came in Khanaqin , northeast of Baghdad , where three died and dozens were wounded when a suicide bomber targeted a polling station , security sources told CNN . An Iraqi soldier was killed and nine others were injured in an attack by a suicide bomber on a polling station in Baiji , authorities in Tikrit told CNN . A policeman also was killed in a separate incident involving a suicide bomber in Baiji , authorities in Tikrit told Iraqiya TV . And in Diblis , near the northern city of Kirkuk , two women were killed by a roadside bomb while heading to their polling station , according to security sources . A suicide bomber was killed by the Iraqi army as he tried to enter a polling station near Mosul , security forces said . Two police officers were injured . Bombers dressed in uniforms On Tuesday , the officials charged with protecting polling stations and voters on election day came under attack themselves . Suicide bombers dressed in police and army uniforms placed themselves among the security officials lined up to cast their ballots , then detonated explosives . Dozens of people were killed and injured across the country . Those attacks , as well as a number Monday , were an apparent attempt to derail the balloting process and discourage the rest of Iraq 's 21.5 million registered voters from going to the polls . With a surge in car bombings , assassinations and suicide attacks , the vote -- the fourth national election since the fall of longtime leader Saddam Hussein in 2003 -- is being held amid rapidly growing violence reaching levels not seen in more than five years . Deadly year Iraq has been beset with political and sectarian violence for months , often pitting Sunnis -- a minority in Iraq -- against Shiite Muslims , who came to dominate the government after Saddam Hussein was overthrown in 2003 . The United Nations said 2013 was the deadliest year in Iraq since 2008 , with more than 8,800 people killed , most of them civilians . Tensions continue to be fueled by widespread discontent among the Sunnis , who say they are marginalized by the Shiite-led government and unfairly targeted by heavy-handed security tactics . Sunni anger has made it easier for al Qaeda-linked militants to recruit and operate while eroding the public 's cooperation with security forces . Iraq 's security forces , trained by the United States at a cost of billions of dollars , have been unable to dislodge the militants and instead are fighting pitched battles . Sunni militants in Iraq have collaborated with their co-religionists who are fighting to oust Syrian President Bashar al-Assad . Other endemic problems gripping the country include high unemployment levels , dilapidated infrastructure and services , and chronic corruption . Oil revenues have failed to improve the lives of most Iraqis . The vote The dire security situation in which the elections are being held is reminiscent of the country 's first post-Hussein elections in 2005 , when threats from al Qaeda insurgents led to minimal turnouts in most Sunni provinces . The voting has been canceled in parts of Anbar province , controlled by jihadists and tribesmen . Following the last parliamentary election in 2010 , it took nearly eight months of intense backdoor negotiations for Iraq 's bickering politicians finally to form a government . This time , though , there are no U.S. forces on the ground , and Washington will be watching from afar . Editors ' Note : This article has been edited to remove plagiarized content after CNN discovered multiple instances of plagiarism by Marie-Louise Gumuchian , a former CNN news editor . CNN 's Salma Abdelaziz , Joe Sterling and Arwa Damon contributed to this report .	NEW : 60 % of eligible voters turn out Polls close and the ballot-counting process begins At least seven people are killed in attacks targeting polling stations The vote is the first since the U.S. troop withdrawal in 2011
CNN  -- To look at Julianne Talley , a statuesque 61-year-old beauty , one would never know she has conquered both obesity and cancer . The Ms. Senior Florida contestant glided through the Vero Beach High School Performing Arts Center with the humility of someone who underestimates her beauty . Little did she know , she was about to be crowned Ms. Senior Florida 2014 . Talley 's platform is one of self-acceptance and self-improvement : "  It 's a message to the woman in the audience who thinks ` I 'm always going to be heavy ' or ' I ca n't dance ' ... yes you can , " she said during dress rehearsal . While we 're accustomed to beauty pageants featuring women in their 20s strutting in bikinis , the Ms. Senior America pageant seeks women with "  dignity , maturity and inner beauty , " who are older than 60 . There 's no upper age limit and no bikinis are required . The oldest contestant in Florida this year was 86 . Pageant organizers Hedi Headley and Helen McKnight worked for months gathering contestants from around the state of Florida . The 15 women who were selected rehearsed almost every week between January and March . The ladies were judged on their interview , philosophy of life , talent and gown presentation during the March 29 competition . The Ms. Senior America Pageant has been around for 35 years , but the state level competitions vary in their founding year . Headly and McKnight originally founded the Ms. Senior Arizona Pageant in 1990 , when they were n't even 50 yet themselves . "  We saw a need to encourage the older adult and especially women that feel they become invisible as they age , " said Headly . Semi-retired in Florida , Headly and McKnight took over running the Ms. Senior Florida Pageant last year . The contestants evolved before Headly 's eyes . "  Most of the ladies have never even talked into a microphone before rehearsals , " she said . The granny of yesteryear , sitting in a rocking chair knitting , is a thing of the past if the pageant is any indication . Today , women over 60 are rocking it on stage : singing , dancing , sharing their inventions and even belly dancing at senior beauty pageants around the country . The Ms. Senior pageants give contestants a chance to do something many of them never dreamed of doing in their 20s , 30s or even 50s -- take the spotlight and share their wisdom and talent with hundreds of people . In addition to the crown , Talley won "  Best Talent " for singing and playing "  Sentimental Journey " on the piano . Talley faced a long journey to get where she is today . Overweight most of her life , 10 years ago , she lost 100 pounds and kept it off . "  I decided to enter the competition after a lot of thought and prayer , when I realized that it was an opportunity to reach my dream to touch women across the country , to inspire them to take better care of themselves , and to set goals , dream dreams , and do what it takes to reach those goals , " said Talley She wants to encourage other women to become physically fit even as seniors , which is a message she will take to the Ms. Senior America Pageant this October at the Resorts Hotel Casino in Atlantic City . "  It has been my dream to reach women across the country to encourage them that we ` ai n't dead yet ' ! " said Talley . The second runner-up was Ann Palle , a 60-year-old baton twirler who leads a 105-person senior citizen baton twirling team that performs in about 55 shows a year . The oldest twirler is 95 . "  It 's nice to get together with these ladies because we all bring something very different , but this pageant brings us together , " Palle said . Each of these women has a distinct philosophy , and if laughter is the key to longevity , Lauren Luccini "  Miss Congeniality , " will live forever . "  When I used to date , men used to open the car door for you , " she told the audience in her standup comedy routine during the talent competition . "  Now , I 'm glad if they even stop the car . " Then there was , Julie Dohan , who at 81 went from modeling to art dealing to inventing , but believes "  the best is yet to come . " Raven-haired contestant Lucille DiBartolo is a 79-year-old Mediterranean beauty who still gets carded for proof of her senior citizenship .  Full disclosure : This lovely lady is my grandmother , and I attended the pageant to support her .  Encouraging young women to be more confident , she added that , "  it 's not who you are but who you perceive yourself to be . " Last year 's winner , Betsy Horn , stopped by to encourage the women . An ovarian cancer survivor , Horn wrote a book , "  A Little Touch of Cancer and How it Made Me Well , " and encourages women to share their inspirational stories , which can come from hardship . "  You ca n't get through life without having some event that happens that challenges one deeply and emotionally , " she said . "  As you get to know the ladies , you realize that everyone does have a story and that they were survivors . " Horn had high praise for 2014 's Ms. Senior Florida contestants : "  I came away this year thinking these women all have a lot to offer , so they should all get out there and do something ! "	The Ms. Senior Florida Pageant was held March 29 in Vero Beach , Florida Contest is open to women 60 and older ; the winner goes to the Ms. Senior America pageant Contestants are judged on an interview , their life philosophy , and evening gown presentation Winner Julianne Talley described medical battles and her desire to inspire
CNN  -- "  I have a dream this afternoon that my four little children will not come up in the same young days that I came up within , but they will be judged on the basis of the content of their character , not the color of their skin . " The Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. spoke these words in 1963 , but this was not the speech that would go down as one of the most important addresses in U.S. history . King spoke these words in Detroit , two months before he addressed a crowd of nearly 250,000 with his resounding "  I Have a Dream " speech at the March on Washington for Freedom and Jobs on August 28 , 1963 . Several of King 's staff members actually tried to discourage him from using the same "  I have a dream " refrain again . 10 signposts on America 's race journey As we all know , that did n't happen . But how this pivotal speech was crafted is just one of several interesting facts about what is one of the most important moments in the 20th century in the United States : MLK 's speech almost did n't include "  I have a dream " King had suggested the familiar "  Dream " speech that he used in Detroit for his address at the march , but his adviser the Rev. Wyatt Tee Walker called it "  hackneyed and trite . " So , the night before the march , King 's staff crafted a new speech , "  Normalcy Never Again . " King was the last speaker to address the crowd in Washington that day . As he spoke , gospel singer Mahalia Jackson called out to King , "  Tell 'em about the dream , Martin . " Then he paused and said , "  I still have a dream . " Walker was out in the audience . "  I said , ` Oh , s -- . ' " "  I thought it was a mistake to use that , " Walker recalled . "  But how wrong I was . It had never been used on a world stage before . " The rest , of course , is history . First page of a draft of King 's "  I Have a Dream " speech  PDF Handwritten text on back of "  I Have a Dream " typed draft  PDF The march almost did n't include any female speakers , either It was only after pressure from Anna Arnold Hedgeman , the only woman on the national planning committee , that a "  Tribute to Negro Women Fighters for Freedom " was added to the official program . It took further convincing to have a woman lead it . Daisy Bates spoke in the place of Myrlie Evers , the widow of slain civil rights leader Medgar Evers . Bates , president of the Arkansas NAACP who played a key role in integrating schools in Little Rock , told the crowd : "  We will walk until we are free , until we can walk to any school and take our children to any school in the United States . And we will sit-on and we will kneel-in and we will lie-in if necessary until every Negro in America can vote . This we pledge to the women of America . " Earlier , Josephine Baker , an internationally known American entertainer who had moved to France to find fame , addressed the crowd . Dressed in a military jacket draped with medals for her contribution to French resistance in World War II , she spoke in very personal terms about freedom : "  You know I have always taken the rocky path . I never took the easy one , but as I get older , and as I knew I had the power and the strength , I took that rocky path , and I tried to smooth it out a little . I wanted to make it easier for you . I want you to have a chance at what I had . But I do not want you to have to run away to get it . " Women had been central to the civil rights movement -- Diane Nash , Ella Baker , Dorothy Height and many others -- but were only included in the program that day after one woman spoke up . Opinion : Did we really learn the lesson of the March on Washington ? The most prominent white speaker was called the "  white Martin Luther King " Walter Reuther was the head of the United Automobile Workers , which provided office space , staff and funding for the march in Detroit and the March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom . He was the seventh speaker listed on the program , and shared his remarks to the crowd . "  We will not solve education or housing or public accommodations as long as millions of Negroes are treated as second-class economic citizens and denied jobs , " he said . In 1998 , Time Magazine included him in its list of Builders & Titans Of The 20th Century . Irving Bluestone , Reuther 's former administrative assistant , shared this popular story to explain who Reuther was at the March on Washington : "  Standing close to the podium were two elderly women . As  Reuther  was introduced , one of the women was overheard asking her friend , ` Who is Walter Reuther ? ' The response : ` Walter Reuther ? He 's the white Martin Luther King . ' " An openly gay man organized the march in less than two months Bayard Rustin is "  the most important leader of the civil rights movement you probably have never heard of , " as LZ Granderson put it in his recent CNN column . Not only did he organize the march in a matter of months , Rustin is credited with teaching King about nonviolence . He also helped raise funds for the Montgomery bus boycott and helped found the Southern Christian Leadership Council . During the time , his sexual orientation was known , and he was often in the background to prevent it from being used against the movement . Fifty years after the march , Rustin , who died in 1987 , will be honored with a posthumous Presidential Medal of Freedom by President Obama in November . It was n't the first planned ` March on Washington ' Labor leader and civil rights advocate A. Philip Randolph had threatened a "  March for Freedom " on the National Mall in 1941 to pressure then-President Franklin Roosevelt to provide equal opportunity for defense jobs . Randolph hired Rustin to organize part of the march , which they felt was the only way to prompt action after numerous appeals . It worked : The march was called off after Roosevelt established the Fair Employment Practices Committee , abolishing racial discrimination in hiring . Opinion : We 're closer to the American dream The march was a Hollywood star-studded event Popular actor and singer Harry Belafonte used his star power to help bring other celebrities to the March on Washington . Besides reaching out to the stars themselves , Belafonte went to many of the studio heads in Hollywood to get prominent actors and actresses temporarily released from their duties so they could participate . He was successful . The Hollywood list of attendees that day read like a who 's who of A-listers : Marlon Brando , Sidney Poitier , Lena Horne , Sammy Davis Jr. , Charlton Heston and Burt Lancaster , who also gave a speech . But having the Hollywood stars there was n't just for show or for increased media attention . It also helped calm President John F. Kennedy 's nerves about the march . "  I believe that their presence did a lot to assuage people who were preoccupied with the fact there could be violence , " Belafonte said . "  One of the things that I said in my conversations with the Kennedys in discussing why they should be more yielding in their support of our demonstration was the fact that there would be such a presence of highly profiled artists -- that that alone would put anxiety to rest , " he added . "  People would be looking at the occasion in a far more festive way . " 5 faces of the March on Washington One march worker fell asleep during MLK 's speech Back in 1963 , college student Patricia Worthy took a job answering phones for the March on Washington 's planning office . She had 10 phone lines to answer , and they rang from the time she walked in until she left for the day . "  I recall one day I 'll never forget , I heard someone say , ` Where is this young lady who handles the phone ? ' And finally I looked up , and there he was -- Dr. King -- and he said , ' I want to meet this young lady . She has put me on the hold twice , and hung up on me once , and I want to know who she is . ' " Worthy said she was "  so embarrassed , " but then the civil rights icon gave her a hug . By the day of the march , she was so tired , she dozed off and accidentally slept through the historic march and the "  I Have a Dream " speech . Everything worked out for her in the end : Worthy had a successful legal career and now teaches law at Howard University . The only class MLK ever taught Another hitchhiked all the way from Alabama only to have MLK check in on him Robert Avery and two of his friends hitchhiked nearly 700 miles from Gadsden , Alabama , to Washington to participate in the march . Avery , who was 15 years old at the time , was no stranger to the dark side of the civil rights movement . A few months earlier , he was struck by a cattle prod wielded by Alabama police during anti-segregation demonstrations in Gadsden . The three youths arrived in the nation 's capital a week before the march after three days of hitchhiking , and they were put to work making signs for the event . At one point , King walked in and asked for them . He had been in Gadsden the night before , and their parents had asked the civil rights leader to check on them . King sat down with the three and talked to them for about 20 minutes , asking them about their dreams , Avery later recalled . ' I Have a Dream ' beat JFK 's ` Ask not what you can do ' speech There 's no doubt that King 's speech was the most memorable part of the March on Washington . It 's still taught in school , and memorized by children , half a century later . But how does it compare against other pivotal speeches by 20th century leaders , such as John F. Kennedy or Franklin D. Roosevelt ? Well , a panel of more than 130 scholars got together in 1999 to rate the best speeches of the 20th century and King 's speech ranked No. 1 . What else have you learned about the march ? Did anything surprise you ? Share in the comments section below .	King almost did n't talk about "  the dream " Women had to fight to be included on the speakers ' platform Having Hollywood stars attend helped ease Kennedy fears about march
