CNN  -- The Newtown , Connecticut , public school district will receive a $ 1.3 million endowment from the U.S. Department of Education to help the community recover from the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting , Education Secretary Arne Duncan announced Friday in Hartford . The funding comes as a grant under the Project School Emergency Response to Violence program . The money is meant to support the school district 's behavioral and academic recovery efforts , which include "  counseling , wellness activities , and training programs designed to assist families and school staff heal after the trauma , " according to a press release . "  While we continue efforts to enact President Obama 's comprehensive approach to make our schools and communities safer , we want to do whatever we can to support ongoing recovery efforts and ensure this community has the resources it needs to meet the needs of its teachers , students , and families , " said Duncan . The announcement came during a forum the secretary attended with Connecticut Gov. Dannel P. Malloy and other state officials to discuss education reform and school security with parents , students , and school officials . Malloy also announced a $ 5 million grant to local communities to help meet the expenses of additional school security , the first round of funding under the Competitive Grant Program , a part of the Gun Violence Prevention and Children 's Safety Act , signed into law in the wake of the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting . Two additional rounds of funding , both $ 5 million , are expected in the next year . A lone gunman opened fire at Sandy Hook Elementary School last December , killing 20 children and six educators before taking his own life .	The grant will help support counseling and training programs A lone gunman opened fire at Sandy Hook Elementary School last December The gunman killied 20 children and six educators before taking his own life
Amman , Jordan  CNN  -- The wife of an alleged suicide bomber who killed eight people at a U.S. base in Afghanistan last week says she is shocked by his actions but "  proud " of what he did . Defne Bayrak , the Turkish wife of Humam Khalil Abu-Mulal al-Balawi -- a Jordanian doctor identified as the attacker -- said she doubted accusations her husband had been an intelligence agent , but was satisfied he did not die in vain . "  I am proud of my husband . My husband accomplished a very big operation in such a war , " she told reporters . "  If he is a martyr , may God accept his martyrdom . " Al-Balawi has been named as the suspected bomber behind a December 30 attack on a U.S. base in Khost , in southeastern Afghanistan , that killed seven CIA officers and contractors , and a Jordanian army captain . U.S. and Jordanian officials say al-Balawi had been recruited as a counterterrorism intelligence agent , despite concerns over his extremist views , and was being used in the hunt for a senior al Qaeda figure . Bayrak , speaking from their home in Istanbul , told CNN Turk television she was "  shocked " to hear what he had done . "  It is impossible for me to make a guess if he was an agent , what was his reason going there , " she said . "  I am not saying whether I am believing or not believing . I am trying to say , we were not expecting something like this . " Al-Balawi 's mother , Shnara Fadel al-Balawi , told CNN her son , who she said had been a loner since childhood , had aspired to go to America , even telling her last year that he had booked a ticket to the United States . It is not clear that he did go to the United States , however . His wife said he went to Pakistan for further schooling and then found work . Bayrak , an author and Turkish-Arabic translator , said they had been continually in communication via the Internet and that he repeatedly said he was coming home . "  When he phoned us , his conversations were very normal . Since he was always talking about coming to Turkey , naturally a human being would be shocked when such news comes , " she said . His brother told CNN that al-Balawi 's actions were "  out of character " and that the man was "  under pressure . " The man 's father , who said he was shocked by his son 's actions , added that he had been called from Afghanistan , by a man speaking broken Arabic who told him his son was dead and that he had died as a hero in an operation to kill CIA agents . The caller said , according to the father , the circumstances could make problems for his family and that they would have to cope . The family did n't know whether the Afghan caller was from al Qaeda , but thinks it was some militant group . A Jordanian official , speaking on condition of anonymity , had said authorities in Jordan arrested al-Balawi more than a year ago "  for some suspicious information related to him , " but released him because of a lack of evidence . "  After  a  few months , he got in touch with us through the Internet and sent us several e-mails that include very important and rather dangerous information that might affect the security and stability of the country , " the official told CNN . "  We kept in touch with him through e-mails in order to get more information and also trying to bring him over to be able to get more information . We shared and exchanged the information he gave us with some other friendly countries that are involved in countering terrorism . " U.S. sources said bin Zeid was the Jordanian operative working closely with al-Balawi , who was from the same hometown as the onetime leader of Al Qaeda in Iraq , Abu Musab al-Zarqawi . Jordanian and U.S. intelligence agencies apparently thought al-Balawi had been rehabilitated from his extremist views and were using him to hunt Ayman al-Zawahiri , al Qaeda 's No. 2 figure , the former intelligence official said . Former CIA official Robert Richer called the bombing the greatest loss of life for the agency since the 1983 bombing of the U.S. Embassy in Beirut , Lebanon , which killed eight agents . An American intelligence official vowed last week that the United States would avenge the attack . CNN 's Nic Robertson , Caroline Faraj and Talia Kayali contributed to this report .	Humam Khalil Abu-Mulal al-Balawi thought to be bomber who killed 7 CIA operatives The Jordanian grew up a loner , wanted to go to medical school , mother says His wife , a translator in Turkey , "  shocked " to hear what he had been accused of Al-Balawi 's father said he received call from Afghan saying son died a hero
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Britain 's Queen Elizabeth II unveiled a new medal Wednesday to honor the families of British service personnel killed while serving their country . The Elizabeth Cross may be given to family members of service personnel who have died since 1948 . The Elizabeth Cross will be given to the next of kin of armed forces personnel killed on operations or as a result of terrorism "  as a mark of national recognition for their loss , " the Defense Ministry said . It is the first time the name of a reigning monarch has been given to a new award since the queen 's father , King George VI , instituted the George Cross in 1940 . That medal recognizes acts of bravery of both civilians and military personnel . The most prestigious medal , the Victoria Cross , was introduced by Queen Victoria in 1856 for acts of gallantry by the armed forces . "  This seems to me a right and proper way of showing our enduring debt to those who are killed while actively protecting what is most dear to us all , " the queen said in a message to the armed forces . "  The solemn dignity which we attach to the names of those who have fallen is deeply ingrained in our national character . As a people , we accord this ultimate sacrifice the highest honor and respect . " The Elizabeth Cross is a sterling silver emblem in the shape of a cross over a wreath . In the center is the queen 's monogram , EIIR , which stands for Elizabeth II Regina , or Queen Elizabeth II . At each of the four tips of the cross are floral symbols : a rose for England , a thistle for Scotland , a shamrock for Northern Ireland , and a daffodil for Wales . The reverse of the cross will be engraved with the name of the person who died . The name will also be written on a scroll signed by the queen , to be given to family members along with the medal , the Defense Ministry said . The award may be given to family members of all service personnel who have died since 1948 . Charles Mosely , the former editor in chief of Debrett 's , an authority on etiquette , said the Elizabeth Cross is a good way to recognize the sacrifice made by members of the military and their families . "  It seems very praiseworthy and very overdue , " he said . It makes sense for the medal to be named after the reigning monarch , he said , because she is head of the armed forces . "  They have personal allegiance to the sovereign , a personal loyalty , " he said .	Elizabeth Cross for next of kin of armed forces personnel killed on operations Medal is a sterling silver emblem in the shape of a cross over a wreath First time name of a reigning monarch has been given to an award since 1940 Most prestigious medal , Victoria Cross , introduced by Queen Victoria in 1856
New York  CNN  -- A heat wave continued to blanket the U.S. Northeast with scorching temperatures on the first day of summer , as residents across the region sought to keep cool amid national heat advisories . Severe heat and humidity stretched from Vermont to North Carolina on Thursday with temperatures reaching the mid - to upper 90s , the National Weather Service said . The Northeast will begin cooling slightly Friday , the service said , but the heat is expected to continue with forecasts in the low 90s and high 80s across the mid-Atlantic states . Cool down with summer treats Cities across the Northeast designated cooling centers , turned on outdoor sprinklers and splash stations and issued advisories in an effort to help keep residents safe , emergency management officials in several cities said . " -LSB- More than 400 -RSB- cooling centers will continue to remain open Friday , " said New York Emergency management spokeswoman Judith Kane . The city advised residents to turn on their air conditioners or to go to air-conditioned locations such as museums , malls and movie theaters to stay out of the sun . In Boston , 15 indoor public pools , outdoor wading pools and splash stations were available , said John Guilfoil , spokesman for Boston Mayor Thomas Menino , in addition to air-conditioned community centers . "  We actually were n't going to come out , because it was so hot today , but they turned on the sprinklers and we 're going to have some fun , " first-grade teacher James Bernardini said in Manhattan 's Central Park . More than 700 sprinklers were available in parks across New York City , said Parks Department spokeswoman Vickie Karp . "  It 's 90 degrees outside . Imagine how it is in a classroom without a fan , without an AC , " Bernardini said . According to the National Weather Service , Baltimore and Washington reached high temperatures of 98 degrees on Thursday . Farther north , Boston , New York and Philadelphia reached , respectively , 95 , 93 and 97 degrees , the service said . The service advises residents to drink plenty of water , to stay out of the sun , to take frequent breaks in shaded or air-conditioned environments and to check on relatives and neighbors during the heat wave . Young children and the elderly are especially at risk for heat-related injuries , the service said . Last year , it reported 206 heat-related deaths . In the past decade , heat has been the second-leading cause for weather-related fatalities , the service said . Residents are advised to call 311 or to go to their city 's website online to find cooling centers and to get further information on how to keep cool as the heat continues .	Severe heat and humidity stretches from Vermont to North Carolina Cities designate cooling centers and turned on sprinklers in parks to offer residents relief Baltimore and D.C. clock in at 98 degrees ; Northeast will cool off slightly Friday
CNN  Is Philae still alive ? The answer to this particular cosmic cliff-hanger was left unresolved towards the end of last year . The tiny space probe bounced across the surface of Comet 67P before touching down away from its intended landing zone . It returned plenty of data from the surface but ended up in a shady spot where there was n't enough sunlight to keep it powered -- so then it went to sleep and nothing has been heard since November . In the months since , mission scientists have not been able to pinpoint its exact resting place . But now the comet-chasing mother ship Rosetta -- in orbit around 67P -- is to begin listening for signs that the lander has survived the cold and dark . Scientists at the European Space Agency  ESA  , which is leading a consortium that includes NASA to find out more about the composition of comets and how they interact with the Sun , believe that if enough sunlight falls on Philae 's solar panels it could revive . As the comet gets closer to the Sun and more light illuminates the lander , the chances improve . Lander system engineer Laurence O'Rourke told CNN that Philae needs 5.5 watts of power to reboot itself , nine watts to switch on the receiver to accept communications and 19 watts to activate its transmitter and allow two-way communication with the orbiter . Modern energy-saving domestic light bulbs consume 20 watts or lower so it does n't need much to re-establish contact . On Tuesday , @ESA_Rosetta tweeted : "  Excited ! I have some opportunities to listen for @philae2014 to find out if he 's awake ! " Rosetta and Philae 's love affair on Twitter On the Rosetta mission blog , lander project manager Stephan Ulamec says : "  It will probably still be too cold for the lander to wake up , but it is worth trying . The prospects will improve with each passing day . " The mission website adds that Philae could already have woken up but does not yet have sufficient power to communicate with Rosetta . It says Rosetta will transmit to Philae between March 12 and March 20 , listening for a response . Problems began for the lander when devices designed to anchor Philae to the surface failed . The gravity is so weak that without the harpoons intended to fire from the feet , the probe bounced across the comet . However , the mishap could prove to be a happy accident . O'Rourke explained that as the comet nears the Sun , Philae 's original landing spot would have exposed it to temperatures that would have burned out its electronics . In that position it most likely would have died by now . From lander pictures , mission controllers think Philae , which is about the size of a washing machine , is tucked up underneath a cliff face , affording it some shade . Beginning Thursday , mission controllers will send what O'Rourke described as "  blind commands " to Philae in the hope that the lander has enough power to receive instructions even if it ca n't respond . Philae will be told to save power for the transmitter . O'Rourke admits that it 's a "  long shot " but the team will try again in April if this attempt fails . If Philae revives it could be witness to an amazing show as the comet makes its closest approach to the Sun in August . "  I think we are going to see some amazing images at that point , " said O'Rourke . Even if Philae never wakes up , all is not lost . The mission has detected organic chemicals on the comet surface , though full details of that discovery have yet to be revealed . And the Rosetta mission is already changing perceptions of comets . O'Rourke says instead of a comet being a dirty snowball he now thinks of it as being "  an icy dirtball . " He described discoveries of dust and large "  boulders " circling the comet after they were blown off by the Sun during previous orbits , and an image that appears to show a structure the size of a football pitch that has been lifted and then deposited next to the hole . "  The Rosetta mission is not just about the lander . It 's about orbiting and following a comet -- watching it wake up and then go to sleep again , finding the secrets held by comets . Every day is a new discovery , " he said . Scientists have already applauded the mission 's success to date . "  The Rosetta radar experiment will reveal for the first time how a comet is put together , " cosmochemist Denton S. Ebel told CNN in November . CNN Interactive : Rosetta and its mission Opinion : How comet mission helps search for alien life	Rosetta is to begin listening for signs that the lander has survived the cold and dark From lander pictures , mission controllers think Philae is tucked up underneath a cliff face Philae has already detected organic chemicals on the comet surface
United Nations  CNN  -- The United Nations estimates more than a billion dollars damage from the Pakistan flooding . In a phone conference to reporters in New York Friday , the United Nations Humanitarian Coordinator in Pakistan said the cost to rebuild the affected parts of the country "  has to be measured in terms of hundreds of millions of dollars , if not more than a billion . " Martin Mogwanja , the UN 's coordinator in Islamabad , Pakistan , said , "  There is going to be a tremendous cost in terms of repairing roads , bridges , telecommunications and electricity infrastructure , " and most importantly , the farming and irrigation infrastructure . The United Nations is preparing an initial flood emergency response plan to address the immediate needs of Pakistan and the affected population , he said . Mogwanja said the response will cover 90 days initially and "  will address the most pressing needs in the area of food security , health care , sanitation and shelter . " The U.N. plan and a flash appeal for funding will be introduced to the international community in the near future , he said . "  An estimated 1,400 people have been killed by the flood waters so far , but this number may rise as new bodies may be found , " said Mogwanja . The terrain is so waterlogged that many families ca n't bury their loved ones at traditional burial grounds . Some people are traveling to higher ground to conduct burials , and others are waiting for family members and the appropriate time , Mogwanja said . "  It is indeed , a very , very sad occasion , " he said . "  More than 250,000 homes have been badly damaged or destroyed , leaving at least 1.5 million people homeless , " said Mogwanja . To help combat homelessness , the Office of the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees has provided more than 11,000 tents . Pakistan has reported that at least 12 million people are affected by the flood but Mogwanja said only 4 million have been affected and that the estimate could rise . "  These estimates that we are providing are based upon the figures that we are receiving from the disaster management authorities in different provinces , " Mogwanja said . He said monsoon season could last two to four weeks and that the United Nations and its partners have been providing emergency assistance since the start of the flood . The priorities which have been provided for so far include : 500 metric tons of food from the World Food Programme , clean drinking water from UNICEF to more than 700,000 people , and 40 cholera kits from the World Health Organization to health centers in Pakistan . "  However , this is only a small fraction of what is required , given the scale of this disaster and also its geographic scope , spreading across the poor , large provinces of the country , " Mogwanja said .	U.N. estimates more than a billion dollars damage from the Pakistan flooding U.N. preparing initial flood emergency response plan to address the immediate needs U.N. estimates 1,400 people killed by the flood waters so far , but says number may rise
CNN  Wednesday 's attack in Paris was not the first attack on the offices of Charlie Hebdo , nor the first terror attack planned against a European publication . But it was by far the most lethal act of terrorism to target the media in modern Europe . It raises many troubling questions for the future of a free press , unhindered in its reporting by fear . And it will reopen the debate on where freedom of speech becomes incitement and where restraint equals self-censorship . Charlie Hebdo has published many cartoons lampooning Islamist extremism and , more recently , the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria . One recent cartoon featured ISIS ' leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi . Under editor Stephane Charbonnier , who was among those killed Wednesday , it has been one of several European publications to make a point of taking on extremism and religious intolerance -- knowing it risked deadly consequences . Even when these publications have come under attack , they have continued plowing a lonely and provocative furrow . Charlie Hebdo 's offices were destroyed by a gasoline bomb in 2011 after the magazine carried a caricature of the Prophet Mohammed on the cover , saying "  100 lashes if you are not dying of laughter . " A cartoon inside showed the prophet with a clown 's nose . It also announced he would be editor-in-chief of the next edition . No one was hurt in that attack . Depiction of the prophet is prohibited in Islam and , along with desecration of the Quran , enrages jihadists even more than images of prison abuse or airstrikes -- precisely because it is aimed directly at the prophet and the holy book . Charbonnier said at the time of the 2011 attack that it was the work of "  idiot extremists " and insisted the magazine had the right to poke fun at anything . And then-French Prime Minister Francois Fillon said at the time : "  Freedom of expression is an inalienable right in our democracy and all attacks on the freedom of the press must be condemned with the greatest firmness . " But Wednesday 's attack shows that condemnation and round-the-clock protection of the media are two entirely different things . There was a regular police presence at the offices of Charlie Hebdo , but the officers appear to have been as much a target as the journalists -- an easy , static target for a well-organized attack . And what organizations merit protection ? In the aftermath of Wednesday 's attack , French Prime Minister Manuel Valls announced that "  media organizations , major stores , religious places and public transport  in the Paris area  will be provided with reinforced security . " It is the obvious response , but some would argue that this is just what terrorists want : a climate of fear . In February 2006 , Charlie Hebdo reprinted cartoons of the prophet that had first appeared in the Danish newspaper Jyllands-Posten , itself the target of several plots by Islamist extremists . The magazine said it was reprinting the cartoons in support of press freedom , but then-French President Jacques Chirac criticized the decision as "  overt provocation . " The editor of another French newspaper was fired for reprinting the cartoons . Charlie Hebdo was also taken to court by two Islamic groups in France but acquitted of incitement to racism . The court decided there had been no "  deliberate intention of directly and gratuitously offending the Muslim community . " Charlie Hebdo : Satirical magazine is no stranger to controversy That case encapsulated the dilemma for governments and the media in Europe . When does the exercise of free speech become incitement , provocation or an act of racism ? And is self-censorship necessary in a multicultural society where restraint helps social peace and provocation can bring violence ? The original publication of the cartoons in Jyllands-Posten in September 2005 caused riots across the Muslim world in which an estimated 130 people were killed . The newspaper received more than 100 death threats . Flemming Rose , the culture editor of the newspaper , later published an article in The Washington Post entitled "  Why I Published Those Cartoons , " which is worth quoting at length : "  I commissioned the cartoons in response to several incidents of self-censorship in Europe caused by widening fears and feelings of intimidation in dealing with issues related to Islam . ... The idea was n't to provoke gratuitously -- and we certainly did n't intend to trigger violent demonstrations throughout the Muslim world . Our goal was simply to push back self-imposed limits on expression that seemed to be closing in tighter . " He gave an example , saying one Danish comedian had told Jyllands-Posten that he had no problem urinating on the Bible in front of a camera , but he dared not do the same thing with the Quran . The Tate Gallery in London had confronted the same dilemma -- withdrawing a work called "  God is Great " by John Latham which depicted torn images of the Bible , the Quran and the Talmud . The Tate said that in the wake of the July 2005 bombings , displaying the work would "  not be appropriate . " Some have argued that restraint shows respect and is not cowing to extremism . As Archbishop of Canterbury , Rowan Williams argued in 2008 for stronger measures against incitement of religious hatred , saying that the "  sound of a prosperous and socially secure voice claiming unlimited freedom both to define and to condemn the beliefs of a minority grates on the ear . " There are also some who see the publication of provocative images as a cheap way to publicity . The critic Michael Kimmelman wrote in The New York Times at the height of the cartoon controversy that "  modern artists and their promoters forever pander to a like-minded audience by goading obvious targets , hoping to incite reactions that pass for political point-scoring . " If anything , the atmosphere in Europe is now more combustible than it was in 2006 . Recession has brought unemployment -- in France it is rising fast -- and with it , less tolerance for immigration and minorities , even when they are well established . The anti-immigrant National Front in France topped the poll in last year 's elections to the European Parliament . In the UK , the anti-Europe and anti-immigration party UKIP has made spectacular gains in by-elections . And in Germany , a group calling itself Pegida -- Patriotic Europeans Against the Islamization of the West -- drew nearly 20,000 people to a recent rally in Dresden . Despite condemnation from Chancellor Angela Merkel as well as German business and labor unions , Pegida continues undaunted to challenge the establishment . At the same time , the rise of Islamist militancy has seeped into many of the Muslim immigrant communities that have grown across Europe in the last generation . Younger Muslims , with few prospects and often alienated by what they perceive as victimization by police , are vulnerable to recruitment by extremists . Several thousand from across Europe have already gone to Syria and Iraq , many to fight for jihadist groups such as ISIS and al Nusra . The French Interior Ministry estimates that hundreds of French citizens have left or plan to leave to join the ranks of jihadist groups in Syria or Iraq . A video released by ISIS in November showed three French jihadists calling on other French Muslims to join the fight or carry out attacks in France . One of the fighters said : "  Terrorize them and do not allow them to sleep due to fear and horror . There are weapons and cars available and targets ready to be hit . Even poison is available , so poison the water and food of at least one of the enemies of Allah . Kill them and spit in their faces and run over them with your cars . " Others have already come back from Syria and Iraq . One was arrested and charged in the gun attack on a Jewish museum in Brussels last year ; another was detained in the south of France after bomb-making equipment was found in his apartment . France and Britain have introduced tougher anti-terrorism laws that allow for the confiscation of passports of those suspected of intending to travel to Syria and Iraq to join militant groups . But a free society does n't have the resources , the laws or even perhaps the will to track all such individuals . Ultimately , journalists who want to publish material that 's clearly offensive or inflammatory to some will have to accept the inherent risks in this new environment . Some , like Flemming Rose at Jyllands-Posten , accept that . "  If a believer demands that I , as a nonbeliever , observe his taboos in the public domain , he is not asking for my respect , but for my submission . And that is incompatible with a secular democracy , " he wrote .	Gunmen kill journalists at magazine that lampooned Islamic extremism , ISIS Attack raises questions about where freedom of the press becomes incitement Is restraint self-censorship and submission , or a show of respect ?
CNN  -- American Airlines grounded flights nationwide on Tuesday due to problems over several hours with its computerized reservation system . The decision also resulted its regional affiliate , American Eagle , holding flights at Dallas Ft. Worth , Chicago 's O'Hare and New York LaGuardia -- all major airports for the carrier 's domestic operations . The glitch caused big delays and flight cancellations for the company , which sought court approval on Monday to exit bankruptcy . It plans to merge with US Airways . American CEO Tom Horton apologized the customers in a video Tuesday evening , saying that the glitch was "  a software issue impacting both primary and backup systems . " Bad weather often forces airlines to halt flights in specific regions , but a nationwide grounding is highly unusual . American estimates it flies about 275,000 passengers a day and receives more than 239,000 reservations calls . American first reported computer problems via twitter at noon ET , then announced a ground stop one hour later . Its reservation systems were restored by 4:30 p.m. , but the company said passengers could expect delays and cancellations throughout the day . The Federal Aviation Administration also confirmed that American had sought permission to hold flights . The carrier said in a statement that it saw "  no evidence " that the technical outage was in any way related to Monday 's deadly bombing in Boston that is under investigation as an act of terrorism . Airlines have long been a target of overseas terrorists , although U.S. officials say they have not determined whether the origin of the Boston attack was domestic or foreign . American 's reservation systems are operated by the technology company Sabre , which told CNN that its systems were functioning , but American had trouble connecting . DFW , where American operates 85 % of daily flights , used buses to help get passengers off planes because gates were full of aircraft that had not departed , spokesman David MagaÃ ± a said . Inside the terminal there were some longer lines and the airport was more crowded than it would be on a day with normal operations . The carrier apologized to passengers and said they could rebook on another airline if they must travel on Tuesday and were already at the airport . American was also willing to honor fare differences for rebooked travel , in certain cases , or offer refunds in other circumstances . CNN 's Devon Sayers and Mike Ahlers contributed to this report .	NEW : American CEO apologizes , says the glitch affected the backup system , too Nationwide move is very unusual for a major U.S. airline , big delays Grounding also impacted American 's regional partner , American Eagle NEW : American said it saw no link between its problems and events in Boston
CNN  -- Stephen Gallacher became the first man to make a successful defense of the Dubai Desert Classic title as tournament favorite Rory McIlroy had a day to forget Sunday to fall back into a tie for ninth . Overnight leader Gallacher looked to have blown his chance as he went to the turn with four bogeys , but he recovered magnificently on the back nine of the Majils course to claw back the shots with four birdies . His level-par final round of 72 left him on 16-under 272 , a shot clear of Argentina 's Emiliano Grillo , who had set the clubhouse pace after finishing with a spectacular eagle for a 66 . McIlroy , who had narrowly missed out on a $ 2.5 million prize for a hole in one Saturday , proceeded to miss out on victory after falling away with a 74 . He had started the round two behind playing partner Gallacher , but three bogeys in four holes after the turn scuppered his chances . "  It was just one of those days , " he told gathered reporters . "  I think anything that sort of could go wrong did . Okay I hit a couple of loose drives , but I did n't really get away with them or stuff like that . Just sort of , you know , one of those days . " Gallacher , who had played the opening two rounds in the illustrious company of world number one Tiger Woods and McIlroy , admitted he had made it hard for himself after an appalling start , but his victory has boosted his chances of making the European Ryder Cup team . "  I never do anything easy I 'm afraid , " Gallacher told the official European Tour website . "  What a day -- my emotions are gone . "  To win it on the 25th anniversary , it was a good field with all the champions playing , makes it even more special . " The 39-year-old , a nephew of former European captain Bernard Gallacher , lives just 50km from Gleneagles , where the 2014 contest is being staged and wants to get his qualification points in early . "  I 'm playing in all the events now and hopefully the Masters so that will be brilliant . You do n't want to leave it too late so hopefully I can build on it , " he added . Grillo finished alone in second place , his best result of his career , with France 's Romain Wattel and Brooks Koepka of the United States a further stroke back on 14-under-par . Woods birdied his final three holes for a 71 , but finished well off the pace on six-under and tied for 41st . "  Unfortunately I turned it around too late , " he said . Meanwhile , Kevin Stadler overhauled former Masters champion Bubba Watson to win the Phoenix Open at TPC Scottsdale on the PGA Tour . It was Stadler 's first win in 239 starts after he carded a three-under 68 to win by a shot from Watson on 16-under 268 . Overnight leader Watson had a five-foot par putt on the final hole to force a playoff , but missed it to leave his partner to lift the trophy .	Stephen Gallacher wins Dubai Desert Classic for second year in a row First successful defense in 25-year history of the tournament Rory McIlroy stumbles to a two-over 74 to tie for ninth NEW : Kevin Stadler wins Phoenix Open from Bubba Watson
CNN  -- Saudi Arabia 's King Abdullah has arrived in the United States for medical treatment , the State Department said . "  We hope for his speedy recovery , " the State Department said in a message from its official Twitter account late Monday . The king left Saudi Arabia earlier Monday for treatment of a herniated spinal disc and a blood clot that was causing him back pain , state media said . Saudi dignitaries met him when he arrived at New York 's John F. Kennedy International Airport , the state-run Saudi Press Agency said . The agency 's report did not specify which hospital would be providing treatment to the ruler . "  The medical team recommended that he leaves for the U.S. to visit a spine-specialized medical center in order to complete medical examinations and for follow-up treatment , " Health Minister Abdullah al-Rabeeah said during an interview Sunday with Saudi state television . "  But I assure everyone that he is in a stable condition , and that he is enjoying health and well-being , and God willing , he will be back safe and sound to lead this proud nation . " Doctors performed tests on the 86-year-old monarch Friday after he complained of back pain , and he underwent more tests Sunday , the Saudi Press Agency reported . His doctors have advised him to rest , but he took calls from Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak and Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad in which the regional leaders wished him a speedy recovery , the news agency reported . King Abdullah named Crown Prince Sultan to administer the state 's affairs in the monarch 's absence , the news agency said . The prince was expected to return to Riyadh while the king is overseas , the Saudi Press Agency said . But there are also questions about the crown prince 's health : He has lived in Morocco for much of the past year-and-a-half after surgery for an undisclosed ailment in February 2009 . The top three figures in the kingdom -- Abdullah , Sultan and Prince Nayef , the country 's interior minister and second deputy prime minister -- are all sons of King Abdul Aziz Ibn Saud , who founded modern Saudi Arabia in 1932 . Abdullah has ruled the oil-rich kingdom since the August 2005 death of his half-brother , King Fahd . But Abdullah ran most of the kingdom 's affairs for a decade before that on behalf of his ailing half-brother . Since coming to power , he has sought to establish rules and procedures for many Saudi institutions , giving him a reputation as a reformer in the highly conservative nation . CNN 's Mohammed Jamjoom and Matt Smith contributed to this report .	NEW : The king lands at New York 's John F. Kennedy International Airport "  We hope for his speedy recovery , " the U.S. State Department says Officials say Saudi King Abdullah has a herniated disc and blood clot Abdullah is healthy and in stable condition , the nation 's health minister says
CNN  -- Goals from Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Kevin-Prince Boateng earned reigning Serie A champions AC Milan a 2-1 victory over local rivals Internazionale in the Italian Super Cup played at the Bird 's Nest stadium in Beijing on Saturday . Wesley Sneijder put Inter ahead after 22 minutes with a curling free-kick past Milan 's ` keeper Christian Abbiati , before former Inter striker , Ibrahimovic headed home an equalizer from close range in the 60th minute . Milan 's winner came just nine minutes later , as Ghanaian international , Boateng reacted quickest after substitute Alexandre Pato 's shot deflected off the post . Van der Sar says farewell Inter , now coached by Gian Piero Gasperini , pressed in vain for an equalizer but could n't stop their great rivals lifting the trophy for a sixth time . AC Milan begin the defense of their Serie A title on 27 August , away to Cagliari . Inter , last season 's runners-up , kick off their Serie A campaign the following day against Lecce .	Milan beat rivals Inter 2-1 in close fought Italian Super Cup match in Beijing Kevin Prince Boateng scores winner , after Wesley Sneijder had put Inter ahead
NEW YORK  CNN  -- The U.S. government paid more than $ 1.7 million in defense contracts over the last decade to companies owned by leaders of Warren Jeffs ' polygamous sect , with tens of thousands allegedly winding its way back to Jeffs and his church . The Pentagon had contracts with three companies with ties to Warren Jeffs ' polygamous sect . In fact , some of the deals were made after Jeffs was named to the FBI 's "  Most-Wanted List " and remained in place while he was on the run . CNN has learned that between 1998 and 2007 , the United States Air Force and Defense Logistics Agency purchased more than $ 1.7 million worth of airplane parts from three companies owned by members of the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints , which practices polygamy . Those companies are Utah Tool and Die , Western Precision and NewEra Manufacturing . Today , the companies all operate under the name NewEra Manufacturing , a company based in Las Vegas , Nevada , that says it supplies precision components "  for the aerospace , military , medical , recreational and other commercial entities . " "  It was my understanding that Western Precision was paying roughly $ 50,000 a week into the coffers of the church , " former sect member Richard Holm said . "  It would have been close to $ 200,000 a month . " Holm said he helped build Western Precision . A court affidavit signed by a man whose father was the president of Western Precision makes similar allegations . "  During 2003 , the amount being sent to the storehouse and the FLDS was around $ 100,000 per month , " John Nielsen said in the October 26 , 2005 , affidavit . "  I have personal knowledge that checks sent to the FLDS Church/Warren Jeffs by -LSB- Western Precision -RSB- are payable to the FLDS Church and/or Warren Jeffs . " Private investigator Sam Brower , who monitors the sect , said money earned through business dealings with the U.S. government was used to build Jeffs ' compounds across the country , including the one recently raided in Eldorado , Texas . More than 400 children , including teenage girls , were removed from that ranch amid claims of child abuse and forced marriage and motherhood . Watch a mom plead : ` We need our children ' " Brower says dozens of companies tied to FLDS are working on contracts with federal or local governments . The Pentagon would confirm only it had contracts with three . A man who answered the phone at NewEra Manufacturing said it had no comment . The companies have not been charged with wrongdoing . Pentagon spokesman Geoff Morrell emphasized that point . "  The Department of Defense awards contracts on the basis of who can most effectively meet our requirements for supplies or services at the most reasonable cost to the taxpayer , " he said . "  We do not consider religious affiliation or marital status when selecting vendors , but illegal activity is certainly cause for termination of a contract and perhaps even debarment , which could prevent a contractor from doing business with department ever again . " He added , "  However , DoD is not aware of any criminal allegations against anyone managing the companies in question . " Bob Maginnis , a retired Army lieutenant colonel who now works with a contractor for the Pentagon , said the department does background checks before signing contracts . "  The DoD is obviously abiding by the law , and if we want them to look deeper and discriminate on religious or other activities we need to tell them . " But he added , "  If there was a direct line between Jeffs and this company , and his name was associated with a contract , then that should have come to attention of those that were bidding contract . " It 's unclear whether Jeffs ' name was on any contract , but other senior members of his church were managing the companies . What might taxpayers think of it all ? "  They 're just going to shake their head and say here 's another example of our tax money going down the drain to support this polygamist in Texas who abuses children and women , " Maginnis said . "  They 'll be appalled and rightly so . " Jeffs is serving time in Utah after his 2007 conviction for being an accomplice to rape , charges related to a marriage he performed in 2001 . He also faces trial in Arizona on eight charges of sexual conduct with a minor , incest and conspiracy . See a timeline of Jeffs ' life " The Mormon Church , which gave up plural marriage more than a century ago , has no ties to Jeffs ' group . E-mail to a friend	Pentagon bought airplane parts from companies tied to Warren Jeffs Contracts continued even after Jeffs was on FBI "  Most-Wanted List " Pentagon defends contracts , stands by them as appropriate Retired Army colonel says nothing illegal happened , but people will be "  appalled "
You ca n't escape the headlines . An Australian going to college in the United States is gunned down by teens who police say killed him out of boredom . A few days later , a World War II veteran is beaten to death for reasons still unknown . The death of Australian Christopher Lane in Duncan , Oklahoma , even sparked calls for Aussies to boycott travel to the United States because of all the violence . Two shocking , high-profile crimes , one question : "  What the hell is going on !? " Facebook user Stacey James Gordon wrote on CNN 's Facebook page . "  This country better wake up ... our youth have serious issues , " Heather Chesser wrote . Although the cases have struck a nerve with their disturbing randomness and apparent cruelty , the reality is that living in the United States may never have been safer , and you 're much more likely to be the victim of a crime committed by someone you know than you are to be assaulted by a stranger . Nearly eight of every 10 murders in the United States between 1993 and 2008 were committed by someone the victim knew , according a 2010 report by the federal Bureau of Justice Statistics . The report did n't include figures for 2011 or 2012 . Similarly , nearly two out of every three nonviolent crimes were committed by someone the victim knew . Pair that with figures on overall crime : According to the FBI , the violent crime rate in the United States is about half what it was in 1992 . And between 1992 and 2011 , the annual number of murders in the United States fell from 23,760 to 14,612 despite a growing population . Rape , robbery , assault , even property crimes also fell in a well-documented decline that has gone on for years , albeit with a small upturn in 2012 . Criminologists have cited shifts in the crack cocaine market , which drove many 1990s-era murders ; an increase in the number of offenders behind bars ; the country 's aging population ; and more sophisticated policing for the declines . But perceptions of crime have n't always followed the reality . In May , a Pew Research Center study found that 56 % of Americans believe that gun violence is higher than it was 20 year ago , even though it has fallen precipitously since the 1990s . And in 2011 , Gallup found that 68 % of Americans believed crime was getting worse , despite the reality of declining crime rates nationwide .	Crime rates have been declining for years Most crimes are committed by people known to the victims But perception of crime does n't always match statistics Many U.S. residents believe crime is getting worse
CareerBuilder.com  -- Their jobs may not be the most common in the world , but they are certainly some of the most interesting . Meet 10 people with unusual positions that might make the rest of the workforce a wee bit envious : 1 . Chocolatier What kid does n't wish he could grow up to work in a candy factory ? As chief chocolatier and vice president of operations for Bissinger 's Handcrafted Chocolatier in St. Louis , Missouri , Dave Owens is a real-life Willy Wonka . Besides making sure that the molasses puffs are up to par and the chocolate-caramel lollipops are just perfectly chewy , he also helps the 340-year-old company develop new products by putting a spin on its traditional recipes  margarita salt caramels , anyone ?  . 2 . Professional rum drinker While the title sounds like something you might have dreamed of becoming during college , Chicago-based Edward Hamilton takes his rum seriously . Hamilton has spent 20 years sailing the Caribbean learning about rum , and he shares his knowledge with companies in the adult beverage industry . He also writes books , serves as an expert source for media inquiries about rum and operates the website Ministry of Rum . 3 . Social media trainer Though it may look like she 's "  playing " on the computer all day , Kerry Rego of Santa Rosa , California , is actually hard at work . As a social media trainer , Rego customizes Facebook pages , sets up e-mail newsletters and teaches individuals and businesses that a "  Tweet " is more than a noise a bird makes . CareerBuilder.com : Jobs that pay well , no degree required 4 . Game designer Like Rego , Jim Zielinski often looks like he is playing during working hours . As a senior game designer with Incredible Technologies in Arlington Heights , Illinois , he is paid to dream up greens , sand traps and water hazards for Golden Tee 's virtual golf courses . To add elements of realism to the fictitious fairways , Zielinski studies and incorporates native plants and wildlife into the settings . 5 . Tour package organizer When Ludus Tours organizes trips to events such as Oktoberfest in Munich , Germany , or the recent Winter Olympics in Vancouver , Canada , someone needs to make sure that the clients are having a good time . Enter poor Victoria Whyte , a public relations manager who is often called upon to leave her desk to scout out areas first-hand and help vacationers find things like the best dance bars around Pamplona , Spain , when in town for the Running of the Bulls . 6 . Professional bargain hunter Karen Hoxmeier of Murrieta , California , not only benefits from finding a good bargain -- she gets paid to pass it along . What started out more than a decade ago as a hobby has developed into MyBargainBuddy.com , a website devoted to great deals , coupon codes and other ways to save . Stores pay Hoxmeier a commission to list and sell their merchandise , and thousands of members take advantage of not having to scout out deals on their own . CareerBuilder.com : 2 weeks at this job and I HATE it -- should I quit ? 7 . Matchmaker While many of us have played amateur matchmaker by setting up friends on dates , Emily Fry puts her knack for pairing to professional use . As president of In Good Company , an upscale matchmaking service located in Chicago , Fry gets to meet new and interesting people every day and find out what makes them tick . Then , she matches up clients and waits to see if the fireworks start . 8 . Personal historian Another worker who gets to meet interesting people on a daily basis is Corina Kellam , founder of Life History Books . Individuals and families hire her team of personal historians to conduct interviews , collect photos and organize the information into high-quality books that preserve personal memories for generations . 9 . Certified image consultant Sort of a modern-day fairy godmother , Julie Maeder of New Leaf Image Consulting in Troy , Michigan , helps improve her clients ' self-esteem through style and wardrobe changes . In addition to shopping for garments and accessories that specifically flatter each individual , she raids their closets to "  edit out everything that does n't fit , flatter or make them feel fantastic . " She even does hair and make-up "  makeovers " for those wanting a greater change . CareerBuilder.com : Why are n't employers calling me back ? 10 . Corporate comedian Finally , imagine getting paid "  to make people laugh so hard that they almost wet their pants . " This is what Kevin Carroll of Westport , Connecticut , says he does as a corporate comedian -- someone hired to invigorate business events and drive home key messages in a humorous manner . Carroll 's specialty is roasting : creating a custom , good-natured presentation  complete with Photo-shopped slides  based on tidbits he learns beforehand about key people . "  It creates great energy and a buzz in the room and sends everyone off on a high . " & copy CareerBuilder.com 2011 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority .	Edward Hamilton is a professional rum drinker and advises companies Jim Zielinski is paid to dream up greens and sand traps for virtual golf courses Karen Hoxmeier scouts out good deals for a living
AOL Autos  -- President Barack Obama 's new presidential limousine grabbed some headlines this year - especially in Detroit -- when General Motors announced in January that Obama was getting a brand-new 2009 Cadillac Presidential Limousine , the first presidential limo that did not carry a specific model name . The Obama limo has high-tech security features that Kennedy 's limo lacked . That got me to thinking about another famous  or , perhaps more accurately , infamous  presidential limo -- one that for many years has been sitting on display , for all the world to see , at the Henry Ford Museum in Dearborn , right in the heart of Ford country -- and just five minutes from my home . I 'm referring to the 1961 Lincoln Continental 4-door convertible sedan that President John F. Kennedy was riding in on that historic / tragic day in November of 1963 when he was assassinated . Why would Obama 's new limo prompt thoughts of the Kennedy limo ? Well , perhaps in part because political commentators and historians have compared Obama to Kennedy , in terms of his charisma , his popularity and his call to service . See the first armored presidential limo " But it 's also because the Kennedy limo represents a more innocent and less anxiety-ridden time in our nation 's history . At the time of his assassination , Kennedy 's limo had none of the high-tech features that protect Obama today -- nor was it even equipped with any of those features that have protected every other president since Kennedy . Indeed , it was n't until after Kennedy 's assassination that the Secret Service and the limo manufacturers thought to add all of the protective armor , bulletproof glass and other safety systems that have been considered pro-forma for more than 40 years . AOL Autos : Most affordable luxury cars Direct comparisons between the JFK limo and Obama 's new ride are difficult , because General Motors and the Secret Service , citing security concerns , have been tight-lipped about the Obama limo , not offering any details -- not even about the size or type of engine that powers it . In January , Nicholas Trotta , the assistant director for the office of protective operations , was quoted as saying that "  although many of the vehicles ' security enhancements can not be discussed , it is safe to say that this car 's security and coded communications systems make it the most technologically advanced protection vehicle in the world . " AOL Autos : The latest car technology The Detroit News also reported in January that the Obama limo has five-inch - thick heavy armor , run-flat tires , bulletproof glass and a completely sealed interior designed to thwart a chemical attack . GM declined to confirm that report , although those types of protective features/systems are not uncommon for modern-day presidential limousines . AOL Autos : 10 best cars of 2009 Gazing at history Once inside the Henry Ford Museum , in order to see the JFK limo , you walk past the 1952 Oscar Mayer Weinermobile , past the museum 's displays of historic furniture and agricultural equipment , past its vintage pewter and silver collection . And , finally , there it is -- across the aisle from a yellow-orange 1927 Bluebird school bus and a neon-lit display that pays homage to the vintage roadside drive-ins and burger joints that are part of American-highway lore  McDonald 's , A&W , White Castle , etc.  . AOL Autos : Best car names of all-time The JFK limo is parked right behind the 1972 Lincoln Continental limousine that Ronald Reagan was stepping into when he was shot in 1981 .  The museum 's collection of presidential limos also includes Dwight Eisenhower 's 1950 Lincoln "  Bubbletop " convertible sedan and Franklin D. Roosevelt 's 1939 Lincoln "  Sunshine Special . "  AOL Autos : Lincoln Continental Many of us recall , from repeated viewings of the Zapruder-film footage of the assassination , that Kennedy 's limo was midnight blue . But it 's now black . In fact , it 's been black since Lyndon Johnson ordered that new paint job in 1964 , thinking that the midnight-blue color was too closely associated in the public mind with Kennedy 's assassination . The JFK limo actually remained part of the White House fleet until 1978 -- meaning it was in use as late as the Carter administration , although not as the primary parade vehicle . After it was retired that year , Lincoln retained possession and then donated it to the museum . Viewing it today , as it sits surrounded by a waist-high , heavy-duty black iron fence , it definitely looks like a car that has seen some wear -- there are chips in the paint on the doors and fenders , and multiple scuffs on the bumpers . The rear passenger-side window - the one nearest to where Kennedy was sitting -- is about 80 percent lowered , allowing visitors to peer into the back seat and mentally re-visit that momentous day . "  Do Not Touch , " reads a small black-and-white sign affixed to the top edge of the lowered window . Again , the JFK limo 's complete lack of protective features at the time reminds us that 1963 was indeed a very different time in America . "  It did n't even have a permanent roof , " says Bob Casey , the museum 's curator of transportation . "  It was a convertible that only had removable steel and transparent-plastic roof panels , and they were not bullet-proof . The doors were n't bullet-proof , either , and it did n't have a special protective steel plate attached to the undercarriage . " What it did have was a 430-cubic-inch V8 engine that originally delivered 300 horsepower  after JFK 's assassination , it was beefed up to 350 horses  -- plus small "  step-ups " and grab handles for secret service agents . It also had a heavy-duty suspension , brakes , axle and tires to accommodate extra weight . "  At the time , Lincoln had an arrangement with the government , " says Casey , "  where the company would provide these vehicles to the White House for a nominal lease fee , to be used as parade vehicles , and then the Secret Service would have them customized . " The JFK limo was assembled at the Lincoln plant in Wixom , Michigan , in January of 1961 . Then , an Ohio customizing house , Hess and Eisenhardt , modified it by literally cutting it in half , extending it by three-and-a-half feet , re-assembling it , and reinforcing the middle section where that extra sheet metal had been added . The Ohio company made the other modifications , as well . "  That 's really it ? " If that Continental would have gone to a dealership after it rolled off the line , it would have retailed for $ 7,347 , according to the museum . The customization cost almost $ 200,000 on top of that . "  People will come in , look at it , do a double-take , and ask , ` That 's really it ? The car Kennedy was shot in ? ' Then they 'll remark that "  it does n't look like it did that day in Dallas , ' " Casey notes . "  And that 's true -- it does n't . After Kennedy was assassinated , it suddenly became much more important to protect the president than to see the president . That 's when they added the permanent , armored steel top , the bulletproof glass and the armored plates on the sides .  And the black paint job . "  And some visitors , the ones who are old enough to remember that day , do get emotional when they see that vehicle . " But despite the Secret Service 's best efforts to protect the commander-in-chief , subsequent presidents still succumbed to the desire to be seen by the people . The trunk lid of the " 61 JFK limo was armored after Lyndon Johnson dented it when he clambered up onto it while campaigning , and Richard Nixon had a hole cut in the roof so he could stand up and wave to crowds , notes Casey . As for the protective features in Obama 's presidential limo - and the Secret Service being so mum on the particulars -- Casey remarks : "  I can understand that . They do n't want anyone who might want to harm the president to know exactly what its protective capacities are . But you can safely assume it 's very heavily armored , and can withstand bombs , rocket-propelled grenades , and has filtering systems to protect the occupants from poison gasses . " And here 's another sober reminder that it 's not 1963 any more - or even the early '90s : "  The Reagan limo we have on display , when it was retired from the White House fleet in 1992 -- that was the last presidential limousine that ever went back to the manufacturer after being retired , " says Casey . "  Ever since , the government has retained ownership of the presidential limousines -- because they do n't want anyone else to know what kind of armor or other safety technology they 've added to them . "	Historians compare Obama to Kennedy , in terms of his charisma and popularity The Kennedy limo represents a more innocent and less anxiety-ridden time in history GM and the Secret Service have been tight-lipped about the Obama limo The government has retained ownership of recent limos , says museum curator
CNN  -- A fast-moving brush fire near Daytona Beach at one point forced the evacuation of 300 homes and spread to 1,000 acres Saturday , Greg Dunn of the Florida Forest Service said . By late Saturday , the blaze was 75 % contained and occupants of most of the homes were allowed to return . Interstate 95 in Volusia County reopened after it was closed in both directions because of the fire and poor visibility , authorities said . Thick smoke rose from the fast-moving fire , which was being fueled by high winds and low humidity , Dunn said , adding he expects the same conditions Sunday . Firefighters from Volusia and Flagler counties , the state forest service and all city fire departments were working to fight the fire , the Volusia County government website said . By Saturday evening , the fire had destroyed two structures -- a barn and a chicken coop , Dunn said . Volusia County Animal Control was helping to evacuate horses and other large animals from the area , the county government said . CNN 's Janet DiGiacomo and Melissa Gray contributed to this report .	NEW : Fire 75 % contained late Saturday ; many allowed back home NEW : Interstate 95 in Volusia County is reopened The fire is burning near Daytona Beach High winds and low humidity are helping the fire move quickly
SEATTLE , Washington  CNN  -- A 16-year-old girl was found dead and another girl was found unconscious in an Army barracks at Fort Lewis near Tacoma , Washington , during the weekend , a base spokesman said Monday . "  Neither of the two women had any outward signs of trauma on them , " said Fort Lewis spokesman Joseph Piek . He said that an Army solider who was "  allegedly an acquaintance " of the two 16-year-olds was questioned by investigators , but no arrests had been made . The spokesman said the name and rank of the soldier who had been questioned was not being released . According to an Army news release , the names of the two girls "  are not being released due to their ages , their civilian status , and the nature of the ongoing investigation . " The Fort Lewis Criminal Investigation Division is trying to determine why the two girls were in the barracks , where soldiers live , and what led to their conditions when they were found . Emergency personnel from the base responded to a 911 call about 3:30 a.m. Sunday and found the two girls in one of the barracks . A doctor declared one of the girls dead on the scene , and the second girl was transported to Madigan Army Hospital , where she was in stable condition Monday . The Office of the Armed Forces Medical Examiner is conducting an autopsy , Piek said , and it will be at least a week before results are complete . Both girls are from the nearby South Puget Sound area but were not related to anyone living on base , Piek said . Both girls ' families had been notified , he said . Although Fort Lewis is not open to civilians , they can be escorted in by a soldier living there if they have identification and a reason for coming onto the facility . The circumstances of how the girls came unto the base are under investigation , Piek said , but there was no evidence that security had been compromised . About 30,000 military personnel are based at Fort Lewis . Barracks where soldiers live are usually split into rooms for one to three soldiers , Piek said . Details about the barracks where the girls where found were not released .	Second girl found unconscious in barracks at Fort Lewis , Washington Soldier has been questioned , but no arrests have been made The two teens had no outward signs of trauma on them , spokesman says Fort Lewis not open to civilians but can be escorted onto base by personnel
CNN  -- A few days before he graduated , one of my students asked me how does one keep up with public affairs  as I was advocating  when you have a demanding full-time job , a cute but fussy baby , an elderly parent who needs attending and something of a social life ? I suggested that he listen to NPR , watch CNN -- and once in a while choose a particular story to follow . For example , the report of what happens when major American corporations break the law . The New York Times recently investigated the ways the Securities and Exchange Commission  SEC  deals with companies who have violated anti-fraud laws . Very often , the settlement that follows contains a promise not to break the law again , which the Times noted is odd because the company , "  after all , was merely promising not to do something that the law already forbids . " Often the same corporations violate the law again -- and make the same promise again and again . The Times found 51 cases over the past 15 years in which 19 Wall Street firms broke anti-fraud laws they had promised not to break . These firms include Goldman Sachs , Morgan Stanley , JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America . When faced with these multiple violations , the SEC simply reaches another settlement and extracts another promise , rather than bring a contempt charge in court . Furthermore , these settlements do not even require the companies to admit to the charges brought against them . Instead , there is a provision that lets them "  neither admit nor deny " the violations , which makes them less vulnerable to investor lawsuits . Shortly after the Times article appeared , the Washington Post reported that the SEC agreed to collect $ 285 million as a penalty for a $ 700 million loss to investors due to fraud committed by Citigroup , and again allowed Citigroup to cop the "  neither admit nor deny " clause . On Monday , U.S. District Judge Jed S. Rakoff rejected the settlement as too weak , joining others who criticized the SEC as toothless , saying it gives a pass to executives and allows corporations to conceal that they violated the law . The director of the Oscar-winning documentary "  Inside Job , " Charles Ferguson , pointed out earlier this year the widespread fraud involved in the mortgage scandals . Despite corporations having hired people to forge thousands of signatures , "  not only has nobody gone to jail , but there have n't even been any criminal prosecutions . Literally zero under the Obama administration . " When some suggested that bringing cases against high-ranking executives in the financial industry is difficult , Ferguson argued that the common use of cocaine and prostitutes on Wall Street could easily be used as "  leverage . " However , no action has been taken . The main lesson about public affairs , I told my student , is in the reactions that followed the Times and Post revelations . Nothing happened . The rest of the media paid much more mind to the latest person accusing Herman Cain of sexual misconduct than to new revelations about common corporate crime and how corporations get away with it . The White House seemed not to have noticed . We heard nothing from the Department of Justice . Democratic leaders in Congress did not express any outrage , let alone order a new investigation . True , a federal judge rejected a settlement with one of these corporations , but it is far from clear what the final settlement will be . I told my student that such news stories tell volumes about the state of our polity : a strong Wall Street , a weak political class and an exhausted public . Some days one can not but wonder whether one should join Occupy Wall Street , the tea party or both . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Amitai Etzioni .	It 's instructive to follow a news story and see how people respond to it , says Amitai Etzioni For example , Wall Street firms repeatedly break laws they 've pledged not to break , he says Etzioni : SEC lets these firms off with weak settlements , and they wo n't admit wrongdoing The media and our government ignore such outrages , allowing them to continue , he says
Manzanillo , Mexico  CNN  -- The storm recently known as Jova has dissipated over western Mexico , but its rains and flooding were responsible for at least six deaths , officials said . In the Mexican state of Colima , one person was swept away in a car by rushing water on the highway , state civil protection spokesman Luis Enrique Venegas told CNN . Three others in Colima were reported missing , he said . "  The main problem for us is damage to roads , bridges and streets . Infrastructure was severely affected by this hurricane and it 's going to take a while to get back to normal , " he said "  We 're trying to reopen roads as soon as possible . " Jova struck Mexico as a Category 2 hurricane late Tuesday , packing winds of more than 100 miles per hour . It weakened into a tropical storm and then a tropical depression as it moved over western Mexico Wednesday . In Jalisco state , civil protection authorities said that they found a body after a mudslide , the state-run Notimex news agency reported . A total of five people have died in Jalisco , the agency reported . The bodies were found as the focus Thursday shifted to cleanup along Mexico 's Pacific coast , while the floodwaters from Jova recede . Some residents took to rooftops in the resort town of Manzanillo , one of the hardest-hit areas , as a normally small stream turned into a raging river . Water was waist-deep in some areas on Wednesday . At least 1,400 people were in shelters , police said . "  The roads are all flooded . Bridges are about to fall down . Cars ca n't get through anywhere . People 's homes are destroyed , " Manzanillo resident Seth Berkowitz said . "  What came through here has really been a terrible disaster for everybody . " Floodwaters rushed into many homes in low-lying areas of Manzanillo . Resident Roberto Robles lost most of his furniture and spent Wednesday dealing with massive amounts of mud inside his home . "  We were really afraid , especially for the children , who still do n't understand what a hurricane is , " he said . Javier Velasquez said mud ruined his refrigerator when his kitchen filled with water in the early morning hours . "  Only God knows why something like this happens , " he said . "  They had warned us , but we thought they were crying wolf . "	NEW : In the aftermath of Jova , six deaths are reported NEW : One person was swept away in a car NEW : Officials say infrastructure and roads were damaged
CNN  -- Russell Armstrong complained before his apparent suicide that his estranged wife 's reality show was going to "  crucify " him in its upcoming season , his mother said Wednesday . John Ann Hotchkiss said Armstrong and his wife Taylor , a cast member on Bravo 's "  The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills , " had been happy before they agreed to join the reality show . Once it aired , "  I watched it slowly destroy their marriage , " she told HLN 's "  Issues with Jane Velez-Mitchell . " "  Before the new season even started , before he took his life , he said , ` Mom , they 're just going to crucify me this season , ' " Hotchkiss said . "  He said , ' I do n't know what to do . I 'll never survive it . ' I thought he meant businesswise or something , " Hotchkiss said . "  Perhaps there was a double meaning there . I do n't know . " Russell Armstrong was found dead at a home in the hills above the Los Angeles suburb of Bel Air on Monday , police said . His wife had filed for divorce in July , telling People magazine that she was verbally and physically abused during their nearly six-year marriage . Hotchkiss said her son was upset by the criticism of other cast members and complained that "  All the network cares about are ratings . " "  I know it hurt him deeply , because he would talk to me about it -- never criticizing Taylor , of course , " she said . "  I know it brought him down . " Bravo did not respond to requests for comment Wednesday . In a statement posted on the network 's website , Executive Vice President Andy Cohen said the network was "  still trying to process yesterday 's very sad news " and trying to figure out what to do with the upcoming season of the show , which had been set to premiere September 5 . Armstrong 's lawyer , Ronald Richards , said the allegations of verbal and physical abuse stemmed from "  drunk arguments " between the couple . Meanwhile , Armstrong was financially drained , had been defending himself against a multimillion-dollar lawsuit and his credit cards had been suspended -- all pressures Richards said were made worse by the show . "  He takes a lot of time , doing a lot of events for the show , and he starts supporting an increasingly more expensive lifestyle , " Richards told HLN . "  So he ends up being in a very vulnerable position financially , because he 's totally distracted now , supporting the show . And then these constant press reports about negative things about him hurt his capital business . " Richards said the couple should be edited out of the upcoming show , "  and he should rest in peace . " Watch ISSUES with Jane Velez-Mitchell Monday through Sunday at 7pm ET on HLN . For the latest from ISSUES click here .	Russell Armstrong 's mother says show "  slowly destroy " her son 's marriage Armstrong appears to have hanged himself Monday , police say He and reality show cast member Taylor Armstrong were divorcing
CNN  -- One goal in eight matches for new club Liverpool , and dumped by the Italian national team . Perhaps the man known as "  Super " Mario Balotelli is n't feeling quite so super at present . Offloaded by Italian giants AC Milan prior to the start of the season , the 24-year-old is already onto the fourth high-profile club of his fledgling career . And until the striker , painted as a maverick and a trouble maker in the press , proves he can ' "  carry " a club , his enormous potential may go unfulfilled , according to Milan director Umberto Gandini . "  Probably Mario has not made the transition yet from being just a fantastic athlete to a great player , " Gandini told CNN of one of the most talked about players in world football . "  The expectation was probably bigger  at AC Milan  , and I think also his expectations , and he has not reached the status yet where he can carry the club . "  Until he will do that he wo n't be able to fulfill his promises . " Balotelli has struggled to adapt to life back in the English Premier League , scoring just one goal in eight matches for Liverpool since his $ 25 million move in August . Even his new manager Brendan Rodgers admitted signing the former Inter forward was a "  calculated risk " given his checkered past , saying the player himself knows this is probably his last chance . Not helping him is the shadow of the man he replaced on Merseyside -- Luis Suarez , now at Spanish club Barcelona . The Uruguayan achieved cult status at the club , scoring 82 goals in 133 appearances , and 31 times last season as the Reds came agonizingly close to a first Premier League title since 1990 . And while there are similarities in the way the pair have courted controversy in the past , Balotelli is yet to offered any hint of the potency that punctuated Suarez 's stay at the club . He is yet to get off the mark in the Premier League and whether he will play alongside Daniel Sturridge on Sunday against QPR , the England striker having returned to fitness , remains to be seen . Tales of Balotelli 's private life dominated his last stint in England and Milan president Silvio Berlusconi , the former Italian prime minister , this week said the striker was signed against his advice , calling him a "  bad apple . " But that is at odds with Gandini 's assessment -- that Balotelli is far more professional than he is portrayed -- though he does acknowledge the player is energized by conflict . "  He is much , much better than he is portrayed and his lifestyle was much better than portrayed in England , " Gandini added . "  He is a fantastic kid , he is humble , and recognizes a lot of values that football has given to him , and life in general . "  I think he loves the fight . He loves to fight with something or somebody -- on the pitch , in life . He 's always trying to take the stance .	Milan director Umberto Gandini tells CNN the time was right for Mario Balotelli to leave Gandini says the controversial striker is not yet at the stage where he can "  carry the club " Balotelli left Milan for Liverpool in August but has had a modest start to life at Anfield The 24-year-old has just one goals in eight matches and was recently benched
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- The security guard accused of assassinating the governor of Pakistan 's Punjab province was ordered into police custody for five days Thursday , after a court hearing on his case had to be moved several times . Muhammad Mumtaz Qadri has been hailed as a hero in some quarters for gunning down Gov. Salman Taseer , a liberal lawmaker who had spoken out against the country 's blasphemy laws , which make it a crime punishable by death to insult Islam , the Quran or the Prophet Mohammed . "  He had taken a very brave position on the blasphemy laws , " said Taseer 's sister-in-law , Ayesha Tammy Haq , who noted that the governor had come under intense criticism from fundamentalists after suggesting that the capital punishment aspect of the law ought to be revisited . "  I think the Pakistan People 's Party will honor its commitment " to amend the law , she said . Qadri 's hearing in a Pakistani anti-terrorism court came hours after it was originally supposed to be held , and illustrated the power of hard-liners on Pakistan 's streets to influence court proceedings . Police had planned to bring the suspect to the court in Rawalpindi early Thursday morning . But Qadri 's supporters -- conservative lawyers , madrasa students and others -- converged on the courthouse . Many cheered him for shooting Taseer , and for security reasons authorities changed plans and drove Qadri to Islamabad in an armored vehicle , planning to hold the hearing in a makeshift court in a heavily secured area of the capital . There were three layers of security at that site , and media and onlookers were kept well back from the vehicle that carried Qadri . Officials say Judge Malik Mohammad Akram Awan was asked to come to Islamabad to preside over the hearing . But the crowd of supporters in Rawalpindi prevented the judge from traveling to the capital , so police had to bring Qadri back to Rawalpindi to hold his hearing there . Officials say police had asked to keep Qadri in custody for 12 days , but the judge granted five . Investigators plan to continue interrogating the bodyguard . They 're trying to determine if he acted alone , or had outside help . On Wednesday , authorities said that Qadri was banned five months ago by a provincial police official from providing security to VIPs . The director inspector general of Punjab Police said the guard had extremist views and it had been determined it was unsafe for him to guard important officials , said the Pakistani president 's special political adviser , Faisal Raza Abidi . Despite that assessment , the Punjab Police employed Qadri for security this week . The warning signs about Qadri go back even further , said Rana Shahid Pervez , senior police official in Rawalpindi . Pakistani intelligence agencies had warned officials in 2004 not to use Qadri after they uncovered connections between him and the religious group Dawat-e-Islami -- a Sunni group that claims it has a closer connection to the Prophet Mohammed than other Muslims . Pervez said Qadri came from an area of Rawalpindi called Sadiq Abad , adjacent to the capital , Islamabad . He came from a poor family and his father is a laborer who built homes . Qadri joined the police force in 2002 , and was selected for the elite force course in 2008 , four years after the warning from intelligence agencies , Pervez said . Qadri was one of 468 elite force guards in the Rawalpindi Police , which randomly assigns them as escorts to VIPs and officials like Taseer . Qadri was assigned to the governor on Tuesday . He had been his security guard many times before the shooting , according to Pervez , who disputed the reported link to Dawat-e-Islami . Qadri "  killed the governor totally from his own beliefs regarding Mohammed , and no group was behind him , " Pervez said . The shooting occurred at a market in Islamabad . Qadri confessed to assassinating Taseer because "  he did blasphemy of the Prophet Mohammed , " Naeem Iqbal , spokesman for Islamabad police , said Tuesday . Qadri told police Taseer had described the blasphemy laws as "  the black laws . " After the shooting , Qadri immediately surrendered to authorities , the Associated Press of Pakistan reported , citing Interior Minister Rahman Malik . Dr. Sharif Astori , a spokesman for Poly Clinic Hospital , told CNN doctors counted 26 bullets in the governor 's body . A spotlight was put on Pakistan 's controversial law in November when a Christian woman , Asia Bibi of Punjab province , was sentenced to death for blasphemy . A court found the 45-year-old woman guilty of defiling the name of the Prophet Mohammed during a 2009 argument with fellow Muslim field workers . An investigation by a Pakistani government ministry found the charges against Bibi stemmed from "  religious and personal enmity " and recommended she be released . The government also said it would review the law . Taseer said he would like to see the law "  changed in such a way that it just basically says , if you insult any prophet , no matter who he is , that 's a criminal offense , but certainly not punishable by death . " CNN 's Nasir Habib and Nosheen Abbas contributed to this report .	The suspect finally appeared in court in Rawalpindi after several changes of venue Qadri has been hailed as a hero in some quarters Salman Taseer was apparently killed for opposing Pakistan 's blasphemy law The shooting occurred at an Islamabad market
CNN  -- It 's not often that I agree with Sarah Palin . But when she comes around to a liberal point of view on an issue , that is to be noted with praise . So , good for you , Sarah , for flip-flopping on the issue of hard work . Palin took to Facebook recently to praise the remarks of liberal actor Ashton Kutcher , who has in the past donated tens of thousands of dollars to Democrats and participated in a star-studded video pledging , "  to serve our President  Obama  and all mankind . " So how did this Hollywood liberal become the darling of Sarah Palin ? By speaking out on behalf of a truly liberal value : hard work . "  I believe that opportunity looks a lot like hard work , " Kutcher said in a speech he gave at the Teen Choice Awards . "  I 've never had a job in my life that I was better than . I was always just lucky to have a job . And every job I had was a steppingstone to my next job , and I never quit my job until I had my next job . " Palin and other conservatives lept to embrace Kutcher 's comments , as though they were conservative . They are , of course , profoundly liberal . It is liberals who honor , extoll and reward hard work . That 's why President Obama , Nancy Pelosi , Harry Reid and virtually all Democrats support raising the minimum wage -- to honor and reward those who choose work over welfare , and ensure an honest day 's work pays enough to feed a family . That 's why President Obama and the Democrats cut taxes on working people by $ 3,600 over four years . And that 's why President Obama won the votes of working-class Americans  those making less than $ 100,000 a year  by a full 10 points . But perhaps Palin and others on the right have seen the light . Perhaps Kutcher 's bracing and bold statement of liberalism has moved them . If so , let 's see them walk the walk . Because at the present moment Republicans seem to honor wealth and punish work . How else can you explain that they want a tax code in which a billionaire heiress pays nothing on her inheritance , while the hard-working maid who makes the heiress ' bed pays taxes on every nickel she earns ? Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney pocketed $ 42 million during 2011 and 2012 . He did not earn that money from work -- he accrued it through wealth . His investments garnered him tens of millions while he ran around the country campaigning . And yet Romney paid merely 12 % in taxes . By contrast , a cop married to a teacher , each making the median income of around $ 50,000 a year , pays a marginal tax rate of 25 % . Even with deductions they are almost certainly paying a greater percentage of their income in taxes than mega-millionaire Romney . Palin , who famously quit on the people of Alaska when she got too big for the gig of governing her beautiful state , is an especially unfortunate spokesperson for the value of hard work . One hopes she takes Kutcher 's liberal advice to heart , and supports working people in word and deed . And if Palin liked Kutcher 's Teen Choice remarks , she 'll love this statement : "  Success may not come quickly or easily . But if you strive to do what 's right , if you work harder and dream bigger , if you set an example in your own lives and do your part to help meet the challenges of our time , then I 'm confident that , together , we will continue the never-ending task of perfecting our union . " Those are not the words of Ashton Kutcher . No , the liberal extolling hard work and patriotism in those comments was Palin 's president -- and mine and Ashton Kutcher 's and every American 's president : Barack Obama . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Paul Begala .	Sarah Palin praised Ashton Kutcher for his speech about the importance of working hard Paul Begala : So how did this Hollywood liberal become the darling of conservatives ? He says perhaps conservatives saw the light ; if so , let 's see them walk the walk Begala : Liberals extoll hard work ; conservatives honor wealth , punish work
CNN  -- White tents line the sides of the valley where the landslide struck . Some villagers weep , others pray . The remnants of their shattered community lies buried below , submerged under as much as 60 meters of mud . In the space of one devastating week , natural disasters killed more people in Afghanistan than they did all last year . At the heart of the destruction was the double landslide that engulfed a village in a remote northeastern province on Friday , killing more than 2,000 people . A mass of rock and mud that came crashing down in the village of Abi Barak , in Badakhshan Province . "  The scale of this landslide is absolutely devastating , with an entire village practically wiped away , " said Richard Danziger , the chief of mission for the International Organization for Migration  IOM  in Afghanistan . "  Hundreds of families have lost everything and are in immense need of assistance . " Over the weekend , authorities gave up hope of finding anybody alive . They suspended rescue operations , and declared the site a mass graveyard . Double blow The first landslide on Friday swallowed at least 300 homes . When residents from a nearby village rushed to the scene to help dig people out , the second landslide struck , sweeping away many of the rescuers . Exact figures are difficult to come by . But IOM staff on the ground said the double landslide killed as many as 2,700 people and affected 14,000 others . One woman lost all seven members of her family , said IOM spokesman Matt Graydon , who visited the area Sunday . The disaster wiped out acres of farmland and cut off local access to drinking water , making clean water one of the critical priorities for aid workers on the ground . Relief agencies are struggling to get vital supplies to the area , but it 's a challenge . Badakhshan is a remote , mountainous region of Afghanistan . The location , said Danzinger , makes it extremely challenging to transport heavy equipment and other supplies into the area . A day of mourning Sunday was declared a national day of mourning for victims of the disaster . TV and radio stations suspended the broadcast of entertainment programming out of respect to the victims . In a statement , President Hamid Karzai expressed his deep sadness by the loss of life and property caused by landslide . He also promised that a high-ranking government delegation would travel to the affected area . The landslide followed days of flash floods across nine northern Afghan provinces that killed more than 160 people , displaced 16,000 others and affected a further 50,000 , according to a bulletin from the International Federation of the Red Cross . "  There have now been more Afghans killed through natural disasters in the past seven days than all of 2013 , " said Mark Bowden , U.N. Humanitarian coordinator in Afghanistan . Afghanistan mourns landslide victims	The death toll from a double landslide may be as high as 2,700 , a relief agency says Authorities have declared the site a mass graveyard More Afghans died in natural disasters in one week than in the whole of 2013 , the U.N. says Relief agencies are racing to help the survivors , who lack access to clean water
When Beyonce tells people to "  bow down , " they listen . Now the star is hoping to bring the same show-stopping power to the issue of gender inequality with an essay on Maria Shriver 's website , The Shriver Report . In "  The Shriver Report : A Woman 's Nation Pushes Back from the Brink , " the 32-year-old pop star -- writing under her full name , Beyonce Knowles-Carter -- proclaims that "  gender equality is a myth ! " The "  average working woman earns only 77 percent of what the average working man makes . But unless women and men both say this is unacceptable , things will not change . " Humanity , she continues , "  requires both men and women , and we are equally important and need one another . ... We have to teach our boys the rules of equality and respect , so that as they grow up , gender equality becomes a natural way of life . And we have to teach our girls that they can reach as high as humanly possible . " Her words are likely familiar to those who know her music , which references the trials of womanhood and female empowerment going all the way back to her work with Destiny 's Child . That 's not to imply that Beyonce 's pop music message does n't have its conflicts . In the 1999 Destiny 's Child song , "  Bills , Bills , Bills , " the lyrics scold a lover who 's gone from footing the bill to asking for money . "  Silly me , why have n't I found another , " the song continues . "  Can you pay my bills ? ... If you did then maybe we could chill . " On the other hand , there are Destiny 's Child anthems like "  Independent Women , " Parts I and II , with lyrics such as "  I buy my own diamonds and I buy my own rings . ... Try to control me , boy you get dismissed , " which became a nightclub rallying cry . Given her prominence and success , her statements on womanhood and feminism are often a source of public debate . Last April , Beyonce told British Vogue that she hesitated to call herself a feminist .  Katy Perry similarly ducked the designation while accepting 2012 's Billboard Woman of the Year award , during which she said she 's "  not a feminist , " but does "  believe in the strength of women . " The word feminist "  can be very extreme , " she told Vogue . "  But I guess I am a modern-day feminist . I do believe in equality . Why do you have to choose what type of woman you are ? Why do you have to label yourself anything ? I 'm just a woman and I love being a woman . " A woman , for the record , who celebrates the power of women -- that much is clear from her two most recent albums alone . On her 2011 disc "  4 " there was the self-assured "  Who Run the World  Girls  ? , " in which she praises the power of women : "  My persuasion/can build a nation ...  We 're  smart enough to make these millions/strong enough to bear the children/then get back to business . " And her chart-topping surprise 2013 release , the self-titled "  Beyonce , " has been endlessly debated as a symbol of her feminist perspective -- or lack thereof . In the song " *** Flawless " from that album Beyonce samples words from celebrated writer Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie 's April 2013 TED Talk "  We Should All Be Feminists . " "  Because I am female , I am expected to aspire to marriage , " Adichie says in the sample . "  Marriage can be a source of joy and love and mutual support , but why do we teach girls to aspire to marriage , and we do n't teach boys the same ? " In her piece for The Shriver Report , Beyonce echoes Adichie 's perspective , saying "  these old attitudes are drilled into us from the very beginning . ... Men have to demand that their wives , daughters , mothers , and sisters earn more -- commensurate with their qualifications and not their gender . Equality will be achieved when men and women are granted equal pay and equal respect . " The singer 's contribution is one of many pieces that fill Shriver 's report , which explores the rates of financial insecurity among American women , examines its impact , and offers solutions for change . Along with Beyonce , Shriver 's report pulled in actress Eva Longoria , who wrote a piece entitled "  Empowering Latinas , " and basketball star LeBron James , who penned an appreciation of the nation 's working mothers . The report , which is in partnership with the Center for American Progress , can be downloaded for free here .	Beyonce addresses gender inequality in an essay on Maria Shriver 's website The singer points out the gap in average income between men and women The topic is something she also touches on frequently in her music Beyonce : We need to stop buying into the myth about gender equality
New York  CNN  -- A mandatory 21-day quarantine imposed by New York and New Jersey on health care workers returning from West Africa after treating Ebola patients caught local and federal officials by surprise and spurred a heated debate on handling the spread of the virus . The policy of isolating medical personnel and others arriving from Ebola-affected countries zones was abruptly implemented Friday by the governors of New York and New Jersey , Andrew Cuomo and Chris Christie . The announcement came one day after a New York doctor who treated patients in Guinea became the first Ebola case diagnosed in the city and the fourth in the United States . The mandate came as a surprise to the federal Centers for Disease and Control and Prevention in Atlanta , according to a federal official familiar with the situation . "  They 're not happy , " the official said of the CDC . "  These two governors said , ` Take this , federal government . ' They 're very worried we wo n't be able to get physicians or nurses to go  to countries affected by the Ebola outbreak  . " Should health care workers be quarantined ? A New York City official called more stringent screening "  a real stunner . " "  They did this without consulting the city , and that 's not a good thing , " the official said of Cuomo and Christie . "  They did n't let anyone know in advance . " Both officials spoke on condition of anonymity . Illinois will require "  high-risk individuals who have had direct contact with an individual infected with the Ebola virus while in Liberia , Sierra Leone or Guinea " to undergo a mandatory 21-day home quarantine , according to a press release from Governor Pat Quinn 's office released on Friday . On Saturday , the CDC said that it sets the baseline recommended standards , but state and local officials have the prerogative to set tighter policies . "  When it comes to the federal standards set by the CDC , we will consider any measures that we believe have the potential to make the American people safer , " the CDC said in a statement . Nurse worried about mandatory quarantines The two-state policy was implemented the same day that nurse Kaci Hickox landed at Newark Liberty International Airport in New Jersey after working with Doctors Without Borders in treating Ebola patients in Sierra Leone . Hickox , in an Op-Ed piece in The Dallas Morning News , wrote that she was ordered placed in quarantine at a hospital , where she tested negative in a preliminary test for Ebola . Still , hospital officials told her she must remain under mandatory quarantine for 21 days . Hickox wrote that she was held at the airport and questioned by various health workers after her flight landed about 1 p.m. . At first , her temperature -- taken with forehead scanner -- was 98 degrees . Hours later , her cheeks flushed with anger over being held without explanation , another scanner check recorded her temperature as 101 degrees , she wrote . Hickox eventually got a police escort , sirens blaring , to a hospital , when her temperature was again checked in an outdoor tent . On the oral thermometer , her temperature was recorded as 98.6 . And she tested negative for Ebola , she wrote in the Dallas newspaper . A second test by the CDC confirmed the finding . In a statement released Saturday , Doctors Without Borders , or Medecins Sans Frontieres  MSF  , said there was a "  notable lack of clarity " about the guidelines released by New York and New Jersey . "  We are attempting to clarify the details of the protocols with each state 's departments of health to gain a full understanding of their requirements and implications , " MSF said . "  While measures to protect public health are of paramount importance , they must be balanced against the rights of health workers returning from fighting the Ebola outbreak in West Africa to fair and reasonable treatment and the full disclosure of information to them , along with information about intended courses of action from local and state health authorities . " New York City Health Commissioner Dr. Mary Bassett is concerned that the mandatory quarantine will discourage doctors and nurses from volunteering to take care of Ebola patients in West Africa , according to her spokeswoman . "  We just want to make sure we do n't inadvertently discourage volunteers who are going to West Africa to help control this epidemic , "  said health department spokeswoman Jean Weinberg . The new airport screening procedures require anyone who had direct contact with Ebola patients to remain in quarantine for up to three weeks . In addition , people with a travel history to the affected regions but with no direct contact with Ebola patients will be "  actively monitored ... and , if necessary , quarantined , " according to the new policy . "  This is not the time to take chances , " Cuomo said Friday . "  This adjustment in increasing the screening procedures is necessary . ... I think public safety and public health have to be balanced and I think this policy does that . " New federal policy starts Monday The new guidelines add to the federal policy requiring all travelers coming to the United States from Ebola-affected areas to be actively monitored for 21 days , starting Monday . Already , such travelers landing at five U.S. airports -- New York 's Kennedy , Dulles International , New Jersey 's Newark Liberty International , Chicago 's O'Hare International and Hartsfield-Jackson International in Atlanta -- must go through enhanced screening . Ebola has killed nearly 5,000 people , mostly in Liberia , Sierra Leone and Guinea , in what health officials call the worst outbreak of the disease in history . On Friday , the National Institutes of Health said Nina Pham , a Dallas nurse , had been declared free of the Ebola virus . Public health experts say there 's plenty of scientific evidence indicating that there 's very little chance that a random person will get Ebola , unless he or she is in very close contact -- close enough to share bodily fluids -- with someone who has it . How the Ebola virus spreads New York Ebola patient 's fiancee cleared On Thursday , a New York doctor who had traveled on a humanitarian mission to Guinea , where he had treated Ebola patients , developed symptoms and has been hospitalized in Manhattan . Dr. Craig Spencer , 33 , is in isolation at Bellevue Hospital in New York City . He arrived back from Guinea on October 17 and had limited his public interactions but did not eliminate them , according to officials . On the same day Cuomo and Christie announced the new guidelines , Ebola survivor Nancy Writebol donated plasma to Spencer , said the charity SIM . Writebol was one of the first two Americans diagnosed with the Ebola virus . She was successfully treated at Emory University Hospital in Atlanta in August . Spencer 's fiancee , Morgan Dixon , had been under quarantine at Bellevue , but was cleared and has no symptoms , according to Jean Weinberg , a city health department spokeswoman . On Saturday night , Dixon returned home to the hazmat-cleaned apartment she shares with Spencer in Manhattan . Dixon 's family members have not been in physical contact with her or Spencer since his return from West Africa , according to a family statement . Two friends of Spencer are under quarantine outside the hospital and are being monitored , though they feel healthy . Dr. Jay Varma , deputy commissioner for disease control at the city health department , held a news conference outside said the woman would be under quarantine for 21 days and that she is healthy . She is not allowed visitors and groceries will be delivered to her apartment . Spencer 's activities , which include riding in subways and cabs , have sparked a sharp public debate about how to deal with people who have traveled to West African countries ravaged by the disease . On Saturday , one of the places visited by the Spencer , The Gutter bowling alley in Brooklyn , reopened after extensive decontamination work . And New York Mayor Bill de Blasio dined on meatballs at a Manhattan restaurant visited by the doctor . Should the focus of American policy be to do everything to prevent anyone who has visited the most ravaged regions from entering the United States , even if it discourages health care workers from going there ? Some U.S. lawmakers , such as Rep. Andy Harris , favor a strict three-week quarantine .  That duration is significant because it takes anywhere from two to 21 days from the time a person is exposed to Ebola to when he or she shows symptoms of it ; if more time than that passes without symptoms , a person is considered Ebola-free . "  In return from being allowed to come back into the country from a place where a deadly disease is endemic , you 'd have to enter a quarantine facility and be supervised for 21 days , " the Maryland Republican told CNN . But other officials say while that policy could prevent some cases of Ebola in the United States over the short term , it could backfire if highly trained American doctors have less incentive to travel to Africa to fight the disease . "  These individuals who are going there to serve are the people who will end this crisis , " de Blasio said . "  We ca n't have the illusion that we can turn away from it and some day it may end . If we took that attitude , this would be a truly devastating global crisis . " Complete coverage on Ebola CNN 's Joshua Berlinger , Joe Sutton , Daniel Burke , Greg Botelho , Dr. Sanjay Gupta , Poppy Harlow , Haimy Assefa , Kristina Sgueglia and David Shortell contributed to this report .	NEW : Ebola survivor donates plasma to Dr. Craig Spencer Doctors Without Borders says there is a " notable lack of clarity " in new guidelines Health care worker arrived at Newark Liberty International Airport on Friday Officials said she developed high temperature after arrival , result from Ebola test came back negative
CNN  There seems to be an ever-growing list of people , places and things that will turn you gay . Maybe we should think of these as the brigade of evil , homosexual nouns . There were the Teletubbies and SpongeBob SquarePants a decade ago . Now , as these views thankfully get more fringe , the theories are becoming increasingly bizarre and awesome . Among the homo nouns , there 's the Common Core , according to a Florida lawmaker  education policy is super gay , obviously  ; Taylor Swift , who an op-ed writer for The Christian Post , Larry Tomczak , claims is being used by Ellen DeGeneres to "  attract young girls " to her show  uh-huh  ; the Disney princess movie "  Frozen , " according to radio hosts in Colorado  that dress !  ; and now , according to a potential 2016 Republican presidential contender , Ben Carson , there 's prison . Yep , prison . Stay away from crime , kids . Turns ya gay . Carson , who , let me reiterate , is a potential presidential candidate from a major American party , and a neurosurgeon to boot , told CNN 's Chris Cuomo in an interview that aired Wednesday that "  a lot of people ... go into prison straight -- and when they come out , they 're gay . " Asked if being gay was a choice , Carson replied in a word : "  Absolutely . " This level of ignorance is so last century , so near-irrelevant , that I 'm hesitant even to respond . But no one who holds these beliefs belongs in a race for the 2016 White House . Ordinarily , I 'm the kind of gay person who likes to give people room to evolve . I know not everyone "  gets it " automatically . That 's OK , as long as you are n't hateful about it , are willing to listen and do n't try to restrict the rights of lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender people . I 'm from Oklahoma , a deeply conservative state , and I 've seen friends , family and co-workers evolve . People who thought being gay was a sin -- or that it was a choice , or fixable -- now support same-sex marriage . People change . But presidential candidates do n't get that leeway . Carson should know better .  In fact , he later apologized , regretting his words but saying the science on the issue of sexual orientation is n't clear . These views belong in another decade , not modern America . This apparently still needs to be said : Being gay is not a choice . Do n't believe me ? Well , ask a gay person . As I mentioned , I 'm one of those  despite never having seen "  Frozen " in its entirety  , and I can tell you that , for me , it was n't a choice . It 's not something I would want to undo , but it also is n't like I woke up one day and was like , huh , you know what would really mix it up this winter ? Dating dudes instead of ladies . Science backs me on this . I 'm not going to roll through all the details , but Mark Joseph Stern from Slate sums it up pretty well : "  In study after study , biologists have found that homosexuality , at least in men , is clearly , undoubtedly , inarguably an inborn trait . " And even if it were a choice , who cares ? A person 's religion is a choice . Yet the United States offers certain protections based on religion . People still deserve rights . Carson , meanwhile , opposes same-sex marriage . That 's a stance that , again , thankfully , is getting exceedingly rare in national politics . It 's also an issue that , along with transgender rights and employment discrimination against LGBT people , should be a focal point in the 2016 campaign cycle . I hope that America is evolved enough not to elect a candidate who opposes LGBT rights . I do think we live in that country these days . It 's a country that mostly laughs at someone saying prison would "  turn " someone gay . But the point remains that saying so both belittles a serious issue of violence -- that of men raping other men in prison , which has nothing to do with turning anyone gay and everything to do with criminal activity . And it 's a serious lapse in logic . Being around a bunch of dudes -- or ladies -- in prison does n't change a person 's innate sexual attractions . It 's so obvious I should n't have to say it . And the American people damn sure should n't have to listen to it . Especially coming from a 2016 presidential contender , it 's almost laughably irrelevant . Almost .	Possible 2016 GOP candidate Ben Carson stirs controversy with comments on gays , prison Carson 's views belong in another decade , not modern America , John D. Sutter says
CNN  -- The recent scandal in the Department of Veterans Affairs sheds light on the role of financial bonuses in helping prompt administrators to behave unethically . Here is the logic behind the incentive system : Reducing wait times by getting patients seen quickly is good for both patients and hospitals . So , administrators could receive financial bonuses by keeping wait times short . But the bonuses ended up motivating bad behavior . Rather than improving health care , the administrators falsified records so that wait times looked shorter on paper . What went wrong ? Incentives can lead to greater performance , but employees may be so focused on the potential of receiving them that they end up cutting corners and crossing ethical boundaries . Research by Wharton management professor Maurice Schweitzer and colleagues shows that when people are rewarded for goal achievement , they are more likely to engage in unethical behavior , such as cheating by overstating their performance , especially when they fall just short of their goals . We all want to be good people who care about the well-being of others in addition to our own . This very likely holds true also for administrators and employees working in VA hospitals . Were bonuses ties to VA wait times ? Here 's what we know Yet we are often unable to behave in ways that are consistent with this desire and use all sorts of self-serving justifications to rationalize our behavior , my research shows . For instance , if we perceive goals as too difficult or even unattainable , we may use such evidence to justify our cheating . In the case of the VA scandals , the performance target required administrators to schedule appointments for primary care doctors to meet with patients within 14 days of each patient 's desired appointment date . Given the high demand and lack of doctors , this was a standard that most administrators perceived as impossible to meet . Thus , acting unethically may have not seem that wrong to them , given that the goals were not fairly set to start with . The ways that goals and financial incentives are set can lead most people not to follow their moral compass . Financial incentives on their own , research has shown , change our attitudes and behaviors in selfish ways . Even merely thinking about money leads people to be less helpful and fair in their dealings with others , to be less sensitive to social rejection and to work harder toward personal goals . In fact , money can make us so focused on our selfish motives that it can lead us to behave unethically . In my own research , I found that university students were more likely to cheat on a task after seeing 7,000 dollar bills than after seeing 24 . Similarly , across a variety of studies , participants who were primed to think about money were more likely to cheat after completing a task by inflating their performance as compared with people in a control condition . In one study , we asked college students to make as many coherent sentences as they could out of a set of words they had been presented with . In one group , some word sets were seeded with ones associated with money , such as "  dollars , " "  financing " and "  spend "  thus priming people with the concept of money  . In another group , the words were all neutral . Next , the students completed a second test : They had to solve math puzzles under time pressure . They were asked to report their performance and received a packet of money so that they could reward themselves with a dollar for each correctly solved puzzle . Eighty-eight percent of those who had been primed with money-related words in the first test cheated , but only 67 % of those given neutral words did . Money is ubiquitous in our daily lives and prominent in the Western culture 's psyche . So these findings might explain , at least in part , why financial incentives can encourage the wrong behaviors -- and why , though we want to be good people , we so often diverge from our moral compass . Tie financial bonuses to ill-conceived goals , and you 'll end up with people being more likely and more comfortable cheating . Recognizing the malleability of our moral compass is important since it can help us identify potential solutions to our frequent ethical failures . One way to keep us on track is to identify ways to make ethical standards salient at the time we face ethical challenges . Drawing people 's attention to moral standards , in fact , can effectively reduce dishonesty . For example , consider a study  PDF  my colleagues and I conducted in collaboration with a major U.S. car insurance company . As part of the study , we sent 13,488 of the company 's customers a form that asked them to report the number of miles they had driven the prior year , as indicated on their cars ' odometers . Cheating by under-reporting mileage would come with the financial benefit of lower insurance premiums . On about half of the forms sent out , customers were supposed to sign to indicate their truthfulness at the bottom of the form . The other half of the forms asked the customers to sign at the top of the form . The average mileage reported by customers who signed the form at the top was more than 2,400 miles higher than that reported by customers who signed at the bottom of the form . Our follow-up research demonstrated that signing at the top of the form  before reporting information that could be inflated  increased the salience of ethical standards by highlighting people 's self-identity and improving their ethicality . So the disparity in average mileage suggests a difference in reporting ethics rather than in driving habits . Getting rid of incentive and bonus systems seems rather impractical . What this research suggests is that in order for incentive systems not to lead to the wrong behavior , they need to be introduced with particular care . They need to be supported by an organization 's culture that stresses the importance of integrity , not just on paper . For instance , both the CEO and senior management in an organization should make their commitment to integrity visible and clear to employees , and communicate the value they put on ethics in orientation programs , annual reports , newsletters , meetings and training sessions . They should not only stress the importance of -- and reward -- high levels of performance , they should focus attention on the means that are used to reach it . Most of us understand that we slip up occasionally , despite our best intentions , and that others do as well . And so it 's useful for organizations to consider some simple interventions that can help their customers and employees stick to their ethical principles . Gergen : What it takes to fix the VA	VA administrators received bonuses after concealing delays for medical care Francesca Gino says that when financial incentives are present , cheating is more common She says we ca n't get rid of incentives but can monitor how they 're administered Gino : Better design of bonus programs can make a difference
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- A U.S. drone strike targeting a militant compound in Pakistan 's volatile tribal areas along the border with Afghanistan has killed 16 people , Pakistani security officials said Wednesday . The officials said the attack early Wednesday struck a compound of the Haqqani Network , a group that carries out attacks against NATO forces in Afghanistan and travels back and forth across the porous border between Afghanistan and Pakistan . The strike killed 16 militants and wounded five others in the Dande Darpakhel area near Miranshah in North Waziristan , the officials said , speaking on the condition of anonymity . Officials had earlier given a higher death toll of 17 . It was n't immediately clear if any high-profile insurgent figures had been killed in the attack . The militants in the compound were from both Pakistan and Afghanistan , the officials said . The U.S. government has said strikes by the unmanned aircraft are a necessary part of the fight against militant groups . But the attacks have drawn deep opposition in Pakistan because of civilian casualties and the violation of sovereignty . Gunmen kill 11 at base camp in Pakistan The Pakistani government "  strongly condemns the U.S. drone strike that took place in Miranshah , " the country 's foreign ministry said in a statement . "  The Government of Pakistan has consistently maintained that drone strikes are counter-productive , entail loss of innocent civilian lives and have human rights and humanitarian implications , " the ministry said . Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif has called for the United States to halt drone strikes in the country . Wednesday 's attack appeared to be the deadliest since Sharif took office last month . In May , U.S. President Barack Obama defended the use of the drone program , but he stopped short of directly commenting on the strikes in Pakistan . Relations between Washington and Islamabad have been strained since the U.S. raid inside Pakistan in May 2011 that killed al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden . The United States carried out the raid without notifying Pakistani authorities . Ties soured further after a NATO airstrike killed 24 Pakistani soldiers at a checkpoint near the Afghan border in November 2011 . The drone strikes cause continued friction . In another outbreak of violence in the Pakistani tribal areas early Wednesday , officials said more than 50 militants attacked a checkpoint of the Frontier Constabulary , a paramilitary force . The attack to place about 40 kilometers southeast of the main city in the region , Peshawar , at a post where 15 members of the constabulary were stationed , said the force 's chief , Commandant Majeed Marwat . Six constabulary members were killed during the hour-long firefight that ensued , and seven others were wounded , Marwat said . The constabulary was unable to provide any information on militant casualties from the clash . Islamabad summons top U.S. envoy over deadly drone strike CNN 's Saima Mohsin reported from Islamabad , and Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong . Journalist Zahir Shah Sherazi contributed to this report .	NEW : The Pakistani foreign ministry condemns the attack The strike targets a compound of the Haqqani Network , which attacks NATO forces Militants attack a paramilitary checkpoint , killing six constabulary members U.S. drone strikes have drawn fierce opposition in Pakistan due to civilian casualties
CNN  -- Beginning Thursday , the head of the National Black Farmers Association will ride a tractor to Capitol Hill to press Congress to fund a historic discrimination case settlement involving minority farmers . John Boyd says he will make the ride on the tractor he named "  Justice " each day the Senate is in session . Last week , he showed up in front of a federal courthouse in New York on a mule -- a reference to Civil War-era promises of assistance for freed African-American slaves . "  I 'm sorry my tractor may slow things down , but any delay in traffic is small potatoes compared to the years of delay black farmers have endured in our pursuit of justice , " he said . Last month , the U.S. Senate failed to approve $ 1.25 billion for the settlement between the U.S. Agriculture Department and black farmers , prompting finger-pointing between both parties and outrage among the farmers . "  Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid and Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell have both told me personally , on multiple occasions , that they support resolving and funding this case , " Boyd said . "  Justice in this case should know no partisan boundaries . " Boyd has said black farmers are losing land at a rate three times faster than other agricultural workers . He said that it takes nearly 400 days to process a black farmer 's loan request at the Agriculture Department , compared with less than 30 days for white farmers . A 1997 case against the Agriculture Department , Pigford v. Glickman , was settled out of court 11 years ago , but tens of thousands of farmers missed the filing deadline to submit claims . As a senator , Obama sponsored a measure in the 2008 Farm Bill that reopened the case , known as Pigford II . The $ 1.25 billion settlement is owed to the farmers after years of being denied government farm loans and support from federal programs because of the color of their skin . Under a federal judge 's terms dating to 1999 , qualified farmers could receive $ 50,000 each to settle claims of racial bias . In February , the Department of Justice released a statement saying Attorney General Eric Holder and Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack were announcing a resolution to Pigford II . The statement said the settlement agreement is contingent on the appropriation of funds by Congress . Prominent members of both parties have voiced support for paying out the settlements . In July , the House approved a war supplemental funding bill that included money to pay for the settlement . But the attempt to approve the funds in August failed in the Senate . It was the seventh attempt by the Senate to approve the funds , Boyd said . CNN 's Shawna Shepherd , Alan Silverleib , Elise Zeiger and Ed Hornick contributed to this report .	The settlement involves the U.S. Agriculture Department Qualified farmers could receive $ 50,000 each to settle claims of racial bias Democrats and Republicans have supported paying out the money
CNN  -- The Scottish Rugby Union has appointed Andy Robinson , formerly coach of bitter rivals England , as the new national team boss . Andy Robinson will be seeking to revive the fortunes of Scotland 's struggling rugby side . The 45-year-old won eight caps as a flanker for England , and was assistant coach in Clive Woodward 's 2003 World Cup-winning set-up before taking over for an ill-fated reign himself in 2004 , winning just nine of 22 matches . Robinson returned to top-class coaching with Celtic League team Edinburgh in 2007 , and has sufficiently impressed Scottish officials in the 20 months since then to win favor as the replacement for Frank Hadden . He had been part of Hadden 's backroom staff , and had already been chosen to coach Scotland A this summer . Hadden resigned on April 2 after Scotland again struggled in the Six Nations , finishing second from bottom with just one win from five outings . Robinson was delighted to be given the chance to return to the international stage . "  With the World Cup in New Zealand in 2011 , I believe we have a crop of players who can really challenge the world 's best , and preparation for that starts now , " he told the SRU Web site . "  I 'm looking forward to leading Scotland A into the IRB Nations Cup in Romania next week and thereafter preparing for our Autumn Tests at Murrayfield against Fiji , Australia and Argentina . " Robinson is believed to have headed off the likes of South Africa 's World Cup-winning coach Jake White and former Australia boss Eddie Jones for the job . Former Scotland captain and British and Irish Lion Gordon Bulloch was part of the interview panel that determined the appointment . "  Andy was the outstanding candidate from a quite exceptional shortlist which underlines the allure of coaching the Scotland team , " he told the SRU 's Web site . "  I know from having had the privilege of his coaching and guidance on Lions tours that he is passionate about his rugby , is a skilled communicator and has values and an ethos which are absolutely at one with developing a winning Scotland team . " Scottish Rugby chief executive Gordon McKie said he was confident Robinson would prove to be successful . "  Andy has proved himself at every level of the game and we are thrilled that he will now be leading the Scotland team as we look towards the challenges of the next three years , including the 2011 World Cup , " McKie said . "  He has been part of the Scottish Rugby family for the past two years and has brought success both to Edinburgh Rugby , with their highest ever Magners League finish in successive seasons , and has also guided the Scotland A team to notable successes . "	Andy Robinson appointed new coach of Scotland 's national rugby team Robinson replaces Frank Hadden , who resigned in April after poor results The 45-year-old has played for and coached England 's national side He rebuilt his career with Edinburgh after being sacked by England
CNN  -- Three years ago , the film based on Dan Brown 's novel "  The Da Vinci Code " was the focus of protest and controversy , with a Vatican archbishop calling for a boycott and Catholics at many levels refuting plot points . From left , actors Tom Hanks , Ayelet Zurer and Ewan McGregor join director Ron Howard at the film 's premier . But when it comes to the new film based on a Brown novel , "  Angels & Demons , " star Tom Hanks says talk of controversy is much ado about nothing . "  Everybody is looking for some scandal whether a scandal exists or not , " Hanks said of the film . "  I think a kind of natural reaction is now that somehow because it 's the second Robert Langdon mystery that there is some degree of controversy over it . And there is really not . " The movie ventures into similar waters as its predecessor , "  The Da Vinci Code , " with Hanks reprising the role of Robert Langdon , a Harvard symbology expert , and conspiracy theories galore . Watch Hanks talk aboout the controversy " It also reunites the Academy Award-winning actor with director Ron Howard , who helmed "  Da Vinci , " and teams Hanks with actor Ewan McGregor and Israeli actress Ayelet Zurer . While "  The Da Vinci Code " centered on the complex investigation of a murder in the Louvre and the theory that a marriage between Jesus and Mary Magdalene produced descendants , the new film features a murder at the Vatican and a secret and powerful society known as the "  Illuminati . " McGregor , known for his role as a young Obi-Wan Kenobi in the "  Star Wars " films , said that while "  The Da Vinci Code " and "  Angels & Demons " are inextricably linked , the latter can stand on its own . "  If I thought -LSB- Angels & Demons -RSB- was pinned to ` The Da Vinci Code ' in some way then it would 've been a lesser script to read and it was n't , " McGregor said . "  It 's a standalone movie ... it 's not relevant whether you 've seen ` Da Vinci Code ' or not . " Both films , like the Brown novels they 're based on , have been met with criticism for their melding of history and storytelling . "  I have a strong objection to the genre of mixing fact with fiction , " said Bill Donohue , president of the Catholic League . "  You 've got -LSB- Dan -RSB- Brown , -LSB- Ron -RSB- Howard and -LSB- Tom -RSB- Hanks in the movie all alleging that the Illuminati was this secret society which was brutalized by the Catholic Church in the 1600s . " "  It 's all a lie , " Donohue said . " -LSB- The Illuminati -RSB- never even existed until May 1 , 1776 , but they have to pitch it back into the 1600s so they can trot out their favorite victim , Galileo . What happens is you get the audience thinking ` Well , maybe it 's not all true , but probably some of it is true . ' " Ted Baehr , founder of Movieguide and the Christian Film & Television Commission , first issued an advisory alert about the film in April and reiterated it days before the movie 's May 15 release . "  Now that we 've previewed ` Angels & Demons , ' Movieguide has decided to keep in effect our caution alert , " Baehr said . "  Faith is often denied throughout the movie . " Director Howard wrote in the The Huffington Post that he believes Donohue is on a mission "  to paint me and the movie I directed , ` Angels & Demons , ' as anti-Catholic , " a claim Howard emphatically denies . The director told CNN that he attempted to reach out to the Catholic Church regarding the film , but had no success . He also downplayed reports that Rome and the Vatican tried to hinder filming . Hanks said shooting the movie in the ancient city was complicated given the vibrancy of Rome . At one point , Hanks said , make-believe collided with one woman 's fairy tale . "  We had a lady showing up who was getting married at the Pantheon and she had to get married and we had to get our shot , " Hanks said . "  She showed up right between shots , when we were moving cameras . " Fortunately , both the wedding and the day 's filming were able to be completed , Hanks said . McGregor said Howard was to be credited for how well the production came together . Howard 's background as an actor undoubtedly helped enhance the actors ' performances , McGregor said . "  A lot of directors are able to tell you what they 're after , but Ron 's able to tell you what he 's after and help you for how you might play that ... which is kind of total directing , " McGregor said . Zurer said she had a blast being the only female lead in the film . Viewers should see the film for what it is , she said , and not focus on the controversy . "  It 's fun fiction , " she said . "  It 's a fun movie to watch , it 's thrilling and that 's what I saw in it . " CNN 's Lisa Respers France contributed to this story .	Tom Hanks stars in "  Angels & Demons , " a sequel to "  The Da Vinci Code " Fellow cast mate Ewan McGregor says latest film is a standalone Like earlier film , "  Angels & Demons " has been attacked for mix of fact and fiction Catholic League president : "  It 's all a lie "
It 's only as I 'm inviting my friend to lunch that I realize the prospect might not sound that appetizing . "  There will be a murder , " I say . "  Someone will die . " Surprisingly undeterred , he agrees to meet me at London 's Victoria Station the following week and it 's only once we 're standing on the platform amid a rapidly swelling crowd that he starts to look a little worried , nervously asking : "  Who are all these people ? " We 're being joined by a diverse crowd on our lunch date , which is probably only to be expected since we 're booked in for an afternoon of fine dining with an extra helping of homicide . That 's the menu on board the Murder Mystery Lunch train , a luxury rail ride around the English countryside that pitches passengers into a cloak and dagger world worthy of Agatha Christie -- but with greater quantities of champagne . Many of our fellow diners -- some celebrating anniversaries or birthdays -- are entering into the spirit , dressed in 1920s flapper dresses , gangster suits or as extras from "  Downton Abbey . " It 's hard to say whether the passing commuters are doing double takes at this oddly attired throng or at the train : the magnificent Belmond British Pullman . Golden age of travel This king of the railroad is -- appropriately for a trip that 'll involve murder -- a sister to the Orient Express and its 11 gleaming carriages that channel the spirit of a golden age of travel . Amid this eccentric crowd , a portly gentleman dressed all in gray stands out more than others . The double-breasted suit , the hair , the hat are gray . As is the cat cradled in his arms which , he tells us with a perfectly straight face , is called Pussy . "  Pussy is n't real , you do realize that ? " says Mr. Gray as I tickle his stuffed feline under its chin . Mr. Gray is the first of a string of actors we meet , each stopping by like an old pal for a chat , exchanging cheeky repartee and dropping clues . Before we can meet any more of the cast , we 're shepherded on to our carriage . It has plenty of dark wood , polished brass , art deco finishing and plush armchairs . On the table , between the silverware and crystal-cut wine glasses , is a sheet of paper -- one side is printed with an incomprehensible set of clues , the other is blank for us to take notes . There 's also a section for us to name the suspect and their motive . After all , this afternoon is n't just about getting tipsy before sundown -- there 's a murder to solve . We do n't have to wait long for the killer to strike . The train has barely left Victoria Station when a woman stumbles into our carriage and declares , "  I 've been stabbed ! " ` Do n't panic ! ' She screams , flails about and then staggers out the carriage , giving us a good view of the dagger sticking out of her blood-splattered back . We have our victim . The stabbed woman 's cries can still be heard as a dashing young man called Matt storms into the carriage , shoves a gun in my face and shouts : "  There 's been a murder . Do n't panic ! " It 's hard not to laugh . At times the acting is as hammy as a deli counter . There are , however , more somber moments along the journey when we get to question characters , including a detective , a newspaper reporter and the head of British intelligence agency MI5 , about what 's going on . The champagne makes it easy to slip into this whodunit on wheels . Bubbles before noon always feels decadent , but the added buzz from the mix of murder , mystery and a 170-mile journey quickly goes to the head . "  Do n't bother looking out the window , it 's the same view as on the cheap train , " quips the train manager as he passes through the carriage making polite conversation . We mistake him for one of the cast and begin grilling him on the murder before realizing that he is in fact the real train manager . Despite what he says , it 's worth taking in the view as the train rolls through the county of Kent , a rural corner southeast of London known as the garden of England because its rolling landscape of farms and coastline has long supplied some of the country 's best crops . Back in the carriages , lunch arrives and the waiting staff appear to be in on the game , making quips about the suspects without letting anything slip . Life-changing event The five-course meal that began with murder finishes with a cheese platter . By now everyone is putting forward their theories , some wilder than others , in the hope of winning a take-home bottle of champagne . An enthusiastic young American comes up with an elaborate theory involving a tin of paint that surprises the world-weary detective . "  I 've been doing this six years and I 've never heard that one , " he remarks . An older honeymooning couple , both on their third marriage , have conflicting suspicions . She thinks it 's Mr. Gray 's daughter , he suspects the head of MI5 , but each group can only nominate one suspect . He backs down and goes with her suggestion -- a man with the wisdom of two marriages behind him . By the time train slips back into Victoria Station everyone is swaying slightly as though disembarking from a boat . The young American wins the champagne -- nothing to do with paint -- and farewells are said as though we 'd shared a life-changing event . And we had : we dined , we drank and someone died . The next Murder Mystery Lunches on the British Pullman are on October 2 and November 13 , departing Victoria Station at 11 : 45 a.m. Tickets cost # 510  $ 833  including a five-course lunch with champagne and wine ; +44 845 077 2222	Murder Mystery Lunch train departs London 's Victoria station for a trip around rural Kent Guests get a five-course meal but must also find a murderer in their midst There 's a bottle of champagne for the guest who solves the mystery
CNN  -- MetroPCS , the fifth-largest U.S. wireless carrier , appears to be moving to bring more smartphones to lower-income consumers -- and also to capitalize on the FCC 's new "  open internet " rules which exempt wireless carriers from key net neutrality requirements . This mixed news could set a precedent that might eventually constrict the kind of mobile internet options available to all U.S. mobile users . Specifically , on January 3 MetroPCS announced three tiers of plans for its new 4G LTE network . Here 's how The Washington Post summarized these flat-rate-per-month offerings : • $ 40 "  for unlimited talk , text , 4G Web browsing with unlimited YouTube access ; " • $ 50 "  for unlimited talk , text , 4G Web services and unlimited YouTube ; also international and premium text messaging , navigation , mobile instant messaging , corporate e-mail and 1 GB of additional data access . With Wi-Fi , customers also get audio capabilities to listen and download music and access to preview and trial video content ; " • $ 60 "  for the same premium features as the $ 50 plan , plus unlimited data access and MetroSTUDIO premium content such as 18 video-on-demand channels and audio downloads . " On the bright side , these MetroPCS plans cost considerably less than most smartphone plans currently offered by Verizon , AT&T , T-Mobile , and Sprint -- which tend to cost at least $ 90 per month , with a two-year contract and high early termination fees . Plus , the fact that these are no-contract plans means that customers have more flexibility to switch phones , plans or carriers at will to suit fluctuating budgets . Such benefits might significantly influence the phone choices of many U.S. mobile users . But on January 10 , a coalition of public interest groups -- including Free Press , Media Access Project , and the Center for Media Justice -- sent a letter to the FCC asking the agency to investigate whether the MetroPCS plans violate the few substantial net neutrality provisions which do apply to wireless carriers . Under the new rules , mobile providers are forbidden to block access to lawful sites , as well as applications and online services that compete with the carrier 's voice or video telephony services . Wireless carriers are permitted to slow delivery of certain content for the purposes of network management . However , they are required to be transparent with the FCC , consumers , and others about how they make these decisions -- and such transparency is so far lacking from the new MetroPCS plans . In the big picture , the MetroPCS plans might deepen the mobile digital divide by normalizing the practice of charging users more to get full mobile access to a free choice of internet services and content . This would disproportionately affect lower-income mobile users and people of color , who are more likely to rely more heavily on mobile devices for internet access . As the coalition explained : "  Being forced to pay an additional monthly fee for access to new or competing services creates barriers to consumer choice and experimentation , and jeopardizes the social and economic benefits associated with the Internet . " MetroPCS denies that its new plans will limit users ' online access . In a statement to The Washington Post , CEO Roger Lindquist wrote : "  The complaints about our new , pro-consumer , pro-competitive 4G LTE rate plans are erroneous . We continue to offer consumers a full service , unlimited data plan . We increased consumer choice by adding two new rate plans that are less expensive and enable consumers to select the service and content they want at a price point they can afford . These new rate plans comply with the FCC 's new rules on open mobile Internet . " This year , I expect to see this mobile drama play out on the streets of my own city , Oakland , California . My recent survey of Oakland mobile users indicated that MetroPCS is the most popular carrier in this economically challenged city -- used by nearly half of those surveyed . Only 30 % of respondents used smartphones  a figure that reflects the national average  , yet 80 % of respondents reported accessing the Web from their phones daily or most days . This indicates a strong drive for mobile internet access . Just under 40 % of those surveyed reported paying less than $ 50 per month for their phone .  The MetroPCS "  $ 40/everything " plan is especially popular around here .  And according to recently released U.S. Census data , Oakland has a lower median per-household income than the national average . Also , 17.5 % of Oakland residents are officially living in poverty . Internet access connects people to much more than YouTube , LOL Cats , and Skype . It 's a portal to opportunity , learning , and much-needed services -- and these days it 's necessary in order to apply for many jobs or to interact with social service agencies . Last December , MetroPCS launched its 4G network in the San Francisco metro area -- and it 's reportedly live in Oakland now . I suspect that if the smartphones that go along with the new MetroPCS plans cost less than about $ 80 , many Oaklanders will upgrade -- probably unaware of the limitations carefully built into these plans . The opinions expressed in this column are solely those of Amy Gahran .	MetroPCS is the fifth-largest US wireless carrier MetroPCS appears to be moving to bring smartphones to lower-income consumers It could set a precedent constricting the mobile internet options available to U.S. users
CNN  -- It 's the dream of millions of basketball fans around the world -- to be an NBA star . But for Rudy Fernandez , who leapt to fame with his "  hellacious " dunk in an Olympic final against the U.S. Dream Team , playing in "  the best league in the world " was not enough . Just 27 years old and reaching his peak as a player , he has bucked convention by leaving the NBA and returning to his native Spain . "  Here probably I 'm a better player , I can do everything -- not like my years in the NBA , " Fernandez told CNN 's Human to Hero series . "  The NBA , it 's a business for sure , so when you sign a contract you have to know you might get traded to another team , another city . And you start playing 82 games in one season , it 's a lot of basketball . " Fernandez moved to the U.S. after the 2008 Olympic final in Beijing , where Spain lost to the Americans , and spent three years with the Portland Trail Blazers . "  They gave me the opportunity to play in the best league in the world , " he said . However , his later move to Denver Nuggets was not a success -- partly due to a back injury , and partly due to a league lockout that shortened the 2011-12 season to 31 matches . In the middle of the NBA pay dispute , he signed an interim deal with Real Madrid -- a division of one of the world 's biggest soccer clubs -- and enjoyed his time back home so much that he later took up the option of a three-year deal worth a reported â ‚ ¬ 8.1 million  $ 10.5 million  . "  I came here to be the leader and win trophies , " he announced on his arrival . Fernandez has proved as good as his word , averaging nearly 17 points per game for Real in the current Euroleague season and winning rave reviews for his performances . Real also top the domestic ACB league in Spain . Wind the clock back just over four years and Fernandez had arrived in the United States to considerable fanfare after a standout performance for his beloved Spain in China . Playing against the might of the U.S. -- this time dubbed the "  Redeem Team " following the disappointment of Athens 2004 -- he scored 22 points in 18 minutes of court time . But it was his audacious dunk over Dwight Howard which was a talking point of the final , eventually won 118-107 by the United States . Despite the close attentions of the 2.11-meter Howard , Fernandez -- a small forward who stands 1.98 m -- brushed him aside before slamming home the two-pointer . The effort was described as "  hellacious " by one U.S. sports writer , who had clearly run out of superlatives , while Fernandez singles it out as a career highlight . He played football as a youngster on his home island of Mallorca , but basketball ability was in the family genes with both his parents players , while his elder sister Marta plied her trade in the American WNBA before also returning to Spain with her current club Salamanca . Spotted by Barcelona-based Joventut , Fernandez was set on the course to be a professional player from his mid-teens and was included in the Olympic squad for the Athens Olympics in 2004 while only 19 years of age . He went to Portland as the 24th pick in the draft . "  All the community from Portland helped me a lot with the the transition . The first year was difficult , but basketball is basketball , " he added . Averaging 10.4 points and with a formidable conversion rate for three-point efforts and from the free throw line , Fernandez repaid Portland 's faith in his abilities during his first season . His amazing air skills were also noted and he was picked to take part in the four-man NBA Slam Dunk Series at the 2009 All-Star Game . Fernandez was controversially eliminated at the first round stage but had made a lasting impression , wearing a No. 10 Trail Blazer shirt in tribute to former Portland star Fernando Martin , the first Spaniard to play in the NBA . Martin was killed in car accident in 1989 , but had led the way for the likes of Pau Gasol and Fernandez at the highest level of basketball . He was one of Fernandez 's heroes growing up , along with Michael Jordan , Magic Johnson and Larry Bird . Gasol , five years his senior , was also an inspiration . "  Pau is probably one of the best players in the world , so he 's my reference , and I work every year to be better and better , " said Fernandez . With Portland unable to make it past the first round of the playoffs in his time there , Fernandez went to Denver in a three-way trade . He needed surgery on his troublesome back problem but recovered in time to play at the London 2012 Olympics . With Spain fielding the likes of the Gasol brothers , Pau and Marc , Juan Carlos Navarro and himself , they once again came close to upsetting the all powerful U.S. squad . Gasol netted 24 points and Navarro 21 , but the U.S. edged a thrilling gold medal match 107-100 , underlining Spain 's rise as a basketball power . "  We are probably the second team in the world . I remember a long time ago in the 1992 Olympics in Barcelona , no team could compete against the U.S. Dream Team , but now there 's a little bit of respect paid by them to the other teams , " Fernandez said . He is not the only member of that team to return to Spain from the NBA . Navarro left Memphis in 2008 after just one season , and has since been an outstanding player for Real 's archrivals Barcelona . "  Right now I think Navarro dominates the Eurobasket , " said Fernandez . "  He decided to come back to Spain like me and he is probably one of the best shooting guards in the world as he demonstrated in the Olympics and in the world championships . " Navarro and Pau Gasol would both be 36 at the time of the 2016 Olympics , so their participation is questionable , but Fernandez is hoping to go to his fourth Games . While Spain dominates football , being the reigning world and European champions , its basketball team is not far behind . With Fernandez on the roster , it has won the last two editions of the European championship and claimed the FIBA World Cup in 2006 . "  I 'm ready for Rio . I think we have a good team , a young team with Ricky Rubio , Marc Gasol , Serge Ibaka and myself . " There is still the possibility that Fernandez , a passionate music fan who has dreams of becoming a DJ , will have another go at cracking the NBA -- if his body can withstand the strain . "  Who knows in two years , three years , I could back to the NBA if I start to feel better about my back . "	Rudy Fernandez has won two Olympic basketball silver medals with Spain Fernandez enjoyed spells in NBA with Portland and Denver Back injuries have hampered the 27-year-old 's recent career He opted to return to Spain on permanent deal with Real Madrid in 2012
CNN  -- Environmental activist Erin Brockovich was in Kingston , Tennessee , on Thursday to speak with residents affected by a massive spill of coal sludge from a nearby coal-fired plant . Properties near ground zero of the December 22 Tennessee spill are covered in sludge . Brockovich said many people in the community told her they do n't feel they 've been told the truth about the December 22 spill that occurred after a retention wall was breached at the Kingston Fossil Plant . She quoted citizens as saying they do n't get satisfactory answers or they get inconsistent answers when they call the the plant 's owner , Tennessee Valley Authority . "  They do n't have the answers and they 're very , very concerned , " Brockovich said . "  So we 're here to address all of that and begin to put the pieces of the puzzle together . " Brockovich , who said she was invited to the community by residents , planned to meet with them Thursday night . A public meeting is scheduled for Friday night . She hopes people will come to the meetings and air their concerns . She said she will tour the site on the ground and from the air . Brockovich gained fame after the 2000 release of the movie bearing her name . It told the story of how she , as a file clerk at a law firm , established that a toxic chemical from the Pacific Gas and Electric Company 's compressor station leaked into the groundwater of a nearby town , compromising the health of hundreds , according to a biography posted on Brockovich 's Web site . In 1996 , the company paid the largest toxic tort settlement in U.S. history -- $ 333 million -- to more than 600 Hinkley residents , the Web site said . About 1.1 billion gallons of sludge , or ash mixed with water , spilled onto 300 acres from the plant located 40 miles west of Knoxville , Tennessee . That is enough sludge to fill 1,660 Olympic-size swimming pools . Fly ash is a byproduct of burning coal . Brockovich said residents have sent her photos showing fly ash up to 2 feet deep in places . She said citizens are worried about contact with the fly ash , including its impact on the water supply . Last week , authorities said drinking water in the area was potable , although samples of ash near the site showed "  elevated levels " of arsenic . Leslie Sims , the Environmental Protection Agency on-scene coordinator , said the Tennessee Valley Authority is addressing the issue . "  I do n't think TVA can move fast enough to possibly satisfy these people , " said Brockovich , noting that she has n't spoken with anyone from the TVA . TVA , the nation 's largest public utility , promised to do whatever it takes to clean the spill in central Tennessee . Tennessee Gov. Phil Bredesen promised state government will keep a close watch on TVA 's cleanup .	Environmental activist says people affected by coal sludge spill feel misled Brockovich plans to meet with residents Thursday and Friday to discuss concerns Residents show her pictures of fly ash piled up two feet high "  I do n't think TVA can move fast enough to possibly satisfy these people , " she said
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- "  You break it , you buy it ... " Clark Howard says shoppers may save money if they keep their hands off the merchandise . "  Look , but do n't touch ... " "  Keep your hands to yourself ... " Three tired platitudes you might hear in the world of retail that all suggest a direct connection between the power of touch and the act of buying something . Now a new study in the Journal of Consumer Research confirms what many have long believed , when you touch something in a store , you feel a sense of ownership and you 're more likely to overpay for that item . That 's why retailers like Apple always encourage you to play with the merchandise . First and foremost , the Journal of Consumer Research study presents a real caveat emptor for your wallet during a recession . And second , it confirms that I have the reading habits of a really dull guy ! Hear a few interesting tips for saving money at the grocery store " The warning for you is that if you do n't want to spend money , do n't go out and handle the merchandise . Whenever I shop at Costco Wholesale , I never get a cart . I only buy what I can carry in my two arms . Once my arms are full , I 'm not constantly picking up new items along the way to the register . You 'd be surprised how you can cut down on your bill using this simple trick . But there 's a further caution in the study . Even window shopping or browsing online can prove dangerous for your budget . The study 's authors talk about the power of visualization . They suggest that if e-tailers can get you to picture yourself owning something -- even if you really ca n't afford it -- they have a better chance of converting you into an online sale . The question of why people spend money in ways that do n't make sense is one that 's addressed by behavioral economics . It 's a field of study that used to be discredited in serious academic circles . But now it 's proving to be an important discipline as people look for new ways to save more and spend less . A 2008 study in The American Journal of Psychiatry found that about 1 in 16 Americans -- that 's some 6 percent of us -- have compulsive spending habits . This kind of behavior leads to a momentary rush of adrenaline , but afterward comes the financial hangover . Christa , my radio show 's executive producer , has done a lot in her life to take control of her wayward spending habits . She believes that if you 're always buying new clothes , for example , you disrespect the things you already have in your closet . When the shopping bug bites you , try paying attention to the stuff you 've already acquired in your life . Speaking of closets , I once owned a house built in 1937 . The master bedroom 's sole closet was all of 2 x 1.5 feet in dimension ! During those Great Depression years , that was big enough for a middle-class husband and wife . Today , a closet of that size would never work . Some people have so much clothing that they can go for months without wearing the same thing . So the best way to tackle compulsive spending is with shock therapy -- you 've got to ban yourself from stores ! Let 's say you 're prone to go on a shopping binge when you feel blue . You 've got to make sure you do n't even get into the car to go to the store or the mall . Go for a walk or go to the park if it 's a nice day . If you have a conditioned response that 's bad for you , you 've got to work to change it . And the next time you 're tempted to pick something up while shopping , remember the study in the Journal of Consumer Research . Or if that 's too pointy-headed for you , just start humming the refrain from that old song by the Georgia Satellites : "  Do n't hand me no lines and keep your hands to yourself ! "	Research says if you touch an item in a store , you are more likely to overpay for it People form emotional attachments with merchandise To save money , identify and avoid your emotional shopping habits Find many more money-saving tips at CNN.com / ClarkHoward
Rio de Janeiro  CNN  -- Among the fearless young men carving scars into the faces of towering waves , is the "  King of Surfing . " At 41 , Kelly Slater is old enough to be the father of some of his competitors on the Surfing World Tour . But the 11-time world champion -- dubbed "  King Kelly " -- is far from washed up . At a time when his friends are settled down with families , the original surfing pin-up boy is still scoring perfect 10s on the international circuit . "  Friends that were on tour with me 20 years ago , 10 years ago , are now family guys married with kids , " he said . "  They say ' I ca n't believe you 're still doing it , that you 're looking for waves every day . ' "  But I want to surf better tomorrow . I want to surf better in 10 years . When I 'm 50 I want to be a better surfer than I am now -- for me it 's a lifelong journey . " Rise to the top For Slater , it 's a journey that began as a child growing up in the surfing town of Cocoa Beach , in Florida . Aged 20 he became the youngest person to win the Surfing World Championship , smashing the record books again when he also became the oldest person to win the title at 39 . Watch video : Looking for the perfect wave Indeed , Slater is one of the few professional surfers to have transcended the niche sports magazines to the society pages , appearing in dozens of films and starring in hit 1990s TV show Baywatch . "  I wanted to be -LSB- the actor -RSB- Steve Martin when I was a kid . I wanted to be a comedian , " said Slater . "  When I was eight or 10 years old I did n't know that I could have a career from surfing . There were pro surfers who were my heroes , but those guys were n't rich . They were just surfing and traveling and that 's really been the goal my whole life . " Spiritual surfing Surfing is more than a career for Slater -- it 's a spiritual experience , providing solace and filling him with a sense of wonder at nature . "  Surfing is my religion , if I have one , " he said . "  The barrel -LSB- the hollow of a breaking wave -RSB- is really the ultimate ride for any surfer . It 's the eye of the storm . Some guys say it 's like being in the womb . "  For me it 's sort of like time slows down . You become hyper aware of a lot of different things -- the way the wave is breaking , timing , putting yourself in the right part of the barrel . It takes all of your mental capacity to do it just right . " Despite being one of the oldest competitors on the international circuit , Slater has lost none of the grace , skill and fearlessness that made him the most successful surfer in the history of the sport . He scored a perfect 10 for a jaw-dropping reverse flip at notoriously treacherous Bell 's Beach in southern Australia last year . "  This section came at me , and I just launched myself , kind of a ` Hail Mary , ' " said Slater . "  I did n't know if I was going to land it , or if I was going to break my board , or if I was going to break an ankle . " Daredevils But along with the thrills come huge dangers , with Slater admitting that many of his friends have drowned while surfing . "  It makes you think about what it 's worth . But what 's life worth ? Life 's worth experiences and it 's worth the people in your life too , " he said . "  I 'm sure it 's different once you have a partner in your life or kids -- maybe that one wave 's not that important any more . " And as technology develops , the mega waves which decades ago surfers could only dream of riding , are now within reach . Today , thrill seekers are towed by jet ski into colossal waves that would once have been out of bounds . But the dangers are just as large , with surfers risking being pushed up to 15-meters below the water . "  Big waves are a whole different ball game , " said Slater . "  You 're riding a wave with an immense amount of speed and power , generally over 10 meters . On the face of the wave , obviously life and death thoughts start to happen . " Same ball game Slater has been chasing waves his whole life . And you get the feeling his obsession with the water has little to do with the $ 3.5 million in prize money he 's earned . "  The other day we were watching this dog chasing a ball , and I was like ` God would n't it be so great if you could do the same thing over and over and over again your whole life and it 's still as fun ? ' " he said . "  And I 'm like : wait ! That 's what we do . We travel around the whole world just to do that . So waves for surfers are like balls for dogs . We 're just constantly chasing them . " He may have been playing the same ball game over more than four decades , but when it comes to surfing , Slater 's love is as deep as the ocean .	"  King Kelly " Slater is the most successful pro surfer in history At 41 , Slater competes against surfers half his age , shows no sign of slowing down Surfing is a "  religion " for 11-time world champion , who finds beauty and solace in waves Thrill comes with danger , with friends losing lives to giant waves
CNN  -- Mitt Romney is in a bind . He must present himself as a staunch conservative in order to appeal to skeptical right-wing voters in the Republican presidential primary , but if he plays it too conservative , he 'll alienate moderate voters in the general election . Romney adviser Eric Fehrnstrom is not overly concerned , though . On Wednesday , he expressed confidence the campaign would hit the "  reset button " after the nomination and redraw Romney as a moderate candidate . "  Everything changes , " he explained on CNN , "  It 's almost like an Etch A Sketch . You can kind of shake it up and we start all over again . " Fehrnstrom 's comparison of his boss ' campaign to a toy tablet ignited a political firestorm . Internet wags imagined Mitt Romney as an Etch A Sketch drawing , while his primary opponents , Rick Santorum and Newt Gingrich , gleefully brandished Etch A Sketches at campaign events . Romney rushed to contain the damage by promising to be a true conservative forever . It wo n't work . Fehrnstrom has accidentally stumbled on something profound . He may not have much experience with Etch A Sketch technology . With all due respect to that iconic American toy , its legendary reset abilities have never been quite up to scratch . Dark smudges tend to mar the perimeter of its silvery slate , and no matter how vigorously you shake the thing , you can never quite obliterate the residue . Even so , the real-life Etch A Sketch in all its splotchy glory actually offers a better metaphor for American politics than the fantasy of a clean post-primary slate . It 's not that Fehrnstrom 's contempt for the cognitive capabilities of the voters is entirely off the mark . The collective memory of the American electorate is notoriously short . Think you 're smarter than the average voter ? Identify the authors of these political promises : • "  He wo n't streamline the federal government and change the way it works , cut 100,000 bureaucrats and put 100,000 new police officers on the streets of American cities , but I will . " • "  And after we fund important priorities in the ongoing operations of our government , I believe we ought to pay down national debt . And so my budget pays down a record $ 2 trillion in debt over the next 10 years . " • "  My plan requires both major party candidates to agree on a fundraising truce , return excess money from donors and stay within the public financing system for the general election . " Answers : Bill Clinton , George W. Bush , Barack Obama OK , maybe you 're one of the smart ones , but most people would have to guess . That 's why it 's not very hard for presidential candidates to shift from primary promises that appeal to the base to general election proposals that appeal to moderates and independents . Even issues a few months old go rapidly stale when the pressure comes off . House Republicans have recently violated the historic debt deal they agreed to less than a year ago , gambling that voters wo n't hold them to it . They seem to be right . The media has barely covered the story ; the public is n't interested . But American voters do n't forget everything . Some words and ideas seem to permanently embed themselves in our collective psyche . Try identifying the authors of these quotes : • "  Read my lips : no new taxes " • "  I am not a crook . " • "  Tear down this wall . " • "  I did not have sexual relations with that woman . " Easy , right ? George H. W. Bush , Richard Nixon , Ronald Reagan , Bill Clinton . How about this one ? "  Senator , I served with Jack Kennedy , I knew Jack Kennedy , Jack Kennedy was a friend of mine . Senator , you 're no Jack Kennedy . " Most Americans probably remember very little about Vice President Dan Quayle , let alone Sen. Lloyd Bentsen , but this brief exchange during a vice-presidential debate was unforgettable . Pithy one-liners tend to fix themselves in our mental machinery far more easily than complex ideas . They capture a personality , a moment or an idea in a few compelling or amusing words . Apt labels and nicknames also tend to stick : Reagan the great communicator , Clinton the comeback kid , John McCain the maverick , John Kerry the flip-flopper . Once embedded in the great Etch A Sketch that is American political consciousness , these ideas can not be shaken free for decades , sometimes even centuries . People still say , "  Tippecanoe and Tyler too " some 170 years after the campaign slogan was coined , though few have any idea who it referred to or why . Time will tell which words and ideas endure from the 2012 presidential election , but Eric Fehrnstrom has offered us a prime candidate . The Etch A Sketch perfectly captures voters ' perception of Mitt Romney as an opportunistic politician anxious to redraw himself according to the political requirements of the moment , a man who leans left in Massachusetts and right in Mississippi . The notion provokes the mistrust of conservatives , the cynicism of moderates and the amusement of liberals . Whether the label is fair is beside the point . Romney can defend his ideological consistency all year long . Nonetheless , when it comes to pithy words that stimulate the country 's political imagination , you can shake and shake and shake , but you can never quite obliterate that residue . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michael Wolraich .	Michael Wolraich : Etch A Sketch gaffe-turned-joke highlights bind Romney was already in He says in truth Etch A Sketch leaves residue on screen after a shake , a better analogy here He says voters forget actual policy promises ; they remember gaffes , one-liners , labels Wolraich : Romney can defend consistency all he wants , but it 's the new pithy gibe that will stick
CNN  -- By making public her story about how she dealt with the high risk of getting breast cancer , Angelina Jolie has done a real service for women around the world . By letting us all know about her decision to get genetic testing for susceptibility to breast cancer -- and then , when the results came back positive , to have a double mastectomy -- she has bravely helped inform women with a history of breast cancer in their families about the need to seek out testing and counseling . For a woman whose career is tied to her appearance , her willingness to talk about her decision provides support to women and their partners who may face a similar difficult choice . Five reasons we love Angelina Jolie There are other lessons to be learned from her example . For one , reconstructive surgery is better than it was a few decades ago . For another , she chose not to have her ovaries removed , which some women do despite the resulting premature menopause and other hormonal changes . Just as important is the issue of cost . Many insurance companies do not cover the cost of genetic testing for cancer and other conditions . The cost of the breast cancer test that Jolie had is prohibitive for many women . Some insurance companies wo n't pay for elective preventive mastectomy . And still others balk at the cost of reconstruction -- denying payment on the grounds that it is merely cosmetic or aesthetic . Jolie 's choice carries risks along with benefits Women with breast cancer and ovarian cancer in their families should talk to their doctors about the desirability of testing . If they are found to be at risk , not all will follow Jolie 's decision , since even radical double mastectomy is not a 100 % guarantee against getting cancer . My preventive mastectomy : Staying alive for my kids As the U.S. pushes forward into health reform , Jolie 's story reminds us that we need to adjust our health care system from one that pays for treatment to one that also covers prevention . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Arthur Caplan .	Angelina Jolie revealed that she has had a double mastectomy Arthur Caplan : For a woman whose career is tied to her looks , her decision is brave He says she has done a real service for women by talking about testing , counseling Caplan : Our health care system should find a way to cover costly preventive procedures
CNN  -- George Zimmerman , who sold his first painting on eBay for a whopping $ 100,000 , is at it again . And this time his subject is the woman who charged him with second-degree murder : Special Prosecutor Angela Corey . The painting , a swirl of bright red and yellow , shows Corey with her fingers pinched . The caption , in all caps , says , "  I have this much respect for the American judicial system - Angie C. " It 's an artistic depiction of a much-reprinted photograph of Corey from the news conference when she announced the charge against Zimmerman . CNN left phone and email messages with the prosecutor 's office for a response . Zimmerman 's brother , Robert , posted a photo of the painting on Twitter on Wednesday night . "  Very proud to introduce @TherealGeorgeZ 's latest ... "  Angie " . Sale info & details available tomorrow . " Last month , the former neighborhood watchman listed an original painting on eBay : An 18-by-24-inch canvas featuring a blue , waving American flag with the words , "  God , one nation , with liberty and justice for all " emblazoned across it . The winning bid on it was $ 100,099.99 . "  Everyone has been asking what I have been doing with myself . I found a creative , way to express myself , my emotions and the symbols that represent my experiences , " the item description for that painting read . "  My art work allows me to reflect , providing a therapeutic outlet and allows me to remain indoors . " Zimmerman has been in and out of the spotlight since his July acquittal in the fatal shooting of 17-year-old Trayvon Martin in 2012 . In December , Florida prosecutors said they would not charge Zimmerman after a domestic dispute with his girlfriend in November resulted in his arrest . Previously , he was stopped several times for speeding . Zimmerman told a judge in November he had $ 150 to his name and was $ 2.5 million in debt . Zimmerman wo n't be charged in domestic dispute , prosecutor says	The new painting depicts prosecutor Angela Corey Zimmerman 's earlier painting sold for $ 100,000 He told a judge in November he was $ 2.5 million in debt
CNN  -- A university president apologized after members of the school 's band yelled "  where 's your green card " at a Latino player during a NCAA basketball tournament game Thursday . TV cameras captured the incident during the University of Southern Mississippi-Kansas State University game at the Consol Energy Center in Pittsburgh . As Kansas State point guard Angel Rodriguez shot free throws , several people could clearly be heard with the green card chant . Rodriguez did not change his expression during the chants and helped push Kansas State to victory by scoring 13 points . "  I heard it . I do n't pay attention to that nonsense , especially because Puerto Rico is a commonwealth , so we do n't need no type of papers , " Rodriguez said Friday . "  Their athletic director and personnel from their school came to apologize , and I accepted it . " Rodriguez said he realized that there are "  ignorant people , and I know that is not how they want to represent their university . " "  I 've moved on already , " he said . "  I have a game to focus on . " NCAA spokeswoman Stacey Osburn said the University of Southern Mississippi "  responded in a timely and appropriate fashion to address the matter . " "  Any determination of championship misconduct is the purview of the men 's basketball committee and will be addressed following the tournament , " she said . Southern Miss President Martha Saunders issued an apology . "  We deeply regret the remarks made by a few students at today 's game , " Saunders said in a statement on the school 's website . "  The words of these individuals do not represent the sentiments of our pep band , athletic department or university . We apologize to Mr. Rodriguez and will take quick and appropriate disciplinary action against the students involved in this isolated incident . " The eighth-seeded Kansas State Wildcats beat the ninth-seeded Southern Miss Golden Eagles 70-64 , knocking them out of the tournament .	The incident was captured by television cameras "  We deeply regret the remarks made by a few students , " school president says Kansas State beat Southern Miss 70-64
RS.com  -- Lady Gaga , Arcade Fire and Eminem will perform as part of the inaugural YouTube Music Awards on November 3 , celebrating the rise of the Google-owned video service to what it calls "  the world 's go-to music destination . " Jason Schwartzman will host the live-streamed awards , which YouTube says will include "  performances and musical collaborations from Seoul , Moscow , London and Rio , " followed by a live event in New York . Seven ways musicians make money off YouTube Nominees will be announced on October 17 , based on videos that have been watched and shared the most over the past year . It appears that winners will be chosen by the public through social media . It 's been a big year for YouTube : In addition to racking up billions and billions of views  including 1.7 billion alone for Psy 's "  Gangnam Style " and hundreds of millions more for recent videos from stars including Justin Bieber , Katy Perry and Miley Cyrus  , Billboard in February altered its chart criteria to include data from YouTube . How Baauer took ` Harlem Shake ' to No. 1 The change turned Baauer 's viral sensation "  Harlem Shake " into a No. 1 hit . The YouTube Music Awards will feature film and music director Spike Jonze as creative director . Vice and Sunset Lane Entertainment will serve as executive producers . See the original story at RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	The inaugural YouTube Music Awards will be held on November 3 Lady Gaga , Arcade Fire and Eminem will perform The event will be hosted Jason Schwartzman Spike Jonze will serve as creative director
London , England  CNN  -- The twin brother of the man allegedly responsible for one of the worst massacres in recent British history was among 12 people killed before the gunman took his own life , police said Thursday . The series of drive-by shootings in northern England also left 11 people wounded . David Bird , the 52-year-old twin brother of alleged shooter Derrick Bird , was found dead at his home in the English village of Lamplugh , police said . David Bird , they noted , was the father of three daughters . Early Wednesday evening , British authorities identified four other victims . Garry John Purdham , 31 , was found dead in a field on the roadside next to a pub . Darren Paul Rewcastle , 43 , was a local taxi driver . Cyclist Michael James Pike , 64 , was shot dead in the road . Jamie Michael Dennis Clark , 23 , was found dead in his car . Earlier , authorities named three other people killed in the shootings : 60-year-old solicitor Kevin Commons , who was found in his driveway ; 57-year-old Susan Hughes , a mother of two ; and 66-year-old Jane Elizabeth Robinson . The UK 's head of state , Queen Elizabeth II , issued condolences , saying she was "  deeply shocked " by what happened . "  In asking you to pass my deepest and most heartfelt sympathy to the families of all those who were killed or injured , and to the injured themselves , I am sure I share in the grief and horror of the whole country , " the queen said . Police also released a map tracing the route that suspect Derrick Bird , 52 , is believed to have traveled on his rampage through the region on Wednesday . Were you there ? Send your pics , video The route begins near the village of Lamplugh and winds through Cumbria , taking in the seaside towns of Whitehaven and Seascale before ending up farther inland near Boot , in the Lake District . Police lifted the cordons at most of the 30 separate crime scenes , but Derrick Bird 's house in Rowrah , near Frizington , remained one of those roped off , they said . Forensic experts were examining two weapons seized by police , a shotgun and a .22 rifle fitted with a telescopic sight . Police said Bird was a licensed firearms holder for 20 years and they were investigating whether the license covers the seized firearms . Gun laws tightened after massacres "  The focus of the 100-strong squad of detectives investigating the incident is firmly on finding out why someone would want to take so many lives in such a short space of time , " Cumbria Police said in a statement . "  Officers and staff are conducting forensic evidential searches and tests across the area at each location . " "  What happened -LSB- on Wednesday -RSB- was unthinkable and is without doubt the most horrific incident I have seen in my 25 year long policing career , " said Cumbria Chief Constable Craig Mackey . "  We now need to work together as a county to recover as we look to the future . " Police finished searching the known and possible routes Bird could have used -- an area covering 150 kilometers  93 miles  -- and said as a result they were not expecting to find any more victims . Of the wounded , eight remained in hospitals Thursday , with four in stable and four in "  comfortable " condition , police said . Local Detective Chief Superintendent Iain Goulding released a statement identifying Derrick Bird as a self-employed taxi driver who had lived in Rowrah since 1993 . Goulding noted that Bird drove a silver Citroen Picasso , which was used during Wednesday 's shooting spree . Meanwhile , a taxi driver shot in the back during Wednesday 's killing spree has described how he watched Bird shoot dead another driver , Darren Rewcastle , at point blank range . "  He turned up and shouted ` Darren ' before walking up to him and taking his face off . I saw it . He just shot him , " Reed , a former soldier , told the Liverpool Echo . Wounded taxi driver ` watched friend shot in face ' Peter Leder , who described himself as a friend of Bird 's , told CNN he spoke to Bird on Tuesday night and Bird told him , "  You wo n't see me again . " Leder said Bird drove his taxi in Whitehaven for more than 20 years and described him as "  an outgoing , well-known guy , who everyone liked . " Bird was close to his mother , who is ill in a local nursing home , Leder said . He said his friend enjoyed scuba diving , went on several diving trips abroad and practiced regularly at the Whitehaven swimming baths . Leder said he knew Bird had guns but said he was not violent . "  I ca n't shed any light on it , " Leder said . " ... He was a decent guy , and I 'm sorry for what 's happened . " CNN 's David Wilkinson and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report .	NEW : Police identify four more victims of Cumbria shootings Police name name twin brother of alleged killer as one of the victims Police tracing map taken by suspect Derrick Bird Cordons lifted at most crime scenes
CNN  -- When Cathy Sarubbi 's first child was born , she could have never imagined the girl would grow up to become a U.S. Paralympian who competed in Vancouver and trained for Sochi . She could n't dream of anything for her daughter because she did n't know if the baby would even live through the night . In the weeks leading up to the delivery , excitement was building for the first grandchild on one side of the Sarubbi family , and the third on the other : 150 family and friends feted her with a baby shower at The Tamaqua , a neighborhood bar owned by her husband 's family for three generations . Sarubbi lives in a tight-knit community in Brooklyn called Gerritsen Beach . Surrounded by water on three sides , it is as small-town as you can get inside a borough with a population of more than 2 million . It is where I grew up  I knew the Sarubbi family growing up , but was n't aware of Caitlin 's story until now  . The big day finally arrived . After three or four normal sonograms , Sarubbi , then 27 years old , went into labor . "  And out comes the baby , and the room goes quiet , " she said during a recent interview . The doctors and nurses were stunned . In fact , a neonatalogist told Sarubbi that he had never seen anything like it in over 20 years of practicing , the mother of five told me . Her daughter , who would be named Caitlin , was born with no eyelids , underdeveloped ears and other facial deformities . Her vision was dramatically impacted because amniotic fluid inside the womb damaged her corneas . Sarubbi , who had to be rushed into the operating room after delivery because she was hemorrhaging , did n't see her baby until 12 hours later . She remembers the maternity nurse who took her to see Caitlin for the first time . " ` Now you stop your crying , you get on your knees and you pray . ... Let 's go mama , ' " Sarubbi said the nurse told her . "  She gave me that smack in the face I needed . " The doctors told her Caitlin might die , become mentally challenged or legally blind . "  They did n't know what to do so they just put her under the jaundice lights , " she said . When someone dropped a tray , and Caitlin jumped , she and her husband knew their baby could hear sounds and decided they had to get her into a hospital with more specialized care . "  It 's been pretty much a miracle ever since . " ` She was fully accepted ' When Caitlin was just 3 days old , she had the first of some 70 surgeries she would have over the next 24 years . Doctors determined she had Ablepharon Macrostomia Syndrome , an extremely rare genetic disorder characterized by various physical abnormalities that could affect the head and facial area , the skin , and fingers , according to the National Organization for Rare Disorders . After nearly 10 weeks in the hospital , Caitlin , who is called Caitie by her family and friends , came home . "  And it was like the floodgates of Gerritsen Beach opened , " said Sarubbi , remembering the love and support she received , especially that first time she walked baby Catie in a stroller down the main avenue running throughout the community . "  She was fully accepted , so that gave us strength to put her out in the world ... and it did n't stop . " It did n't stop , indeed . Caitlin , who is legally blind and partially hearing impaired , would go on to ski in the 2010 Winter Paralympics in Vancouver and get into Harvard University , where she is studying social and cognitive neuroscience . She got her Harvard admissions letter and her nomination letter to the U.S. ski team in the same week during her senior year in high school . "  It was just so powerful for me because this was years of work and sacrifice , and to have it all come together in this one , two , three day span , it was like wow , this actually happened . This was all worth it , " Caitlin told me during an interview . She owes everything to her mom , and her dad John , a New York City firefighter , she said . "  If it was n't for them ... I would n't be here today because so many other people could have  broken  under that kind of pressure and that kind of decision making , " she said . "  My syndrome is so rare . ... It was n't even something that they had a plan of action for from previous examples . " A passion grows out of tragedy New York communities were hit hard by the September 11 terror attacks , including Gerritsen Beach , which is home to many firefighters . The inlet community lost residents , including two members of the New York City Fire Department . Charitable offers to firefighters to attend concerts and meet celebrities poured in , and John Sarubbi , deeply in pain , turned them all down , his wife said . Disabled Sports USA , a group that tries to help people with disabilities live full lives through sports , offered an all-expenses paid trip to Breckenridge , Colorado , to John and Cathy along with 11-year-old Caitlin and their three other children at the time . Cathy jumped at the chance , but John was reluctant , thinking it was a scam to commit the family into buying something . "  Johnny 's like , ` I 'm not going . It 's a time-share spiel , ' " said Cathy . But they went . Four years later , John received a lifetime achievement award from Disabled Sports USA . Now he travels to Colorado every year to volunteer along with his entire family . Besides inspiring the Sarubbis to give back through volunteering , that trip did something else . It gave birth to Caitlin 's love affair with ski racing . At first , Caitlin was a bit of a chicken on the mountain , she said , but over time she got more aggressive , and decided to give racing a try when the Adaptive Sports Foundation , a group the family volunteers with in Windham , New York , started a race team and asked her to join . "  I did like the feeling it gave you , like a freedom , " said Caitlin . "  And then I just fell in love with racing because it was a controlled environment to be out of control almost . " Always reaching higher As a super high-achiever , who took Advanced Placement courses in high school even while missing up to 10 weeks of classes to train , she set her sights on the next big goal . "  What 's the next thing I can do , what 's the next thing I can achieve ? " she remembers thinking at the time . "  I need to make the U.S. ski team . " After her first semester at Harvard , Caitlin took 2Â 1/2 years off to train for Vancouver , the site of the 2010 Winter Paralympics . PHOTOS : Winter Paralympics opening ceremony Family , friends and other supporters -- 38 people in all -- traveled to cheer on Caitlin at the Games . "  Mostly all of them had known me since I was a baby ... so for them to kind of experience that transition with us was kind of incredible , " said Caitlin , who finished sixth in two races and eighth in another . She would gain national exposure when Procter & Gamble , through its "  Thank You , Mom " program , saluting the moms behind the athletes , chose to feature her in a campaign , along with four Olympic athletes : speedskater J.R. Celski , moguls skier Hannah Kearney , ice hockey team player Julie Chu and snowboarder Seth Wescott . "  It meant so much that they acknowledged the Paralympics , " said Caitlin . "  I did n't even get a medal in Vancouver , but they thought my story was good enough to include with these other amazing athletes . " This year , P&G created its first ad specifically for the Paralympics , which Caitlin said is another huge step in putting the Olympics for athletes with disabilities on the map . The Paralympics wrap up Sunday in Sochi . Getting the gold After 2Â 1/2 years at Harvard , Caitlin decided to make a run for Sochi . She took a year and a half off from school , and moved to Mt. Hood , Oregon , along with her 20-year-old sister Jamie , who would train to be her guide . All visually impaired downhill skiers have a guide , who skis in front of them and helps direct them down the mountain . But during a warm-up run in December , when Caitlin said she was giving it her all , her dream of a second Paralympic run came crashing to an end . She got a concussion during a wipe out , missed five weeks of training and did not secure a spot on the U.S. Paralympic team . The girl who achieved everything she set out to do now faced something she had never faced before . "  This is the first time Caitlin ever set out for anything and it did n't happen , " said Cathy . In an e-mail to family , friends and supporters , Caitlin told them her Sochi hopes were over , thanked them for their support and then attached an e-mail from the mother of a child who has a disability . "  The e-mail was inspiring . She said I love your story . You gave me so much hope , " said Caitlin , who is back home in Brooklyn , volunteering with the Adaptive Sports Foundation and looking for internships this summer before returning to Harvard in the fall . "  I kind of attached a little bit of that e-mail and said , ` Listen this is why I want to do it . I want to raise awareness . ' " "  And  if  you look at it from that way , I won . I got the gold medal , " she told her supporters . "  I do n't need to go to Sochi . " What do you think it takes to raise a child with disabilities ? Chime in below in the comments or tell Kelly Wallace on Twitter or CNN Living on Facebook .	When Caitlin Sarubbi was born , doctors did n't know if she 'd live through the night Caitlin was born with Ablepharon Macrostomia Syndrome , a rare genetic disorder Caitlin became a top visually impaired skier and made it to the 2010 Winter Paralympics in Vancouver A Harvard undergrad , she 's focusing on raising awareness of people with disabilities
CNN  -- Magic Johnson is a part of some exclusive clubs : NCAA and NBA champions . Basketball hall of famers . Olympic gold medalists . Now he 's joined an even more exclusive group : players who have become owners of professional sports teams . Last week , the Los Angeles Dodgers announced that a group including Johnson , film producer Peter Guber , baseball executive Stan Kasten and Guggenheim Partners CEO Mark Walter had purchased the team . The staggering price tag : $ 2.15 billion . Johnson told ESPN 's "  Baseball Tonight " that the new ownership was determined to turn around the ballclub , which has suffered from uneven play , an attendance decline and the Bryan Stow fan-beating scandal in recent years as well as controversy over previous owner Frank McCourt 's financial situation . "  We 're going to work hard to bring them a winning team and a great fan experience , " Johnson told the ESPN program . The 2012 baseball season officially opens Wednesday , though two teams played games last week in Japan . The owner 's box has traditionally been occupied by the likes of oil tycoons , real estate barons , old-money industrialists and high-tech millionaires . Even in these times of athletes making eight-figure salaries , it 's rare for professional players to move from the playing field to the executive suite , observes Richard Davies , a sports historian and professor at the University of Nevada , Reno . Among those who have made the jump : Michael Jordan  part owner of the Charlotte Bobcats  , Mario Lemieux  who has a major piece of the NHL Pittsburgh Penguins  and Nolan Ryan  principal owner of baseball 's Texas Rangers  . There 's also historical precedent . Connie Mack , a onetime journeyman catcher , owned baseball 's Philadelphia Athletics for more than 50 years ; he was also the team 's manager and primary executive . George Halas , who played a handful of games for baseball 's New York Yankees , took a job with the A.E. Staley starch company of Decatur , Illinois , after his hardball career ended in 1919 ; a year later he took control of the company-sponsored football team , which became the NFL 's Chicago Bears . His family still owns the team today . No guarantee of success Johnson may find out that big-league experience counts for little in his new profession . Mack had some good runs as A 's owner -- particularly in the beginning -- but his teams suffered greatly after post-championship fire sales in 1915 and the early 1930s . In the last 20 years of his ownership , the team finished last 10 times . In those days , there were no multimillion-dollar television revenue streams to provide a rebuilding nest egg ; the team almost went bankrupt in the early '50s . But it 's not like all the 21st-century perks that teams get these days -- TV money , luxury suites , sponsorships -- have helped some players turn their athletic expertise into ownership triumph . The legendary hockey player Wayne Gretzky became a part owner of the Phoenix Coyotes in 2001 . Even after Gretzky took over as head coach , the team struggled . It declared bankruptcy in 2009 , and Gretzky stepped down as coach and owner that fall . Jordan bought the NBA 's Charlotte Bobcats in 2010 . On Sunday , with the team in the midst of a horrific season , Jordan put out a statement that he was "  100 % committed to building the Bobcats into a contender " and has "  no plans to sell the team . " Johnson 's already a proven businessman , having built Magic Johnson Enterprises into a $ 500 million-plus operation with movie theaters and Starbucks franchises , according to Forbes . He said he 's committed to being the public face of the team and making the Dodgers the talk of Southern California again . "  I will have my office at Dodger Stadium . ... I 'll be doing the community , getting out , selling the Dodger brand , " he told "  Baseball Tonight . " Mike Veeck , who 's a partner in seven minor league baseball teams , said he thinks Johnson can provide exactly the magic the storied Dodgers need . "  They could n't pick a better front guy , " Veeck said . "  I think this is a tremendous opportunity for both the fans and for him . I think baseball  fans  are clamoring for a face -- for somebody they feel who is on their side or one of them . " Can Johnson just use his magic ? Veeck knows something about bringing fans to the ballpark , using a "  fun is good " mantra for such promotions as groundskeepers dragging the field in drag , massage-giving nuns and "  VHS Demolition Night . " He 's the son of the late , legendary major league owner Bill Veeck , who gave Chicago 's old Comiskey Park its exploding scoreboard , hired 3-foot-7-inch Eddie Gaedel for an at-bat and won pennants with the 1948 Cleveland Indians and 1959 Chicago White Sox . The '48 Indians set an attendance record that was surpassed just twice in the next 30 years -- both times by the Dodgers . Mike Veeck urges Johnson to listen to the fans by hosting town hall meetings and making frequent appearances . "  Now we have a chance for a legitimate hero on several planes to say , ` Let 's get in this together , ' " he said . "  The most important thing is to involve them . " And once the Dodgers have re-established a customer-friendly reputation , then Johnson can tap into the benefits of Hollywood , Veeck suggested . "  We 're celebrity-driven . At first blush I 'd name every night of the season after some  star  and almost dare them not to come ! " he laughed . There are never any guarantees in sports , of course . The Dodgers may have been overpriced , hurting future bottom lines . The ownership group dynamics may change .  When he bought the New York Yankees , George Steinbrenner said he 'd be a hands-off owner ; years later , one of his minority partners , John McMullen , offered the classic observation that "  there is nothing quite so limited as being a limited partner of George Steinbrenner 's . " More directly , the crosstown Angels had a huge off-season , signing marquee player Albert Pujols , and have blanketed Southern California with billboards . On the other hand , the Dodgers are coming off a third-place finish and are n't expected to make the playoffs this season . But , said Veeck , do n't count Johnson out . "  His name is synonymous with fun and laughter , " he added . "  I 'd love to have that gig , to promote fun and laughter with someone named Magic . "	Magic Johnson becomes one of the rare team athletes to become a team owner Professional players have had a mixed record when they have turned to team ownership Nolan Ryan 's Rangers have done well , but Wayne Gretzky 's Coyotes fell flat Johnson says he 's committed to improving team and "  selling the Dodger brand "
CNN  -- Even at the age of 41 Lance Armstrong 's thirst for competition remains undimmed . But the disgraced doper 's quest to take part in a swimming event in Texas has been sunk before he 's even hit the water . Armstrong was banned from cycling for life by the United States Anti-Doping Agency after they accused him of running the "  most sophisticated , professionalized and successful doping program " the sport had ever seen . He refused to cooperate with USADA 's investigation and was stripped of his seven Tour de France titles , later admitting taking performance enhancing drugs in an interview with Oprah Winfrey . Armstrong had hoped to compete at the Masters South Central Zone Swimming Championships in his home town of Austin this weekend , thinking it was not subject to USA or World Anti-Doping Agency codes . But after news of his entry in the 500 , 1,000 and 1,650-yard freestyle events , swimming 's governing body FINA stepped in to object to his participation . Lance Armstrong 's demise : How an all-American hero fell to earth Now Armstrong 's camp say he wo n't take to the pool . Rob Butcher , executive director of U.S. Masters Swimming , who are staging the event , told CNN : "  The word back is that he is not eligible to participate in our competition because FINA follows the WADA code -- the World Anti-Doping Authority code . "  And , as such , we are bound -- through a couple layers of separation down -- to our events as well . "  So the takeaway is : while he has entered and you 'll see him on a heat sheet , he is not eligible to participate in that event . Or any other U.S.M.S competition . " Two Lance Armstrong moves in the works Butcher said upon informing Armstrong 's camp on Thursday morning , he will now withdraw from the event . Butcher added : "  After giving them this news , his people , not talking to him directly but his management team , said , ` You know what : we do n't want to cause harm to your organization . We 're not trying to create a sideshow circus for you guys . He 's just going to withdraw or not show up for the event . ' " In a statement issued Thursday , U.S. Masters Swimming clarified its stance on the matter further . "  Lance Armstrong is not eligible to race in U.S. Masters Swimming competitions , " it read . "  The former competitive cyclist has been a member of U.S. Masters Swimming for several years . The spirit and purpose of USMS is to encourage adults to swim . "  USMS is affiliated with FINA  Federation Internationale de Natacion  through United States Aquatic Sports . "  When we became aware that Mr. Armstrong entered the 2013 South Central Zone Championship in Austin , Texas , April 5-7 , a local event sanctioned by USMS , we contacted United States Aquatic Sports and FINA to clarify our responsibilities in this case . The event in question is conducted in a 25-yard pool , a non-Olympic course not contested on the international stage . "  After discussion with United States Aquatic Sports and FINA , it was agreed that although Mr. Armstrong is eligible for membership in U.S. Masters Swimming , he is not currently eligible to compete in sanctioned swimming competitions , regardless of the type of course . "  The World Anti-Doping Agency has banned Mr. Armstrong from competition . FINA accepts the WADA Code and USMS , as a member of United States Aquatic Sports , recognizes and respects adjudications under the Code . " Armstrong had posted on his Twitter account last month that he was in swimming training but he will now have to wait to make his competitive debut in the pool . A statement posted on FINA 's website confirmed the competition was under the jurisdiction of U.S Masters Swimming and quoted FINA rule DC 15.1 . It reads : "  The Testing , therapeutic use exemptions and hearing results or other final adjudications of any Signatory to the Code which are consistent with the Code and are within the Signatory 's authority , shall be recognized and respected by FINA and its Member Federations . " As a result they added : "  FINA wrote a letter to the U.S. Masters Swimming  with copy to US Aquatic Sports and USA Swimming  requesting not to accept the entry of Mr. Lance Armstrong in the above mentioned competition . " Feds join whistle-blower lawsuit against Lance Armstrong CNN 's Shannon Travis contributed to this story	Disgraced cyclist Lance Armstrong pulls out of return to competitive sport Armstrong entered an endurance swimming event in Texas this weekend Swimming 's governing body ask organizers to forbid Armstrong from competing The 41-year-old had his seven Tour de France titles stripped after admitting doping
CNN  -- Walking into the Khatmul Nabeen Masjid  mosque  , you can for a moment forget that you 're in Afghanistan . Beautiful buildings , walkways , flowerbeds and even a grass soccer pitch . Mohammed Asif Mohseni is said to be behind the law . Young men and women , dressed in Muslim attire , walk around freely and with smiles . Smiles are a bit of a rarity in today 's Kabul , a polluted city of survival and despair , so this was both shocking and refreshing to me . We did n't have an appointment but we were hoping to interview Mohammed Asif Mohseni , a conservative Shia cleric . He is said to be the man behind the controversial Shia state law , a law critics say strips Afghan Shia women of many rights . While security was checking our bags , one guard said that Mohseni had been waiting for us . I tried explaining that we did not have an appointment . Nonetheless , we were sent back to where Mohseni was waiting . Before entering the room I was cautioned by a guard to make sure none of my hair was showing below my headscarf . They were apologetic ; one even asked me to zip up my sweater higher because too much of my neck was exposed . I complied , tucking in my hair and zipping my sweater as high as it could go . Now paranoid about the design holes in my scarf that exposed parts of my hair , I took off my shoes to enter . As we walked in , Mohseni , an older man with a white beard wearing a Shia-style turban called a "  dulband " was sitting on a brown couch . He looked at the two men who brought us in and said , "  These are n't the two I was waiting for . " I explained that we just showed up for an interview because we did not have a number to reach him . He smiled and said , "  I guess you are in luck . " Mohseni welcomed us and asked me to translate his warm welcome to our Scottish cameraman . As the interview started , I noticed that Mohseni avoided my eyes . I wondered if it was because I was female . I was also prepared for verbal attacks ; a journalist friend told me that when he brought a western journalist to interview Mohseni a few days ago , the journalist ended up having more questions thrown at him than he was able to ask . But it did n't take long for Mohseni to warm up and explain why Shia state law is just and a part of Islam . Those who do n't agree do n't understand it , he said . "  The law ... which I created I see as correct for both men and women , " he said . "  We have given rights to both men and women , even better than rights given to women in the West . We give women more in this law . " I asked him about reports that if a woman does not comply in having sexual relations with her husband , then the husband can refuse to feed her . "  Yes , I said that , " Mohseni said looking me in the eye . "  When a couple marries , sex is a part of marriage , and they agree to that . " He went on to explain that a woman is n't obliged to have sexual relations every single night or if she is told by her doctor to refrain . But otherwise it is her obligation and something she signed up for when she got married . He calls it the wife 's duty . Mohseni added that a wife wearing makeup "  prevents a man from thinking about other women on the streets and he can just think of his wife . " He continued : "  It is natural that women  wear makeup  . Do n't they in the West ? Their women wear it on the streets and in shops . Women should put make-up on for their husbands as it will increase the love and attraction between the two . " The cleric also explained that a woman is not required to ask the permission of a man to leave the house if she has a job and needs to go to work . But they do need to get permission if they are leaving for other reasons . More importantly , he said , a couple needs to make clear the day they marry whether or not she will need permission to leave the home . If they disagree then they should not get married . "  Like , you are working for CNN , " he said . "  If your boss tells you , you 'll be working for 8 hours a day , then you 're responsible for that . It 's the same here . They both have to agree on it . " According to Mohseni , the West is imposing its beliefs on the Muslim world because they do n't understand . However , it 's not just people in the West who are opposed to this law . Many Afghans , men and women , have vehemently resisted it . They fear it will set women back after the progress that has been made in the last seven years . Sima Samar , head of Afghanistan 's Independent Human Rights Commission , has been working for a year now , trying to amend certain articles within the law . "  I feel discriminated . Clear-cut . I do n't feel equal in this country , " she told us . Samar said the law does not represent Islam . It blatantly contradicts the constitution of Afghanistan , which states that men and women are equal . Critics have labeled the law as "  Talibanistic , " but Samar says even many of the Taliban 's actions were not enshrined in law . She admitted that a law for Shias is necessary but that it should be what is stated in Sharia or Islamic Law . "  One of the very important pillars in Islam is justice , there is no justice in this law , " she said . Samar also pointed out the absurdities in the law , such as the edict on makeup . "  If she does n't  put on make-up  , will the husband go complain to the police that she did n't put  on  the lipstick ? Or , ' I like red but she put on pink . ' " However , Samar did n't blame the clerics alone for creating the new law ; she blamed various parts of the government for allowing it to pass . "  I think they -- all of them -- took the whole issue very superficially . And none of the state institutions , ministry of justice , parliament , senate and the office of the president , really did n't look at the law as serious as they should , " she said .	Mohammed Asif Mohseni is said to be man behind Shia State Law Critics say the law strips Afghan Shia women of rights Mohseni : "  Law ... which I created I see as correct for both men and women " Afghan human rights campaigner says law does not represent Islam
CNN  -- From designer John Galliano 's anti-Semitic tirade to Vogue Italia 's recent reference to "  slave earrings " -- the fashion world is often , it seems , at the sharp end of the race debate . In 2007 , several of the world 's black supermodels , including Naomi Campbell , Somalian-born Iman , and male model Tyson Beckford launched a campaign against race discrimination in the fashion industry . Former model Bethann Hardison organized the campaign . A model in the 1970s , she later formed her own agency and helped launch the careers of both Campbell and Beckford . She was quoted in the New York Times as saying , "  Modeling is probably the one industry where you have the freedom to refer to people by their color and reject them in their work . " The following year , Vogue Italia published the "  Black Issue " -- celebrating models of color from the past and present . The magazine sold out in the United States and Great Britain within 72 hours . So how far has the industry changed since then ? As Paris Fashion Week comes to a close , CNN spoke to two black women with two different experiences of the industry . Sosheba Griffiths , 22 , is a model from Kingston , Jamaica who was discovered on her way home from school , aged 16 . She moved to New York to launch her international career and has since worked with a long list of top designers including Roberto Cavalli , Vivienne Westwood and Diane von Furstenberg . She says things are looking good for models of all ethnicity . Constance C.R. White is Editor-in-Chief of Essence magazine , a monthly title aimed at African-American women focusing on fashion , lifestyle and beauty . White acknowledges progress has been made , but says there 's still a long way to go . How far have things changed in the fashion industry since 2008 ? Griffiths : There has definitely been a big improvement since 2008 ... After the all-black edition of Vogue Italia , we have seen the numbers of black models go up on catwalks , magazine shoots , adverts , everything . Everyone is much more aware of it now . I think that in the last couple of years people feel OK to talk about race , to say there has been a problem and to try and change that . White : Yes , there has been progress . Remember , there were no black models at all in the 30s and 40s and it was only as recently as the 1970s that we had the first black face on the cover of Vogue.But the change has not been anywhere near fast or dramatic enough . Unfortunately , there a still hurdles to overcome . Even this year there were some shows in Milan that did n't have a single black model . More generally , there are fewer jobs for black and Asian women ... and even though there are and have been a number of big name black supermodels like Naomi Cambell , Tyra Banks and Iman -- you rarely see them together in the same shoot . Are you concerned that the increased use of ethnically diverse models is just a fashion trend ? White : There is a tendency to see black models as part of a trend rather than as a blank canvass . Designers and editors will say a certain style "  looks good " on a black person -- generally something bright and colorful -- but you 'd never hear the same discussions around white models . On top of this , the "  black look " is defined narrowly within the fashion system . When an agency or designer says they want say , an "  all American " look -- what does that mean ? Do black models get sent on call for shoots like that ? Mostly not . Griffiths : Ethnic looks are much more fashionable now than they used to be ... You see a lot more really lovely African fabrics , traditional tribal colors , Indian jewelery and stuff like that . But even if it started as a trend , I 'm sure it 's now something that is here to stay . The high-end designer clothes are getting more popular all over the world , not just Europe and America , so the designers will have to have models for all the different customers . How does life differ for black models on a day-to-day basis ? White : Most white models are groomed for life in the fashion industry from a young age . An agent will invest resources so that they know how to dress , how to speak and how to behave on shoot . This type of thing does n't often happen for black models , so they have a steeper learning curve and are more likely to feel like outsiders from the start . Griffiths : I think maybe I was one of the lucky ones . When I started in 2006 , I moved from Jamaica to New York and it was amazing -- but everything was new to me . My agency took me to Topshop to buy a new wardrobe , and they told me the kind of thing I should say in castings and everything I needed to know to do well . From day-to-day there are some things that are different . When we do shoots , some of the makeup artists do n't know what colors to use on our face or how to style our hair , and they maybe get a bit frustrated . But I do n't get mad at them , I just try to help , I bring my own foundation and let them use that .	How far has fashion industry tackled racism since Vogue Italia "  All Black " issue ? Young black model and editor of black women 's magazine have different views But both agree that the future is only going to be more diverse
KARACHI , Pakistan  CNN  -- Police in Pakistan arrested lawyers holding a public protest to demand that the government immediately restore judges the previous president had ousted , Karachi 's police chief told CNN Thursday . Lawyers shout slogans Thursday in Karachi on the eve of a march to Islamabad . Among those detained were Muira Malik , former president of the Supreme Court Bar Association and leader of the Karachi lawyers movement , and retired high court justice Rasheed Razvi , police Chief Wasim Ahmed said . The lawyers were arrested under an order that outlaws public gatherings . The police chief also said authorities had credible information that there was a terror threat against the march and he had warned the lawyers before they started that it would be a public danger . Up to 500 lawyers in the Karachi group planned to join thousands of other demonstrators heading to the capital , Islamabad , as part of a four-day "  Long March . " The demonstrators plan a massive sit-in at the parliament building Monday . "  Our movement is a peaceful movement , " organizer Razvi , president of the Sindh High Court Bar Association , said before his arrest . "  When we protested the last time , there were hundreds of thousands of people and not one grass was broken , not one leaf was broken . " The demonstrators began walking from the gates of the Sindh High Court , heading to a dozen buses that waited to ferry them to their next stop : the city of Hyderabad . "  The rule of baton and bullets can not last , " the protesters chanted . They want President Asif Ali Zardari to live up to a promise to reinstate judges sacked by then-President Pervez Musharraf . Among the dismissed judges was the chief justice of the Supreme Court , Iftikhar Muhammad Chaudhry . After sweeping into power in parliamentary elections last year , Zardari 's Pakistan Peoples Party promised to reinstate the judges within 30 days of taking office . The deadline came and went . The government responded to the recent intensification of protests by banning political demonstrations in two of the country 's biggest provinces -- Punjab and Sindh . It also detained several hundred activists Wednesday . But the protesters said they will not be deterred . Their movement now , they said , is n't so much about reinstating Chaudhry as it is about restoring the office of the chief justice . "  We will start the long march from the province as we have promised the nation , " Razvi said . The country 's largest opposition party , the Pakistan Muslim League-N  PML-N  , is backing the lawyers -- but for reasons of its own . Party head Nawaz Sharif accuses Zardari of being behind a February Supreme Court decision that bars Sharif from holding public office . The court also stripped Sharif 's brother , Shahbaz , of his post as chief minister of Punjab -- the Sharif party 's power center . Supporters of PML-N have responded by holding massive rallies , some of which have turned violent in recent days . CNN 's Thomas Evans and Zein Basravi contributed to this report	NEW : Lawyers arrested at start of ` Long March ' protest to the capital , Islamabad Protesters heading to Islamabad to take their case to parliament They want judges removed by previous president be restored to office President Zardari 's party had vowed to reinstate judges after winning election
Just days after dismissing two top advisers for their roles in the George Washington Bridge scandal , New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie faced questions over the use of Superstorm Sandy relief funds . CNN has learned that federal officials are investigating whether Christie improperly used some of that money to produce tourism ads that starred him and his family . The news could n't come at a worse time for the embattled Republican , who is facing two probes in New Jersey of whether his staff orchestrated traffic gridlock near the country 's busiest bridge to punish a Democratic mayor who refused to endorse his re-election . N.J. Democratic legislator : ' I do believe laws have been broken ' If the Sandy inquiry by a watchdog finds any wrongdoing , it could prove even more damaging to Christie 's national ambitions . He 's considered a possible presidential candidate in 2016 . His performance during and after the October 2012 storm just before the presidential election has been widely praised and is a fundamental illustration of his straight-shooting political brand . In the new investigation , federal auditors will examine New Jersey 's use of $ 25 million in Sandy relief funds for a marketing campaign to promote tourism at the Jersey Shore , New Jersey Democratic Rep. Frank Pallone told CNN In an August letter , Pallone asked the Department of Housing and Urban Development inspector general to look into how Christie chose to spend the marketing money approved by the department . The inspector general 's office confirmed the investigation . Documents : Christie aides stonewalled queries into lane closings Pallone wrote that he was concerned about the bidding process for the firm awarded the marketing plan ; the winning firm is charging the state about $ 2 million more than the next lowest bidder . The winning bid of $ 4.7 million featured Christie and his family in the advertisements while the losing $ 2.5 million proposal did not feature the Christies , Pallone said . On Sunday , Pallone told CNN that the inspector general conducted a preliminary review and concluded there was enough evidence to launch a full-scale investigation into the state 's use of federal funds . The audit will take several months and the findings will be issued in an official report , he said . Pallone , a 27-year veteran of the House and vocal Christie critic , said this is not about politics . "  This was money that could have directly been used for Sandy recovery . And , as you know , many of my constituents still have n't gotten the money that is owed them to rebuild their homes or raise their homes or to help , " he said . Legal woes lurk for Christie over bridge traffic jam Democrats slammed Christie over the summer for starring in taxpayer-funded ads as he was running for re-election in November , arguing it gave him an unfair advantage . Christie aides said at the time that the winning bid provided more value . In a statement on Monday , Christie 's office said the "  Stronger than the Storm " campaign was part of an "  action plan " approved by the Obama administration and developed with the goal of showing that the New Jersey shore was open for business just several months after the storm . "  Federal agency reviews are routine and standard operating procedure with all federally allocated resources to ensure that funds are distributed fairly . We 're confident that any review will show that the ads were a key part in helping New Jersey get back on its feet after being struck by the worst storm in state history , " according to the statement issued in response to questions from CNN . Last week , Christie dismissed two top aides for their apparent involvement in the closure of access lanes to the George Washington Bridge , which caused traffic nightmares for days in and around Fort Lee . New Jersey legislators are investigating whether the aides -- a senior Christie staffer and a high-level appointee at the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey -- ordered the lane closures as political retribution . The U.S. Attorney in New Jersey also is looking into the matter . Christie has said he did n't know about the alleged scheme and was "  embarrassed and humiliated " by it . Democrats in New Jersey and nationally have jumped on the scandal , saying it gives the nation a chance to see what they 've said for years -- that Christie is a bully who governs by fear . His supporters say his swagger and frank nature convey confidence and have helped make him a successful governor . But as bad as the bridge scandal is for Christie , any finding that he improperly spent Sandy aid would tarnish the signature achievement that has helped elevate his legacy and made him a serious potential challenger for the White House . Sandy , a historic storm , pummeled coastal areas along the mid-Atlantic , knocking out power to millions , causing massive flooding and killing more than 100 people in the United States . Parts of the New Jersey shore were devastated , but the state and local communities in many hard-hit areas rebounded surprisingly quickly and reopened their beaches last summer . Christie and President Barack Obama toured one community in May to demonstrate the effectiveness of recovery efforts helped by billions in federal money that went to New Jersey and other states affected by the storm .	Christie and his family starred in ads for New Jersey tourism after Sandy New Jersey Democratic Rep. Pallone said he was concerned about bidding process Christie fired two aides last week over the George Washington Bridge scandal Christie 's office says it worked with the Obama administration on marketing plan
Iranian sailors helped scare off armed pirates who attacked an American cargo ship in the Gulf of Oman , Iranian state media reported Thursday . Iran detains 13 alleged pirates after clash It 's the latest example of U.S.-Iranian cooperation on pirate-infested high seas despite a wave of tensions between Washington and Tehran over the decades . EU forces attack pirate targets on Somali shore The incident occurred northeast of Fujairah , a port for refueling oil tankers , the Fars News Agency said . The port , in the United Arab Emirates , is close to the Strait of Hormuz , an important oil shipping lane . Iranian navy vessels received a distress signal from the U.S. cargo ship Maersk Texas during patrols . The forces announced their willingness to help . As they closed in on the American cargo ship , the pirates scattered . The U.S. ship crew thanked the Iranian naval force and continued on its way , state media reported . "  We were aware of the incident yesterday , " a State Department official said . "  The situation was successfully deescalated by the ship 's crew and the Iranian crew . " The United States , Iran and other nations have been intent on repelling pirates operating in the Gulf of Aden and other bodies of water . Pirate attacks down off Somalia , up off Nigeria American forces assisted or rescued Iranians at sea several times in January . U.S. sailors aboard a guided-missile destroyer aided the crew of a sinking Iranian fishing vessel in the Arabian Sea . The U.S. Coast Guard rescued six Iranian mariners at the northern end of the Persian Gulf , the Pentagon said . And the destroyer USS Kidd rescued 13 Iranian sailors from a hijacked fishing boat near the Strait of Hormuz . Tehran has threatened to close the the strait if sanctions are imposed on its exports of crude oil . The West has been using sanctions and diplomacy to try to stop Iran from producing nuclear weapons .	U.S. State Department says both crews successfully handled the situation American sailors have helped Iranians at sea in the past The incident occurred close to the Strait of Hormuz Piracy is a major problem for international shippers
Authorities are investigating an anonymous threat against the University of Mississippi 's signature greenery ahead of the school 's big football game Saturday against bitter rival Mississippi State . A note received Tuesday on the Oxford , Mississippi , campus of Ole Miss said , "  What 's going to happen to ya 'll on the field Saturday Aint nothing compared to what 's going to happen on your beautiful campus . You wo n't be one of the most pretty campus 's Next year . A lot of shrubs and trees are going to die ; especially in the grove . Ca n't stop us . " The handwritten note was signed , "  Hail State Go to Hell TSUN . " TSUN , a reference to Ole Miss , stands for "  The School Up North " -- both a geographical and snarky term for Oxford 's location 100 miles northeast of the town of Starkville and Mississippi State and widely used when discussing the schools ' matchup . It was not clear how the note came to the attention of authorities , but university police said it was sent to the FBI 's office in Jackson this week . The warning against The Grove , the University of Mississippi 's storied tailgating area , also prompted campus police to add additional law enforcement resources to address fan safety around the stadium ahead of the matchup , known to fans as the Egg Bowl . "  Fans are being encouraged to report any suspicious behavior , " said Danny Blanton , director of public relations at the University of Mississippi . "  We are looking forward to having another hospitable , enjoyable experience to celebrate the final home game of the season . " The threat recalls another Southeastern Conference rivalry that prompted one fan to the poison Auburn University 's trees at the school 's Toomer 's Corner . Alabama fan Harvey Updyke Jr. targeted the famed oaks after Auburn won a contentious November 2010 football game against the University of Alabama . Updyke served 76 days in prison for the crime . "  This longtime football rivalry has separated families and friends for generations , but while it 's spirited , our attention has been focused mostly on the football field , " Ole Miss police Chief Calvin Sellers said in a statement . "  We encourage everyone to remember that this is a game , after all , not a time for hate . We are hopeful that passions have not escalated to the point that someone is prepared to do damage to a landmark for which all Mississippians take great pride . "	FBI looks into handwritten note threatening trees and shrubs in Ole Miss ' Grove "  Fans are being encouraged to report any suspicious behavior , " official says Extra law enforcement resources added around stadium ahead of the "  Egg Bowl " University of Mississippi faces off against rival Mississippi State
CNN  -- There 's a man defecating on my desk . He 's Spanish . But , sadly , it 's not Rafa Nadal . For surely that might count , then , as an oddly spectacular life moment worth Instagramming . Thanks , Rafa ! #Deuce No , the squatting Spanish defecator I speak of is actually a three-inch-tall plastic figurine known as a Caganer . I bought it a while back in Barcelona , and , believe it or not , he 's a traditional fixture in Catalan nativity scenes , which , apparently , are inspired by parking lots at Philadelphia Eagles games . So , I keep my little Caganer near my computer because it makes me smile . But I also just like having interesting desk toys , even though it seems I 've clearly been missing out on the single greatest one of all . You see , this week the interwebs suddenly started buzzing about a very specific desk toy called Buckyballs . I had never actually heard of these things , but online chatter went a little crazy right after the company announced they were discontinuing production of their hugely popular and addictive shape-changing magnetic beads . If you 're not quite sure what I 'm talking about , just think stress ball meets marbles meets Silly Putty ... ... meets possible agonizing pain . Magnetic Buckyballs toys discontinued Amazingly , while everyone from WIRED to MAXIM to The New York Times has boasted about these tiny little magnetic balls of joy , the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission has basically deemed them to be just slightly less dangerous than trying to administer a hernia test to an unwilling gorilla . In fact , this past July , in their official lawsuit against the makers of Buckyballs , the commission noted that the magnets "  contain a defect in the design , packaging , warnings and instructions which pose a substantial risk of injury to the public . " It turns out kids like shiny things . And sometimes they swallow shiny things . But when those shiny things happen to be superpowerful magnets , it 's actually a fairly serious health concern . Many retailers voluntarily stopped selling Buckyballs at the safety commission 's request , but the distributor , Maxfield & Oberton Holdings , continued to manufacture and sell the product . Until Wednesday . That 's when Buckyballs put out this statement : "  Due to baseless and relentless legal badgering by a certain four letter government agency , it 's time to bid a fond farewell to the world 's most popular adult desk toys , Buckyballs and Buckycubes . That 's right : We 're sad to say that Balls & Cubes have a one-way ticket to the Land-of-Awesome-Stuff-You-Should-Have-Bought-When-You-Had-the-Chance . " Buckyball supporters were furious . Now I feel their pain . Because these things are amazing ! While writing this , I decided to step away from my work and scour the newsroom to see if anyone actually had Buckyballs . I wanted to test them out , but -- truth be told -- I also ca n't concentrate for more than 30 seconds at a time . So , I figured I might as well walk around and distract my co-workers . The logical first stop was Topher 's desk , because his cubicle always seems to have a certain level of "  flair . " Unfortunately , since Buckyballs have nothing to do with "  Star Wars " he did n't have any -- lest they disrupt the delicate feng shui of his Darth Vader shrine . "  You have failed me for the last time , Topher . " Fortunately , his desk neighbor , Michelle , DID have Buckyballs ! However , she was n't in the office yet , so I could n't just politely borrow them for an hour . Thus , I politely stole them . Walking around the newsroom with this small mass of tiny round magnets was like coming to work with a puppy . Everyone wanted to hold it , and I watched seemingly mature adults delightfully morph into whimsical children , completely in awe of this strange , invisible force . For as the great American poets , Insane Clown Posse , once asked , "  Expletive  magnets -- how do they work ? " Cute as it may have been to watch my colleagues smiling like little kids , the irony is that it 's real children who have brought Buckyballs to their end . Despite the fact that , since 2010 , there have been warning labels in five places on each box , and additional inserts specifically instructing adults to keep these far , far away from kids  you know , like poison or guns or that one creepy neighbor who always brags about once being on "  Dateline "  , Buckyballs are still being swallowed . So , the debate rages online : Was it right for the government to go after Buckyballs , or has the company properly done its due diligence to warn and protect consumers ? It 's sort of a moot point since , at least for now , what they have in stock is all that 's left . Though , I suppose you could always just politely steal them from Michelle 's desk .	The makers of Buckyballs are discontinuing them because of safety concerns Buckyballs are hugely popular and superaddictive shape-changing magnetic beads Buckyball supporters are furious . I feel their pain . Because these things are amazing !
CNN  -- Pope Francis has appointed Archbishop Pietro Parolin to succeed Cardinal Tarcisio Bertone as the Holy See 's secretary of state , the Vatican said Saturday . Until now , Parolin , a 58-year-old Italian , was the diplomatic representative of the Holy See in Venezuela . He has also worked in Nigeria and Mexico , as well as within the Vatican . The secretary of state assumes the role of the Vatican 's head of government and is considered the most important figure in the Vatican after the pope . "  I feel very strongly the grace of this call , which is yet another and the latest of God 's surprises in my life , " Parolin said in a statement quoted by Vatican Radio . "  Above all , I feel the full weight of the responsibility placed upon me : this call entrusts to me a difficult and challenging mission , before which my powers are weak and my abilities poor . " CNN 's Vatican correspondent John Allen , writing in the National Catholic Reporter , described Parolin as a "  veteran Vatican diplomat , " who "  has been on the front lines of shaping the Vatican 's response to virtually every geopolitical challenge of the past two decades . " Parolin has been on many people 's shortlists for the job since Francis became pope in March and signaled that he would shake things up , said Allen . The cleric has more than a quarter-century 's experience in the Vatican 's diplomatic service and is seen as one of the brightest of his generation . "  By naming a consummate insider , Francis appears to want to ` reboot ' the Vatican 's operating system back to a point when it was perceived to operate efficiently , rather than scrapping it entirely , " said Allen . "  The pick has been keenly anticipated , given that frustration with perceived breakdowns in governance under Bertone was part of what led the cardinals in March to elect a Latin American outsider to the papacy , handing him a clear reform mandate . Parolin now profiles as a key figure in that effort . " Francis has already taken a number of steps to try to reform the Curia , the Vatican administration , since his election . In July , he set up an expert committee to recommend reforms to the economic and administrative structures of the Holy See . He 's also ordered more scrutiny of the Vatican bank , which has been plagued by financial scandals for years . CNN 's Bharati Naik and Richard Allen Greene contributed to this report .	NEW : Parolin is a veteran Vatican diplomat seen as key to pope 's reform efforts , analyst says Archbishop Pietro Parolin is appointed secretary of state for the Holy See The secretary of state assumes the role of the Vatican 's head of government Pope Francis has taken a number of steps to reform the Vatican administration
Mount Everest , Nepal  CNN  -- Even from more than 21,000 feet up the world 's tallest mountain , 13-year-old Jordan Romero could n't resist the opportunity to greet his mother in a live television broadcast Monday . "  Hi , Mom , " Romero said with a wave of his hand during the interview broadcast on CNN from the advance base camp on Mount Everest in Nepal . The interview followed the first day of real climbing in Romero 's attempt to become the youngest person ever to reach the summit of Everest , 29,028 feet  8,847 meters  above sea level . Accompanied by his father and his father 's girlfriend , and backed by a team of sherpas and yaks that helped transport their 2,000 kilograms  4,400 pounds  of gear , Romero needed 13 days just to reach the point where real climbing began . Paul Romero , Jordan 's father , said the first day of the actual ascent Monday required technical climbing in tough weather conditions , including ice and snow . For Jordan , it 's all part of the journey . "  It could take ... a couple of weeks or a couple of years , " he said , sitting in a tent wearing a parka and fluorescent yellow cap , and with a blue sleeping bag over his legs . "  This is the first of many attempts . " His initial impressions ? The trip is both hard and great . "  It 's Mount Everest . It 's a tough mountain . The altitude is tough , " Romero said . "  It 's both physically and technically hard . There 's a lot of new things . " At the same time , "  I 've been able to see Mount Everest from wherever I go . I 'm already happy with that . " In addition , Romero said , he was learning "  a lot about culture , politics , religion , people , everything about Nepal and China . " "  So it 's been such a great trip , and I 've learned so much from it , " he said . Paul Romero praised his son 's climbing Monday , noting that they spent 10 hours on ice and snow . "  Knock on wood , everybody 's healthy , " the elder Romero said , adding : "  Jordan today had a stellar day . " Before they started , Jordan said he wanted to climb Everest for himself and to inspire more young people to get outdoors . "  Obese children are the future of America , the way things are going , " he said on April 9 in Kathmandu . "  I am hoping to change that by doing what I do : climbing and motivational speaking . I want to motivate children and inspire them to get outdoors . " With a smile , he added : "  I am doing this a little for myself , too , to do something big . " Romero has climbed five of the seven highest peaks on seven continents , known as the Seven Summits . Having a very encouraging father and his girlfriend , who have gone around the world participating in climbing expeditions and competing in endurance racing competitions , certainly helps . "  This is not an isolated vacation , " Paul Romero said before the climbing began . "  This is a lifestyle . We travel everywhere and climb together . " The family started tackling the Seven Summits in summer 2005 . Jordan was just 9 when they climbed the 19,341 feet to the peak of Mount Kilimanjaro in Tanzania . Since there is a debate about whether the tallest mountain in Oceania is Kosciuszko in mainland Australia or Carstensz Pyramid in Indonesia , Jordan and his family climbed both . The only peak left for the adventurers to climb after Everest is the Vinson Massif in Antarctica ; a trip is planned for December . The idea to climb the Seven Summits came to Jordan when he saw a mural of the mountains in the hallway of his school when he was 9 . Before sharing his dream with his father , he did all the necessary research and only two weeks later told him of his ambition . "  I was very shocked he even knew what the Seven Summits were , " Paul Romero recalled . "  But then , he is a complete nature fanatic . " Jordan 's father and his girlfriend , Karen Lundgren , went to Kathmandu for the first time last year to see whether Jordan could make the Everest summit from the south face in Nepal . They decided instead to start their climb in the north , in China . "  The mountaineering world and Jordan may have their concerns about Jordan 's age , but the boy is as strong and skilled a mountaineer as many of the people climbing , " Paul Romero said . "  There is a proficient support and safety system about him . " The highest peak Jordan has climbed is Aconcagua in Argentina , which stands at 22,841 feet . He spent weeks preparing for the ascent of Everest . "  I have been exercising hard , concentrating on cardio training and endurance training , " Jordan said before the trip . "  I have been sleeping in an altitude simulator tent for the past month to get my lungs ready . " Jordan has been an outdoor person all his life and takes kids to climb mountains in the Big Bear region of California , where he lives . Despite his achievements , Jordan wants to be seen as a regular kid . "  I try to seem like an average kid who happens to be climbing , " he said this month . "  But I 'm not really fitting in . "	13-year-old Californian aims to become youngest to climb world 's highest mountain "  It 's both physically and technically hard , " he says But he is learning a lot about culture and people of China , Nepal
Attorney General Eric Holder led federal and local officials Tuesday in announcing a massive overhaul of the New Orleans Police Department , which has been plagued for years by corruption , excessive use of force , illegal searches and widespread racial discrimination . In what Holder called the most wide-ranging such agreement in the nation 's history , the Justice Department and NOPD reached a deal on a consent decree that was filed in federal court in New Orleans . The deal includes more than 100 recommendations dealing with virtually every aspect of the department . "  The consent decree requires the Police Department to make broad changes in policies and practices relating to use of force , stops , searches , arrests , and interrogations , " Holder said . Assistant Attorney General Tom Perez , who heads the Justice Civil Rights Division and played a key role in the agreement , joined Holder and top city officials at a New Orleans news conference . "  This landmark consent decree is the most comprehensive agreement the Civil Rights Division has ever entered into with a police department , " Perez said , "  and it will serve as a blueprint for reform for departments across the country . " New Orleans cops convicted in post-Katrina shootings case If , as expected , a federal judge approves the agreement , it will mark a dramatic day in the police department 's history . A DoJ investigation in the 1990s resulted in a temporary improvement in police conduct , but officials say there was no court-backed consent decree with tough requirements , and the NOPD slipped back into its old ways of doing things . Officials said they expect the agreement will stick because of the wide-ranging , detailed requirements including a minimum of four years of federal and court monitoring . The sweeping agreement requires detailed documentation of cases in which police use force , and a review of each case by officials in the police department 's Public Integrity Bureau . Even traffic stops are dealt with in the agreement because of complaints of inappropriate police conduct , and racial profiling . Officials also said the agreement makes an important change by requiring the videotaping of suspect interviews to ensure there are no longer threats to harm the suspect or his family . Payment for off-duty security work , which had been a source of department corruption , will be limited and carefully scrutinized . One of the most egregious examples of police misconduct stemmed from a fatal shooting at the city 's Danziger Bridge in the immediate aftermath of Hurricane Katrina in 2005 . Four police officers shot and killed two people and wounded four others in the incident , but only in the past year did a federal court exact punishment on the officers . Other police departments , including those in Los Angeles , Pittsburgh and Cincinnati , also have agreed to consent decrees with the DoJ for controversial policies and patterns of alleged misconduct . But officials familiar with the cases say they do not compare with the heavy requirements being placed on the NOPD . Mayor Mitch Landrieu has been fully supportive of federal efforts to clean up the department . The federal investigation was launched shortly after Landrieu took office in 2010 . The probe led to findings in March 2011 that the department was riddled with corruption and suffered from management dysfunction . Details on how to address the many problems have been hammered out behind closed doors the past several months . Federal investigation claims abuses among New Orleans police	Justice Department , NOPD reach consent decree to be filed in federal court Officials say it includes 100 far-ranging recommendations Officials say deal includes a minimum four years of federal and court monitoring The NOPD has been plagued for years by corruption and abuses
CNN  -- "  Who are we ? " It 's a question Northern Sudanese have been asking themselves for some time . Tucked away at the meeting point of Arab North Africa and the Horn , the people here have identified with both East and West . It 's a question Sudan 's President Omar al Bashir believes he 's given the definitive answer to . At one of his many public rallies he told supporters : "  We are an Arab , Muslim nation . Anyone who does n't like it can go . " This was after those who did n't like it did exactly that : In 2011 , after a peace agreement brought to an end more than 21 years of civil war , the majority of Christians chose to secede and create their own country , aptly named South Sudan . But it has n't brought the two countries any closer to a lasting peace : Border squabbles and skirmishes over the division of oil wealth are still the norm . It did , though , give Islamists in northern Sudan a clearer goal for the "  cultural project " launched in 1989 when they took power in a military coup that instated Islamic law and did away with any semblance of political plurality . Islamist theocracy The project denounced the multi-ethnic , culturally-rich Sudan -- with its Sufi chants and Orthodox Easter festivals -- and reinforced -- as an Islamist theocracy with headscarves and "  public order " courts . Effectively it created morality police . In the early years of Islamist rule , the public order courts were our bogeymen . Girls who were deemed inappropriately dressed -- by the arbitrary metric of whichever officer happened to be on duty at the time -- were carted off in the back of police pick-up trucks in their hundreds , taken to be at best humiliated , and at worst flogged . Even today , although the "  diktats " , or rules on Islamic dress have loosened , the occasional street sweep serves as a reminder of what still lies in wait should your behavior be ruled "  un-Islamic . " It was a public order court that sentenced Meriam Yahya Ibrahim to death for apostasy , for her refusal to renounce Christianity , a move that has left many of my Sudanese friends and family shocked . This comes as licenses to build new churches are routinely denied , permission for Christmas festivities routinely blocked and rights activists tell us an estimated 200 foreign nationals were thrown out of Sudan for "  Christian evangelizing . " Ibrahim 's husband told me she was Christian when he met her and that he 's never met the men alleging she is their missing -- Muslim -- sister called Abrar . Her father , who Ibrahim claims was n't involved in her upbringing , has yet to speak , either in court or publicly . International outrage And it 's these missing pieces of the puzzle that the government has clung to , trying to distract the growing domestic and international outrage . But it has n't escaped people 's notice that the press conference Ibrahim 's alleged brothers held was in a government hall , and that in a country where journalists are told not to broach certain topics , the statement by the man claiming to be her older brother was allowed to be freely published ; a statement announcing that the woman he claims as a sister must return to Islam or be killed "  as a glory to the faith . " Perhaps it 's because the "  Ijma " or consensus of the Islamic community , which is taken as a guide in Islamic jurisprudence , is not unified in the meting out of a death sentence for apostasy , although countries like Saudi Arabia and Pakistan do have the law on their books . Or maybe it 's because , even in a country that has found a way to live with the gunning down of protesters , the shrinking of freedom and allegations of government corruption and financial mismanagement , that seem to come almost daily , the death sentence of a mother-of-two for a crime that many here do n't think really counts , has allowed many to realize , at the very least , who we are not . READ MORE : Only court can release death row Christian READ MORE : Sudanese woman gives birth on death row	After years of civil war , the majority Christian South of Sudan chose to secede Border squabbles and skirmishes over the division of oil wealth are still the norm Diktats on Islamic dress have loosened -- but there is the occasional street sweep The death sentence for apostasy has left many Sudanese shocked
CNN  -- Real Madrid coach Jose Mourinho has continued reshaping his squad ahead of the new season by allowing midfielder Guti to leave the Spanish giants , while legendary forward Raul is also set to go . Guti , who did not feature in Spain 's 2010 World Cup squad , will depart the Bernabeu 15 years after making his first-team debut . The 33-year-old , who joined the club at the age of nine and has won 14 international caps , has been linked with a move to Turkish side Besiktas . "  I always wished to play for Real Madrid and I did my best to stay , refusing very tempting offers to play elsewhere , " he told the club 's official website on Sunday . "  I am about to begin a new and exciting stage in my career and I wish to enjoy being in a new country to the fullest . "  This has been a beautiful and glorious experience , but these things happen in football all the time . Younger players need to be given way and I feel proud and happy for having played here . " Former Real coach Berndt Schuster is now in charge of Besiktas , and Guti confirmed that he may be reunited with the German . "  I have an offer from Besiktas , but I have n't decided yet , " he said . "  What is for sure is that wherever I go , I will give everything . " Guti won three Champions League titles and five Spanish La Liga crowns with Real , playing 542 matches in the white shirt of "  Los Merengues . " "  I leave knowing Real Madrid will always be my home . Part of my heart stays here today . I would like to return after retiring as a player , " he said . Guti 's departure will be followed by that of the club 's all-time leading scorer Raul , who is expected to join Schalke according to recent quotes from the German side 's manager Felix Magath . The UK Press Association reported that the 33-year-old will hold a farewell press conference on Monday . British media claimed on Sunday that Mourinho is still trying to sign Liverpool midfielder Steven Gerrard and his England teammate , Chelsea defender Ashley Cole . Portugal defender Ricardo Carvalho has also expressed his interest in rejoining his former Chelsea and Porto boss in Madrid . "  I would go there right now , swimming or running , " he told Spanish newspaper AS . Mourinho has already brought in Argentina winger Angel Di Maria from Benfica and young midfielder Sergio Canales from Racing Santander .	Midfielder Guti to leave Real Madrid after 24 years at the Spanish club The 33-year-old made his first-team debut in 1995 after joining at the age of nine He is wanted by Turkish club Besiktas , coached by former Real boss Berndt Schuster New coach Jose Mourinho will also let Real 's all-time top scorer Raul depart
Santa Maria , Brazil  CNN  -- Pamella Vedovotto flips through a newspaper looking for the name of a man she calls her guardian angel . Rafael De Oliveira carried her to safety when a fire ripped through a nightclub in this southern Brazilian city early Sunday morning . "  I do n't have words to thank him , " Vedovotto told CNN during an interview at her small home on the outskirts of town . "  If it were n't for him , I would be in with all of those people who died . He gave me a new life . " De Oliveira , a university student , is in the newspaper 's list of dead . Be ready for emergency at a crowded public gathering Early Sunday , the Kiss nightclub was packed with about 2,000 revelers , well above official capacity . Vedovotto , a 19-year-old high school student , was at the club for a friend 's birthday party . A fire broke out during a pyrotechnic display just after 2 a.m. Panicked clubgoers ran for the exit as the air filled with smoke . Harrowing stories emerge from nightclub 's ashes Vedovotto tried to run , but she was pushed against a metal barrier , unable to breathe . "  A girl fell under the barrier and everyone was pushing , " she said . "  Her neck was snapped backwards and she fell dead on the floor , " the student said , breaking into sobs . "  Everyone was shouting help , God get me out of here . It was hell , get me out of here . " A man , who she later would discover was De Oliveira , grabbed her and carried her toward the door . She says he pulled her yellow dress up over her face so she would n't breathe in the smoke . "  There were all these people on the floor , shouting for help , and we stepped on them , all these girls in high heels . " Vedovotto said things got worse when they got close to the exit . Security guards did n't realize there was a fire and closed the doors , probably thinking revelers were trying to get out without paying their bills , she said . "  Then they opened the doors again . But when they opened them there were already a bunch of people on the floor , screaming . " Brazil nightclub fire : ` Like a war zone ' with bodies piled More than 230 people were killed that night . Most died from smoke inhalation and many were trampled . Rescue workers had to tear down walls to reach survivors and get to the bodies . Police have since arrested two club owners and two members of the band whose pyrotechnic show , police believe , may have started the fire . Vedovotto said she has no sympathy for them . "  Everyone is dead ; everyone is dead because of them , " she said . "  They should rot in jail . They did n't lose anyone . " But it 's the thought of De Oliveira that troubles her the most . Monday , Vedovotto went to the makeshift morgue where bodies were laid . She found his coffin and met his parents . "  I asked for their forgiveness for not keeping him from going back in , " she said . "  I could have grabbed him . I could have stopped him . " Deadly blazes : Nightclub tragedies in recent history	Rafael De Oliveira carried Pamella Vedovotto to safety He was among the more 230 people killed at the Kiss nightclub Vedovotto calls De Oliveira her guardian angel "  I do n't have words to thank him , " she says
Jakarta , Indonesia  CNN  -- The trial of 12 men charged in a deadly attack against a minority Muslim sect began Tuesday under heavy security in West Java . "  We deployed about 1,095 personnel , " said Senior Commissioner Budiarto , the operations head of the police department in Banten province . Two water cannons and three armored vehicles were also on standby . Budiarto , like many in Indonesia , go by one name . Hundreds of people , mostly students from nearby Islamic boarding schools , prayed and chanted outside the courthouse in support of the defendants . The men are on trial for a February 6 incident in which a mob of about 1,000 people , wielding knives and stones , attacked about 25 members of the Muslim minority sect , Ahmadiyah , in Cikeusik village in the province . Three people were killed and six others injured . The crowd opposed the presence of the Ahmadiyah in the village and demanded the group stop its activities . Amateur video of the incident obtained by Human Rights Watch showed people pummeling what looked like lifeless bodies with sticks and rocks . The video has been posted on the Internet , fueling public outrage . In a televised statement , Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono condemned the violence against Ahmadiyah and ordered a thorough investigation . Human rights activists , however , have called on the government to revoke a ministerial decree issued in 2008 that bans the community 's religious activities . Many Muslims consider the Ahmadiyah a deviation from the orthodox Islamic faith . Followers of Ahmadiyah believe Mirza Ghulam Ahmad , the founder of the religious movement in India , was Islam 's last prophet . Orthodox Muslims say Mohammed was the last prophet . The Setara Institute for Peace and Democracy , a local think tank , noted in a recent report a marked increase in the number of attacks against Ahmadiyah and other minority religions in Indonesia in recent years . The most populous Muslim country in the world , Indonesia has previously been touted as an example of tolerance and democracy in the Islamic world . But a 2009 study from the Pew Forum on Religion & Public Life in Washington suggested it was actually among the most restrictive countries when it comes to religion . Last week , Human Rights Watch issued a statement , urging authorities to ensure proper security at the trial . "  For the Cikeusik trial to be a step toward ending religious violence in Indonesia , the police need to ensure the security of everyone in the courtroom , " said Elaine Pearson , deputy Asia director at Human Rights Watch . "  Witnesses brave enough to testify , as well as judges and prosecutors , should not have to face intimidation . "	Hundreds chant outside the courthouse in support of the defendants In February , a mob of about 1,000 attacked 25 members of the Ahmadiyah sect Video shows people with knives and stones taking part Rights groups want the government to revoke a decree banning Ahmadiyah
Peshawar , Pakistan  CNN  Ten people have been sentenced to life in prison for their roles in the 2012 attack on Nobel Peace Prize-winning activist Malala Yousafzai , a judge announced Thursday . The assailant 's conviction and sentences follow a trial that included testimony from both sides , according to Pakistani antiterrorism judge Mohammad Amin Kundi . The 10 were arrested in Swat , a district of Pakistan 's Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province , Pakistani army spokesman Maj. Gen. Asim Bajwa said last September . That was nearly two years after the then 15-year-old Yousafzai -- who was despised by Taliban militants for her outspoken support of girls ' right to an education -- was shot as she was traveling home on a school bus . She not only survived that attack , but went on to become an even more vocal international activist . In fact , her efforts helped earn her the Nobel Peace Prize -- which she shared with India 's Kailash Satyarthi -- last year . Malala at U.N. : The Taliban failed to silence us Journalist Zahir Shah reported from Peshawar , and CNN 's Greg Botelho wrote this story from Atlanta .	The sentences came after a trial in Pakistan , a judge says Malala Yousafzai is an outspoken advocate for the education of girls She was attacked in Pakistan in 2012
CNN  -- Acting on a conservative battle cry and potentially triggering a court battle with the Obama administration , the Republican-led House voted Wednesday to hold former IRS official Lois Lerner in contempt of Congress for refusing to answer questions about her agency 's targeting of conservative and other groups . The 231-187 vote fell almost entirely along party lines , a decision that cut across three sharp divides : balance of power issues between the branches of government , political questions over the IRS scandal , and a Constitutional debate over Lerner 's individual Fifth Amendment rights . Lerner is in the middle of that trio . Until she retired last year , she ran the IRS division in charge of tax exempt status . An inspector general 's report concluded her staff had inappropriately targeted Tea Party and other groups for extra scrutiny . The term "  progressive " was also flagged but the inspector general report indicated that conservative terms drew more attention from the IRS . The Fifth Amendment question For nearly a year , Lerner has refused House requests to testify on the matter , citing her Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination . Republicans insist that does n't apply here , that she waived the right by first asserting her innocence when she appeared before the House Oversight Committee last May . "  Mrs. Lerner made 17 separate factual assertions before invoking her right to remain silent , " proclaimed Rep. Richard Nugent , Republican of Florida , as he opened up Wednesday 's debate . "  You ca n't make selective assertions and still invoke your Fifth Amendment right . " Lerner 's attorney , William Taylor , has dismissed that argument repeatedly and sent a statement rejecting it again Wednesday . "  Today 's vote has nothing to do with the facts or the law , " Taylor wrote . "  Its only purpose is to keep the baseless IRS ` conspiracy ' alive through the midterm elections . Ms. Lerner has not committed contempt of Congress . She did not waive her Fifth Amendment rights by proclaiming her innocence . " The politics As they reject Lerner 's Constitutional argument , Republicans see an IRS scandal that remains highly flammable on the right . To conservatives , it is a frightening case of a government agency suppressing political thought from its opponents , mixed with question marks about whether anyone in the White House was involved . "  If we do n't hold Lois Lerner accountable for her actions , " said Rep. Lee Terry , Republican of Nebraska , "  then we 're sending a message to future administrations that this type of Nixonian behavior is acceptable . " The problem for Republicans has been that as their base clamors for action and high-ranking heads to roll on the scandal , neither Lerner nor anyone at the IRS has provided information linking the controversy to the White House . As determined as Republicans have been , Democrats have been equally strong in response . "  This is ` sooo ' blatantly political , " Rep. Jim McGovern , Democrat of Massachusetts , dragging out his comment for emphasis . "  House Republicans are again playing to the cheap seats with hyperpartisan witch hunts . " McGovern and other Democrats have raised the charge of McCarthyism in the case , arguing that little new information in the IRS scandal has come to light in recent months and accusing Republicans of using the case to distract from other issues . Next : Congress , White House in court ? As the politics vibrate , Wednesday 's contempt vote set off a specific process in the bureaucratic machine . Now the contempt charge moves to the Justice Department where the U.S. Attorney for Washington must decide whether to prosecute her . If charges are not pursued , House Republican leaders face another choice : Will they file a lawsuit to try and force the Justice Department to take action ? It is certainly possible . That is the precise course of events that followed when the House charged Attorney General Eric Holder with contempt in 2012 for refusing to turn over documents in the botched "  Fast and Furious " gun-running investigation . In that case , Holder and the White House asserted executive privilege . That has not happened yet in the Lerner case . But Republicans are clearly teeing up a battle with the attorney general and President Barack Obama . Immediately following the Lerner contempt vote , the House voted 250-168 to call on Holder to remove the IRS investigation from the Department of Justice and instead appoint a special counsel to look into the scandal . Opinion : One more reason some people hate the IRS Issa accuses Democratic counterpart of obstructing IRS investigation	Contempt vote fell almost entirely along party lines in Republican-controlled House Former IRS official Lois Lerner has exercised her Fifth Amendment rights in testimony The vote sets up a possible legal fight between Congress and the Obama administration The House has aggressively investigated IRS targeting of conservative groups
Paris  CNN  French police have arrested four people linked to Amedy Coulibaly , the gunman and hostage-taker at a Parisian kosher supermarket on January 9 , a Paris prosecutor 's spokesman said . A French policewoman is among the four taken into custody , French national police said . The policewoman worked at the Fort de Rosny-sous-Bois , northeast of Paris , the spokesman said . According to Le Figaro newspaper , the Fort de Rosny-sous-Bois is the location of an important intelligence center . Coulibaly killed four hostages in the grocery store before police shot and killed him . His attack followed one on the office of the French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo . France has been under a heightened state of alert since January 's terror attacks in Paris that killed 17 people . Brothers Cherif and Said Kouachi , authors of the deadly attack on the Charlie Hebdo offices , were killed days later after two violent standoffs . The brothers were accused of killing 12 people in a massacre at the magazine offices . Coulibaly , suspected in the slaying of a police officer , was killed by security forces after he shot and killed four hostages during the siege at the kosher market . Charlie Hebdo has a controversial history of depicting the Prophet Mohammed , often in an unfavorable light , which has angered many Muslims around the world . Earlier cartoons depicting Mohammed spurred protests and the burning of the magazine 's office three years ago . Since the attack , European nations have carried out raids on suspected terror cells with links to ISIS in Syria .	Four people connected to gunman Amedy Coulibaly have been arrested , official says A policewoman is among those in custody
Liz Cheney , whose upstart bid to unseat Wyoming Sen. Mike Enzi sparked warfare in the Republican Party and within her own family , is dropping out of the primary race , she said on Monday . "  Serious health issues have recently arisen in our family , and under the circumstances , I have decided to discontinue my campaign , " the eldest daughter of former Vice President Dick Cheney said in a written statement . Cheney , 47 , began telling associates of her decision over the weekend , CNN reported Sunday night . She was not specific about the health issues involved in her decision . But CNN has learned from multiple sources close to the family that they involve at least one of her children . "  Though this campaign stops today , my commitment to keep fighting with you and your families for the fundamental values that have made this nation and Wyoming great will never stop , " she added . Cheney called Enzi , 69 , about her decision to bow out . "  I talked to her first thing this morning . It was very nice that she called me , " he told CNN on Capitol Hill , adding that he respects Cheney 's decision and that "  she and her family are in our prayers . " Asked if he was relieved that she was no longer in the race , he said he has n't "  had a chance to reflect on that yet . " Cheney 's surprising decision to jump into the race , an announcement made in a YouTube video last summer , roiled Republican politics in Wyoming , a state that her father represented in Congress for five terms in the 1970s and 80s . Enzi is a low-key presence in Washington in the Senate . He was elected in 1996 and has amassed a conservative voting record with few blemishes . He expressed public annoyance at Cheney 's decision to mount a primary challenge . A number of his Senate colleagues quickly rallied to his side and pledged support for his re-election bid . There was little public polling of the race , but two partisan polls released last year showed Enzi with a wide lead , an assessment mostly shared by GOP insiders watching the race . In a statement after her announcement to drop out , the Wyoming Republican Party praised Liz Cheney for being a "  stalwart supporter " and fundraiser for Wyoming candidates and county parties in the past . "  Liz is a rising star in Wyoming and national politics and we look forward to her return when the time is right for her and her family , " the statement read . Cheney 's campaign got off to a rocky start . Her critics labeled her a carpetbagger , noting that she moved to Wyoming only in 2012 after relocating from Virginia . The issue flared in August after the Wyoming media reported that Cheney improperly received a fishing license despite not living in the state for at least a year , as the law requires . Grabbing even more attention was her very public dispute with her sister , Mary , over the issue of same-sex marriage . Mary Cheney , who is a lesbian , took to Facebook in November to object to Liz Cheney 's opposition to same-sex marriage , claiming that her sister has previously supported her relationship while saying something very different on the campaign trail . The dispute prompted their parents to weigh in , saying they were "  pained " to see the sisters battle over a private matter in full view of the news media . Beyond the campaign missteps , Cheney 's election effort , vigorously supported by her father and his allies , often felt out of tune with the small-government conservative sentiment that has fueled other Republican primary challengers . Cheney , like her father , is an unapologetic neoconservative who favors muscular use of American military power overseas , a policy that does not sit well with many grassroots conservatives , particularly in the libertarian-leaning West . Cheney ` surprised ' by public spat between daughters Five Senate races to watch in 2014 All in the  political  family	Cheney releases a statement citing "  serious health issues " in her family Wyoming Sen. Mike Enzi first won the Senate seat in 1996 The contest caused bitter feelings in the Republican Party and the Cheney family Enzi and Cheney speak by phone ; he says he respects her decision
Cairo  CNN  -- A group of American and British pro-democracy activists accused of fomenting unrest in Egypt have left the country on a U.S. military plane , U.S. and Egyptian officials said Thursday . The workers were among a group of international workers for pro-democracy groups that had been under a travel ban that Egypt 's government lifted Wednesday . One of the organizations involved praised the decision , but expressed concern for its Egyptian staffers who remained behind . Sixteen Americans were among the 43 workers for non-governmental organizations targeted in a December crackdown by Egypt 's military-led government . They faced fraud charges before an Egyptian court , straining ties between Egypt and the United States , its leading ally . An Egyptian appellate judge , Abdel Moez Ibrahim , said Wednesday that the charges are still pending . And a lawyer representing some of the defendants , Negad El Borei , said the defendants paid bail of 2 million Egyptian pounds  about $ 132,000  before being allowed to leave . An Egyptian court opened their trial on fraud charges Sunday , but adjourned until late April after the charges were formally read . The three judges handling the case stepped down Tuesday . The workers are charged with operating in Egypt without being officially registered and receiving foreign funding . Egyptian authorities called their work part of a pattern of international interference that was stoking continued protests against the current government . One of those charged is Sam LaHood , director of Egypt operations for the International Republican Institute and the son of U.S. Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood . The group said Thursday that it "  welcomes this decision and is hopeful that the charges against its expatriate and local Egyptian staff will be dismissed . " "  IRI views the decision as a positive development , but remains very concerned about the situation and our Egyptian employees along with the continuing investigations of Egyptian civil society groups and the impact it will have on Egypt 's ability to move forward with the democratic transition that so many Egyptians have sought , " it said in a written statement . Other groups targeted by the raids included the National Democratic Institute , Freedom House , the International Center for Journalists and the Konrad Adenauer Foundation . Only seven of the Americans were believed to have remained in Egypt , all of them at the U.S. Embassy . Their departure could ease a tense patch between Egypt and the United States , which provides more than $ 1 billion in annual aid to Egypt 's military .	The activists had faced charges in an Egyptian court Their organizations were targeted in a government crackdown in December One of the groups praised the decision , but expressed concern for its Egyptian staff
London  CNN  -- Britain 's Queen Elizabeth II can expect a sweet 5 % raise next year , thanks in large part to record profits from real estate . The Crown Estate , a public body that manages property for the monarch , posted a record profit of 252.6 million British pounds  $ 387.2 million  for the last financial year -- up by 5.2 % from last year . The good news for the nation is that all the profit from the estate is paid into the public coffers . The queen is then paid a grant each year by the Treasury equal to 15 % of the profit from two years before . That means the monarch , who celebrated 60 years on the throne last year , will receive income of nearly 38 million pounds next year , according to the estate 's annual report , released Thursday . The Crown Estate is owned by the queen as monarch but is not her private property , meaning she has no direct control over it . The total portfolio is now valued at 8.1 billion pounds  nearly $ 12.4 billion  . The estate 's revenue comes from everything from chic central London stores to offshore wind farms and rural housing developments . Even U.S. retailer J. Crew helped swell its profits in the last year -- it 's one of a number of international brands to open a new store on Regent Street , in the heart of London . Apple , Banana Republic and Anthropologie are three more of the big American firms to find a home on the Crown Estate-owned street . As for energy production , about 300 new offshore wind turbines came on line over the year . The estate manages almost all of Britain 's coastal waters and some of its finest parkland , including Windsor Great Park , by Windsor Castle . It is also one of the country 's largest rural landowners , holding about 356,000 acres of agricultural land and forests , together with mineral resources , homes and commercial property . In the past year , it put 250,000 pounds into creating new mountain bike trails at the Glenlivet estate in Scotland and invested 1 million pounds to support coastal communities and care of the marine environment . According to its website , the estate 's vision "  is to be the UK 's most respected property business because of the way in which we manage this portfolio of assets on behalf of the nation . " Overspending The queen 's grant for 2012-2013 totaled 31 million pounds , jumping to just over 36 million pounds for the current financial year . She spent 2.3 million pounds more than the allotted grant last year -- when she was "  exceptionally busy " with travel and events to mark the diamond jubilee -- the annual report said . The extra cost was met from a reserve fund . The queen had 288 public engagements in the year to March 31 , 2013 , and her husband , Prince Philip , had 275 , the report said . The queen did n't travel abroad in the last financial year , but other members of the royal family , including Princes William and Harry , undertook 30 foreign engagements on her behalf . Spending last year on royal properties included 700,000 pounds  just over $ 1 million  so far on the refurbishment of an apartment at Kensington Palace for William and his wife , Catherine , who are expecting their first child in July . Work on the apartment , which was built to the designs of Sir Christopher Wren , architect of London 's landmark St. Paul 's Cathedral , is due to be completed this fall . The "  Sovereign Grant " came into effect in April of last year , after the passage of new legislation that consolidated public funding for the monarch 's official duties and royal palaces in return for the profits from the Crown Estate . The queen has her own private estate , which includes Balmoral , in Scotland , and Sandringham , her country retreat in Norfolk . The Crown Estate 's record profits will be welcome news for the Treasury , as the government struggles to bring the nation 's debt and spending under control . Chancellor of the Exchequer George Osborne announced more cuts to public spending Wednesday in his 2013 Spending Review . CNN 's Susannah Palk and Max Foster contributed to this report .	NEW : Spending last year includes $ 1 million for work on apartment for William , Catherine The Crown Estate manages a huge property portfolio for Queen Elizabeth II Its profits for the past year are up by 5.2 % from the previous year The profits go into the public purse , and the queen gets a grant equal to 15 % of profits
CNN  -- Samsung 's Galaxy S5 , the next generation of its flagship smartphone , will be released by April and may include innovative eye-scanning technology . An executive for the Korean tech giant confirmed to Bloomberg that the phone will hit stores this year on roughly the same time table as previous iterations of the device , which has emerged as the chief rival to Apple 's iPhone . The Galaxy S4 was announced last March and released in April . Lee Young Hee , executive vice president for Samsung 's mobile business , also told the news service that a new version of the company 's Galaxy Gear smartwatch will be released at the same time as the new phone . "  We 've been announcing our first flagship model in the first half of each year , around March and April , and we are still targeting for release around that time , " Lee said . "  When we release our S5 device , you can also expect a Gear successor with more advanced functions , and the bulky design will also be improved . " Speaking at the International Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas , Lee would n't say whether the eye scanner -- presumably an effort to one-up Apple 's iPhone 5S with its fingerprint security feature -- is a sure thing . "  Many people are fanatical about iris recognition technology , " she said . "  We are studying the possibility but ca n't really say whether we will have it or not on the S5 . " She did say the S5 will look and feel significantly different than its predecessor , which some felt was n't different enough from the Galaxy S3 . "  When we moved to S4 from S3 , it 's partly true that consumers could n't really feel much difference between the two products from the physical perspective , so the market reaction was n't as big , " she said . "  For the S5 , we will go back to the basics . Mostly , it 's about the display and the feel of the cover . " In November , Samsung released the Galaxy Round , with a curved , 5.7-inch screen . That release was only in South Korea , and analysts have speculated the company is n't done with curved-screen technology on its phones . At CES this week , Samsung rolled out a massive , 105-inch television with a curved screen . Released in September , Galaxy Gear helped push the growing wearable tech trend forward but , like some other smartwatches , met with mixed reviews . Some felt the watch was too bulky and had limited functionality .	Samsung says its Galaxy S5 phone will be released by April Vice president says it may have eye-scanning tech New Galaxy Gear smartwatch will come at same time , Lee says The Galaxy S5 will have a different design
CNN  -- Hundreds of U.S. and Afghan soldiers have embarked on a major operation against militants in the eastern Afghan region of Tora Bora , near the border with Pakistan , officials have told CNN . File photo of the remote mountain Tora Bora region on the border of Afghanistan and Pakistan . Air and ground strikes under way in the remote mountain region are aimed at large numbers of militant fighters . The troops are targeting "  hundreds of hardened al Qaeda and Taliban in dug-in positions , " said officials familiar with the intelligence . The operation started two days ago in the region , where al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden was once thought to be hiding . The Bush administration has been criticized for not sending enough ground forces to Tora Bora in December 2001 to capture the militant after the invasion that toppled the Taliban . "  U.S. and Afghan forces engaged al Qaeda and other violent extremist fighters in eastern Afghanistan during a combined arms assault using precision munitions . There have been no substantiated reports of civilian casualties in this engagement , " said Capt. Vanessa R. Bowman , a U.S. Army spokeswoman . "  The targets were carefully chosen to pinpoint enemy positions and eliminate the likelihood of harming innocent civilians , " she said . "  This region has provided an ideal environment to conceal enemy support bases and training sites , as well as plan and launch attacks aimed at terrorizing innocent civilians , both inside and outside the region . " Also Wednesday , a manager at a private British security firm in Afghanistan was shot and killed in the capital Kabul , a spokesman for the company said . "  We did lose a manager today in Kabul to unknown assailants , " Christopher Beese , spokesman for ArmorGroup International , said Wednesday . He said next of kin have been notified and an inquiry into the incident has begun . The name of the man , a British national , was not released . "  It 's bad news . He was a very well-respected man , " Beese said , noting that the victim had experience in Afghanistan going back to the early 1980s . Beese -- who said the man 's role was to run the administration of the 1,200-person-strong security presence in the country -- described the man as a "  logistics manager " and "  all things to all people . " The firm , which has been operating in Afghanistan since 2002 , mostly provides diplomatic protection and has contracts with the British and American governments . The man recruited and trained Afghan guards and was the most senior administrator at the company 's Kabul base , Camp Anjuman , the company said . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	Hundreds of U.S. and Afghan soldiers embark on major operation in Tora Bora They are using air , ground strikes to target al Qaeda , Taliban Osama bin Laden was once thought to be hiding in remote mountain region U.S. Army : No substantiated reports of civilian casualties
CNN  -- David Goldman says he ca n't understand why he ca n't have custody of his son following his ex-wife 's death in Brazil . The U.S. government agrees . David Goldman is fighting for custody of his son after Bruna Bianchi Goldman died during another childbirth . Goldman told CNN 's Larry King he had no idea when he dropped off his wife and 4-year-old son at Newark International Airport in 2004 for a two-week vacation to Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , that he was about to become embroiled in an international custody battle . Shortly after Bruna Bianchi Goldman arrived in her homeland she called to say she wanted a divorce , which she obtained in Brazil , and would stay there with their son , Sean . The running custody battle has taken many twists and turns and has gained the attention of the Department of State and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . "  A child belongs with his family , and there is no reason why David Goldman should not get his child back , " Clinton said in a recent interview on NBC 's Today show . "  And we 're hoping that that will be resolved very soon . Obviously , if not , we will continue to raise it with the Brazilian government . " For nearly five years , Goldman has fought to regain custody of his son . It 's a case that has been complicated by Bianchi Goldman remarrying , getting pregnant and dying during childbirth last summer . Sean Goldman is said to be living with his stepfather , who has been granted provisional guardianship . "  I went down ... to bring my son home , " Goldman said on CNN 's Larry King Live Wednesday , figuring his ex-wife 's death had made the custody issue a moot point , and "  we find out that this man does n't file custody , but he files to remove my name from a Brazilian birth certificate that they had issued for my son , who was born in Red Bank , New Jersey . " Goldman continues to press his case through the U.S. government . "  The Department of State is working diligently to ensure that David and Sean Goldman are accorded their rights under the Hague Convention of 1980 on the civil right aspect of International Child Abduction , " the agency said in a statement . "  We 'll continue to insist that the Brazilian government fulfill its obligations under the treaty and international law . " The convention , to which Brazil is a signatory , "  is a multilateral treaty , which seeks to protect children from the harmful effects of abduction and retention across international boundaries by providing a procedure to bring about their prompt return , " according to the Hauge Convention Web site . Brazilian courts have refused to return Sean Goldman to the United States for any custody hearings that New Jersey courts have ordered and the Brazilian government has not intervened . As a result , the case remains a stalemate . "  I would tell him that he 's been very brave , as he has fought to have his son returned to him , " Clinton said in the NBC interview . "  His son is the most precious person in the world to him and he has gone not just the extra mile , but mile after mile , back and forth , trying to make it clear that his son Sean deserves to be returned to him . " But on Larry King Live , Helvecio Ribeiro , a Bianchi family spokesman , questioned Goldman 's fitness as a parent . "  I do n't question the biological right , " he said . "  The fact of the matter is that in order to be a parent , you have to be more than just a DNA donor , Mr. King . Fatherhood is not about making home movies and taking pictures , it 's about sacrifice . It 's about providing support to your child . It 's about being there even when you 're not there . "  And Mr. Goldman , while Bruna was still alive , failed to do so , " Ribeiro said . Goldman visited his son for the first time in more than four years last month -- a bittersweet experience that was heartbreaking when it was time to return to the United States . "  He asked me why I have n't come to see him in all this time , " Goldman told Larry King , "  and that was very , very painful -- and the anguish on his face when he asked me that question . I did n't want to tell him that ... they 're holding him . " International custody fights are common and were supposed to be simplified by the 1980 Hauge agreement , but conflicting court systems and conflicting accounts of relationships can trump international law . The next step in this case is uncertain .	David Goldman dropped off his wife and 4-year-old son at airport in 2004 for vacation Wife got a divorce in Brazil , later got remarried , got pregnant and died during birth Wife 's family lawyer questions Goldman 's fitness as a parent State Department , Hillary Clinton working to help get son returned to United States
CNN  -- A federal judge denied a request in an order issued on Friday to immediately appoint defense counsel to a Libyan man captured last week in connection with the 1998 bombings of the U.S. Embassy in Kenya . Anas al Libi was seized by American commandos in Tripoli , then transferred to a Navy vessel in the Mediterranean Sea . Along with other accused terrorists , he had been charged by the Justice Department with conspiracy to kill Americans and embassy personnel in Nairobi and Dar es Salaam , Tanzania . He is expected to be transferred from military to civilian custody in coming days or weeks to face prosecution in federal court . Separately on Friday , Libyan Prime Minister Ali Zeidan condemned al Libi 's capture , calling it a "  kidnapping . " He said Libyan officials are in touch with the U.S. government to try to ensure that al Libi 's rights are respected and that he "  be tried in a just way . " David Patton of the Federal Public Defenders Office in New York asked a judge on Thursday to allow his office to represent al Libi 's legal interests immediately even though he is not in the United States . The Justice Department opposed the motion , saying counsel can not be appointed until the defendant officially appears in federal court . The Obama administration activated the High-Value Detainee Interrogation Group , a team made up of FBI , CIA and other intelligence agencies , to interview al Libi for intelligence purposes while he remains in U.S. military custody , according to U.S. officials . He is not yet in federal or civilian custody where the rules for treating criminal suspects are different . U.S. District Judge Lewis Kaplan , who has been overseeing the broader judicial cases involving the bombing suspects , said counsel could not be appointed until al Libi actually is brought to the United States and is presented in court . Until then , the judge agreed with the government that al Libi is technically not under "  criminal arrest . " "  There is no proper basis on which the court could conclude that the obligation to produce the defendant before it in this criminal case has come into existence . The decision whether to proceed with a criminal prosecution of this indictment in the first instance , at least , is an Executive Branch function . It remains to be seen whether such prosecution will go forward . " The court order may be modified if and when al Libi is transferred to American soil . Federal public defenders are employed by the judiciary and provide legal representation to some indigent defendants . CNN 's Evan Perez and Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	Judge rejects request for defense counsel for Libyan accused in 1998 Nairobi bombings Anas al Libi was captured by U.S. commandos in Tripoli and was placed in military custody He is expected to be transferred in coming days for prosecution in federal court Libyan Prime Minister called al Libi 's capture "  kidnapping , " wants assurance he will be tried fairly
CNN  Tuesday is Equal Pay Day , the fictitious holiday marked by progressive women 's groups as the point in the year women would have to work to make up for "  lost " wages as a result of the so-called wage gap . In the wake of Hillary Clinton 's presidential announcement , the "  holiday " has special meaning . Clinton 's election will no doubt center on women voters , and the Democratic women 's agenda centers on pay equity and fairness in the workplace . Here 's the thing : That 77-cent wage gap statistic is grossly overstated . It 's a comparison of averages -- comparing full-time working women with full-time working men -- that does n't control for any of the important factors that go into determining one 's salary such as education , profession , title , time spent in the workforce and time spent in the office each day , to name a few . When we do control for these variables , a much smaller wage gap persists of about 4-6 cents , some of which may be the result of gender discrimination , but also is likely a function of women 's choices and different behavior , such as not negotiating as often as men do -- factors for which economists simply ca n't control . The new women warriors : Reviving the fight for equal rights I frequently reference my own experience as a working mom with young children as an example of someone who not only made the "  mistake " of majoring in history but then pursued a career in the nonprofit political world -- not exactly a winning combination if a high salary is the ultimate goal . Add to this the fact that I took time out of the workplace and worked part time to have a family , and my earning potential simply is n't as high as some of my male counterparts . Opinion : Why Hillary Clinton should take a pay cut Still , conservatives -- and by extension Republicans -- ought to be paying attention to Equal Pay Day . Because for many on the right the midterm election victories signaled that the "  war on women " narrative was over . That Democrats had overplayed their hand and that candidates such as Colorado 's Mark Udall simply could n't succeed . In some respects , Republicans are right . Voters did choose policy substance over gendered rhetoric , and in many ways they rejected the insidious "  war on women " narrative . The facts about the gender wage gap But women voters are valuable , and Equal Pay Day ought to be a reminder that Democrats are n't ready to surrender . Let 's remember a 5-point national gender gap still remains in the Democrats ' favor . Bottom line : The "  war on women " narrative has n't been turned off -- it 's simply shifted gears . And with the presidential election season just revving up , we can expect to see the "  war on women " focus turn to the workplace , where Democrats will claim women are paid unfairly , not given the paid leave benefits they deserve and not given the child care support they demand . Many on the right fear if they try to push back on the issue of pay equity they will be skewered in the polls . But nothing could be further from the truth . Map : Where the gender pay gap is the widest The Independent Women 's Forum conducted a randomized , controlled experiment on the issue of the wage gap , and we found that not surprisingly the progressive message in favor of the Paycheck Fairness Act -- a legislative "  solution " to close the pay gap -- increased support for the bill but surprisingly was not effective at increasing support for Democrats . In short , if the right is silent on the issue , the left has the potential to win the battle but not the war . It 's tempting on days such as Equal Pay Day for Republicans to want to lie low -- to ignore the rhetoric and hope it will all go away by Wednesday . But the reality is that 's the worst thing conservatives can do . The public is open to hearing the real story on pay equity , and conservatives need to be ready and willing to respond .	Sabrina Schaeffer : Tuesday is Equal Pay Day , a fictitious holiday marked by progressive women She says the wage gap between men and women is grossly overstated
CNN  -- Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer on Friday signed the state 's immigration bill into law . It is considered to be among the toughest legislation in the nation . What does the Arizona law do ? Arizona 's law orders immigrants to carry their alien registration documents at all times and requires police to question people if there 's reason to suspect they 're in the United States illegally . It also targets those who hire illegal immigrant laborers or knowingly transport them . Are other states considering similar legislation ? Michael Hethmon , general counsel for the Immigration Reform Law Institute , helped draft the language of the Arizona bill . Hethmon said lawmakers from four other states have approached him asking for advice on how they can do the same thing where they live . He declined to identify which states , citing attorney-client privilege . State laws relating to immigration have increased in recent years , according to the National Conference of State Legislatures . In 2005 , 300 bills were introduced . The next year , that number nearly doubled , and in 2007 , more than 1,500 bills were introduced . Another 1,305 were introduced in 2008 , and about 1,500 were considered in 2009 . About 15 percent of those were enacted , dealing with issues such as driver 's licenses , health and education . About 1,000 bills have been brought up so far this year . What do opponents say ? Critics , including immigrant advocates and the American Civil Liberties Union of Arizona , say they are concerned the law will foster racial profiling , arguing that most police officers do n't have enough training to look past race while investigating a person 's legal status . Read remarks made Friday by president , Arizona governor Is federal immigration legislation coming ? Democrats tell CNN that if they do n't get Republican commitments soon , they likely will push to move a bill without GOP support . Democratic sources said the chances of passing immigration reform in that scenario this year are slim , but they want to make clear to key constituencies they are at least trying . President Obama is still pushing for a bill , though . Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina is the only GOP senator on board , but he has told Democrats they will lose his support unless they find another Republican . Obama recently called Sen. Scott Brown , R-Massachusetts , to try to get him on board , a Brown spokeswoman said . On Thursday , Sen. Jeff Sessions , R-Alabama , said in a statement that during tough economic conditions , Americans are "  dubious " about immigration reform . He said the White House and Congress should not immediately take up the issue -- but instead "  take targeted steps to deal with the crisis at the border , increase the usage of the E-Verify program , and enhance prosecutions of employers who knowingly hire illegal workers . " The last immigration reform efforts in Congress were in 2005 when Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , and the late Sen. Ted Kennedy , Brown 's predecessor , introduced a bipartisan bill that aimed to implement guest-worker programs and ways for more illegal immigrants to become citizens . The McCain-Kennedy bill , however , never came up for a vote in the Senate . Other legislative efforts have failed to gain momentum . CNN 's Dana Bash , Ed Hornick and Kristi Keck contributed to this report .	NEW : Arizona 's governor signs controversial immigration bill into law Critics say they fear law would lead to racial profiling Lawmakers in other states reportedly are looking to introduce similar legislation
CNN  -- It 's time for some tiger cubs to approvingly roar for our strict parents , their domineering ways and their inflexibly high standards . The current depiction of tiger parenting is decidedly negative . Kim Wong Keltner 's book on "  Tiger Babies Strike Back " and Su Yeong Kim 's report "  Does Tiger Parenting Exist ? Parenting Profiles of Chinese Americans and Adolescent Developmental Outcomes " suggest that strict Asian-style parenting produces an army of disengaged or emotionally stunted robots . While I ca n't speak for everyone , my own experience suggests that such upbringing also gives us the smarts to recognize our emotional and social deficiencies and to address them . My parents are immigrants from Taiwan . I was an only child , and I was expected to excel academically and extracurricularly . So , I delivered . I got straight A 's . I played violin for hours . I did extra math , chemistry and physics problem sets under the eagle-eyed gaze of my mother . Through it all , I cried and screamed . A lot . My mom yelled back . A lot . I told her I hated my life , my teachers , my school and all my activities . She yelled that I just had to get through it . Quitting was not an option . And of course she was right . Opinion : Tiger moms , do n't turn your kids into robots I owe everything I am and have accomplished to my parents . My family expected a lot from me only because they believed in me and wanted the best for me . They pushed me to excel because they valued me as an individual . Tiger parents express their love through expectation of greatness , not in acceptance of mediocrity . Some people interpret such expectation as parental rejection of their worth as individuals . I always interpreted such crushing expectation as the ultimate belief in my self-worth . I knew that I was not being set up to fail . My mother did not push me to excel because she prized my accomplishments more than my feelings . She listened to my feelings , but she also knew that my teenage feelings were volatile and irrational . She knew better than to let my future be derailed by such feelings . My mother also knows that life has many obstacles , some external , many internal . She loved me too much to let me give up easily when confronted with those obstacles . For that I am eternally grateful . I gained confidence and resilience from tackling my endless workload and from fighting through sleep deprivation . I knew that I was capable of getting through seemingly impossible situations . I knew that if I failed , then I just had to try harder . Failure is not a permanent state , but merely a temporary challenge that had to be tackled creatively . The knock against tiger parenting style is that it does not foster emotional and social development . Well , it partly comes down to expressing love and affection differently . Tiger parents may not often say "  I love you , " but actions speak louder than words . My family never would have spent the time , money and effortâ $ " not to mention the emotional energyâ $ " on me if they did not love me . They never said this , of course . But I knew . Sure , my mother viewed socializing with others as a waste of time . She wanted me to be valedictorian , not homecoming queen . I did n't attend my homecoming . I was probably studying or working on my science project . Now , I readily acknowledge that there is great value in socializing with others , and that my current social skills probably would be better if I had more time to hang out at the mall or at Denny 's . But childhood hours are limited . Each child only has about 157,680 hours before he/she turns 18 . The opportunity cost of being an accomplished child is that it takes away time from making friends and nurturing relationships . For me , the tradeoff was worth it . There are skills that can only be learned in childhood . It is hard for a student to catch up academically if she is significantly behind in high school . But someone can become more self-aware , work on social skills and learn negotiating tactics later in life . Without the skills and expertise that is a result of excelling , I would never have the chance to sit at the important tables to participate in the discussions , no matter how great my social skills . I value my tiger cub upbringing mostly for the tools it gives me to make a difference in my community . I know plenty of grown up tiger cubs who tutor at-risk youth , advocate for the disadvantaged , and generally strive to improve the world . Our childhood accomplishments enable us to meaningfully contribute to our communities . And is n't that where self-awareness and proper socialization lead us all ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Grace Liu .	Grace Liu : Some suggest that tiger parenting style produces emotionally stunted kids Liu : It 's time for some tiger cubs to approvingly roar for our strict and demanding parents She says by working hard as a child , one can gain confidence , resilience and smarts Liu : With self awareness , one can learn social skills and negotiating tactics later in life
CNN  -- If they 're going to pull out a victory in the midterm elections , Republicans need to win over women . But they 're doing everything in their power to alienate them , from pushing extreme anti-abortion measures that even most Republican voters oppose to blocking equal-pay legislation to , well , just opening their mouths . A leading Republican congressional candidate in Georgia recently said , sure , a woman can run for office if she is "  within the authority of her husband . " A report actually commissioned by Republican groups and reported in Politico found that women view the party as "  intolerant " and "  stuck in the past . " The report found that women are "  barely receptive " to GOP policies . In other words , Republicans are losing female voters faster than their anti-contraception policies can produce them . What are Republicans to do ? The Republican Party seems reluctant to change its actual policies to support women 's economic and reproductive choices and , ya know , generally acknowledge the realities of modern liberated women . So instead , several Republican candidates are coming out against domestic violence in an attempt to seem sensitive to us girls and our issues . That should do the trick , right ? "  My ex-husband beat me with a baseball bat , threw me in a garbage can filled with snow and left me in a frozen storage locker to die , " a woman says , looking straight at the camera , in one such ad for Scott Walker , the Republican governor of Wisconsin . "  At that time , I was pregnant , and I lost the child I was carrying . But I fought to stay alive for my other two children , and today I am fighting for Scott Walker . " Similar ads have been run by Steve Daines , Republican Senate candidate in Montana , and Scott Brown , Republican Senate candidate in New Hampshire . There 's just one problem : All the rhetoric in the world does n't make up for Republicans opposing and obstructing pro-women policies . It 's not just the repeated attempts to crush reproductive freedom and block equal-pay legislation ; Republicans also opposed the reauthorization of the Violence Against Women Act . That 's the law that was actually supposed to do something about domestic violence , a law that Republicans blocked for over a year before finally caving and allowing it to pass . Republicans objected to provisions in the bill that would expand domestic violence protections for Native Americans and gay , lesbian , bisexual and transgender Americans ; they even tried to pass their own version of the bill with these protections stripped out . Ultimately , after a year of obstructionism , Republicans allowed the more expansive and bipartisan Senate version of the act to come up for a vote in the House -- and even then , a majority of Republicans voted against the measure . Fast-forward to election season . Florida Republican Steve Southerland has one of the toughest re-election fights in the country . In the House , Southerland voted against the expanded version of the Violence Against Women Act , the version that ultimately passed , but voted for the narrow Republican version that did n't pass . Now , Southerland is running an ad featuring a survivor of domestic violence who says , "  Our congressman , Steve , is advocating for things like  the  Violence Against Women Act . " Well , kinda sorta but not really , Steve . Southerland 's opponent , Gwen Graham , had her response ad up within 24 hours , accusing Southerland of "  saying one thing in TV ads , doing the opposite in Congress . " Which basically sums up all the attempts of Republicans to appeal to female voters on rhetoric but abandon them on policy . And to be clear , equal pay and reproductive freedom are also key to preventing domestic violence . As the National Network to End Domestic Violence writes , "  Like all women , survivors of domestic violence need equal pay initiatives like the Paycheck Fairness Act . As long as women are paid less than men , most survivors will have less ability to gain financial stability and independence . " Many of these women are low-wage workers , who would also be helped by raising the minimum wage . And a new study this week finds  PDF  that as many as one in four women who seek an abortion experience violence from an intimate partner . Women often say one primary reason for seeking an abortion is to avoid exposing their children to domestic violence . Another reason : They do n't want to remain tied to an abusive partner . According to this long-term study , when these women are able to access abortion services , their odds of being abused decrease by 7 % each month after -- while women who ca n't get an abortion see their rates of domestic violence remain the same or even increase . Reproductive choice , including abortion rights , and wage equity , including raising the minimum wage and passing gender-equity legislation , are key not only for all women and their families but for victims and survivors of domestic violence , for whom economic and reproductive freedom translates directly into freedom from abuse . The Republican Party has do more than just talk about domestic violence and women 's opportunity and actually support the real policies that support women 's freedom and choices -- or otherwise , women will keep choosing to vote for Democrats .	Sally Kohn : GOP needs to win female voters , but its policies are just alienating them Kohn : To look as if they care , GOP candidates are coming out against domestic violence GOP blocked Violence Against Women Act for year before allowing it to pass , she says She says GOP fights true women 's issues of reproductive choice , wage and gender equity
BERLIN , Germany  CNN  -- A German court Monday refused to intervene in the case of Bishop Richard Williamson , who is facing prosecution for denying the Holocaust -- a crime in Germany . Bishop Richard Williamson , shown in the recent Swedish TV interview , has been removed from his seminary post in Argentina . Williamson asked the court to order Swedish Public Television to restrict broadcast of an interview in which he doubts the existence of Nazi gas chambers and a systematic Nazi plan to annihilate European Jewry . Williamson sought the help of the court because Holocaust denial is punishable in Germany only if it is publicized there . The court refused the request , it announced Monday . His lawyers argued that giving an interview to a Swedish television station did not constitute denying the Holocaust in Germany -- although he was physically in the country when he made the remarks . Williamson hit the headlines last month when he and three other ultra-conservative bishops were welcomed back into the Roman Catholic Church , more than 20 years after Pope John Paul II excommunicated them on a theological question unrelated to the Holocaust . The state court of Nuremberg-Fuerth ruled that the bishop would have had to notify Swedish reporters of any restrictions before the interview . According to the court , Williamson also wanted the interview removed from the network 's Web site . The court said it is clear that the Swedish network is available on satellite in many countries and that he knew they had a Web site which can be seen around the world . A German district attorney announced February 4 that he had launched a criminal investigation against Williamson on January 23 . Regensburg District Attorney Guenther Ruckdaeschel said authorities are investigating whether his remarks can be considered "  inciting racial hatred . " Denying the Holocaust in Germany is punishable by up to five years in prison . "  I believe that the historical evidence is strongly against -- is hugely against -- six million Jews having been deliberately gassed in gas chambers as a deliberate policy of Adolf Hitler , " Williamson said in the interview , which also appeared on various Web sites after broadcast . "  I believe there were no gas chambers . " Williamson and three other bishops who belong to the Society of Saint Pius X were excommunicated in 1988 . The society was founded by Archbishop Marcel Lefebrve , who rebelled against the Vatican 's modernizing reforms in the 1960s , and who consecrated the men in unsanctioned ceremonies . The rehabilitation of Williamson sparked harsh condemnation from Israel , American Jewish leaders and German Chancellor Angela Merkel , among others . The Vatican has pointed to several statements by Pope Benedict XVI in the past few years condemning the destruction of European Jewry , including his visits to concentration camps . He has also said he did not know of Williamson 's views on the Holocaust when he lifted the excommunication . The Vatican has said Williamson will not be allowed to perform priestly functions until he recants his Holocaust denial . He has apologized for "  distress " his remarks caused the pope , but he has not retracted them . On Sunday , Merkel phoned Pope Benedict about the issue , though neither side seemed to have shifted its position over Williamson . In addition , Williamson was removed over the weekend as head of a seminary in Argentina . The views of Bishop Williamson , who has led the seminary in La Reja since 2003 , do not reflect those of The Society of St. Pius X , said Christian Bouchacourt , head of its Latin American chapter . Bouchacourt said , in effect , Williamson had no business discussing the Holocaust issue . "  It 's obvious that a Catholic bishop can not talk with the ecclesiastical authority but to things related to faith and morality , " Bouchacourt said in a written statement .	Bishop Richard Williamson loses bid to restrict access in Germany to a TV interview He told Swedish TV he did not believe there was a Nazi plan to wipe out Jews He wanted Swedish TV to be banned from airing interview in Germany or on Internet Holocaust denial is a crime in Germany if the denial is publicized in Germany
CNN  -- When Americans hand out Halloween candy next week they may inadvertently be contributing to the destruction of orangutan habitat thousands of miles away . But do n't feel guilty . Instead , do something about it . Many types of Halloween candy -- and lots of other packaged foods in the United States -- contain palm oil , much of which is farmed in Malaysia and Indonesia , where orangutans live . Wild forests that support the endangered orangutan are being chopped down and burned to grow geometric rows of trees that ultimately produce oil . The use of palm oil in processed foods is way , way up in part because it does n't contain trans fat , which the United States says must be labeled on food packaging because of its unhealthiness . The U.S. imports about 10 times as much palm oil now as it did in the mid-1990s . It 's not that the oil is evil . It 's that production methods need to change . "  Orangutans are just so compelling , " said Laurel Sutherlin , a spokesman for the Rainforest Action Network , which recently released a report called "  Conflict Palm Oil . " The report links irresponsible palm oil production to modern slavery and climate change -- in addition to the destruction of orangutan habitat . "  They 're as closely related to us as chimpanzees . They , in a very , very real way , are being threatened with extinction , and palm oil is the single biggest threat they face . " One way to help is simply to tell snack food and candy companies that you care about orangutans and about the rain forest in southeast Asia . The Rainforest Action Network has made that easy . The group , which recently got some buzz on blogs for posting a staged video of an orangutan called Strawberry  not her real name  communicating in sign language and via video chat with a hearing-impaired girl , has started an online campaign called "  Last Stand of the Orangutan . " The group is asking people to upload photos of their palms  got ta love a homonym  to a website . It 's hoping to collect 60,600 images -- or one human hand for every orangutan in the wild . They 're going to deliver the images to companies that produce products from palm oil , Sutherlin told me . "  We really realized that the scale of the problem is so extreme and so large that we really wanted to help jump-start a national conversation about palm oil , " he said , "  and reach out beyond the choir . " Rainforest Action has a list of ways to get involved on its website . The most interesting , to me , is an effort to slap stickers that say "  Warning ! This snack food may cause orangutan extinction " on products in grocery stores . To similar effect , other groups are trying to encourage consumers to buy Halloween candy that either does n't contain palm oil or contains only palm oil that is certified as sustainable by the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil . The El Paso Zoo in Texas -- which , despite its sizable distance from Indonesia , has an exhibit that features orangutans -- created a list of candies that do and do n't contain palm oil and published it on its website . The list , which I did not confirm independently , says Skittles , Snickers and Milky Way , all made by Mars , contain "  non-sustainable " palm oil . "  Mars is committed to working with the broader community towards 100 % traceable sources of palm oil that are free of deforestation , expansion on carbon-rich peatlands , and the violation of human and labor rights , " the company said in an e-mail . Mars added that it will use 100 % sustainable-certified palm oil by the end of the year . Industry groups and others say palm oil can be grown sustainably , is healthier than alternatives and can be grown on relatively smaller plots of land . Some animal and forest advocates say that 's not enough . The only way to pressure candy makers to make their supply chains transparent and to stop clearing rain forest for palm oil plantation is to boycott all the candies and snack foods that contain palm oil , said Steve Marshall , the El Paso Zoo 's director . "  The issue has been identified . There is an industry that is doing this -- and this industry is being supported by consumers simply because of ignorance , " he told me . "  They just do n't know any better . We 're trying to do the dolphin-safe tuna thing . " Maybe candy is the new tuna . But figuring out how to avoid palm oil , which shows up in many products , is more difficult than picking a dolphin-safe tuna brand . Technology makes it a bit easier . The El Paso Zoo sponsored a new app -- called Palm Oil Guide & Scanner , and available for free on Android and Apple iOS -- that lets consumers scan product bar codes to determine if a particular candy contains palm oil . The app , like the zoo , says consumers should not buy products that contain the oil , whether it is certified as sustainable or not . The sustainability label is not enough to ensure orangutan habitat is not being harmed , according to Marshall . The app seems like a useful tool , especially considering the nuances involved . Palm oil can morph into more than a dozen names in the ingredients lists on the backs of product . Palmate , sodium lauryl sulphate and PKO  palm kernel oil  . All are versions of "  palm oil , " according to advocates . Meanwhile , many candy brands sell some products that contain palm oil and others that do n't . It 's a mess to get up to speed . And it would be expecting a miracle to think even a savvy shopper could remember it all . The Rainforest Action Network says a boycott goes too far . The important thing is that companies make their supply chains transparent and root out problems . The group asks citizens to send e-mails to food companies urging them to "  demand responsible palm oil from  their  suppliers and eliminate conflict palm oil contamination of  their  products . " Whatever your view , there 's no need to skip the sweets on Halloween . But -- whether it 's through a boycott or uploading a photo -- use this holiday to spread the word about the connection we all have to an endangered species . The opinions expressed in this column are solely those of John D. Sutter .	John Sutter : Halloween candy is contributing to orangutan habitat destruction Rain forest is cleared for palm oil plantations ; the oil is used in many snack foods Sutter : El Paso Zoo calls for a boycott of all palm oil products ; others raise awareness An app from the zoo scans products and tells consumers whether to buy candy
CNN  -- Sony Corp. lost a record $ 5.7 billion in the fiscal year ending in March , the company announced today -- lower than beleaguered electronics giant 's previous estimates of finishing the year $ 6.4 billion in the red . Still , it was the fourth straight year the company finished the year with a loss . Sony is not the only Japanese electronics giant struggling : On Friday , Panasonic Corp. is expected to announce nearly $ 10 billion in annual losses , according to estimates released by the company earlier this year . Both companies have struggled with ailing television manufacturing divisions , which have lost to lower cost rivals like Samsung and LG , and are hampered by a rising yen which has cut repatriated profits from overseas sales . Sony 's television division has lost money for the past eight years . The search for Sony 's soul Earlier this week , shares of Sony stock slipped to its lowest level in 25 years . Both Sony and Panasonic have announced restructuring plans and have new leaders running the company . New CEO Kazuo Hirai took the helm on April 1 and promised last month to cut 10,000 jobs -- about 6 % of its workforce -- in the next year . The company predicts a 30 billion yen  $ 376.5 million  net profit in the current fiscal year . Kazuhiro Tsuga was appointed new CEO of Panasonic earlier this year . Both Tsuga and Hirai have announced plans to cut the volume of televisions the companies produce . The Japanese economic newspaper Nikkei reported Wednesday Panasonic may swing to a $ 626 million profit this fiscal year , causing the company 's share price to rise nearly 5 % . The company would n't comment on the report , saying in a statement it would release figures on Friday .	Sony lost a record $ 5.7 billion in the fiscal year ending in March Japanese electronics giant finishes its fourth straight year with a loss The company predicts a $ 376.5 million net profit this current fiscal year
CNN  -- A week before her death , South African model Reeva Steenkamp talked about her secure , blissful environment . "  I woke up in a happy , safe home this morning , " she tweeted . "  Not everyone did . " Four days after she posted that message , neither did she . The 29-year-old model was shot dead by her boyfriend at his house in Pretoria . She died on Valentine 's Day last year . Read More : Who is "  Blade Runner " Oscar Pistorius ? Her boyfriend , Olympian Oscar Pistorius , 27 , has been convicted of culpable homicide , the South African term for unintentionally -- but unlawfully -- killing a person . He was also found guilty of one gun charge in an unrelated shooting at a restaurant . Pistorius has admitted to shooting Steenkamp but says he mistook her for an intruder . Beauty and brains Before she started dating Pistorius , Steenkamp was famous in her own right . She was a striking , platinum-haired model , gearing up for her reality television debut . A law school graduate , she had a vibrant personality and a slew of modeling gigs under her belt . A haunting message Her growing exposure brought more opportunities . She was a presenter for FashionTV in South Africa , an FHM cover girl and the face of cosmetics company Avon . FHM described her as a "  beautiful , intelligent and warm-hearted woman " who had a "  wicked " sense of humor . "  She was the kindest , sweetest human being , an angel on earth , " said Capacity Relations , the agency that represented her . And her fame was growing . ' I do n't have any regrets ' Two days after her death , a prerecorded reality show in which she appeared as a contestant aired . In the context of what transpired , her message in it sounds haunting . "  I 'm going home with sort of a sweet taste in my mouth . I do n't have any regrets . I do n't have any bitterness . I 'm going to miss you all so much and I love you very , very much , " she said as she blew a kiss to the camera . South Africa 's national broadcaster aired the show "  Tropika Island of Treasure " showing a clip discussing her exit from the taped program . The show features local celebrities competing for prize money . Power couple Steenkamp was born in Cape Town but moved to Johannesburg years ago to pursue modeling . The two became an item around November 2012 , and were popular in South African social circles . She constantly referred to him as "  my boo " on social media and posted pictures of their vacations together . But phone messages read during the trial showed a couple that had some rocky patches as well . In some of the messages , she accused him of being overly jealous and overbearing . But he said he loved her and was planning a life with her . About a month before her death , the model shared a picture collage that included the runner . "  Some of my favorite people , " she described the picture . Shortly after they met , she posted a message that appeared to make a reference to their love . "  The only guy you need in your life is the one who proves that he needs you in his , " she said . They had big dreams Pistorius ' relatives said she made him happy . "  All of us saw at first hand how close she had become to Oscar during that time and how happy they were , " said Arnold Pistorius , his uncle . Both had big dreams , the uncle said . "  They had plans together and Oscar was happier in his private life than he had been for a long time , " he said . "  We are all grieving for Reeva , her family and her friends . Oscar -- as you can imagine -- is also numb with shock as well as grief . " The younger Pistorius made history when he became the first Paralympian to compete in the able-bodied Olympics in London in 2012 . He ran on special carbon fiber blades affixed to his legs . He was born without the fibulae in his legs , and they were amputated below the knee when he was 11 months old . Empowering women Before she died , Steenkamp sent out a message urging her thousands of social media followers to empower women . "  Speak out against the rape of individuals " in South Africa , she said in a post on the photo-sharing site Instagram . "  RIP Anene Booysen . " Booysen , 17 , was raped and mutilated in South Africa in February 2013 , putting a spotlight on violence against women in the nation . Steenkamp urged her followers on Twitter to wear black the day after Valentine 's to protest violence against women . A tragic end on Valentine 's Steenkamp was looking forward to Valentine 's Day . "  What do you have up your sleeve for your love tomorrow ? " she asked her Twitter followers the day before . "  Get excited . " At dawn , she lay dead in a pool of blood .	The striking , platinum-haired model was gearing up for her reality television debut "  What do you have up your sleeve for your love tomorrow ? " she tweeted day before death Before she started dating Pistorius , Reeva Steenkamp was famous in her own right
Omaha , Nebraska  CNN  -- A Nebraska high school senior had been called out of class to speak with an assistant principal just hours before he returned to school and fatally shot her , Omaha police said Thursday . Robert Butler Jr. , 17 , also wounded the school principal and was later found dead of a self-inflicted gunshot wound . Millard South High School Assistant Principal Vicki Kaspar , 58 , died at Creighton University Medical Center several hours after she was life-flighted away from the school with critical wounds . Principal Curtis Case , 43 , remains hospitalized at the same facility in serious but stable condition . Emotions still raw as classes resume Friday In a statement , Omaha Police Lt. Darci Tierney said Butler , the son of an Omaha Police detective , was called out of class to speak with Kaspar shortly after the Wednesday morning session began , apparently to discuss a criminal trespass citation he received on New Year 's Day for driving his vehicle on the school 's track and football field . An hour and 15 minutes later , a security guard escorted Butler out of the building , but he returned 3 1/2 hours later and signed in to speak with Kaspar . Tierney said police believe he was in her office for about four minutes before he shot Kaspar and Case . An unarmed security officer , after hearing the gunshots , recognized Butler as he walked out . Butler pointed his weapon at the security guard , who took cover . Less than an hour later , police got a call about a suspicious vehicle less than two miles away matching the description of Butler 's car . They found Butler 's body in the still-running vehicle . Butler 's family has extended their "  sympathy and prayers " to the families of those affected . "  Our family is shocked and confused about Robert Jr. 's actions , " the statement , released by the Omaha Police Department , read . "  We want the community to know that we care deeply about the students and staff of Millard South and their families . We thank those who have called for their support in this very difficult time . " Police say the gun used in the incidents belonged to Butler 's father , a detective with the Omaha Police Department . Butler had brief conversations with his father after he was sent home Wednesday morning , but police said there were no signs anything was particularly out of the ordinary . "  All indicators were that he was acting normal , " Police Chief Alex Hayes said . "  He was disappointed about the discipline , but he was not acting in any kind of manner that he was upset , acting frustrated or angry or anything like that . " Nonetheless , Butler posted a Facebook status update -- prior to returning to the school , Hayes believes -- implying he would be ruining families ' lives and apologizing in advance . "  Everybody that used to know me I 'm sry , " he wrote on his profile , unedited except for the profanity . "  Omaha changed me and f *** ed me up and the school I know attend is even worse ur gon na here about the evil s ** t I did but that f**k n school drove me to.this I wont u guys to remember me for who I was b4 this ik I greatly affected the lives of the families I ruined but I 'm sorry.goodbye . " During the school 's lockdown on Wednesday , senior Shelby Piniarski , a friend of Butler 's , remembered that when word started to spread that it was Butler , she did n't believe it . "  I kind of was hoping that it was just one of those high school rumors , like ` Oh I know who did it , I know who shot whatever , ' " Piniarski said . "  But it was n't . It was real . " It was n't until she read his post that she gave in to the chatter . "  I got a text message of his Facebook status , and that 's about the time my heart broke . " Butler had only been a student at the Omaha school for a couple of months , previously living with his mother in Lincoln , Nebraska . "  We believe that he was having some disciplinary problems with being tardy at school , maybe not listening to Mom -- that kind of thing -- thinking that Dad may be able to help him out better than Mom was , " Hayes said . "  Hopefully we can come to a point where we think we know exactly what happened . " Hayes said the police department 's safety committee will review the incident . The department 's firearms policy says that officers "  will not store or leave a firearm in any place within the reach or each access of a minor or unauthorized individual . "	Police believe Robert Butler Jr. used a gun belonging to his father , a police detective Assistant Principal Vicki Kaspar called Butler into her office hours before the shooting Butler apologized in advance in a posting on his Facebook page Butler 's family offers "  sympathy and prayers " to families of those affected
CNN  -- One Direction have already conquered the music world -- now one of the fab five is set to take the football world by storm . Louis Tomlinson has signed a deal with English second division club Doncaster Rovers in one of the most bizarre deals for some time . Tomlinson , who stars alongside Zayn Malik , Harry Styles , Niall Horan and Liam Payne , is part of biggest and most successful boy band on the planet . One Direction have broken record after record during their rise from losing in Britain 's X-Factor competition in 2010 to becoming as big as the Beatles stateside . Managed by music mogul Simon Cowell , One Direction have had 61 album and single number one 's world wide with their last album "  Take Me Home " reaching top spot in 37 different countries . They are the only UK band to have had their first two albums reach No. 1 in the U.S. and have over 18.5 million Facebook fans and 71 million combined followers on Twitter . Tomlinson , 21 was born in Doncaster and has signed a deal which means he could feature for the team at any point this season . He hopes his appearance for Rovers will help raise money for local charity Bluebell Wood Children 's Hospice . "  This has always been a childhood dream for me , " he told the club 's official website . "  I feel very honored to have been asked to sign for Rovers and being able to help both the club and the amazing charity Bluebell Wood is what it 's all about . " While Tomlinson is used to having thousands upon thousands of screaming "  Directioners " cheering at him on stage , he 'll be performing in far more modest surroundings at the 15,000 seater Keepmoat Stadium . As a child , Tomlinson used to attend games both as a fan and as a ball boy but his heavy work schedule means he will face a real challenge to be available for a cameo appearance . He will miss Doncaster 's first game of the season against Blackpool on Saturday with One Direction set to perform in Las Vegas before the group move onto California . Tomlinson will then be touring Australia and New Zealand in September and October with the band appearing in Adelaide , Perth and Melbourne before moving onto Christchurch and Auckland . But that has not deterred Rovers , with the club fully aware of Tomlinson 's ability to lure in new fans . "  Louis has always been passionate about football and wanted to realize a dream of signing to his home town club where he once worked on match days , " said a statement on the club 's official website . "  After discussions between Louis , Paul Dickov and media manager Steve Uttley , it was decided that the club could sign him and issue him with a squad number for the 2013/2014 season . "  As part of the signing it is hoped that Louis will be able to appear in Rovers colors at some point this season in aid of Bluebell Wood and train with the lads . "  Chairman John Ryan and the manager Paul Dickov have given Louis the number 28 shirt for this season to help him raise money for Bluebell Wood . "	One Direction star Louis Tomlinson has signed a deal with Doncaster Rovers Tomlinson has signed on a non-contract basis with the second division club Hoping to raise money for local charity Bluebell Wood Children 's Hospice Has been given the number 28 shirt and is set to appear at some point this season
CNN  One would expect that the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency has the best interests of the public in mind , but its recent decisions have cast serious doubt upon this assumption . One in particular could have a dramatic impact on the safety of the U.S. food supply : It is the mandate of the EPA to regulate the use of agricultural chemicals like insecticides and herbicides , as well as to determine their allowable limits in food and drinking water . Herbicides  weed killers  are mixtures of chemicals designed to spray on weeds , where they get inside the plants and inhibit enzymes required for the plant to live . The active ingredient in the most widely used herbicide is glyphosate , while some herbicides contain 2,4 D. 2,4 D is best known as a component of Agent Orange , a defoliant widely employed during the Vietnam War . Until the introduction of GM crops about 20 years ago , herbicides were sprayed on fields before planting , and then only sparingly used around crops . The food that we ate from the plants was free of these chemicals . In stark contrast , with herbicide resistant GM plants , the herbicides and a mixture of other chemicals  surfactants  required to get the active ingredient into the plant are sprayed directly on the crops and are then taken up into the plant . The surrounding weeds are killed while the GM plant is engineered to resist the herbicide . Therefore , the food crop itself contains the herbicide as well as a mixture of surfactants . To accommodate the fact that weeds are becoming glyphosate resistant , thereby requiring more herbicide use , the EPA has steadily increased its allowable concentration limit in food , and has essentially ignored our exposure to the other chemicals that are in its commercial formulation . As a result , the amount of glyphosate-based herbicide introduced into our foods has increased enormously since the introduction of GM crops . Multiple studies have shown that glyphosate-based herbicides are toxic and likely public health hazards . Of equal importance in terms of health is the fact that herbicides are now being used to rapidly kill non-GM grain crops at the end of their growing season in order to speed up harvesting . So , a product can be labeled GM-free but still contain high levels of herbicide . The fact that agricultural chemicals are now inside the food crops that we eat is a fundamental shift in both our food production system and human exposure to toxic chemicals . Unfortunately , it is about to get even worse . Since 2,4 D has been used for over 50 years , its toxicity to farm workers and neighboring populations is well documented . EPA sponsored studies have shown that those repeatedly exposed to 2,4 D have an increased risk of Parkinson 's disease , cancer and birth defects . Its nonagricultural use is banned in some European countries . Despite this information , and warnings from many knowledgeable organizations , scientists and doctors , the EPA has recently concluded that the commercialization of corn and soy genetically modified to be resistant to both 2,4 D and glyphosate will have no adverse effects on human health and has allowed the introduction of these crops in many states . The summary statements used to justify this decision are on the EPA website , but the scientific data and discussion to support it are not available to the public . Some predict that because of these GM crops and the inevitable increase in weed herbicide resistance , the amount of 2,4 D entering our environment could soon increase up to 30 fold over the 2010 levels . As a medical research scientist , I consider this EPA allowance a grave error and believe that it will ultimately lead to a public health disaster . This conclusion is based upon the following considerations : 1  2,4 D , glyphosate , and surfactants are inside the plant and can not be washed off . Recently shipments of soybeans to Asia have contained 50-fold the amount of glyphosate allowed in Europe , and high levels are in U.S. GM soybeans while none is detected in conventional and organic beans . 2  2,4 D is toxic , and safety testing of glyphosate formulations has shown that they are endocrine disrupters and cause liver and kidney damage . Moreover , it appears that the specific formulation of 2,4 D and glyphosate that will be applied to the new GM crops has not been tested for health safety . Because soy - and corn-based foods will contain these chemicals , they should be considered food additives and fall under the jurisdiction of the FDA , which would require extensive safety testing . Currently none are required . 3  Glyphosate and 2,4 D accumulate in the environment , and the amounts will increase in our food and drinking water as their combined use becomes widespread and weeds become more resistant . Glyphosate is already found in the blood and urine of people , and in a soy rich nutrient mix given to infants . 4  While the producers of the new , doubly herbicide resistant crops and the U.S. regulatory agencies have some control over the production and use of herbicides in this country , they can not control those made or used abroad . The relatively uncontrolled use of glyphoshate-based herbicides in South and Central America has lead to significant increases in birth defects , kidney toxicity , and cancer . It will be much worse if 2,4 D is thrown into the mix . What does this all mean ? Consumers should consider purchasing certified organic soy and corn products until the EPA withdraws its allowance of food crops that contain herbicides , and every effort should be made to prevent the introduction of additional herbicide resistant crops . These food additives are not good for you or your children .	EPA has steadily increased the allowable concentration limit of herbicides in food supply David Schubert : Herbicide resistant crops present health risks for consumers that can not be ignored
CNN  -- OK , readers , let 's have a debate , one of sports talk 's favorites . Who is the best player in the NBA ? Is it Kevin Durant , LeBron James or Kobe Bryant ? Scroll down to the comments and sound off . Go , now . I 'll wait . ... All done ? Good . Now , how many of you called me short-sighted  or "  Obama-loving imbecile , " if you 're a troll  for neglecting to include the San Antonio Spurs ' Tim Duncan ? Not many , I venture , at least not if you 're outside the Greater Alamo Area . But how can he objectively be omitted from the debate ? "  His game is shrouded in fundamentals and not athleticism , " said former NBA sharpshooter Steve Kerr , a TNT analyst who will call Saturday 's Game 6 between James ' Heat and the Indiana Pacers . "  What he does is n't flashy , is n't explosive . He prefers the shadow . He does n't want to be in the spotlight . " Yet he 's a winner . That ca n't be argued , and with his rÃ © sumÃ © , it 's curious he does n't get more credit -- and that less-talented fellows like Metta World Peace get more press , even if it 's because of their antics . Fans profess to yearn for good guys , yet when presented with a stalwart , they yawn or change the channel . The recent news of Duncan 's possible divorce from his wife of 11 years is one of the few , maybe only , instances of off-court negative press in his career . Kerr , whose 15-year playing career included four seasons with Duncan and the Spurs , said he ca n't explain it . "  Why do people watch reality TV ? Why do people watch the Kardashians ? Just consider your audience , " he said . "  It 's true that there 's a fairly hypocritical nature , not just to sports fans but human beings . It 's human nature to be fascinated by the bizarre or the crazy or the flashy and not the mundane . " For 16 years , the two-time NBA MVP has averaged a double-double , tallying about 20 points and 11 rebounds  plus more than three assists and two blocks  per outing . James , Durant and Bryant have impressive career stat lines but not double-doubles . Duncan 's numbers are a smidgeon higher in the playoffs , which his Spurs have reached in every season since he joined the roster . None of the Trinity has reached the postseason every year . Then there are those rings : four of them , 1999 , 2003 , 2005 and 2007 . James has one , Durant none . Bryant has five , a feat Duncan 's teammates hope he will soon match as the Spurs sit at home waiting to learn who they 'll face in the NBA Finals after dismantling the Memphis Grizzlies . Why well-rested Spurs have edge in Finals "  Tim has laid the groundwork for how he wants his NBA career to be handled , " TNT and NBATV analyst Mike Fratello said , explaining that Duncan has chosen to stay in one of the league 's smallest markets , alongside a coach he trusts , Gregg Popovich . Before we delve any deeper , Fratello , who spent a collective 15 years coaching the Atlanta Hawks , Memphis Grizzlies and Cleveland Cavaliers , would like to make one thing clear : Durant does n't belong in this debate . Not yet . "  It 's unfair to compare Kevin Durant with Tim Duncan . Tim Duncan is the model of longevity , consistency and championships , " he said . "  Is he a top three or four player ? Yes , without question , but you ca n't include him in this conversation . What has he done in the playoffs that puts him in with Tim Duncan ? " Fair enough . Sorry , KD . We 'll talk again in five years . Back to Duncan . Are you starting to see why the he 'll never be voted prom king ? The father of two simply does n't care about such things -- popularity , ratings . He cares only about Ws , and to many fans , that is n't sexy unless a player makes an ass of himself or talks trash incessantly . Grantland 's and ESPN 's Bill Simmons , a Boston Celtics fan , posted a rare  for sportswriters  ode to Duncan this week . In it , he called the Spurs power forward the best player of his generation , better than Bryant , a guy who "  probably led the league for 16 straight years just in throwing an arm around a teammate 's shoulder . " "  It 's the little things that make him special . Offensively , he can destroy you in the low post , he can run perfect pick and rolls with any decent guard and when all else fails , he can just bank that pretty 15-footer . Seriously , does anyone else in basketball have that shot ? " Simmons asked in the video . "  Since 1997 , you never heard about Duncan dogging it , calling out teammates , showing up heavy for training camp , complaining about money , asking for a trade , giving himself a nickname . Of course , people found that boring . ... I 'm sorry . Since when was winning boring ? " It 's a fine question and one that J.R. Wilco , editor-in-chief of the Spurs blog Pounding the Rock , has heard before . After reading a CNN story from last year about the Spurs ' supposed inability to tantalize , he handed the rock Thursday to one of his blog 's longtime commenters , Lauri  bold and italics imparted by the commenter  : " ... the whole ` Duncan is boring ' argument is so effing tautological . No , he 's not boring . He 's unknown . Because you never feature him . Can he be charming and funny ? Of course he can . Is he a fighter and a champion ? You best believe it , and if you do n't , look up . See those banners ? And the emotion he shows on the court is that much more powerful for being rare . You can promote that , you capitalist a-holes , if the money that promotion brings is really all that matters to you about this game . You can promote anything if you come at it from the right angle . But you 're lazy , NBA suits , and you like to keep the public lazy , and you take the path of least resistance â $ " entertainment over enlightenment . " Wilco also believes the "  boring " argument overlooks that the Spurs ' style of play is by design . It 's not that Popovich is averse to the flashy , Wilco said ; it 's more that he 's "  anti-bad play , " and the path to victory is rarely paved with quadruple crossovers , one-handed alley-oops and no-look-behind-the-back passes . Pop and Duncan also famously avoid the media , a practice that might not jibe well with larger markets like Los Angeles and New York . Wilco recalls one of his contributors , Aaron Preine , telling him last year he saw Duncan actually pump a fist -- a gametime rarity over the big man 's career -- after realizing that no reporters wanted to talk to him in the locker room after a playoff game . Even on Duncan 's website , there is an FAQ largely about his personal life that , tellingly , has n't been updated since Duncan was 27 , about a decade ago . His milquetoast answers average 4.6 words and include this bombshell : Asked what wish he 'd want granted if given the choice , he replied , "  Good health . " As opposed to his own island or a solid-gold Lamborghini Aventador . "  They do n't play to the press . That means there 's less meat for the marketing machine to chew up and process , " Wilco said . "  The Spurs ' entire organization , they really think it 's a distraction . The rest of that stuff is external to their job of winning games . " And since 1997 , when the 6-foot-11 Wake Forest grad first donned the silver and black as the NBA draft 's No. 1 overall pick , no American sports team has done that job better . it 's hard to imagine that 's not primarily a product of Duncan 's no-nonsense efficiency , though Fratello points out that Popovich and the Spurs ' front office -- as well as the personnel it 's paired with Duncan -- deserve credit . What will fifth ring mean for Duncan 's legacy ? To truly appreciate Duncan , you have to take the long view . So where does he rank among players all time ? We 'll start with Kerr because of his credentials . Sure , Fratello coached greatness in Dominique Wilkins and others , but Kerr won titles with the Spurs and with Michael Jordan 's Chicago Bulls teams , so he 's actually passed greatness the ball . Kerr said Bill Russell , Jordan and Magic Johnson fill out his top three , "  and at that point , you can throw Tim Duncan up against anybody , in my mind . " A fifth title -- should the Spurs dispatch the winner of the Heat-Pacers series -- would elevate Duncan to Kareem Abdul-Jabbar status because of the time between trophies . Abdul-Jabbar won six championships between 1971 and 1988 . "  Star players normally do n't win until they reach their prime . ... Titles come in a cozy span of six to eight years , not 13 , " Kerr said . "  It speaks to his brilliance over his entire career . " Fratello sees it similarly and puts Duncan in the top five of all time , along with Kerr 's top three and Abdul-Jabbar . "  Tim Duncan certainly belongs in that company . It 's rarefied air that he 's in , " he said . Wilco said "  the greatest ever " debates are heavily dependent on "  who 's talking , where they 're talking and who they 're talking to . " He 's not sure , as a Spurs blogger , how much mileage he can derive by putting Duncan in an all-time team of players at every position , he said . He and the other contributors to Pounding the Rock , however , confidently call Duncan "  GOAT PUFF , " an acronym  sort of  for Greatest Of All Time Power Forward . Told of Fratello 's and Kerr 's assessments , Wilco softened his resistance to ranking his team 's perennial all-star . "  I would n't disagree with those guys , " he said . "  The top five is an excellent place for him . " TNT , NBATV and CNN are owned by the same parent company , Time Warner .	Experts : Tim Duncan is often left out of "  greatest in NBA " debates for no good reason Spurs await winner of Heat-Pacers series ; Finals win means fifth ring for Duncan Steve Kerr , on why we do n't like nice guys : "  Why do people watch the Kardashians ? " Spurs blogger says team 's aversion to media , efficient style of play is intentional
CNN  -- Google opened an online music store and a free Web storage locker on Wednesday for listening to tracks from computers , tablets and phones , the company announced at a news conference in Los Angeles . The music store sells songs and albums for prices comparable to iTunes and Amazon MP3 , but Google 's catalog is smaller . The storefront can be found in the Android Market , an application and website where Google smartphone users can download apps . Songs purchased from the store are automatically uploaded to Google Music , a locker that can be accessed from an app coming to recent Android phones and tablets in the next few days , or from a website . They allow users to stream songs from their various devices . The Google locker service launched to a small group in May , and it opened to everyone in the United States on Wednesday . Google Music is free for storing as many as 20,000 songs . More than half of all smartphones sold worldwide in the last quarter run Google 's Android software , according to market research firm Gartner . Google said more than 200 million devices have been activated . But in the music download market , Apple is king , selling more than half of all U.S. downloads through its iTunes Store , analysts say . Apple took steps to broaden its offering with the belated launch of iTunes Match on Monday . ITunes Match is similar to Google Music in that it allows customers to store their music catalogs , up to 25,000 songs , on Apple 's servers and access them from their computers , iPhones and iPads . Match costs $ 25 per year . "  At Google , digital music has become fundamental to many things we care very much about , " Jamie Rosenberg , Google 's director of content for Android , said onstage at the news conference . "  Other cloud music services think you have to pay to listen to the music you own . We do n't . " ITunes Match has a technological leg up on Google because subscribers can upload their libraries much more quickly . That 's thanks to Apple 's deals with the music labels that allow it to provide customers with access to the high-quality versions of songs that iTunes sells . With Google Music or Amazon.com 's Cloud Drive , users with a lot of music may have to wait several days for their entire catalogs to upload . The iTunes Store has about 20 million songs , whereas Google has 8 million . Google has signed deals with three of the big four record labels . Warner Music Group , the third largest , whose musicians include Death Cab for Cutie , the Grateful Dead , Muse and T-Pain , is a holdout . Even without Warner , Google said it will add 5 million songs over the next several months . Customers of T-Mobile USA 's cellular network will be able to charge songs to their phone bills rather than setting up a Google account with a credit card . After buying a song through Google Music , customers can share the track on the Google + social network . Not surprisingly , Google Music will not integrate with Facebook Music , the aggregation service that launched recently from Google 's social-network rival . Google touted that , unlike other music stores , people who find songs through Google + will be able to listen to each one in full for free one time before they buy . ITunes only provides 90-second previews . Google has also secured exclusive access to live records from popular bands including Coldplay and the Rolling Stones . Apple is still the only music-download store that has the Beatles .	Google opens a digital music store , and prices are comparable to iTunes The company is also opening Google Music , the storage service , to everyone in the U.S. Google Music will be free for storing as many as 20,000 songs per account
I am a Russian-speaking Ukrainian . I am ethnically half-Russian , as my father was born in Siberia . I spent much of my life in Donetsk , a Russian-speaking area of Ukraine . Now I live in Kiev . My kids speak Ukrainian in school and with many of their friends , and we speak Russian at home . When my son 's fourth-grade teacher talks to me , she speaks Ukrainian . I respond in Russian . We do n't even notice that our conversation is in two languages . I understand Ukrainian but do n't speak it as easily as I speak English . I just never had any pressure to learn it . In Lviv , in the western part of Ukraine , most speak primarily Ukrainian , but even there , I never had anybody look down on me for my Russian . In the eastern and southern regions , many people speak Russian , and there is absolutely no forced "  Ukraineization . " You might be asking what all this fuss is about in Crimea , the autonomous region of eastern Ukraine with strong ties to Russia . Why are thousands coming to the streets with Russian flags ? It 's easy to explain . Tracking the crisis in Ukraine as it unfolds Many people in Crimea and eastern Ukraine do n't want the protection of Russian President Vladimir Putin . But there are some who are afraid of forced Ukraineization because they have been fed propaganda by Russian TV channels for years . The purpose is to convince Ukrainians that we are divided , not one country , and that the safest course of action for Russian-speaking areas is to break away and join Russia . These ideas have been cultivated since I was a child . I remember when I lived in Donetsk in the '90s , how scared we were that a candidate from western Ukraine would win an election and force us to speak Ukrainian . But when I moved out of the area of aggressive Russian information , I quickly realized I can speak Russian in Kiev or Lviv and no one will ever be upset with me ! Over our 22 years of Ukrainian independence , fears of language or ethnic persecution have never come true . But they were kept alive by Russian propaganda . We understand that Putin is trying to escalate tension and provoke civil war in Ukraine right now . He ca n't afford for a free Ukraine to succeed : His own people might get an idea that it 's possible to overthrow a tyrant and build a prosperous country . U.N. Security Council meets to discuss Ukraine crisis Putin wo n't succeed . Ukrainians are wiser than that and wo n't kill each other over the nonexistent problem of language . To demonstrate that , last week , people in Lviv  traditionally Ukrainian-speaking  spoke only Russian all day , and in response , those in Donetsk  traditionally Russian-speaking  spoke Ukrainian ! No civil war in Ukraine , Mr. Putin ! It must be getting harder to justify the presence of military force to "  protect " people when nobody is in danger . I just talked to my friends in Crimea . Yuri in Simferopol told me that it 's a handful of pro-Russian extremists in the streets trying to make a scene for Russian video cameras -- they are showing that these are the Russians who request protection ! Meanwhile , the rest of the city is terrified by the presence of Russian military forces and are evacuating their families to central or western Ukraine . I got a similar report from Luda in Kharkov . She said that a large group of Russians were brought across the border by buses , and they were the ones inspiring and instigating unrest that resulted in putting a Russian flag on a municipal building . The amount of propaganda Russia has poured onto Ukraine is hard to comprehend . Putting troops on Ukrainian land is going to bring the very opposite result from what Putin expected : I believe it 's uniting Ukraine . Meanwhile , Russia and Putin are getting into deeper isolation from the world as more and more countries are recalling their ambassadors from Russia and condemning the government 's actions . Good job , Mr. Putin ! Thank you from all of us Ukrainians  Russian and Ukrainian-speaking  for uniting Ukraine against your military aggression . Are you in Ukraine ? Have you witnessed the unrest there ? Share your stories with CNN iReport , but please stay safe .	Ukrainian Maia Mikhaluk has been documenting the unrest in her country She says the situation in Kiev is tense as Russia moves its troops to the Crimean Peninsula She wrote a passionate essay in response to Russia 's military intervention in Ukraine
LONDON , England  CNN  -- It was inevitable that a tragedy on the scale of Hillsborough , when 96 Liverpool fans were crushed to death during an FA Cup semifinal with Nottingham Forest , would have a transformative effect on English football . A Liverpool supporter Wednesday , outside Anfield . Ninety-six fans died from the 1989 Hillsborough disaster . But there was little reason to believe 20 years ago that , rather than being pushed even further towards the margins of society , the sport was on the brink of a revolution that would give birth to a global sporting phenomenon . Even before Hillsborough , it had seemed as if there was something irredeemably rotten at the heart of English football . Hooliganism , a scourge synonymous with the English game , had receded from its peak in the 1970s but English clubs were outlawed from European competition after rampaging Liverpool fans caused a wall to collapse at Brussels ' Heysel Stadium before the 1985 European Cup final , causing the deaths of 39 people , mostly supporters of the Italian side Juventus . British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher , showing little understanding or patience for the traditions of the sport , had virtually ghettoized fans , promoting a scheme to have each supporter issued with an identity card . On the field , sides such as Liverpool , Tottenham Hotspur and Nottingham Forest were renowned for their attractive play but elsewhere a corrosive cult of long ball football pervaded the game . That trend seemed to find vindication when arch-exponents Wimbledon , who in the course of a decade had bullied and scrapped their way through four divisions to reach the top flight , defeated Liverpool in the 1988 FA Cup final , prompting match commentator John Motson to declare that "  the Crazy Gang have beaten the Culture Club . " With its clubs banned from Europe , many top British players opted to leave England altogether -- Gary Lineker and Mark Hughes to Barcelona , Glenn Hoddle to Monaco , Chris Waddle to Marseille -- adding further to the sense of terminal malaise . Hillsborough had not been caused by hooliganism but the tragedy was a product of the environment that hooliganism had created ; stadiums resembling decrepit fortresses , the fans caged inside steel bars and heavy-handed policing which treated all supporters equally -- as potential troublemakers . Coupled with Heysel and a fire at Bradford in 1985 in which 56 fans died , it also served to reinforce the belief that going to a football match was something which could put your life in danger . In "  The Last Game : Love , Death and Football , " a book examining the lasting impact of the events of 1989 on the sport , author Jason Cowley describes Hillsborough as English football 's "  psychological moment , the point of no return . " "  The culture of the game had to change definitely if football was ever to be perceived as anything more than the preserve of the white , working class male , a theatre of hate and of violence , often racist and misogynistic excesses , if it was to survive at all , " says Cowley . English football not only survived but within a few years had reinvented itself , in the elite "  Premier League " division of the country 's top clubs at least , as an internationally recognized super brand capable of attracting the world 's best players and broadcast around the planet . The engine for this transformation , in the wake of Hillsborough , was the Taylor Report , an inquiry into the causes of the disaster which called for the steel fences inside grounds to be dismantled and for the phasing out of the traditional terraces of standing fans with all-seater stadiums . Initially clubs received government funding to help them meet the costs but the sport was about to receive an injection of cash that would radically change its financial prospects . Despite its poor reputation , there remained a huge appetite for televised football -- ironically , itself a by-product of the fact that many supporters were no longer going to matches . Realizing this , the country 's top clubs broke away from the game 's traditional power structure , setting up the Premier League and selling TV rights for # 191 million  $ 286 million  to media tycoon Rupert Murdoch 's newly established satellite television venture , BSkyB . The money was a shot in the arm for football , while Sky 's coverage regenerated interest in the sport by repackaging it as something shiny , exotic and exciting . On a Europe-wide scale , the replacement of the old knockout format European Cup with the Champions League achieved something similar , creating a clique of continential superpowers . The television rights boom also convinced many in the sport that football could actually be profitable . Some clubs raised more cash by floating on stock markets and others , such as Bolton , Middlesbrough and Sunderland , invested in shiny flying saucer-like new stadiums . But the success of the Premier League also owed something to events on the pitch . If Hillsborough marked a nadir for English football , the 1990 World Cup in Italy -- and Paul Gascoigne 's tears during the national side 's epic semifinal defeat by West Germany -- offered a moment of catharsis that rekindled many casual fan 's residual love for the game . Subtle changes to the rules implemented worldwide by FIFA , including banning back passes to goalkeepers , automatic sendings off for professional fouls and changing the offside rule to give the benefit of the doubt to forward players , gradually made the game a more attractive spectacle . Meanwhile , the emergence of Alex Ferguson 's young and exciting Manchester United team as the Premier League 's dominant force , perfectly captured the spirit of the new age yet grounded the game in the traditions of the past . Finally , the 1995 Bosman Ruling , which granted players across Europe freedom of movement when out of contract , and the end of restrictions on the number of foreign players teams could field , created an international transfer market which lifted the horizons of the English game and brought genuine world class stars including Eric Cantona and Dennis Bergkamp , and eventually Cristiano Ronaldo and Fernando Torres , to the Premier League . Still , for many football fans , the glamour and wealth of the Premier League , with its homogenized stadiums and corporate entertainment suites -- in which clubs are bought and sold by global plutocrats from Siberia to Texas via Thailand and Abu Dhabi -- represents a betrayal of the sport 's traditional values . "  There 's still a powerful nostalgia among fans of my generation for a lost , less aggressively commercial era of football , when the game seemed less cynically concerned with exploiting the loyalty of those who pay to watch and with selling itself to a global audience , " says Cowley . Yet in a week when four Premier League sides featured in the quarterfinals of the Champions League and public appetite for the game appears insatiable , it is hard to avoid the conclusion that English football is in a better state than anyone who witnessed the horror at Hillsborough 20 years ago could ever have dared believe . More importantly , it is virtually inconceivable to imagine the circumstances in which 96 fans died ever being repeated in an English stadium .	English football has been transformed in 20 years since Hillsborough tragedy Disaster created impetus for all-seater grounds , improvements in infrastructure Top clubs also benefited from creation of Premier League and sale of TV rights The English Premier League is now the world 's most watched sporting league
Washington  CNN  -- Republicans and outside groups used anonymous Twitter accounts to share internal polling data ahead of the midterm elections , CNN has learned , a practice that raises questions about whether they violated campaign finance laws that prohibit coordination . The Twitter accounts were hidden in plain sight . The profiles were publicly available but meaningless without knowledge of how to find them and decode the information , according to a source with knowledge of the activities . The practice is the latest effort in the quest by political operatives to exploit the murky world of campaign finance laws at a time when limits on spending in politics are eroding and regulators are being defanged . The law says that outside groups , such as super PACs and non-profits , can spend freely on political causes as long as they do n't coordinate their plans with campaigns . Sharing costly internal polls in private , for instance , could signal to the campaign committees where to focus precious time and resources . The groups behind the operation had a sense of humor about what they were doing . One Twitter account was named after Bruno Gianelli , a fictional character in The West Wing who pressed his colleagues to use ethically questionable "  soft money " to fund campaigns . A typical tweet read : "  CA-40 / 43-44/49 -44 / 44-50/36 -44 / 49-10/16 / 14-52 -- > 49/476 -10 s. " The source said posts like that -- which would look like gibberish to most people -- represented polling data for various House races . Posting the information on Twitter , which is technically public , could provide a convenient loophole to the law â $ " or could run afoul of it . "  It 's a line that has not been defined . This is really on the cutting edge , " said Paul S. Ryan , senior counsel at the Campaign Legal Center , a nonpartisan organization focused on campaign finance issues . "  It might not be legal . It 's a cutting edge practice that , to my knowledge , the Federal Election Commission has never before addressed to explicitly determine its legality or permissibility . " At least two outside groups and a Republican campaign committee had access to the information posted to the accounts , according to the source . They include American Crossroads , the super PAC founded by Karl Rove ; American Action Network , a nonprofit advocacy group , and the National Republican Congressional Committee , which is the campaign arm for the House GOP . Accounts deleted The accounts that CNN reviewed were active in the months ahead of this month 's election , which gave Republicans their largest majority in the House since World War II and control of the Senate . They were live until Nov. 3 but deleted minutes after CNN contacted the NRCC with questions . Representatives for American Crossroads , American Action Network and the NRCC declined repeated requests for comment for this story . CNN captured screenshots of the Twitter communications before contacting the parties involved . American Crossroads dropped $ 21.6 million during the most recent election cycle , according to the Center for Responsive Politics . The American Action Network , meanwhile , spent nearly $ 9 million on federal elections in 2014 . It 's difficult to determine whether Twitter posts prompted ad buys or other spending in specific races . Two of the profiles were named @TruthTrain14 and @brunogianelli44 but it 's unclear which group used specific accounts . Still , the tweeting through special code could raise questions about whether the groups illegally coordinated , according to Kenneth Gross , a former head of the FEC enforcement division who now advises Democrats and Republicans on campaign finance issues . ` Decoder ring ' "  If it truly requires some sort of Ovaltine decoder ring to make heads or tails of the information , then there certainly is the possibility that there was some pre-arrangement , " Gross said . "  Just making it public is not enough . You have to further meet the requirement of no pre-arrangement or coordination . But it is the burden of the government to demonstrate that . " Beyond coordination , the social media operation could also raise questions about whether the polling data contained in the tweets constituted a donation to the NRCC that should have been reported . The groups could have violated election rules by not reporting the information in the tweets as a donation . The tweets captured by screenshots stretched back to July , but the groups have communicated in this manner for four years , the source said . Staffers for each group deleted individual tweets every few months , so only the past few months of data were available when CNN first viewed the Twitter accounts . The social media strategy is n't the first time parties and outside groups have used Twitter to communicate . In April , it was Republicans who accused Democrats of attempting to "  subvert campaign finance laws " when the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee 's official Twitter accounts posted messages that Democratic super PACs later incorporated into their ads . And both parties are working hard to find ways to work more closely with well-financed outside groups . Earlier this year , for instance , the National Journal reported that Sen. Jeanne Shaheen , a New Hampshire Democrat , posted what appear to be ad scripts on her websites that Republicans say telegraphed messages the campaign would like to see on the air . In the North Carolina Senate race this year , Republican Thom Tillis ' campaign posted a detailed memo on its website specifically laying out its needs for television and digital ad buys . Meanwhile , outside groups also share details of their plans by releasing spending plans to the media or posting the information on their websites as press releases . But the Twitter accounts in this case are unique in that they did not publicly identify their association with the groups who posted to them or advertise their existence . Citizens United The Twitter operation underscores the uncertain state of campaign finance rules after the Supreme Court 's 2010 Citizens United decision upended limits on outside spending in politics . Regulations provided by the FEC in the wake of the court ruling leave much to interpretation about what constitutes "  coordination , " creating a Wild West environment that , according to campaign finance experts , gives outside groups ample opportunity to share information while arguing they stayed within the confines of the law . "  It may bend common sense , but not necessarily the law , " said Daniel Tokaji , a professor of Constitutional Law at Ohio State University who co-authored a study this year examining the relationship between outside groups and campaigns . "  A lot of things you and I would consider coordination are not coordination under the law . I do n't think sharing polling data is going to be enough to establish that the campaign was materially involved in decisions about content , target audience or timing . " In response to this story Monday , FEC vice-chair Ann Ravel said the commission may address the use of social media to share campaign information , but conceded that the rules governing campaign finance are "  murky . " The strategy , Ravel wrote on Twitter , "  shows that tech changing politics ... but coordination rules sadly murky . " The practice also serves as another reminder of Washington 's revolving door between campaign committees , party leadership and outside groups . The spokesman for American Crossroads , Paul Lindsay , and the president of American Action Network , Brian Walsh , both formerly worked at the NRCC though there 's no evidence that they were involved in the Twitter posts . Despite the questionable nature of the Twitter communications , experts doubt the FEC will do much to act . Members of the commission have been deadlocked along party lines for years and attorneys for these groups often develop legal arguments before engaging in such practices to avoid acting outside the bounds of the law , Ryan said . "  In many instances , we have very sophisticated political players with really good lawyers who know where the legal lines are and know where to push them to their client 's advantage , " he said .	NEW : FEC vice-chair : Coordination rules are ` sadly murky ' Laws ban outside groups from coordinating with campaigns GOP and outside groups shared internal polling data on Twitter accounts Practices raises questions about whether election laws were broken
CNN  Debates on climate change can break down fairly fast . There are those who believe that mankind 's activities are changing the planet 's climate , and those who do n't . But a new way to talk about climate change is emerging , which shifts focus from impersonal discussions about greenhouse gas emissions and power plants to a very personal one : your health . It 's easy to brush aside debates involving major international corporations , but who would n't stop to think -- and perhaps do something -- about their own health , or the health of their children ? This new way of talking about climate change -- and linking it to public health issues -- was part of a roundtable discussion Tuesday at Howard University 's College of Medicine . President Barack Obama joined U.S. Surgeon General Dr. Vivek Murthy and EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy for a roundtable discussion on the topic as part of National Public Health Week . "  I think we 've always known -- or at least in the 20th century we 've understood -- that environment has an impact on public health , " the President told CNN 's Dr. Sanjay Gupta . "  I remember when I first went to college in Los Angeles in 1979 , the air was so bad that you could n't go running outside , " Obama said . "  You 'd have air quality alerts , and people who had respiratory problems or were vulnerable had to stay inside . We took action , and the air 's a lot better . " "  There are a whole host of public health impacts that are going to hit home , so we 've got to do better in protecting vulnerable Americans , " Obama continued . "  Ultimately , though , all of our families are going to be vulnerable . You ca n't cordon yourself off from air or climate . " Murthy revealed to the group that asthma is a personal issue for him , as a favorite uncle died from a severe attack when he was younger . "  It 's also personal to me because I 've cared for many patients over the years who have suffered from asthma and have seen firsthand how frightening it can be to suddenly be wheezing and fighting for every breath , " Murthy said . "  Asthma can be very difficult for patients , but also for their families . The impacts of climate change could make the situation worse . " "  This is not just a future threat -- this is a present threat , " said Brian Deese , a senior adviser to the President . Deese cited a recent study by the American Thoracic Society that found seven out of 10 doctors reported climate change is contributing to more health problems among their patients . "  The good news is that , in addition to having doctors and nurses , public health officials , schools of medicine joining together to raise awareness -- and to in some cases impact their practice -- they anticipate , for example , increased asthma instances , and plan ahead of time to deal with those , " Obama told Gupta . "  What we have is companies like Google and Microsoft that are going to take data we 're releasing and start developing apps so that , potentially , individual families are going to be able to monitor the air quality in their communities in a real-time basis . " "  Communities can start planning for prevention and mitigation efforts more effectively , and hopefully the other thing that happens is that families and parents join with these doctors and nurses to start putting some pressure on elected officials to try to make something happen to reduce the impacts of climate change , " said Obama . The impacts of climate change on health will depend on a multitude of factors , according to the Environmental Protection Agency . "  These factors include the effectiveness of a community 's public health and safety systems to address or prepare for the risk and the behavior , age , gender , and economic status of individuals affected , " the EPA says on its website . "  Impacts will likely vary by region , the sensitivity of populations , the extent and length of exposure to climate change impacts , and society 's ability to adapt to change . " The World Health Organization estimates climate change will cause an additional 250,000 deaths per year between 2030 and 2050 . "  Most will likely perish from malaria , diarrhea , heat exposure and under-nutrition . " "  Around the world , variations in climate are affecting , in profoundly diverse ways , the air we breathe , the food we eat , and the water we drink , " writes Dr. Maria Neira , director of the WHO 's public health and environment department . "  We are losing our capacity to sustain human life in good health . " "  Consider air pollution , the single greatest environmental health risk we face . In 2012 alone , exposure to indoor and outdoor pollutants killed more than 7 million people -- one in eight deaths worldwide . Under-nutrition already accounts for 3 million deaths each year in the world 's poorest regions . Rising temperatures and more variable rainfall patters are expected to reduce crop yields , further compromising food security . Floods are increasing in frequency and intensity , creating breeding grounds for disease-carrying insects . Mosquito-borne diseases , like malaria , are particularly sensitive to heat and humidity . What will happen if rising temperatures accelerate the lifecycle of the malaria parasite ? " "  Children and the elderly will be among the most vulnerable , " writes Neira . "  Areas with health infrastructure will be least able to cope . Developing countries will be hardest hit . The health gaps we have been trying hard to close may grow even wider . " Earth 's average temperature has risen by 1.4 degrees Fahrenheit over the past century , and is projected to rise an additional 2 degrees over the next hundred years , according to the EPA . "  Small changes in the average temperature of the planet can translate to large and potentially dangerous shifts in climate and weather , " the agency warns . "  Many places have seen changes in rainfall , resulting in more floods , droughts , or intense rain , as well as more frequent and severe heat waves . " Still , there exists a sizable group of people who doubt climate change is happening . "  Although climate scientists have been in the news describing this winter as a strong signal that global warming is producing extreme weather , Americans are no more likely today  55 %  than in the past two years to believe the effects of global warming are occurring , " according to a March Gallup poll . A 2013 TIME magazine article makes the case that medical professionals may be the best messengers for global warming . "  Framing global warming as a public health issue rather than as an environmental or national security one produces the most emotionally compelling response among people , since it focuses on the immediate implications a warmer climate would have on people 's lives , " the article says . "  This strategy also has the benefit of providing a sense of hope that the problems can be addressed and avoided , if action is taken early enough . " The President said what happened with Los Angeles ' air proved that point . "  When the Clean Air Act was passed , not only was there a terrible smog in Los Angeles , it was true in most metropolitan areas across the country , " Obama said . "  The fact is that air quality has dramatically improved and it 's been much cheaper than anybody expected , because technology advanced and people figured out how to do it . As a consequence , the American people are a lot healthier , in addition to being able to , you know , see the mountains in the background because it 's not covered in smog . " "  We know how to do this , " Obama said . "  We just have to be bold and recognize and trust the kind of innovative spirit that the American people have always displayed . "	President Obama attends Howard University roundtable on climate change and public health Linking climate change to how it affects a person 's health is a new way to talk about the subject
Hong Kong  CNN  -- For sale : Hong Kong apartment with sweeping sea views and three rooms , all signs of a recent grisly murder in the bathroom eliminated , will take offers between 15-20 % below market value . In Hong Kong , where superstitions can make or break a property deal , a real estate advertisement like this is not beyond the realms of the fantastic . With the local property market showing signs of cooling , almost every angle is worked to increase yields , and a trade in so-called haunted houses is now a visible feature of the market . "  There are a group of people that go around and bid on them , " explains Eric Wong , a realtor with Hong Kong 's Squarefoot.com.hk . "  Chinese people , especially in Hong Kong , do n't like houses where something unfortunate has happened . See a list of ` haunted houses ' at Squarefoot.com.hk "  This means they can sell for less , which makes the rental yields greater . The normal yields are between 3-4 % , but an apartment where there 's been a murder can get a yield of about 7 % , " he said . The apartment is then rented to someone who does not share the same set of beliefs -- normally a foreigner -- although some realtors say there are Chinese clients who do n't care and one even identifies doctors and nurses ` who are used to working around the dead ' as potential tenants . "  It often depends on the circumstances of the death and what stories and rumors are attached to it , " says Wong . Particularly gruesome murders or harrowing deaths can affect the market price of the whole floor of apartments ; in some cases , the entire building . "  There was a bad murder in an apartment block in Quarry Bay in Hong Kong , " he says . "  A wife killed her husband , cut the body into pieces and placed the parts in dustbins on every floor . Even 15 years later , apartments in that block are still difficult to sell . " For superstitious Hong Kongers , the building is hongza -- a term derived from the Cantonese word hong , meaning violence , murder or calamity , and za meaning residence . Hongza houses can sometimes sell for as low as 40 % below the city average , although 15-20 % is more usual . Wong says his company recently opened up a section on its website called Haunted House in response to the growing market . "  We were approached by agents who wanted to access this information more conveniently , " he says . The section , which details government data on unusual deaths and murders in apartment buildings across Hong Kong since 1977 , makes for macabre reading . One typical entry for an apartment block in Yuen Long reads : "  36-year-old female secondary school teacher faced a marriage crisis , jumped off the building after sending a text message to her husband . " With all the details rendered in the sparse language of a police log entry , one could be forgiven for thinking that Hong Kong life was a depressing litany of fatal misfortunes . However , realtors say an apartment is more or less hongza , depending on what happened there . "  I have heard of realtors using this list which identifies places from one skull , which is like a fatal accident , to four skulls which is a high-profile murder , " says Wong . "  But I think it 's really an unofficial thing . " One realtor , who did not want to be identified , told CNN that hongza tends to wear off , as the apartment changes hands . "  A subsequent owner will not attract as much bad luck as the first person who buys the flat after someone died there , " she says . "  Even so they can sometimes sell quickly -- I was just about to sell a hongza house to a client when another agent made a winning offer for a client . "  My client must have missed it by all of half an hour . " Despite their popularity among savvy bargain hunters , apartments where people have met violent or unusual ends are heavily stigmatised and banks will routinely run checks before lending on a hongza house , realtors say . Agents are legally required in Hong Kong to reveal to a buyer whether something has occurred on a property . "  A Lands Department search will show what has happened in an apartment , " says Wong . "  If we do n't reveal that to a buyer they can take action against the agent . " For those with deep pockets , however , and without a willing foreigner to take up a lease , the investment strategy is simply to wait it out . "  Time heals all wounds , " notes Hong Kong property speculator and blogger Mo Yu-Wen . "  As time goes on , though , fewer and fewer people will remember what happened and the value will go up again . "	Hong Kong people tend to shun houses where the occupant met a violent death The apartments are known as "  hongza " in Cantonese , meaning "  calamity houses " ' "  Hongza " apartments can sell at a steep discount , sometimes as much as 40 % Buyers still trade in the apartments , which can show a strong yield on the rental market
HONG KONG , China  CNN  -- In the decade since the 1997 handover of Hong Kong to China , local movie-makers have faced daunting changes in the industry . A trend of fewer films being produced each year in Hong Kong at the time of the handover has continued into the 21st century . Stephen Chow 's "  Shaolin Soccer " is one of Hong Kong 's all-time top-grossing films . People in Hong Kong 's industry point to several causes for the comparatively leaner times : a lack of opportunities for new acting talent , inadequate training and schooling for people who produce movies and changing tastes within the Hong Kong public . At the same time , local film-makers have had to refocus their cameras for a new audience : mainland China . "  The Hong Kong film industry came to a rude awakening -LSB- in the late 1990s -RSB- that the world was changing faster than it was in the age of new delivery systems for home entertainment and the Internet , " says Bede Cheng , a local film archivist and curator . "  Unfortunately , it seemed to be blinded by the ` golden age ' of the '80s , where any film could easily rack in over $ 1.3 million . " The box office numbers are sobering . In the early 1990s , Hong Kong released around 200 local features a year . By 1997 , that number dropped to 85 films grossing $ 69 million , according to the Hong Kong , Kowloon and New Territories Motion Picture Industry Association  MPIA  . By 2006 , those figures slumped to 51 films grossing $ 37 million . Ten years ago , the top 10 grossing films accounted for 47 percent of the total box-office return ; today , the portion is 58 percent . "  1997 , unfortunately , coincides with the beginning of the collapse of the local film industry -- a well-documented fact , " says screenwriter Jimmy Ngai . "  On the other hand , it also commenced the opening up of the mainland market . "  The result is that the industry has grown more and more accustomed to looking north for both investment and box return -- nothing political , but more of a survival instinct . What needs not to be spelt out for film-makers venturing north is that one plays according to what goes with the territory . " The new Chinese market has translated into an emphasis in contrasts of Hong Kong-made films , says film archivist Cheng . "  Today production is down , with many majors like Chinastar and Golden Harvest scaling back , " he says . "  Most films are high-end productions with big stars , or low-end made with a shoestring budget for an easier return . "  The number of screens is also down , with the consolidation of more multiplexes , usually owned or partly owned by distributors , which already have a steady supply of foreign films to fill the screens . Some once video distributors like Mei Ah and Universe have gone into production as a way to keep the pipeline flowing . " In 2006 , Hong Kong closed five small cinemas and re-opened one multiplex . Gary Mak , director of Broadway Cinematheque -- Hong Kong 's last-remaining alternative-screening venue -- remains optimistic about more adventurous programming and distribution . But Mak points to a shortage of creativity in the local industry . "  No talents , no formal training , in most areas such as script-writing , directing , acting , etc , " he says . "  Even the independent scene still needs more real talents -- or at least , real producers to pull together a really good project . " Tim Youngs , Hong Kong consultant for Italy 's Far East Film Festival , says changing tastes among Hong Kong movie-goers has also affected the industry . "  Audiences have become increasingly dismissive of local movies , often referring to them as poor quality , and there are much fewer paying cinemagoers these days . "  So the hometown audience shows less support for local movies , whether by not seeing local films or opting for piracy , while the declining number of films means less opportunities for film-makers , fewer chances to try out new things , and damage to confidence . " Elizabeth Kerr , film critic and curator formerly based in Seoul , South Korea , agrees with Youngs ' assessment . "  For all the risk-taking businessmen out there -LSB- in Hong Kong -RSB- , no one is willing to put their money where their mouth is and throw in some support . "  The industry for the most part suffers from the cleave between that fluff -- which makes money -- and the more adult film-making of the smaller studios , distributors and indies . " How is South Korea 's film industry different from its Hong Kong counterpart ? "  The drive to attain world adoration , " Kerr says . "  Koreans truly believe they 're making great art all the time . South Korea launched an active campaign on all levels -- corporate , government , education -- to train and cultivate a modern film industry . " Still , Kerr sees reason for optimism . Films that best retain a Hong Kong style , Kerr maintains , likely carry "  Category III "  under 18 not allowed  ratings : Movies that are "  grown up and smart , " she says . "  Even if the films do n't work , someone tried . " In the end , it may be culture that poses one of the greatest challenges for Hong Kong 's movie industry . "  Around 1997 , like lots of Hong Kong people , I kind of lost myself , " says independent film-maker Chan Wing-chiu . "  The film industry was already almost dead in the '90s . Why work for a sunset industry ? " Chan 's own first feature in 2005 , "  A Side , B Side , Sea Side , " includes a scene with a gaggle of girls on Hong Kong 's Cheung Chau island who are unable to communicate in Chinese with an Australian man speaking fluent Mandarin . The two parties end up conversing in English . "  That 's me , " says Chan , referring to the girls . "  I speak English better than Putonghua -LSB- China 's official common language , also known as Mandarin -RSB- . Many Chinese say that now that Hong Kong is part of China , Hong Kong people must learn Putonghua . I disagree . In Hong Kong we all speak Cantonese . Hong Kong already has a bad reputation for Putonghua , but I do n't feel ashamed . I 'm proud to have grown up during the transition between 1997 and SAR . "  Why do we have so many problems with China ? Because our language , our culture , our values , our way of thinking are different . So we are not good at speaking Putonghua . Even in the cinema , we see Western movies , Japanese movies , Korean movies ... but not many Chinese movies . " Adds independent director Yan-yan Mak : "  We are monsters . China says : ` You are not Chinese . ' Gweilos -LSB- Hong Kong slang for Caucasians -RSB- say : ` You are Chinese . ' After 1997 , we lost the confidence to be Hong Kong people . " E-mail to a friend	Hong Kong film production has dropped almost 75 percent since early 1990s Mainland investment and market influences quality of Hong Kong films Problems include few opportunities for new talents and little audience support
Toluca , Mexico  CNN  -- For decades , Richard St. Denis has advocated for the rights of Americans who , like him , are living with a disability . But the attorney from Colorado saw his life shift in 1997 , when he was invited to speak in Mexico . "  I was asked to bring one wheelchair to give to somebody , " he remembers . "  As I was waiting for the program to begin , I was shocked to see people using branches for crutches , being pushed in wheelbarrows and crawling . " The lone wheelchair went to Leti Elizale Marcial , a 17-year-old suffering from polio . She had never walked a day in her life , and she was carried around daily by her mother . "  I saw how happy she was , but I looked around and saw the other people that had nothing , " St. Denis said . "  Their life was going to be exactly the same , and one wheelchair was not enough . I just felt someone had to come and help . " So once a year from 1997 until 2004 , St. Denis would load a van with 10 to 15 donated wheelchairs and drive 30 hours -- from Colorado to Mexico -- to distribute them to people with disabilities . Now , he has a permanent residence in the country and a nonprofit , World Access Project , that provides custom-fit wheelchairs , walkers and canes to people in rural Mexican communities . "  We want to distribute the more than 75,000 wheelchairs we estimate get thrown away in the U.S. every year , " said St. Denis , 56 . "  What we call our trash becomes their riches , and it makes an incredible difference in their lives . " The used wheelchairs are collected from hospitals , nursing homes , medical supply businesses and individual donors from across the United States . With help from a U.S.-based nonprofit , Hope Haven , the wheelchairs are refurbished by senior citizen volunteers and prison inmates in Iowa before being shipped to Mexico . St. Denis ' group also began purchasing mobility equipment from a company in Mexico that makes wheelchairs designed for use on the country 's rough terrain . Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2011 CNN Heroes St. Denis said the wheelchairs provide recipients with more independence , access to job opportunities and the chance to pursue a social life . "  Before it , I did n't know anyone ; I was in the house , " said Marcial , who is now 32 . "  After I got my chair , it was like I was born again . I went out , and I got to know other people with disabilities when I 'd thought I was the only one . I also started working , and I have my own house now . I 'm married , and my 2-year-old girl thinks of Richard like a grandfather . I really am thankful for all of his support . " The mission of World Access Project goes beyond a one-time gift . "  We do n't just give them a wheelchair and say , ` Adios , ' " St. Denis said . "  We develop relationships , and we teach people how to use the chair -- not just as something to sit in . Volunteers from the United States come down a few times a year to help make the recipients ' homes more wheelchair-accessible , and we host classes and camps to teach people how to play sports with their chairs . " St. Denis has become a familiar face throughout Mexico , where an estimated 2 million people have some form of disability , according to a government housing census . He is frequently welcomed into homes and greeted kindly wherever he goes , and he has formed relationships with other organizations that serve people with disabilities . He believes his project 's popularity is due , in great part , to a personal connection to the people he serves . "  I understand what they 're going through , and they know I understand , " St. Denis said . "  We 're conquerors of the limitations in our life . " In 1976 , St. Denis fell while skiing in Lake Tahoe , California . The result was a severed spinal cord , a surgery-filled hospital stay and the rest of his life in a wheelchair . "  I thought  it  was a horrible tragedy , " said St. Denis , who was an airplane mechanic in the Air Force at the time . "  I woke up every morning wishing I was dead ... angry at God for taking the ability to walk away from me . ... I just stopped wanting anything for my life . " St. Denis rejected most forms of assistance from anyone . But with time -- and inspiration from a wheelchair-bound veteran he befriended -- he eventually "  adjusted " and found a new purpose . St. Denis said he is now content and comfortable in Mexico , where he lives and works for 10 months out of the year . But he acknowledges that he has received some criticism from friends and family in the United States . "  People say , ` it 's too dangerous in Mexico ; why do you go there to help when you can help people in the United States ? ' " he said . "  I feel like God has called me to do this . They need a presence here , and what I 'm doing is teaching other people so that when the day comes when I ca n't come to Mexico anymore , the people of Mexico will continue doing this work . That would be the biggest dream that I could ever imagine . " Through World Access Project , St. Denis has helped more than 500 people in Mexico . He has also made lifelong friendships and learned that personal losses can be used to transform the lives of others . "  One day , someone said , ` Richard , I want to thank you for giving up your legs so we could have a better quality of life , ' " St. Denis said . "  I did n't intentionally give up my legs , but I feel like I gave up something to help other people . I know people 's lives are getting better in Mexico . I feel really great to be part of that . " Want to get involved ? Check out the World Access Project website at www.worldaccessproject.org and see how to help .	Richard St. Denis helps provide free wheelchairs for people in rural Mexico The wheelchairs are collected from the U.S. , refurbished and custom-fit St. Denis ' group also teaches people how to use their chairs and maximize their quality of life Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2011 CNN Heroes
United Nations  CNN  -- The United Nations ' secretary-general called once again Wednesday for a cessation of violence in Syria and for international action . "  In Syria , more than 5,000 people are dead . This can not go on , " Ban Ki-moon told reporters during his annual year-end news conference . "  In the name of humanity , it is time for the international community to act . " Ban told reporters he had given to the U.N. Security Council a report released by the Human Rights Council earlier this month detailing widespread abuses by the Syrian government . U.N. action on Syria has remained deadlocked in the Security Council , where China and Russia , among others , remain skeptical about the need for them to become involved . In October , the two countries issued a rare double veto of a toothless resolution condemning the violence in Syria . Refugees seek shelter in Lebanon The U.S. State Department singled out Russia on Tuesday for holding up action against Syria . "  We think it is past time for the U.N. Security Council to speak up , " State Department spokeswomen Victoria Nuland said . At issue is the so-called "  responsibility to protect " -- the idea that the international community has an obligation to shield civilians from violence by their own government . It was an idea invoked for the first time by the Security Council in the March resolution that authorized military intervention in Libya . Some members of the Security Council , including China and Russia , have since expressed concern that NATO overstepped the mandate of the Libya resolution . The secretary-general strongly rejected that proposition Wednesday , saying the resolution was "  strictly enforced . " "  These changes of regime were done by the people , not by the intervention of any foreign forces or the United Nations , " Ban said of the Arab Spring . He said he was "  encouraged " by the Security Council 's use of the responsibility to protect principle . "  We played an essential role in the liberation of Libya , " he said . "  We stand ready to continue to help Tunisia and Egypt at their request . " Ban rejected criticism that he had not paid enough attention to the negative implications of the Arab Spring for women and minorities . Pressure grows for intervention "  From beginning of this Arab Spring , whenever I had an opportunity of speaking or meeting with Arab leaders , I made it quite pointedly this role of women , " he said . "  It 's not just lip service . " Ban also drew parallels between the Arab Spring and the Occupy Wall Street Movement . Industrialization and globalization has created a global "  gap " between rich and poor , especially among women and youths , he said . "  I have thought , with my senior advisers , very seriously how United Nations can be relevant , and can be helpful , in addressing these issues , " he said .	"  It is time for the international community to act " in Syria , Ban Ki-moon says The United Nations played "  essential role in Libya , " he says Ban draws a parallel between Occupy Wall Street and Arab Spring
CNN  -- Top Democrats in the House are giving no credence to those looking for a real scandal over a lewd picture that appeared on the Twitter account of New York Congressman Anthony Weiner . California 's Nancy Pelosi , the House minority leader , stuck to her party 's main legislative focus Thursday -- "  Medicare , Medicare , Medicare . " When questioned as to whether the situation was turning into a distraction , Pelosi replied "  That 's your problem . If that 's what 's important to you , then that 's what you 'll report . That 's not what 's important to us . " Weiner has insisted that he did not post the photo , which shows the lower body of a man wearing underwear . The image appeared briefly on the New York representative 's Twitter account Friday night . Weiner says he does n't know where the picture came from and he believes his account was hacked as a prank . He told reporters Wednesday that he has hired a private firm to investigate . Weiner told CNN Thursday that he intends to "  get back to work doing the job that I 'm paid to do . " House Minority Whip Steny Hoyer , D-Maryland , said he wanted to go over the facts before offering comments . He said it was a serious issue , and that it is important to maintain privacy . On the other side of the spectrum , Donald Trump , who recently considered a presidential run , weighed in on the issue . He told CNN 's Piers Morgan that Weiner is either "  incompetent " or "  lying . " The conservative blogger who broke the story has been calling for a full investigation of what he describes as either the hacking of a congressman 's account or something Weiner wants to hide . Andrew Breitbart runs the conservative website biggovernment.com , which first reported the photo on Weiner 's Twitter account . He has told CNN that the case warrants further inquiry by the FBI and U.S. Capitol Police . It was Breitbart who posted the heavily edited and incomplete video of a speech by U.S. Agriculture Department employee Shirley Sherrod last year . The version he placed online suggested that she refused to offer her full help to a white farmer and Sherrod was forced to resign . A full version of the speech showed that Sherrod had assisted the farmer , who later came forward and credited Sherrod with helping save his farm . Sherrod has since filed a civil suit , accusing Breitbart of defamation , false light and infliction of emotional distress , according to a statement issued by the law firm representing her . Breitbart.com is also named as a co-defendant in a lawsuit filed by the Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now , or ACORN , over secretly recorded videos that proved deeply embarrassing to the agency . The video shows two conservative activists , posing as a pimp and prostitute , seeking advice from ACORN workers on setting up a brothel . The videos , which were posted on Breitbart 's website , prompted a groundswell of action against the organization , including a limited investigation by the U.S. Department of Justice and a slashing of funds from the federal government and several states .	Democratic legislators dismiss questions over Twitter photo Nancy Pelosi : "  If that 's what 's important to you , that 's what you 'll report " Donald Trump says Rep. Anthony Weiner is either "  incompetent " or "  lying " Conservative blogger Andrew Breitbart wants an investigation
As millions of Americans gather in their homes for the holidays , there will be those who will congregate in a different kind of home . An abode common to other parts of the world now proliferates across America : Tent cities . The total number of homeless people residing in tents and makeshift homes is unknown . Many of these communities are small and hidden from public view , while others claim hundreds of residents and are sprinkled through major urban areas . Some , like those tucked under roadways , are temporary and relocate frequently . Their conditions are vile , unsanitary and fail to provide refuge from storms and winds . Then there are communities , such as Dignity Village in Portland , Oregon , that have a more sustained presence . The 13-year-old "  ecovillage " set up by homeless people is hygienic and self-sufficient . Preliminary findings by The National Law Center on Homelessness and Poverty show that tent cities have been documented in almost every state , and they 're growing . A report released by the U.S. Conference of Mayors , for example , found that homelessness and hunger rates are rising , culminating in 47 million Americans living below the poverty line . A fledgling economic recovery , high unemployment and contracting government services are largely to blame . So is the paucity -- or paradox -- of affordable housing . While homelessness is increasing , more than 10 % of homes in America are empty . Emergency services , meanwhile , are n't filling the void . Homeless families and single adults are routinely turned away by shelter homes because of lack of bed space . Tent cities are an organic , last resort response to crushing economic circumstances . Yet , rather than ameliorating the conditions that give rise to these communities , many states and municipalities are cracking down . While some encampments are legally sanctioned or permitted to operate on church grounds , officials routinely invoke prohibitions against public camping and sleeping to disband these encampments , leaving tenants languishing out in the cold . Epithets suggesting that homeless people are mentally ill , lazy , criminal , violent or some combination thereof only fuels the fire . These accusations are largely urban myth . Most homeless people do not suffer from mental illness or drug abuse . Many homeless people have jobs but simply ca n't afford housing . Some tent cities , for example , cater to local economies , and many of their residents are gainfully employed . Homeless people also tend to be the victims of countless hate crimes , even though they are a protected class under numerous state hate crime statutes . Lost in this shameful rhetoric is the fact that the right to housing is a bedrock of international law and protected by U.S. law . Some courts have held that tearing down camps when no alternative is available amounts to cruel and unusual punishment and a deprivation of property without due process of law . That we can even stroll through our cities while some of the residents languish in squalor is hard to believe . A few decades ago , tent cities would have been unimaginable . In 1964 , a group of researchers famously roamed the parks of New York City and found only one homeless man . Fifty years later , homelessness in New York City has reached a record high . The same can be said for much of America : Homelessness has doubled since the 1980s . Those who declare that we 're close to ending poverty just need to look around and see the victims of the Great Recession . Tent cities are an ugly reminder of America 's growing income inequalities . Yet , in the absence of meaningful economic reform , these self-reliant communities must not be dismantled . Nor should they be forgotten . For in sanctioning them , we risk capitulating to the epidemic of poverty and shifting our public policy from eliminating poverty to accommodating it . This is already happening in other parts of the world . In Mumbai , India , for example , slums freckle the landscape like skyscrapers . But sprouting from the dilapidation are antennas and electrical wires . Some of the housing units have electricity , cable programming and mail delivery . And so the discussion no longer concerns extricating human beings from the slums but making the slums more habitable . We must not succumb to America 's great divide . Doing so is n't just a repudiation of the downtrodden ; it 's a stain on our national consciousness .	Arjun Sethi : As Americans go home for the holidays , some homeless go to tent cities Sethi : Tent cities , either makeshift or more permanent , proliferate across America He says instead of helping the homeless , states are cracking down on these communities Sethi : Tent cities are a reminder of America 's growing income inequalities
New York  CNN  -- "  Is capitalism really about the ability of a handful of rich people to manipulate the lives of thousands of people and then walk off with the money ? " "  The 1 % is doing fine . I want to help the 99 % . " The above statements are the type you might expect to hear at an Occupy Wall Street protest . But they were n't uttered there . Instead , the first was from Newt Gingrich and the second was from Mitt Romney . We now have a war of words launched at the 1 % by the 1 % -- or in the case of Mitt Romney , the .01 % . These type of populist attacks escalated in the last few days as Gingrich criticized Romney for living "  in a world of Swiss bank accounts and Cayman Island accounts " and for earning "  $ 20 million a year income with no work . " What 's going on here ?! Have we been transported to some "  Bizarro World " where everything is backward ? Since when does the Republican Party care about income equality ? The answer is simple : These issues are now resonating with voters . More than 60 % of voters support policies addressing income inequality . Indeed , an even higher number support raising taxes on the wealthiest Americans . In 1992 , Bill Clinton 's then-campaign manager , James Carville , famously hung a sign in the campaign office to remind Clinton to focus on the most pressing issue of that presidential race : "  It 's the economy , stupid . " Today , that sign would be updated to read : "  It 's the income inequality , stupid . " Over the last 10 years , American families have become poorer with the median household income dropping by 7 % . Some have termed this a "  Lost Decade " as prices have risen , but our buying power has shrunk . And just as alarming , the number of Americans living in poverty has risen to more than 46 million people , its highest rate since 1993 . At the same time , the rich have become richer . A recent study found the income of the top 1 % of Americans almost tripled from 1979 to 2007 , increasing by 275 % . This means the gap between the wealthy and the rest of us in America is growing . The only time in America 's history that we have witnessed this type of chasm between the wealthy and poor was shortly before the Great Depression . But as former Labor Secretary Robert Reich detailed in his book "  Aftershock , " economic growth can only be sustained for prolonged periods of time when the gap between the rich and poor is narrowed . As Reich notes , the top 1 % -- no matter how wealthy they become -- can not alone fuel our consumer-driven economy . Only a vibrant middle class can accomplish that . If we continue down this path of greater income inequality , I fear the unthinkable could occur : the death of the American dream . "  The American dream " -- at least to me -- is that each generation has the opportunity to live a better life than the one before . Thankfully , we have not been a nation shackled with a socioeconomic caste system . Instead , America has offered the prospect of economic mobility . It is this promise that has inspired Americans to dream big . The American dream has also inspired millions to immigrate to this nation . My Palestinian father and Sicilian grandparents crossed many oceans to live in a country that offered them opportunity . They both were born in places where if you were n't rich by birth , your prospects for climbing the social ladder were low -- indeed , it would have been cruel even to harbor such dreams since there was almost no chance of realizing them . But America offered them a place to dream . Years ago I heard U2 's Bono sum up the difference between the United States and other nations when it came to economic opportunity . His quote has stayed with me ever since : "  In the United States , you look at the guy that lives in the mansion on the hill , and you think , you know , one day , if I work really hard , I could live in that mansion . In Ireland , people look up at the guy in the mansion on the hill and go , ` One day , I 'm going to get that bastard . ' " Will we become a nation where our destiny is no longer based on our actions , but on the happenstance of the economic tier we are born into ? A nation where we view the wealthy with contempt ? The wealthy paying their fair share of taxes should not be a partisan issue . History has shown that policies to promote greater income equality are good for all Americans both economically and because they preserve the American dream that the rich , the poor -- and everyone in between -- can not only dream but can also achieve a better life for themselves and their family . Join the conversation on Facebook . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dean Obeidallah .	Newt Gingrich criticizes Mitt Romney 's brand of capitalism ; Romney urges help for 99 % Dean Obeidallah says GOP talks of income inequality because Americans want to address it He says America has long been a place of economic opportunity Obeidallah : Will Americans ' destiny be based on the economic tier they 're born into ?
Creigh Deeds remembers turning his back just before his son attacked him , stabbing the Virginia state senator multiple times . Deeds had gone out to the barn to feed the horses . His son , Austin "  Gus " Deeds , came across the yard . "  I said , ` Hey bud , how 'd you sleep ? ' He said , ` fine . ' I turned my back ... and he was just on me , " Deeds told CBS ' "  60 Minutes " in an interview that aired Sunday night . "  I said , ` Gus , I love you so much . ' I said , ` Do n't make this any worse than it is . ' He just kept coming at me . " Deputies called to Deeds ' home day before fatal fight Less than 24 hours before the November 19 stabbing , Deeds ' son had undergone an evaluation by mental health professionals while he was under an emergency custody order . Officials reportedly had to release Gus , 24 , because no psychiatric bed was available and an individual could only be held under emergency custody for up to six hours . "  The system failed my son , " Deeds said he told a representative of the county agency that manages mental health care . "  I was concerned that if he came home there was going to be a crisis , " Deeds told "  60 Minutes . " After Newtown , mental health gains prominence in gun debate That night , Deeds and his son sat at opposite ends of a dining room table at the residence in Millboro . Deeds ate while Gus wrote furiously in his journal . "  I felt like there 'd be a confrontation but I did n't , I had no reason to think there 'd be violence , " Deeds said . The next morning , Gus stabbed his father in the chest and head . He then turned a gun on himself and died . Deeds still bears scars on his face . In spite of the attack , he told "  60 Minutes " that Gus was a "  great kid . ... perfect son . " He said he hopes that his son is not defined by his illness and that his life will have a positive impact . The Democratic lawmaker has introduced legislation that targets mental health services in the commonwealth . His agenda for the 2014 session includes proposals that would create a psychiatric bed registry and expand the time limit for emergency custody orders . "  I want people to remember the brilliant , friendly , loving kid that was Gus Deeds , " his father said . "  We 'll use Gus , I hope , to address mental health and to make sure that other people do n't have to suffer through this . " Creigh Deeds : ' I am alive for a reason '	Sen. Creigh Deeds was stabbed multiple times by his son , Gus "  I turned my back ... and he was just on me , " Deeds tells "  60 Minutes " He says he hopes other families do n't have to suffer what his has
CNN  -- For many months Syria 's rebels have begged the international community to supply them with the weapons they say they need to overthrow President Bashar al-Assad . Now , their desperate pleas for help are one step closer to becoming reality after the EU lifted its arms embargo on Syrian rebels , clearing the way for European countries wishing to try to level the playing field in a horrific civil war that has claimed the lives of more than 70,000 people . But can EU weapons turn the tide in the rebels ' favor in Syria , or is it already too late ? CNN examines the core questions behind the announcement . Why has the embargo ended and what does it mean ? The weapons embargo on Syrian rebels , along with a series of other Syria-related bans and sanctions , was scheduled to expire on Saturday . But while the EU 's 27 member countries were able to reach the required consensus to extend all other bans , Britain and France refused to agree to an extension of the arms embargo . The lifting of the embargo comes with conditions -- EU countries wishing to send weapons to Syria 's rebels may only send them to the moderate Syrian National Coalition and the affiliated Free Syrian Army , and they may only be used to protect civilians , according to a statement from the EU . LATEST : Lebanon ` hit by rockets from Syria ' While the ban will technically be lifted on Saturday , it is expected that the earliest EU countries would send weapons to the rebels would be August , so as not to imperil the prospects of a U.S. and Russian-brokered peace conference scheduled to take place in Geneva in June . What countries would send weapons ? Britain and France led efforts to lift the embargo . Both nations suggested joining countries such as Qatar in providing weapons to rebels , arguing such a step would strengthen moderate rebels and make them less reliant on well-armed extremists in their ranks . "  It was important for Europe to send a clear signal to the Assad regime that it has to negotiate seriously , and that all options remain on the table if it refuses to do so , " British Foreign Secretary William Hague said in a statement . But the lengthy negotiations over the arms ban to rebels exposed the deep divisions in EU countries ' foreign policies -- with Britain and France arguing forcefully to lift the embargo , while nations including Austria and Sweden expressed fear that more weapons will only make the bloodbath in Syria worse . Q&A : Is Syrian war escalating to wider conflict ? What kind of weapons would be sent ? EU countries are free to send what they like to Syria 's rebels , according to CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh -- provided the weapons go to the Free Syrian Army and can be justified as protecting a civilian population . Western countries could conceivably provide rebels with small arms and ammunition . But they 're unlikely to provide rebels with the arms they need most -- like portable shoulder-launched surface-to-air missiles  MANPADS  to counter Assad 's domination of Syrian air -- out of fear they 'll fall into the hands of radical Islamic militant groups such as al Nusra Front , which the U.S. says is affiliated with al Qaeda . Without anti-aircraft missiles or heavier armor-piercing ammunition , experts say it 's unlikely that the rebels will be able to win the war . "  So far it 's the Assad government 's ability to use air power against rebel held territory that 's really insured the insurgency ca n't make any significant gains , " said Charles Lister , an analyst at IHS Jane 's Terrorism and Insurgency Centre . "  Unless they send really significant weapons like MANPADS , I find it hard to imagine that any other provision of weapons will turn the tide of the conflict . " When Syrian rebels have obtained anti-aircraft and anti-tank guided missiles  ATGMs  in the past they 've been very effective , according to Lister , who says social media and militant group videos appeared to reveal an influx of Yugoslavian anti-tank weapons into rebel hands in southern Syria earlier this year via Jordan . "  The ATGMs had a fairly significant impact on the conflict in the short term , in that they did allow rebels to take out tanks more effectively than they 'd been able to previously , " Lister told CNN . "  But these weapons very quickly went into the hands of militant Islamic groups like al-Nusra . " Opinion : Syrian hostilities bring Middle East catastrophe closer How to get the weapons into the country ? There are two main routes to get weapons to rebels in Syria , says Lister -- through the northern Turkish border or through the southern Jordanian border . Smuggling weapons via Turkey is unlikely , however , because northern Syria 's insurgency is dominated by the kind of radical militant groups the West is trying to avoid arming . Jordan 's strong ties to the West , its stability , and its links to the Free Syrian Army make it the most likely place to smuggle weapons through , says Lister . "  In 2012 the FSA coordinated several high profile defections whereby the group 's militants transported senior government officials across the border into Jordan . There have also been unverified reports that a small core group of FSA members have been receiving military training in northern Jordan . All of that would tend to suggest that if weapons were to be sent through to militants , they would go by Jordan , " he said . How can EU countries prevent extremists from obtaining the weapons ? It is nearly impossible to prevent extremists from gaining possession of weapons once they 're smuggled into Syria , according to Fawaz Gerges , Director of the Middle East Centre at the London School of Economics . "  Once you deliver weapons into a theater of operation , no one can have control or track who takes ownership of the weapons , " Gerges said . "  Britain and France are aware the weapons could fall into the wrong hands , but they 're willing to take a risk . " This risk has n't panned out before -- Lister says that the heavy Yugoslavian arms that allegedly flowed to rebel forces in Daraa , southern Syria around the turn of the year quickly wound up in the hands of radical militants in northern cities battling alongside the moderates in Aleppo . "  The conflict is so interdependent -- in all local theaters across the country , FSA and other moderate groups regularly coordinate with groups like al-Nusra . It 's unrealistic to expect that a foreign state could provide weapons to one group and never expect the weapons to appear in other groups ' hands . " Gerges says the greatest fear is that a radical group could use EU weapons to attack civilian or Western interests within Syria : "  One major incident , for instance the targeting of a civilian aircraft , would change the whole conflict and have major ramifications . " Interactive : War not only about Syria Is the lifting of the EU embargo a game changer for Syria ? Without an influx of heavy weaponry , experts say the lifting of the embargo wo n't change the reality on the ground : Assad 's regime is on the offensive , and the influx of Hezbollah fighters from Lebanon means there is little the rebels can do to slow their progress at the moment . The real goal of the EU announcement , Gerges said , is to try to "  maximize the chances of a diplomatic breakthrough " at the upcoming Geneva peace talks -- if the talks go ahead . "  The logic is to exert pressure on Assad and change his calculations . Britain , France and the U.S. want it to be an instrument to exert pressure at the negotiating table and get Assad to be genuine and serious about political talks . But without direct American involvement in the conflict , neither Assad nor his allies will take the EU decision very seriously . " The irony of the situation , Gerges said , is that while the U.S. President Barack Obama wants Europe and/or Syria 's neighbors to "  take ownership " of the conflict , no country will do that without the United States taking a leadership role on Syria . "  The announcement is not a game-changer , " Gerges told CNN . "  I doubt very much whether it will make a difference in the raging struggle inside Syria . " Will the embargo 's lifting turn the conflict into a regional war ? Those opposed to lifting the embargo say it could escalate the flow of weapons into Syria from all sides -- a fear that was realized hours after the announcement when Russia declared it would send sophisticated S-300 surface-to-air missiles to the Syrian government in accordance with a contract signed several years ago . "  We believe that moves like this one to a great degree restrain some hotheads from escalating the conflict to the international scale , from involving external forces , " said Foreign Minister Sergey Ryabkov , according to the state-run Russia Today news agency . Between Russian arms shipments to the regime , Hezbollah fighters pouring into the country to support government troops , and the lifting of the embargo on Syrian rebels , Gerges says the regional war is already here . "  The conflict in Syria has gone too far ; it has mutated from an internal conflict to a regional war by proxy . So even if Britain and France decide to arm the opposition today , not in August , Russia and Iran will deepen their involvement in Syria and counterbalance any move by the EU , " he told CNN . "  The EU 's announcement is a simplistic reading of a complex situation , because we 're beyond that with Assad . This is a war to the bitter end . This is a zero-sum game . " CNN Wires and CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh contributed to this report .	EU announces it has lifted arms embargo on Syrian rebels Britain , France can now send weapons to rebels fighting government of Bashar al-Assad Gerges : Announcement is not a game-changer , wo n't make difference on the ground Gerges : Syrian conflict has mutated into a regional war between West , Russia , Iran
Why play one sport when you can play two at the same time ? That was the question a number of like-minded individuals were asking themselves , circa 2006 . And it is thanks to the vision of these select few that the sport of FootGolf -- a game , unsurprisingly , combining elements of football and golf -- was born and has been spreading its way around the globe ever since . One of those men was Mike O'Connor , who today combines the roles of president of the Federation for International FootGolf  FIFG  and president of UK FootGolf . "  I just knew FootGolf would be a bit of a no-brainer for the amount of golf courses there are , as well as the number of golfers and footballers , " O'Connor told CNN of a game that involves players kicking a football around a golf course , complete with bigger holes . "  I always thought it would take off . So it was just a question of waiting for the right time to get involved with it all really . " After years in production , O'Connor would bring the sport to the UK -- where there are now over 10,000 active players -- and set up UK FootGolf in 2012 . Yet it is a Dutchman called Michael Jansen who is credited with the title of founding father of the game . "  He created what we do today , " O'Connor said . "  He created everything , from how the game is played , down to the look of the players . Everything . " Kicking around a new idea Jansen , now an FIFG ambassador , held the first FootGolf competition in the Netherlands in 2008 , after hearing of a unique idea from friend and former professional footballer Willem Korsten . Korsten had played an early interpretation of the game during his days at Tottenham Hotspur , when he and his teammates would attempt to kick a football from the training pitch back to the changing rooms in as little time as possible . The mere invention of FootGolf seems to be a natural progression , given that football and golf have long shared a close relationship . Footballers are well known for playing golf in their spare time , so perhaps it is no surprise that FootGolf has proved such a hit with those hailing from a footballing background -- 70 % of people who have taken up the sport have been footballers . While there is obviously the relaxing aspect of walking around a golf course on a sunny day , former English Premier League player Bryan Hughes also feels that the sport represents another opportunity for footballers to flex their competitive muscles . "  There is that challenge when playing golf . As sportsmen , we 've all got that in our lockers . We want to challenge each other , we want to challenge ourselves and obviously be the best . That 's why footballers turn to golf , " he told CNN . "  It can be a challenge if you want , but I think it 's good that you can actually have it as a casual game as well . Some footballers play golf but do it as a hobby , to relax and wind down , and escape from the pressures of a football match on a Saturday . " But while golf is in good health when it comes to attracting footballers , the sport has lost players in recent years -- According to a report in The New York Times , a recent survey by the U.S. National Golf Foundation estimated the game has lost five million in the last decade , with 20 % of the existing 25 million golfers likely to quit in the next few years . Many feel the game takes too long to play , is too difficult to learn and has too many complicated rules , which has led to a number of new alternatives being introduced to help boost a sport in decline . Such concerns have led to the introduction on golf courses of 15 inch-wide holes -- about four times the width of a standard hole -- a relaxation in the game 's rules , and of course , FootGolf . Gaining a worldwide foothold Since Jansen 's inaugural competition -- open to a mix of Dutch and Belgian professional footballers -- the sport has gone from strength to strength . Three countries formed the FIFG in June 2012 for the first ever World Cup in Budapest , Hungary , while today the world governing body boasts 22 different member nations , ranging from South Africa to Argentina . "  A lot of people are getting involved and loving the sport . It 's definitely the fun element that attracts people to it , " O'Connor said . "  It catches such a large demographic because it 's such a low skill level to be able to play . You 've just got to be able to kick a ball . " And it is the sport 's ability to appeal to all that means a FootGolf course somewhere has likely played host to either a family visit , a first date , a corporate business trip or even , as was the case in the UK , an 81-year-old grandmother 's day out with her grandson . But while there is little doubting the game 's capacity to attract members from most walks of life , O'Connor feels luring newcomers at a young age is truly pivotal to FootGolf 's future and its capability to grow as a sport . "  When I first set up FootGolf I knew a lot of people would want to play the sport , and I knew I would n't be alone in liking the idea of playing football on a golf course , " he said . "  But I was always conscious of the next level . "  I knew it would take off with adults , but we started looking at how the sport could continue to grow and grow . And if you get the youngsters involved you 're going to still be going in 10 , 20 , 30 years ' time , and you 'll be continuing to build , develop and progress . " Much to O'Connor 's surprise , since its introduction , the sport seems to have struck a particular chord with junior football coaches . There has been an overwhelming response from these coaches , who have contacted UK FootGolf to explain that the game is the perfect way to help youngsters focus on their passing and shooting . So much so , that the governing body has taken the steps to set up its very own UK FootGolf Academy Scheme , due to start for business in May , and headed up by Hughes , who previously played for Birmingham City , Charlton Athletic and Hull City and is now a player-assistant manager at Scarborough Athletic . The scheme is currently being worked on with UK-based 1st4sport -- who develop training qualifications for the likes of the English Football Association and the English Rugby Football Union -- and will range from including holiday camps for kids to qualification courses for future coaches . Hughes will take on the role of academy director , and like O'Connor , he feels the scheme can help to push the boundaries of FootGolf even further . "  The concept of FootGolf is something that really appeals to me and I 'm sure there is a massive amount of people that would really want to get involved with the Academy Scheme . The potential there is huge and it is something that I 'm really looking forward to , " Hughes said . "  I do n't think a lot of kids get the right sort of education when it comes to sport , I think they just want to kick the ball against a wall nowadays . They need direction and for somebody to really push them a little , to get them right up there and become the best they really can be . The scheme will give you that platform . " As well as furthering the profile of the sport , the Academy Scheme will be hoping to produce some of the FootGolfers of tomorrow . A tour de force The FIGC currently stages a European Tour , with each of its different 22 member nations holding their own tournament throughout the year . Some of the world 's finest players go from competition to competition looking to accumulate points , before a European champion is eventually crowned at the final stage in Portugal in November . "  Players travel from country to country because they love FootGolf and they love trying different courses , " O'Connor said . "  There 's quite a small , but cult , following of people that do this . They all want to get ranked and be known as a good FootGolfer , not just in their own country but around the world . " There are also a number of domestic tournaments taking place each year on various courses across the globe . The U.S. currently leads the way when it comes to different courses with 90 , while the UK , now boasting 30 , has made impressive progress to move up to second , given it had just two at the beginning of 2013 . With FootGolf continuing to make huge strides both at home and abroad , O'Connor has high hopes for the sport and feels the sky is most certainly the limit . "  In five years ' time , every country in the world that has got golf courses will be a member of the Federation for International FootGolf , " O'Connor said . "  With the amount of inquiries we are getting from all over the place , I have no doubt about that . "  We 've got somebody in Togo asking us about joining the FIFG . They 've only got one golf course in Togo , and they 're talking about putting FootGolf on it ! That 's how big an impact the sport is having around the world . " Read more : A golf club with more eagles than most	FootGolf is played in a number of countries around the world The Federation for International FootGolf boasts 22 member nations UK FootGolf set to introduce its own UK FootGolf Academy Scheme
CNN  -- Delaware Gov. Jack Markell 's office apologized Thursday for a tweet containing a link to a racy photo of a woman wearing what appears to be leather straps around her neck and chest . "  An inappropriate photo was inadvertently sent out earlier . We are looking into how this occurred but apologize to anyone who was offended , " Markell 's Twitter account read . His office deleted the tweet 17 minutes after it was posted , but Politwoops , a website that documents deleted tweets by politicians , captured the original tweet with the link : "  At Warner E.S. in #WilmDE to announce new initiative to support many of #netDE 's most disadvantaged students PHOTO : http://ow.ly/i/6M3N " Markell 's office sent out a longer statement Thursday attempting to clarify the situation . The statement said the link was supposed to be a photo "  that had just been uploaded to the internet of the Governor 's education announcement . " "  While the tweet was being edited , the auto-generated link for the picture was inadvertently altered , " the statement continued . "  As a result , the picture linked to the tweet was a random , unrelated , and inappropriate picture that has been on the internet since 2010 , and not the just-uploaded picture of the event . The tweet was deleted and we apologize for the error . " His office added a touch of humor about the situation . "  The lessons here are not to compose tweets too quickly and there is a lot of odd stuff on the internet , " the statement read . "  We just wish the accidental link had been a cat video . " Earlier this week , Texas Gov. Rick Perry also apologized for what he described as an "  unauthorized " tweet related to his indictment .	The Delaware governor 's office deleted a tweet with a link to an ` inappropriate ' photo The governor 's staff apologized , saying it was an inadvertent mistake "  We just wish the accidental link had been a cat video , " the office said
Fort Hood , Texas  CNN  -- Pvt. Joseph Foster was filling out routine paperwork for his upcoming deployment to Afghanistan on Thursday when he heard a shout quickly followed by a burst of gunfire from just a few feet away . "  I was sitting in about the second row back when the assailant stood up and yelled ` Allahu akbar ' in Arabic and he opened fire , " Foster said Monday on CNN 's "  American Morning . " Foster , 21 , did not forget his basic training , which may have saved his life and the lives of others . " -LSB- I -RSB- got down on the floor , moved to cover . One soldier had peeked his head around the cubicle I was hiding in ... and I pulled him in , " Foster said . Foster realized he had been shot in the hip but was too consumed by adrenaline to think about his injury . "  Another soldier had come in as soon as the assailant had moved away from us , " he said . "  Those two got up and got out , and I got out shortly behind him . " Once outside , Foster said , he hid behind a military shipping container "  and started doing what I was trained to do . " " -LSB- I -RSB- started helping get people into the next building and get them under cover , " he said . Despite his injury , Foster , who has a wife and two young children , said he still plans to deploy to Afghanistan in January . "  I 'm still a soldier day in and day out , " he said . "  I 'll do my job . " Authorities are trying to figure out what prompted the gunman to begin shooting at Fort Hood Army Post , killing 13 people and wounding 42 . Fifteen soldiers are still hospitalized , including eight patients in intensive care , Fort Hood commander Lt. Gen. Robert Cone said Monday . Maj. Nidal Malik Hasan , a 39-year-old licensed Army psychiatrist who worked at a hospital on the post , is the suspected shooter . He was shot several times , ending the attack , and is now conscious and talking , a spokesman at Brooke Army Medical Center in San Antonio said Monday . It is unclear if Army investigators have spoken to Hasan . The intense investigation into the mass shooting remains largely shrouded in silence . Army officials have voiced concern about jumping to any conclusions about the motive , warning about a possible backlash against Muslim soldiers . Several bystanders , like Foster , reported Hasan shouted "  Allahu akbar , " Arabic for "  God is great , " which terrorists have used as a battle cry . The Army leadership at Fort Hood will "  take a very hard look at ourselves and look at anything that might have been done to have prevented this , " Cone said Monday . "  Hasan was a soldier , and we have other soldiers ... that might have some of the same stress and indicators that he has , " Cone said . "  We have to look across our entire formation , not just in a medical community , but really look hard to our right and left . That 's the responsibility for everybody , from the top to the bottom , to make sure we 're taking care of our own . " Cone said Monday that he has instructed commanders at Fort Hood to "  immediately take a hard look and make sure if there 's anybody out there struggling -LSB- that -RSB- we 're going to address their issues . " Sen. Joe Lieberman said he plans a Senate committee hearing into whether the shootings were a terrorist act and whether the Army should responded to reported signs of Islamic extremism by the suspected gunman . If Hasan was showing signs of being an Islamic extremist , the Army should have acted on that earlier , and "  he should have been gone , " said Lieberman , a Connecticut independent and chairman of the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee . He spoke on "  Fox News Sunday . " The shooting , on the nation 's largest military base , sparked outrage . In his Saturday radio address , President Obama said it was "  an act of violence that would have been heartbreaking had it occurred any place in America . " But , he said , "  it 's all the more heartbreaking and all the more despicable because of the place where it occurred and the patriots who were its victims . " All but one of those who were killed were soldiers . Obama and first lady Michelle Obama will attend a Tuesday memorial service for the victims . Defense Secretary Robert Gates will also participate in the memorial service , but he will not speak , Pentagon spokesman Geoff Morrell said . Gates on Monday night will go to Fort Hood , where he will meet with the victims ' families as well as Fort Hood Police Sgt. Kimberly Munley , the civilian officer who confronted and disabled Hasan as they shot at each other . Gates will also meet with military officials at the Army base , including Fort Hood 's commanding general , Lt. Gen. Robert Cone , and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Adm. Mike Mullen , according to Morrell . CNN 's David Mattingly and Victor Hernandez contributed to this report .	Pvt. Joseph Foster was doing paperwork when he heard a shout , then gunfire Shooter "  stood up and yelled ` Allahu akbar ' in Arabic and he opened fire , " he says He says he was too consumed by adrenaline to think about being shot in the hip Foster , who has a wife and two young children , said he still plans to deploy to Afghanistan
