Washington  CNN  -- "  So gim me a stage Where this bull here can rage . And though I can fight , I 'd much rather recite That 's entertainment ! " -- Jake LaMotta , rehearsing his stage routine , from the movie "  Raging Bull " It sounded like a good way to pass a snowy Washington day when the rest of the federal government was shut down because of the weather : watch a potentially entertaining Supreme Court oral argument , when the issue was about a Hollywood movie and the colorful life of a professional athlete . The appeal deals with a 1963 book and screenplay on the life of boxer Jake LaMotta , the former middleweight champion who wrote it with his childhood friend and business partner Frank "  Peter " Petrella . LaMotta 's story was made into the 1980 movie "  Raging Bull , " starring actor Robert De Niro . But the underlying issue Tuesday was surely more dry : equitable defense and tolling for remedies in civil copyright claims . The dense subject matter was enough to temper the court 's creative , even mischievous streak -- no pop culture references to showbiz or sports ; no clever rhetoric about this being a "  knockout " legal fight ; and no justice who would admit ever seeing the Oscar-winning film . On purely aesthetic grounds , the justices ' public review of the case was a disappointing script , the ending of which wo n't be known for months . At issue is whether Petrella 's daughter waited too long to file a copyright infringement lawsuit over the original screenplay and the subsequent rights to the story . Her father died a year after the movie 's release . Federal copyright law gave Paula Petrella the right to renew the copyrights before the term expired , which she did in 1991 . But her lawsuit was not filed until 2009 . MGM Studios and 20th Century Fox -- the movie 's distributor -- say that violates the established legal principle of "  laches , " which bars most claims that are unreasonably delayed , on the theory it would unfairly burden the adverse party . Both sides also dispute what ownership rights the studio retained after the elder Petrella 's death , and which were subsequently returned to his daughter . Paula Petrella claims she is the sole owner of the book and the original screenplay , and that the subsequent film infringes on those copyrights . Paula Petrella seeks damages dating back three years from the filing of the lawsuit , and an injunction on further distribution of the work without compensation . Her lawyers claim the yearslong delay was caused by fear of retaliation , lack of money to file the suit and being told by the studio that "  Raging Bull " was no longer making money . MGM and Fox say they have invested heavily to convert the film to formats such as DVD for home viewing , and for overseas distribution . The companies say having an open-ended period to file copyright claims makes it hard to make future business decisions . Justice Sonia Sotomayor posed tough questions for both sides . "  You see , counselor , this is my problem . I sort of disagree with you fundamentally , because I do n't know that you 're entitled to injunctive relief , " she told Petrella 's lawyer , Stephanos Bibas . "  The government says you might be entitled to payment for the use of your copyright because it belongs to you and there should n't be some adverse possession right that the other side gets . But in terms of injunctive relief , given their -LSB- studio 's -RSB- reliance on your failure to act for 18 years , they should n't be put out of business and told that they ca n't continue in their business . " Later , the studio 's attorney Mark Perry called the plaintiff 's claims a "  bizarre argument . " He added Petrella sought to "  skim the cream " and pick an opportune time to file her claim , after the studio invested so much in the movie over the years . "  What 's so bad about that ? " asked Sotomayor . "  You 've gotten a lot of profits in those 18 years and , in fact , at one point when she did reach out to you , you told her , ` Why sue ? You 're not going to get any money . We 're not making any . ' " The movie won two Oscars , including best actor for De Niro , who portrayed the boxer . LaMotta is 92 and not a party in the appeal . The fighter also known as the "  Bronx Bull " held the middleweight title from 1949-51 . The case is Petrella v. MGM , Inc.  12-1315  .	Daughter of screenwriter filed copyright infringement case Other side 's lawyers said she waited too long to make claim Oscar-winning movie was about boxer Jake LaMotta
CNN  -- Hurricane Ida moved into the southern Gulf of Mexico Sunday , prompting a declaration of emergency in Louisiana and concern along the U.S. Gulf Coast . The storm regained hurricane intensity overnight Saturday , becoming a Category 2 hurricane , but forecasters said it is expected to weaken as it moves north . Ida drenched Nicaragua after making landfall last week as a Category 1 hurricane , then weakened to a tropical storm before resuming strength . In El Salvador , at least 91 people died in flooding and mudslides , according to the government , but a low-pressure system out of the Pacific -- not Hurricane Ida -- triggered the disaster , forecaster Robby Berg of the National Hurricane Center said Sunday . A hurricane warning , meaning hurricane conditions are possible within 24 hours , extends from Pascagoula , Mississippi to Indian Pass , Florida , forecasters said . From Grande Isle , Louisiana , to west of Pascagoula , Mississippi , a tropical storm warning and a hurricane watch are in effect . This area includes New Orleans , which the center earlier excluded from the watch , and Lake Pontchartrain , the hurricane center said . In anticipation of the storm 's arrival , Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal declared a state of emergency Sunday afternoon . Hurricane Ida "  threatens the safety and security of those citizens " along the state 's southeast coastline , he wrote in the declaration . The declaration gives the director of the governor 's office of emergency preparedness authority "  to undertake any activity authorized by law which he deems necessary and appropriate " to prepare for the possibility of a hurricane . Track Ida 's progress , potential path Alabama 's Baldwin County commission urged that residents living in mobile homes , coastal communities or low-lying , flood-prone areas voluntarily evacuate . The county is under a local state of emergency and opened a shelter , according to a Sunday night statement from the county commission . As of 10 p.m. ET Sunday , Ida had maximum sustained winds near 105 mph  165 km/hr  with higher gusts . But the storm was expected to weaken on Monday and possibly begin losing tropical characteristics on Tuesday , the hurricane center said . The center of Ida was located about 400 miles  645 km  south-southeast of the mouth of the Mississippi River , forecasters said . It was moving north-northwest at nearly 14 mph  22 km/hr  and was expected to increase in speed . The storm was expected to be near coastal areas of the northern Gulf by Monday night or early Tuesday , the hurricane center said . As Ida moves in the Gulf of Mexico , conditions are expected to be unfavorable for any additional development , said CNN meteorologist Dave Hennen . Ida is expected to weaken because of a combination of wind shear , cooler water temperatures and the storm 's interaction with a strong frontal system pushing off the Gulf Coast , he said . But Ida is forecast to remain a hurricane as it moves in the northern Gulf toward the U.S. coast , the center said . Florida 's Division of Emergency Management asked residents to have disaster plans in place . "  Whether Ida maintains a storm or loses tropical characteristics , the Florida Gulf Coast region has the potential to see several inches of rain , strong winds , isolated tornadoes and dangerous surf and coastal flooding beginning Monday evening and continuing into Wednesday , " the office said in a statement . The area stretching from Indian Pass , Florida , to Aucilla River , Florida , is also under a tropical storm warning . Tropical storm conditions are possible within 24 hours , the center said . Ida could drop between 1 and 3 inches of rain on portions of western Cuba , with isolated amounts of 8 inches possible in some spots , forecasters said . The central and eastern areas of the Gulf Coast northward to eastern Tennessee Valley and southern Appalachian Mountains could see 3 to 5 inches of rain with some areas getting as much as 8 inches , the center said . Ida is the Atlantic region 's ninth named storm . The Atlantic hurricane season ends November 30 . CNN meteorologist Jacqui Jeras and journalist Merlin Delcid in El Salvador contributed to this report .	Louisiana governor declares emergency after watch issued for parts of Gulf Coast Ida expected to weaken before it reaches U.S. , but could bring heavy rain Heavy rains expected in parts of the Southeast this week because of Ida National Weather Service : 91 deaths in El Salvador due to separate system , not Ida
New Delhi  CNN  -- A local Indian official resigned Monday after a chaotic crush at a railroad station a day earlier left 36 people dead among tens of millions of Hindu pilgrims flocking to the banks of the Ganges River for the world 's largest religious gathering . The stampede occurred on Sunday evening as floods of pilgrims entering the station in Allahabad , the scene of this year 's Kumbh Mela festival , broke through temporary barriers and crowded onto already busy platforms , railway authorities said . In addition to the 36 killed in the ensuing crush , more than 30 people were injured , according to North-Central Railway , which operates the station . Local television footage showed bodies , many of them covered in white sheets , lying on the floor in the railway station , with wailing relatives sitting nearby . Luggage , shoes , slippers and other belongings also lay strewn across the ground . Shreya Dhoundial , a reporter for CNN affiliate IBN in Allahabad , said that almost four hours after the stampede occurred , dead bodies remained on the station platform and injured people were still crying for help . "  If the media could get in , if police officials could get in , if railway officials could get in , why could n't the doctors , why could n't the ambulances ? " she said . Worried families Relatives of many of the people injured in the chaos gathered at a hospital in the city on Monday , waiting for news on their loved ones , Dhoundial said . Azam Khan , the local official in charge of security for the huge Hindu festival , resigned Monday , IBN reported . Khan , who is also the minister for urban development in Uttar Pradesh , the state where Allahabad is situated , said he was taking responsibility for the fatal disaster . Amid confusion about what exactly had set off the panic , the Uttar Pradesh government ordered an inquiry into a the stampede , IBN said . Some eye witnesses blamed police for the crush , saying they had charged at the heaving crowds in the station . Authorities , however , denied police used force to try to control the mass of people . At one point on Sunday , Sandeep Mathur , a spokesman for North-Central Railway , suggested that the mayhem had been prompted by a person falling from a platform bridge . But on Monday , Railway Minister P.K. Bansal said straightforward overcrowding was the cause . "  There was a lot of chaos , " he said , adding that the station remained very crowded Monday . Authorities said they would give 500,000 rupees  $ 9,300  compensation to the families of victims and 100,000 rupees to those who were injured . Tens of millions of pilgrims An estimated 40 million people came to Allahabad , in the northern state of Uttar Pradesh , on Sunday to bathe at the confluence of the Yamuna and Ganges rivers and the mythical Saraswati River . It 's the most significant Hindu pilgrimage , occurring every 12 years , Indian cultural and political observer K.G. Suresh said . "  The Hindus believe that a dip in the confluence of the Ganges , Yamuna and the Saraswati on this occasion helps get rid of all worldly sins , " Suresh said . Sunday was the main day for bathing of the 55-day Kumbh Mela . In Hindu mythology , Allahabad is one of the four places where drops of the "  nectar of immortality " contained in a pitcher fell to earth as gods and demons fought for it . The holy bathing began on Saturday afternoon and peaked after midnight , festival official Satish Kumar Sharma said . More than 12,000 police officers were guarding the nearly 20-square-kilometer  7.7-square-mile  site , India 's government said . Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said he was "  deeply shocked " by the deaths and promised to extend "  all possible help " to state authorities . "  I send my heartfelt condolences to the members of the bereaved families and wish those injured a speedy recovery , " Singh said in a statement issued by his office . He pledged that those injured and the families of those killed would receive compensation . CNN 's Aliza Kassim in Atlanta , Georgia , contributed to this report .	NEW : A local official resigns , taking responsibility for the disaster Local media report grim scenes of bodies spread across the floor at the station The rail station stampede mars the world 's largest religious festival An estimated 40 million Hindu pilgrims came to bathe in the Ganges River
CNN  -- Those battling global warming by promoting biofuels may unintentionally be adding to skyrocketing world food prices , creating what one expert calls "  a silent tsunami " in developing nations . The rising prices are "  threatening to plunge more than 100 million people on every continent into hunger , " Josette Sheeran , executive director of the United Nations ' World Food Program , said on the agency 's Web site Tuesday . Sheeran is one of the experts attending a Food summit hosted Tuesday by British Prime Minister Gordon Brown , aimed at determining ways to boost food supplies and identify deterrents . Also attending the meeting are scientists and representatives from the European Union and Africa . On the Web site , Sheeran said the increase in food prices is "  a silent tsunami that respects no borders . " "  The world 's misery index is rising ... as soaring food and fuel prices roll through the lives of the most vulnerable , " she said Friday . The crisis is forcing the organization to look for cuts in aid to some of its recipients , she said . Soaring food prices have triggered violence in some developing countries , and biofuels are bearing at least part of the blame . Producing fuel from plant crops is supposed to be greener than drilling for oil , and biofuels generally burn cleaner , too . But the global biofuels industry now stands accused of a list of side effects that are said to be damaging lives , especially of the world 's poorest people . "  The drive for more biofuels means more investment is going into those crops , meaning less land and less investment going in for food crops , causing a massive conflict and resulting in rising prices , which is having a huge negative impact , especially on developing countries , " said Clare Oxborrow , food campaigner for Friends of the Earth . See why tortilla makers are blaming biofuel for increasing food prices " Critics also say that in Africa , Asia and South America , people are being driven from their land and forests are being cleared to make room for the booming biofuel industry . The International Food Policy Research Institute says the use of cereals for industrial purposes like making biofuels has risen by a quarter since 2000 . Brown said in an article posted on the 10 Downing Street Web site , "  We now know that biofuels intended to promote energy independence and combat climate change are frequently energy-inefficient . "  We need to look closely at the impact on food prices and the environment of different production methods and to ensure we are more selective in our support . If our UK review shows that we need to change our approach , we will also push for change in EU biofuels targets , " he said . "  We must also do more to explore the links between climate change and food , and particularly their impact on the livelihoods and vulnerability of the very poorest , who are likely to be most affected by climate change . " The meeting he convened , Brown said , is a precursor to the G8 summit of industrial nations , to be held in July , and a special U.N. summit in September . He urged prompt action . "  With one child dying every five seconds from hunger-related causes , the time to act is now , " Brown stressed . The World Health Organization views hunger as the No. 1 threat to public health around the world , responsible for a third of child deaths and 10 percent of all disease . Douglas Alexander , Britain 's International Development secretary , announced Tuesday that Britain has set aside a 455 million-pound -LSB- $ 900 million -RSB- aid package to address the food crisis . His agency manages Britain 's aid to poor countries with the goal of eliminating extreme poverty . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Phil Black contributed to this report .	Prices mean 100 million people could go hungry , U.N. official says Soaring food prices have triggered violence in some developing countries Expert says focus on biofuels means less focus on food crop World Health Organization views hunger as main threat to public health
CNN  -- Thousands of years after the first athletes competed at the ancient stadium in Greece , a high priestess swathed in white lit a flame from the sun to mark the start of a new Olympiad on Thursday . The Olympics are as much about tradition and legacy as they are sporting events , with none so vivid as the lighting of the torch which will now wind its way from Olympia to the Games in London . The solemn ceremony , held in the ruins of the 2,600-year-old Temple of Hera , saw actors in ancient Greek costume use a mirror to harness the sun 's rays and light the Olympic torch . It marks the start of the flame 's week-long journey to Britain , where it will begin an 8,000-mile  12,875-kilometer  route across the country before entering at the new stadium in east London . Taking center stage in the lighting ceremony was Greek actress Ino Menegaki as the traditional high priestess . Among the dignitaries present were International Olympic Committee president Jacques Rogge and London organizing committee chairman Sebastian Coe . The first relay runner to take the flame was Greece 's Liverpool-born open water swimming champion Spyros Gianniotis . He then passed it to 19-year-old British boxer Alexander Loukos , who grew up in east London where the Olympic Stadium is now situated , but whose father hails from Greece . Making its way to Britain , the flame will first take in Greek archaeological sites including the Acropolis and Olympic Stadium in Athens , site of the first modern Games in 1896 . Arriving on May 19 at Land 's End in the far southwest of England , it will then wind its way through 1,019 communities , carried by 8,000 torch-bearers . The final leg will run from Hampton Court Palace , the former home of King Henry VIII , before arriving at the opening ceremony on July 27 . The flame will burn until the Games end on August 12 -- a tradition that was revived at the 1936 Berlin Olympics .	Actors dressed in ancient Greek costumes light the Olympic torch at original stadium Solemn ceremony marks the start of flame 's week-long journey to Britain Torch will be carried by 8,000 relay runners and cover 8,000 miles across UK First runner is Greece 's champion swimmer Spyros Gianniotis
CNN  -- The Mississippi River was closed at two different locations Thursday after a barge ran aground near Greenville , Mississippi , and the Army Corps of Engineers carried out dredging operations near La Crosse , Wisconsin . The Greenville closure affects a 10-mile stretch of the Lower Mississippi , according to Coast Guard spokesman Lt. JG McMillian . He said the incident represents the 24th closure his office has monitored in past weeks . Closures have become more routine this year , officials say , as last year 's flooding may have worsened the situation by way of silt and other deposits of debris in areas that are normally clear . The traffic closures occurred just as a historic drought and excessive heat reduce water levels and scorch wide sections of the U.S. Midwest . CNN 's Tom Laabs contributed to this report .	The Mississippi River was closed at two locations after a barge ran aground The Greenville closure affects a 10-mile stretch of the Lower Mississippi The Army Corps of Engineers carried out dredging operations near La Crosse , Wisconsin
CNN  -- If you listen to the groupthink echo-chamber know-it-alls in Washington , the Republican Party has been decimated , destroyed , discombobulated and utterly distressed to the point of putting a "  going out of business " sign out front and closing up shop for good . Reality says that 's ridiculous . On the national level , the GOP controls the U.S. House of Representatives while Democrats control the U.S. Senate and the Oval Office . But the real power for the Republicans is on the state level , and there they are dominating Democrats . Republicans control the governor 's mansion in Alabama , Alaska , Arizona , Florida , Georgia , Idaho , Indiana , Iowa , Kansas , Louisiana , Maine , Michigan , Mississippi , Nebraska , Nevada , New Jersey , New Mexico , North Carolina , North Dakota , Ohio , Oklahoma , Pennsylvania , South Carolina , South Dakota , Tennessee , Texas , Utah , Virginia , Wisconsin and Wyoming . Folks , that 's 30 out of the 50 states in the nation . The Democrats have governors in 19 states .  Rhode Island 's governor is an independent . What about both chambers on the state level ? The GOP controls the legislature in Alabama , Alaska , Arizona , Arkansas , Florida , Georgia , Idaho , Indiana , Kansas , Louisiana , Michigan Mississippi , Missouri , Montana , North Carolina , North Dakota , Ohio , Oklahoma , Pennsylvania , South Carolina , South Dakota , Tennessee , Texas , Utah , Wisconsin and Wyoming . Count 'em up and that 's 26 . The Democrats control 18 legislatures . Five of the remaining six are split between the two chambers and one has a nonpartisan , one-chamber legislature . So much of the national media attention is always focused on what 's happening in Washington , but that is a common mistake that the political bosses keep making . Every Sunday show on broadcast and cable parades the usual suspects from the U.S. Senate and sometimes a few influential U.S. House members , but it would make far more sense to be talking to governors , key state officials and mayors for a real understanding of what 's happening in America . The GOP has been doing a lot of soul-searching and head-scratching since Mitt Romney was pummeled by President Barack Obama in November . Republican Party leaders are being told that they must soften their stance on gay and lesbian issues , flip the script on immigration reform , stop dissing women at every turn , and become more "  compassionate " -- like George W. Bush when he was selling his candidacy in 2000 . On Monday , the Republican National Committee announced its 2012 election postmortem , which called for , among other things , an aggressive new push to reach minorities in the states . Meanwhile , Democrats are giddy , believing they have found a winning formula for the next generation by turning out young folks , gay and lesbian folks , black voters , Latino voters and lots of women . Sure , that coalition worked well for Obama , but there is no guarantee it will be the key to success for the next Democratic presidential candidate . So while Democrats salivate at the prospect of winning the White House in 2016 , Republicans continue to lay the groundwork for taking over the state houses and gubernatorial mansions , and building a formidable team of next-generation politicians to dominate there and in the White House . In fact , many Republicans have told me they could n't care less about Washington , because legislation with real impact is being proposed and passed in the states . That 's why you 've seen groups quietly backing initiatives on the state level and bypassing the hot lights and screaming media in Washington . The real battles on same-sex marriage , abortion , education , spending , labor unions , and , yes , the Affordable Care Act are happening state by state . And Democrats are being caught flat-footed because they ignored the admonition of former Democratic National Committee Chairman Howard Dean to create a 50-state party , and instead , created a party that cared more about Congress and the White House . Think about it : Obama won Ohio , Florida , Michigan , Pennsylvania , New Mexico and Nevada , all states with GOP governors . So clearly voters in those states chose the Republican alternative in statewide elections , but when it came to the presidency , said "  No thanks . " I 'm not buying for a second this silly notion that the GOP will have a Damascus Road experience and drastically change . It 's not going to happen . There will be some movement on the national level , but Republican grass-roots organizers are very well aware that the message the GOP is selling statewide is a winning formula . Trust me , Republicans are concocting other pieces of legislation to bring change on the state level , regardless of what 's happening in Washington . The political adage "  All politics is local " has not changed . Maybe more of my brothers and sisters in Washington need to get outside the Beltway , hit the road and discover the far more expansive America that is happening outside Washington , Maryland , Virginia , New York and New Jersey . If they do , they 'll find out that the conventional wisdom is pretty much worthless .	Roland Martin : Political echo chamber says GOP doomed by its losses in 2012 election Do n't believe it , he says -- GOP has power where it counts : governors , state legislatures He says Dems claim minorities , women , but GOP plans big push for those voters Martin : GOP pushing inroads at state level , not seriously changing policy ; Dems , wise up
CNN  -- British police Wednesday arrested 12 people in a counterterrorism operation , and locations were being searched , authorities said . A Scotland Yard official 's papers show details of the raid , which have been obscured in this photo . Arrests were carried out in a series of raids in northwest England , police said . Participating agencies included Merseyside Police , Greater Manchester Police and the Lancashire Constabulary , according to a statement from Greater Manchester Police . The men arrested were involved in a "  very serious " plot closely associated with al Qaeda and escaped al Qaeda operative Rashid Rauf , whom British intelligence have linked to the 2006 plot to blow up trans-Atlantic airliners , according to a security source with knowledge of the investigation . The new plot was not believed to be targeting national infrastructure , such as rail lines , airports or utilities , nor was it clear if the plot was to involved bombs or an assault involving gunmen , the source said . Details , the source said , were speculative at this point in the investigation . The source also said authorities do n't believe the targets would have been in the north of England , where the arrests took place , and that at least some of those arrested were Pakistanis in the United Kingdom on student visas . Several hundred officers were involved in the raids , according to a later Greater Manchester Police statement . The men arrested range in age from a youth in his mid - to late teens to a 41-year-old , the statement said . No further information was available , police said . "  Today 's action is part of an ongoing investigation and we have acted on intelligence received , " said Steve Ashley , chief superintendent of Merseyside police . "  We understand that this kind of police activity can cause concerns to people living in nearby communities . The extra patrols , cordons and measures we have in place have been implemented to make sure we are doing everything we can to reassure the public and maintain public safety . " Home Secretary Jacqui Smith , in a written statement , congratulated police for the "  successful anti-terrorism operation which has resulted in 12 arrests at a number of locations . " She said the actions were an operational decision by police and Security Services , but she and British Prime Minister Gordon Brown were kept apprised . Police rushed to make the arrests after press photographers on Tuesday snapped images of the U.K. 's chief terrorism officer as he got out of a car at the prime minister 's residence , according to the security source . Metropolitan Police Assistant Commissioner Bob Quick was carrying a document containing the names of those to be arrested , the source said , and the photographers were able to easily read the names when they enlarged the photographs . But , the source said , the arrests would probably have taken place Thursday , and preparations for the arrests were the reason for Quick 's visit to see Brown . "  Tonight , the focus is the ongoing operation . That 's my priority , " Smith said . Scotland Yard issued a statement regarding the incident . "  Quick accepts he made a mistake on leaving a sensitive document on open view and deeply regrets it . He has apologized to the commissioner and the colleagues . " CNN 's Andrew Carey and Laura Perez-Maestro contributed to this report .	NEW : Men involved in plot associated with escaped al Qaeda operative , source says NEW : Some of those arrested were Pakistanis in the U.K. on student visas NEW : U.K. 's chief terrorism officer apologizes for pictures of him with documents Police from Merseyside , Greater Manchester , Lancashire Constabulary involved
Ramallah , West Bank  CNN  -- Mingling with customers in the bar he opened two years ago , Yazan Khalili is enjoying the booming consumer economy in his home city of Ramallah , in the West Bank . But despite the success of his bar , Beit Aneesah , Khalili worries that the boom is unsustainable and his customers could soon have no money to spend . "  The economy itself is based on a bubble and you never know when this bubble will burst , " said Khalili . "  It 's like living on the hand of a genie . Things might just disappear . " The city has boomed over the past five years , with new restaurants , cafes and even luxury hotels . The West Bank 's first five-star hotel , Movenpick Ramallah , a locally owned franchise of the Swiss chain , opened in 2010 , aimed primarily at corporate clients . Like many , Khalili worries that the new age of consumerism is just too good to be true . "  Since banks give loans , anyone who wants to open a business becomes a possibility . In that sense , it 's not hard to open it , " he said . "  It 's not hard to get permission to open a bar from the municipality . From the ministry of economy , from the bank to get a loan , it 's not hard to do it , it was possible . " In this new economic world , Khalili sometimes longs for the old days . "  There were businesses , but they were more organic businesses that understood the conflict , that were able to survive the hardship of the occupation . "  That 's based on more local products , consumption . Enough , depending on what you have , " he added . The United Nations describes the Palestinian Territories as Occupied , but Israel disputes the use of the term . Israel controls the flow of goods into and out of the West Bank , it says , to maintain security and prevent terror attacks . Most of the money in the economy comes from the government -- The Palestinian Authority -- the largest employer in the West Bank , and most of its money in turn comes from donor aid . Many Palestinians are borrowing money to fund their basic needs and it is feared that , if donor aid dries up , many will be without work to fund their lifestyles . Naser Abdelkarim , professor of financial economics at Birzeit University , said : "  So the money comes from donors , yes . The largest borrower from the banking sector in  the Palestinian territories  is the government , and that 's the danger . "  The large debt , public debt , we have around $ 5 billion in public debt that consists of around 70 % of GDP , too huge for a government that 's just born . " A World Bank report in July concluded that the Palestinian economy has grown at an average of 7.7 % a year between 2007 and 2011 , but that the growth was not sustainable . It said the growth had been driven by foreign aid and that the private sector would need to take over to strengthen the economy . John Nasir , lead author of the study , said in a press release : "  Economic sustainability can not be based on foreign aid so it is critical for the Palestinian Authority to increase trade and spur private sector growth . " Something the government says it is trying to do , even as it grapples with cash shortfalls . The economic boom also allowed Shryine Ziadeh to follow her dream of opening the West Bank 's first ballet school . "  When I was young and dancing ballet , I wished that I could do this and teach ballet , " said Ziadeh , who opened her school last year with the help of her family . "  I started it because in Ramallah we do n't have ballet schools , we do n't have dance schools in general . " However , now the costs are mounting and Ziadeh is working two jobs to earn enough money to repay her parents . "  I 'm young and I do n't have enough salary to go to the bank every month , " she said . "  I needed to rent the place , a good place , to have floors and mirrors and sound system . "  So my parents started to help me with it and now I 'm working two jobs to repay . " Restaurant owner Sari Sarikini said he feels the impact of Israeli security restrictions , which mean he has to buy all his supplies from Israeli wholesalers . "  We have to build our country , " he said . "  Any country that 's been built from scratch will have a lot of debt . The question is where is this money being geared ? Is it being geared at service providers ? "  I do n't like to see service business , I like to see more self-sustaining businesses . " If the economy stalls , people will not have money to spend in bars like Khalili 's . "  Encouraging a kind of economy that you can spend , that there 's money to spend , that you can consume , in the same time you 're living on the edge of , not a catastrophe , of economical catastrophe , " said Khalili . "  The minute the economy fails , the first thing people will stop doing is going to bars , restaurants . Places like this will not survive in a destroyed economy . " Follow the Inside the Middle East team on Twitter : Presenter Rima Maktabi : @rimamaktabi , producer Jon Jensen : @jonjensen , producer Schams Elwazer : @SchamsCNN , writer Catriona Davies : @catrionadavies and digital producer Mairi Mackay : @mairicnn .	Palestinian economy grew at an average of 7.7 % a year between 2007-2011 Ramallah is experiencing booming consumer economy as result World Bank report : Economy too heavily based on foreign aid , not sustainable If government money goes , no one will have money to spend in my bar , says owner
CNN  -- Elena Bonner , the wife of late Soviet dissident Andrei Sakharov who gained worldwide acclaim after smuggling her husband 's writings out of exile , died Saturday in Boston , her daughter said in a statement . She was 88 . Bonner 's ashes are be interred at a Moscow cemetery next to her late husband 's remains , said her daughter , Tatiana Yankelevich . Bonner 's life revolved around the political struggles that characterized the Soviet Union in the 20th century . She joined forces with Sakharov in the early 1970 's . Bonner was born in 1923 in Turkmenistan into a family of prominent Communist Party officials , according to a biography posted on Harvard University 's website . Her father was killed in Stalin 's purges during the "  Great Terror " of the late 1930s , and her mother was interned in a gulag for 10 years . Bonner was twice wounded during World War II while serving as a nurse for the Soviet military . She became a physician after the war . She married Sakharov , known for his work on the development of the atomic bomb for the Soviet Union , in 1972 , according to the Andrei Sakharov Foundation website . Following his work on the atomic bomb , Sakharov began publishing writings critical of Soviet politics . Bonner followed Sakharov into exile in Gorky , in western Russia , in 1980 . She was permitted to take trips to Moscow , which enabled her to smuggle Sakharov 's critical writings on the Soviet Union out of exile . Bonner was convicted of "  anti-Soviet agitation " in 1984 for smuggling Sakharov 's writings and lost her travel privileges to Moscow . She was confined to Gorky with her husband . Mikhail Gorbachev ended Bonner and Sakharov 's exile in 1986 by inviting them to return to Moscow , according to the Andrei Sakharov Foundation . Bonner , a founding member of the Moscow Helsinki Group in 1976 , received the Rafto Prize in 1991 for her promotion of human rights in the former Soviet Union and contemporary Russia , according to the foundation . She moved to the United States to be with her daughter after Sakharov 's death in 1989 . She published at least four books on her life as a dissident , according to the Harvard website . "  It is with great sadness that I heard " of Bonner 's passing , European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso said in a statement , describing her as a human rights activist and author . "  She stood side by side with her husband in the fight for political freedom , democracy and human rights in the former Soviet Union , and all over the world . I want to pay tribute to the courage she showed in standing up for fundamental freedoms and human dignity that people worldwide demand . "	European Commission president pays tribute to Bonner 's "  courage " Bonner 's father , a prominent Communist , had been purged in dictator Joseph Stalin 's "  Great Terror " Her mother spent years in a gulag Mikhail Gorbachev personally ended Bonner and Sakharov 's exile
CNN  -- Chelsea reclaimed the lead in the English Premier League as Didier Drogba continued his hot scoring run against title hopefuls Arsenal with both goals in a 2-0 victory on Sunday . Ivory Coast striker Drogba has now netted 12 times in 12 encounters with Chelsea 's London rivals , and could have had a hat-trick as his second-half free-kick thumped against the bar . Chelsea moved two points clear of Manchester United , who thrashed bottom club Portsmouth on Saturday , with Arsenal nine points off the leaders in third place . Arsenal 's title challenge has disintegrated in the past two weeks , with a goalless draw against European hopefuls Aston Villa followed by a 3-1 home defeat by United , and Arsene Wenger 's team must now face fourth-placed Liverpool on Wednesday . "  It is difficult to swallow a defeat like that when we felt we were the better team , " Wenger told reporters . "  Chelsea defended well until the last minute , so you have got to give them credit . We are outsiders but we will fight until the last day of the season . " Chelsea successfully bounced back from the shock draw with lowly Hull in midweek , which came as speculation about the future of England captain John Terry reached fever pitch . The defender was subsequently stripped of the national armband by England boss Fabio Capello due to tabloid revelations about the player 's private life , particularly his alleged marital infidelity with the former partner of his one-time Chelsea teammate Wayne Bridge . But Terry , publicly backed by his club coach Carlo Ancelotti , showed on Sunday that his performances on the field have not been affected by the controversy as Chelsea 's solid back four rendered Arsenal 's silky passing game near impotent in the last third of the pitch . And it was Terry who helped Drogba score the eighth-minute opening goal , heading a corner to the far post where his unmarked teammate coolly slotted the ball into the net past exposed goalkeeper Manuel Almunia . Arsenal dominated possession in the first half , but the closest they came to scoring was when Russia forward Andrei Arshavin 's volley was well blocked by the legs of keeper Petr Cech . Drogba 's second goal 15 minutes later knocked the stuffing out of the visitors as he cut in from the right and lashed in a fierce left-foot shot after being fed by Frank Lampard on the counter-attack , with Arsenal guilty of schoolboy defending . Arsenal poured forward in the second half but were unable to penetrate as Chelsea could afford to sit back and absorb the pressure . Wenger brought on Czech winger Tomas Rosicky and defender Emmanuel Eboue for Abou Diaby and Bacary Sagna with 15 minutes left , but it was Chelsea who almost scored again . Drogba curled a powerful free-kick against the crossbar , with Almunia left helplessly unable to even try to save it . In Sunday 's other match , Birmingham City moved up to eighth place as veteran striker Kevin Phillips came off the bench to score both goals in the 2-1 win at home to Midlands rivals Wolverhampton Wanderers . The visitors took the lead on manager Mick McCarthy 's 51st birthday when striker Kevin Doyle reacted fastest to score after City defender Roger Johnson diverted a low cross onto his own post three minutes before halftime . But the 36-year-old Phillips scored twice in the last 10 minutes in a rare first-team outing this season to leave promoted Wolves in the bottom three . The former England international leveled after Craig Gardner headed the ball back across goal , and then volleyed the winner five minutes from time after chesting down a chip from fullback Stephen Carr , who was allowed to run into the penalty area .	Chelsea reclaim lead in English Premier League with 2-0 win over title hopefuls Arsenal Didier Drogba nets both goals to take his tally against London rivals to 12 from 12 games Captain John Terry , stripped of England armband , sets up first for Ivory Coast forward Birmingham move up to eighth place with 2-1 derby victory at home to Wolverhampton
Abidjan , Ivory Coast  CNN  -- The U.S. Embassy consular section in Abidjan may reopen Monday , but it initially will provide limited services , according to the State Department . The department continues to warn American citizens against traveling to Ivory Coast despite the arrest of former President Laurent Gbagbo , who defied calls to step down after an electoral commission declared he lost a presidential election in November to Alassane Ouattara . A violent power struggle followed the standoff , with supporters loyal to both sides taking to the streets in protests since December . Hundreds have been killed , according to the United Nations and the International Committee of the Red Cross . Ouattara has been recognized internationally as the legitimate winner . "  Contacting the Consular Section before making a visit would be prudent under the circumstances , " the State Department said in a statement Thursday . "  We need to reiterate that because of the conditions in the country , the Embassy has severely diminished capacity to assist U.S. citizens and that in the event of a temporary flare-up in violence sheltering in place is often your best option . " The statement claims there are continued reports of lawlessness in various neighborhoods of Abidjan , the nation 's largest city and commercial center .	Consular section expected to reopen on or about Monday State Department continues to warn against travel to Ivory Coast Statement indicates there are continued reports of lawlessness in Abidjan
CNN  -- Syria denies that it has used , or even possesses , chemical weapons , accusing the United States and Britain of lying in order to pressure the embattled Damascus government . Syrian Information Minister Omran Al-Zoubi talked to Russia TV on Friday , dismissing a claim by U.S. officials a day earlier that they had evidence the chemical weapon sarin had been used in Syria on a small scale . "  Everything that the American minister and British government have said lack credibility , " Al-Zoubi said . "  It 's baseless , and it 's a new tactic to put political and economic pressure on Syria . " Al-Zoubi said the Syrian government is the one that called for an investigation of an incident in which it claimed chemical weapons were used by "  terrorist groups . " The government routinely labels rebel fighters as terrorists . Syria does not have chemical weapons and would not use them if it did , he said . The Americans "  want to manipulate the issue , to let whoever used the chemical weapons ... get away  with it  , and to repeat the Iraq example , " Al-Zoubi said . After a meeting on Friday with Jordan 's King Abdullah , President Barack Obama reiterated U.S. "  preliminary assessments " that "  chemical weapons have been used on ... populations in Syria . " He did n't backtrack from his earlier statements that it would be a "  game changer " -- as far as how the world deals with Syria -- if it 's proven definitively that President Bashar al-Assad 's forces used chemical weapons on his own people . Still , Obama did n't specify what actions the United States might take if that determination is made . For now , he said , the United States is planning to continue its own "  very vigorous investigation " and to work with its Middle Eastern allies and the United States . "  We to have act prudently , " the president said . " ... But I think all of us , not just in the United States but around the world -- recognize how we can not stand by and permit the systematic use of weapons like chemical weapons on civilian populations . " Israel , for one , is asking the United States to take the lead in crafting a response to the evidence of chemical weapons . "  I think the U.S. , as the leader of the Western world , should lead the efforts with our partners in Europe and Israel and to take action with what we 're seeing happening today in Syria , " Israeli Deputy Defense Minister Danny Danon said on Friday . Opinion : Obama must act on Syria chemical weapons While he did n't offer specifics , Danon said that Israeli military intelligence also has information indicating "  Syria has used chemical weapons . " Also Friday , U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon asked the man heading the world body 's investigation into chemical weapons use in Syria to report to U.N. headquarters on Monday for "  consultations , " a U.N. spokesman said . Ban had "  taken note " of comments Thursday from the U.S. government that it has evidence sarin has been used in Syria . The U.N. leader has repeatedly asked the Syrian government to give U.N. inspectors unrestricted access to the country as it looked into chemical weapons use allegations . The team , led by Swedish scientist Ake Sellstrom , is ready to head to Syria within 48 hours if an agreement is reached . "  We remain in close contact with the Syrian authorities , most recently through another letter  Thursday  urging the Syrian government to grant unconditional and unfettered access to the mission , " U.N. spokesman Martin Nesirky said . "  The secretary-general strongly urges the Syrian government to respond swiftly and favorably so that this mission can carry out its work in Syria . " Russian foreign ministry spokesman Alexander Lukashevich responded Friday by criticizing Ban 's position as "  nothing but a demonstration of a politicized approach . " "  The inspection system proposed is analagous to that used at the end of the previous century in Iraq , which -- unlike Syria -- was under U.N. sanctions , " Lukashevich said in a statement posted on the foreign ministry 's website . "  It is difficult to understand why the U.N. secretariat prefers to take its cue from those who care not about concrete steps to prevent attempts to use chemical weapons in the Syrian crisis but to change the regime of a sovereign state . " Earlier this week , the Russian foreign minister also warned against a repeat of the "  Iraqi scenario " in which claims that Saddam Hussein 's government possessed so-called weapons of mass destruction were the basis of the U.S.-led invasion . He also said that international investigators were asking "  too much " by demanding access to all facilities in Syria and to have the right to interview any Syrians . Read more : What is the Syrian Electronic Army ? In a letter sent to lawmakers before U.S. Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel announced there was evidence sarin has been used in Syria , the White House said that intelligence analysts have concluded "  with varying degrees of confidence that the Syrian regime has used chemical weapons on a small scale in Syria , specifically the chemical agent sarin . " The White House cautioned that the "  chain of custody " of the chemicals was not clear and that intelligence analysts could not confirm the circumstances under which the sarin was used , including the role of al-Assad 's regime . British Prime Minister David Cameron said that he supported Obama and that the use of chemical weapons should constitute a "  red line , " the UK Press Association reported . But if a red line has been crossed , Cameron was less clear on what the next steps should be . Asked if the development could result in sending troops into Syria , Cameron said he did n't want to see that . "  But I think we can step up the pressure on the regime , work with our partners , work with the opposition in order to bring about the right outcome , " he said , according to the Press Association . "  The question is how do we step up the pressure . And , in my view , what we need to do -- and we 're doing some of this already -- is shape that opposition , work with them , train them , mentor them , help them , so that we put the pressure on the regime and so what we can bring this to an end . " The Syrian government has been battling a rebellion for more than two years , bringing international condemnation of the regime and pleas for greater international assistance . The United Nations estimated in February that more than 70,000 people had died since the conflict began . The opposition Local Coordination Committees in Syria reported that 139 people , including 16 women and 14 children , had been killed across the country on Friday . Twenty-nine of those deaths were in and around Damascus , while 27 were in Homs province . Members of the rebel Free Syrian Army clashed with government forces in at least 115 places around Syria on Friday , during which the opposition group reported 235 bombing attacks -- including from warplanes and surface-to-surface missiles . CNN 's Yousuf Basil , Sara Sidner , Saad Abedine and Michael Pearson contributed to this report .	NEW : Team looking into chemical weapon use in Syria asked to report to U.N. NEW : A Russian official criticizes the U.N. leader for taking a "  politicized approach " Syria accuses the U.S. and Britain of lying , says it does n't even have chemical weapons Obama says if it 's proven Syria used such weapons , it would be a "  game changer "
Las Vegas , Nevada  CNN  -- Smartphones can control drones , speeding robots , cameras and the temperature of your master bathroom . That 's just some of the technology on display in Las Vegas this week at the annual International Consumer Electronics Show . The massive show does n't kick off in earnest until Tuesday , but some companies gave a sneak preview of their gadgets at the CES Unveiled event Sunday night . The technology at Unveiled tends to skew small and fun , and many products are from start-ups instead of major companies . A few are already available but most are scheduled to come out a bit later this year . Among the usual headphones and speakers , we found some interesting gizmos . Some might go mainstream , others will be copied by major companies , and some are just too strange or niche to make it outside of a select group of tech enthusiasts . Racing robots Smartphone-controlled toys are popular , especially the rugged rolling robots that show off by jumping , spinning and speeding around . Sphero follows up its smartphone-controlled ball with the programmable Sphero 2B , an infrared-equipped two-wheeled robot that can go up to 14 feet per second and leap 3 to 4 feet into the air . The company behind the device , Orbotix , thinks people will use it in a variety of multiplayer smartphone games or for racing . Also on display was the similar Jumping Sumo from Parrot . The Sumo can also go high into the air and speed and do tricks , and it includes a built-in camera . Recreational drones Tiny , medium and large drones are constantly buzzing through the CES airspace . Some , like the Parrot MiniDrone , are just toys , meant to be controlled with smartphones and used to amaze or annoy your friends . The medium-size drones can be fun and also serve a purpose . DJI Innovations makes a line of professional and consumer drones for shooting video and taking photos . Its newest product is the Phantom II Vision , which has a built-in camera instead of the usual camera mount . You can see what the camera is seeing from a smartphone app while the drone is in the air . It also shares stats like telemetry data and warns you if the drone is too close to the 400-foot maximum height allowed by law . The company also makes a version of the Phantom II without a camera , so you can mount something like your own GoPro , and a hulking professional version that can carry a professional-size camera , like the Canon 5D . New kind of keyboard Some of the best gadgets at CES are the weirdest . The Mobile QWERTY keyboard from TrewGrip takes the traditional computer keyboard , splits it , flips it and puts it on the back of a hand-held keyboard , where you will press them without looking . The device is meant to be ergonomic and a full-size alternative to the tiny on-screen keyboards found on most mobile devices . The company says that it 's easy to learn the new style of typing since the order of the letters is the same , and the front of the keyboard offers a light-up guide to help with the transition . The keyboard connects to mobile devices over Bluetooth , but it can also be attached to the center of the keyboard with a suction mount . Wearable sensors with flair Using tiny sensors to track activity in watches , bracelets and other wearable doodads has been getting more mainstream . The next step is to make them something people actually want to be seen wearing . The early attempts are focusing on disguising the tech as familiar accessories . June is a UV sensor inside what looks like a sparkly piece of costume jewelry . The $ 99 fake gem attaches to a double-wrap leather bracelet or can be pinned to clothing . It tracks sun exposure , sunblock usage and other details and then churns out advice to keep the wearer from soaking in too many rays or burning . Wellograph attempts to make the usually sporty fitness tracker into a high-end-looking watch . Also on a leather strap , the large square watch face is made out of hardy sapphire crystal and shows all the information in simple white lettering on black . It tracks heart rate , steps and fitness levels . It can sync to a smartphone but can also hold up to four months of data . The $ 320 watch will be available in April . Power providers Having enough power is an issue in developing countries , in emergencies and for anyone who needs to use a smartphone for more than half a day without recharging . A group of power-related gadgets attempts to address all the power problems on the spectrum . Intelligent Energy is working with Brookstone on a hydrogen-powered fuel cell that will cost $ 199 when it launches in the U.S. this spring . The device is able to charge a smartphone five times on a single cartridge , but the cartridges are swapped out at Brookstone locations . It 's not exactly off-the-grid living if you 're driving to the nearest strip mall to get a refill , but the device is also rolling out in South Africa and Nigeria through cell carriers , which could have many more refill locations . The Waka Waka chargers are solar powered and already used by 102,000 people in Syria . The device got its start as a Kickstarter project , and now the makers are hoping that sales in the U.S. and Europe can help make the same devices more affordable in developing countries and areas hit by disasters . There 's also a Waka Waka solar-powered light , and the company is working on a full emergency kit for the future . Trackers , trackers everywhere Tiny tracking devices are the hot , cheap product du jour . In addition to the fitness trackers , there are sensors for keeping track of your belongings , tracking your sleep patterns , and tracking air quality and temperature . One of the odder offerings we saw was Mother , a hub that looks like a happy ghost and works with up to 24 tiny sensors called cookies . The sensors can be placed on anything  or anyone  in the home and used to track their location , status or temperature . Like many of the systems at CES , Mother does n't play well with other systems and devices . Withings wants to track sleep with a sensor that slips under a mattress and a companion smart lamp and alarm , called the Aura , that tracks what part of the sleep cycle a person is in . When it 's time to get up , the Aura waits until the right part of the sleep cycle . While users are asleep , it generates special colored lights that the company says helps people generate melatonin . The device , which comes out in the spring , can also sense light levels and air quality .	New technology is previewed ahead of the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas Fun-sized drones and smartphone-controlled racing robots are popular Tiny sensors can be used to track fitness , sleep , air quality , UV rays and car key location
CNN  -- So , when can we expect our refund checks ? Because two can play this game . On the one side of the federal government shutdown are the people whose job it is to run that government : the Congress and the White House . Democrats , Republicans , conservatives , liberals -- no one forced any of them to take those jobs . They wanted them . Then ran for them . They got them . On the other side -- at least in a rational world , which this is n't -- is us . The taxpayers . Congress still gets paid -- it 's in the Constitution We pay federal income tax with one solitary and bedrock expectation : We are handing our money over so that the federal government will run . Some people may not like how the government operates ; some may not care for a particular president or a particular member of Congress or a particular government program . We accept that , as we pay our taxes . We pay those taxes because we have to . We know that we do n't get to withhold those taxes just because we may dislike some of the people or programs the taxes are funding . But when we are told that the government has been shut down -- that it has been closed for business -- that 's different . We paid for that service . We had no choice . Americans hurt as DC ` squabbles like kids ' If we had paid for an airline ticket , and in the middle of our trip the airline informed us that one leg of our journey had been canceled , we would justifiably demand a refund . If we ordered an annual subscription to 52 weeks of a magazine , and then , a few months into it , the magazine told us that its new policy was to publish only 26 issues a year , we would , with good reason , ask for half of our money back . If we paid for a one-year membership in a health club , and the club announced that it would have to close for repairs for three months , we would expect a 25 % refund . So ... exactly when can we expect to see our refund checks from the federal government ? We have paid for it to operate . And -- with the exception of what , for now , are being deemed certain essential functions -- it is not operating . Opinion : Shutdown could be shock therapy The people we have paid to operate it can blame each other all they want for what has happened . They can point fingers and say that it 's all the other guys ' fault . But whoever ultimately shoulders the blame , the fact is that the people who hired them -- the American taxpayers -- are not getting what they paid for . So the refunds , for the portions of government operations that have been shuttered , are owed . Or at least they should be owed , in any other kind of sane business . The longer the shutdown continues , the larger the refunds should logically become . As if logic has had anything to do with any of these developments . Congress and the White House might hear this request and say : That 's preposterous . The government is hurting for funds -- it needs the money . Well , many of the people who pay for the government to run are hurting for funds , too . They need the money , too . The government , no matter what anyone thinks of its various policies , no matter where anyone positions himself or herself along the political and ideological continuum , is expected to do one thing : Open its doors each morning . When it does n't , the people who paid for it to do just that have a right to propose that they are owed -- for services not rendered -- their money back . With interest . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	It 's taxpayers who finance government operations , writes Bob Greene Now that much of government is shutdown , we deserve a refund , he says Consumers would demand refund from other providers who did n't provide services , he says Greene : Government is expected to open its doors ; if not , give us our taxes back
CNN  -- "  Game of Thrones , " the wonderfully bloody and lustful series , is back for a second season starting April 1 on HBO . Kit Harington plays Jon Snow , the illegitimate son of Ned who is also known by the moniker , "  the bastard . " Before he had even graduated from drama school , the Worcestershire native won the lead role in the West End production of "  War Horse . " Calling from London , the 25 year old actor is unfailingly polite , apologizing profusely for having missed a scheduled time to chat . Harington also admits  jokingly  that he ca n't really consider himself an English actor because he never appeared in the "  Harry Potter " series . "  It 's mad is n't it ? " he remarks . "  I kind of wanted to audition for ` Harry ' when it was first being done but I think I was a year too old . " The actor talked to CNN about the new season of his hit series  HBO is owned by CNN 's parent company  , the dirty business of acting on the show and his swordsmanship . CNN : What can we expect this season ? Kit Harington : Basically you can expect the world we 're in to break apart in a way . Everything we 've established in this world , this world disintegrates around us . But it 's very much in the vein of where we left it . It gets more brutal I guess , more blood and guts and more sex . CNN : Do n't you love that ? Harington : I do , I think it 's important in a way . In our show the sex can be a source of humor . It can also be more serious than that , it sort of tells the story of how women are treated in the world . It kind of strikes a balance in that way I think it 's important for shows to show sex . CNN : Are you encouraged to not wash your hair ? Harington : I do n't wash it anyway when I 'm filming . It 's my choice in a kind of strange little way . I think when we shot the pilot one of the things that was wrong about it was that everybody looked too clean . There was n't enough dirt on people 's faces . Hair was too slicked back . When they saw the pilot they rang and said , "  Can you grow your hair ? Grow a beard , we want it to look a bit dirtier and grubbier and more visceral . " We were in Iceland for about a month and I kind of let it build up . It was very , very nice to wash it by the end . CNN : Do you also refrain from showering ? Harington : No . I shower . CNN : So you 're not really committed to the role . Harington :  Laughs  Yeah possibly . I can try that next season , although I think people might have complaints . CNN : Do you put dirt under your fingernails ? Harington : Yeah we go into hair and makeup and they just shove loads of dirt on you . CNN : Everyone must have reeked back then . Harington : The sets reek as well . I remember for season one there was a gutted deer carcass they brought on and this was n't a fake prosthetic deer carcass and by the end of the day it had started to ferment and the smell coming off it was unreal . On any day on the set you 've got horse s *** , oh sorry -- pardon -- and it can be quite a disgraceful place to be . CNN : Your character is called the bastard . Harington : It 's a weird one that because in the world we set it in it means the same thing but it also means something different . It 's strange but I quite like it . CNN : Ever been called it in public ? Harington : There have been a couple of times when I 've been called it on the street and I 've said , "  Hey wait why are you calling me ... " Oh that 's right , I see . CNN : Have you become handy with a sword ? Harington : There 's a huge difference between stage fighting and real sword fighting . I feel comfortable with a sword now , I quite enjoy wielding one . I would n't profess to be good in a real life and death situation . Enough to maybe hopefully impress the ladies . CNN : You were in the London stage production of "  War Horse . " Were you upset that you were n't cast in the movie ? Harington : It was kind of a weird win win situation for me in that I was ramping up for "  Thrones " when it was being cast , anyway , so I kind of had long hair and a beard and I did n't really look like a young farm boy anymore , but I did go for it and I got a recall . For me it was like I 'd done "  War Horse " for a year and if I got the film , great , but at the same time I kind of wanted to move on by that stage . So I did n't mind at all when it went no further . CNN : Is your name really Kit ? Harington : It 's my name . It 's short for Christopher . I did n't know my name was Christopher until I was 11 . I went to school , you do these exams and I put down Kit Harington and the teacher said , "  That 's not your name , " and I said , "  Yeah I think I 'd know my own name ! " They were like , "  No no your name is Christopher . " I was a bit pissed off with my mum . You did n't tell me my name till I was 11 !	Kit Harington plays Jon Snow , the illegitimate son of Ned , on HBO 's "  Game of Thrones " Harington : "  I do n't wash -LSB- my hair -RSB- anyway when I 'm filming . " Harington : "  There 's a huge difference between stage fighting and real sword fighting "
Baghdad  CNN  -- A bomb exploded on Thursday night in a popular coffee shop in western Baghdad , killing at least 27 people and wounding 51 others , city police officials said . The bomb was hidden in a plastic bag and then put in a cafe in the Iraqi capital 's al-Amriya neighborhood , where it detonated around 10 p.m.  3 p.m. ET  , according to police . They estimated the device contained about two kilograms of highly explosive material . The explosion ripped through the three-story building , which also includes an ice cream parlor on the first floor and medical offices on the second floor . The coffee shop was on the third floor . Most of those killed and hurt were young men , though four children were among the dead , police said . Mostly Sunni Muslims live in the neighborhood , which is surrounded by walls except for one checkpoint staffed by Iraqi soldiers . The violence follows a spate of attacks preceding the country 's provincial elections , set for Saturday . On Wednesday , three people died and 16 were wounded in four explosions in and around Baghdad , according to police . There is concern that the security situation could affect the outcome of the vote , especially if Iraqis do n't participate because of fears that polling stations may come under attack . U.N. official Martin Kobler appealed Thursday for security forces to be on "  heightened alert " so that citizens can vote "  in a safe environment without fear of violence . " In the same statement , Kobler -- the special representative in Iraq for the U.N. secretary-general -- stressed that Iraqi leaders must "  collectively endure a transparent and peaceful election , free of intimidation or political interference . " And he urged Iraqis to vote , casting it as their patriotic duty . "  I am calling on all women and men to cast their ballots for a better future for them and their children , " Kobler said . "  My appeal goes particularly to young Iraqis , because you are the future of this country . " CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq reported from Baghdad and Greg Botelho wrote this story from Atlanta .	NEW : Four of at least 27 people killed are children , police say NEW : The building targeted in western Baghdad had an ice cream shop and medical offices A bomb was hidden in a plastic bag and detonated around 10 p.m. local time There have been several attacks ahead of Saturday 's provincial elections
CNN  -- A federal agency in charge of safety on the roads wants an outright ban on using mobile phones while driving . But what if we 're just too hooked on our smartphones and other digital gadgets to care ? For many drivers in 2011 , a phone is as vital an in-car accessory as a radio , a map or a cup holder . Spend a few minutes watching motorists backed up at a traffic light and you 'll see a large chunk of them on their smartphones : talking , texting , peering at a digital map or playing "  Angry Birds . " Enough , says the National Transportation Safety Board , which on Tuesday issued its most sweeping recommendation on mobile-phone use yet -- that all nonemergency talking , texting or other use by drivers be made illegal . That would include hands-free devices as well as handheld ones . Reaction has been heated . There seems to be across-the-board agreement , even on the part of some self-admitted offenders , that a ban on drivers using their hands to text and talk makes sense . But after that , things get more complicated . And some critics are saying that any law targeting phone use in cars is already too late . "  Mobile phones are omnipresent . Virtually every adult and many kids have one , " Detroit Free Press auto columnist Mark Phelan wrote Wednesday . "  No law will change the fact that people expect to remain in touch while they 're behind the wheel . " The NTSB 's proposed ban , he said , would be "  the most pointless and universally ignored law since Prohibition . " "  Imagine the old 55-mph speed limit , only without radar detectors , " he wrote . In the United States , more than 35 % of adults own a Web-enabled smartphone and more than 83 % own a mobile phone of some kind , according to a recent Pew study . At any given daylight moment , some 13.5 million U.S. drivers are on handheld phones , according to a study released last week by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration . Some 3,092 roadway fatalities last year involved distracted drivers , although the actual number may be far higher , the NHTSA said . Federal officials have taken to calling phone use behind the wheel "  the new DUI . " Alex Hughes of Austin , Texas , says he does n't use his phone while actively driving . But at stoplights , he admitted , he 'll do everything from texting and checking e-mail to reading news stories , checking Facebook and posting to Twitter . "  I like to be able to maximize the use of my time , " he said . "  I do n't see there being a big harm in multitasking when my car is stopped so long as I maintain awareness of what traffic around me is doing . " Many CNN Tech readers who responded to a call for thoughts on the issue said they do n't understand a distinction the NTSB plan makes between phones and systems that come installed in cars , like Ford 's SYNC , which enables voice calls , online music services and other phone-like features . "  I make and receive phone calls via my hands-free equipment and I use the phone for GPS navigation . All of this I could do freely if I have the right optional extras in my car , " said Trevor Cudmore of Bayport , New York . "  Should radios and GPS navigation also be banned from cars ? Laws exist in most states banning texting and making phone calls without hand-free equipment -- the issue is that these laws are not being enforced . " The use of mobile GPS also was mentioned frequently by both readers and online pundits . Virtually every mobile operating system has some sort of mapping app to help drivers get from Point A to Point B . What sense does it make , the logic goes , to ban phones in the car while allowing apps that are created , almost exclusively , to be used in the car ? "  G  iven that GPS is now an integral part of most smartphones , and that services like OnStar integrate voice commands to phones via Bluetooth , it 's not clear how effective or enforceable a total ban would be -- or whether it would change the behavior of drivers in a significant way , " wrote Sean Gallagher for tech blog Ars Technica , a CNN content partner . "  Bans on handheld phone use have n't significantly reduced the likelihood of drivers to take incoming calls while they 're driving regardless of the type of phone they have . " A bigger safety issue could arise , Cudmore said , if such tools are banned . "  If cell phones are banned , those of us without GPS installed in the car will need to revert back to paper maps or printed directions , " he said . Which is more dangerous , listening to my phone 's GPS navigation or reading a set of printed instructions ? Let 's be honest , before GPS when everyone used maps , did we all pull over to the side of the road to read the next instruction once we reached a waypoint ? If used correctly , these devices are improving safety . " Any ban on cell phone use in cars probably would n't become law for a while . The NTSB does n't have any lawmaking power and Congress would have to pass any law regarding phones and driving , although the safety board has helped push ideas into law before . Getting such a law through Congress , given the current gridlock in Washington , could be a torturous process . Currently a patchwork of laws governs cell phone usage by drivers . Some 35 states ban text messaging while driving , 30 states ban cell phone use by novice drivers , and 10 ban all use of handheld cell phones , according to the NTSB .	Federal board suggests a ban on phones while driving , but many balk at the idea Many support banning texting while driving , but say hands-free , GPS should remain legal Auto industry columnist says law would be "  most ignored since Prohibition "
Dallas  CNN  A generation of troops have served grueling tours of duty in Afghanistan and Iraq since the 9/11 attacks , but few have gripped the country 's conscience in the way Chris Kyle has . In the autobiography that inspired the blockbuster film "  American Sniper , " Kyle wrote that his work on Iraqi battlefields earned him the nickname "  Legend . " That 's what those fighting with Kyle called him . His enemies used another nickname . They dubbed him "  al-Shaitan Ramad , " or the Devil of Ramadi , indicating the fear a man can instill in his foes when he 's capable of taking out a target from a distance of almost 1.2 miles . Of course , he was n't the only sniper engaged in those epic battles of the Iraq War , but the legend of Kyle resonates with a wide American audience . Not only did his autobiography spend weeks on best-seller lists , but the Clint Eastwood-directed film , which has earned six Oscar nominations , including best picture , has shattered the box-office record for a war movie , previously held by "  Saving Private Ryan . " Despite all the talk of war 's complications , Kyle 's view of the Iraq War was unapologetically simplistic . "  I wanted to go to war . I signed up to protect this country . I do not choose the wars . It happens that I love to fight , " he wrote in his autobiography . After completing four tours of duty in Iraq with at least 160 confirmed sniper kills , Kyle said he never had regrets about plying his deadly trade . Even if he had to take out a woman cradling a toddler -- as he reportedly did on his first sniper assignment -- he had no qualms pulling the trigger if it saved the lives of the Marines whom he was charged with protecting . "  It was my duty to shoot and I do n't regret it , " Kyle wrote in his book . "  After the first kill , the others come easy . I do n't have to psych myself up , or do anything special mentally . " Fame weighs on trial of accused killer As a Navy SEAL , Kyle fought in some of the Iraq War 's most vicious battles , including Falluja , Ramadi and Sadr City , and while 160 was his tally of confirmed kills , he had 95 probable kills that could n't be verified . His reputation for taking out insurgents resulted in an $ 80,000 bounty being placed on his head during the war . Kyle 's autobiography , which he wrote with the help of authors Scott McEwen and Jim DeFelice , was published eight months after SEAL Team Six executed the operation that killed Osama bin Laden . That historic operation spurred fascination with the inner workings and personalities that make up one of the U.S. military 's most secret and elite forces , yet many military veterans are leery of all the attention Kyle has received . Kyle , they say , was one of tens of thousands of troops who served heroically in the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan . "  You remove Chris Kyle from the story , there 's 20,000 other heroes that you can put in there , " said CNN global affairs analyst James Reese , who runs Tiger Swan , a security consulting firm founded by ex-members of the U.S. Army 's elite Delta Force . Reese , who himself was a sniper , and served separately as a Delta Force commander during battles in Falluja , said special forces operators carry a mystique that appeals to Americans who 've never served in the military . "  They are very dynamic , " Reese said . "  People are drawn to them . They are American heroes . But they 're all American heroes . " But there is a side to Kyle that 's overlooked . It 's left out of the book and movie , but a series of now-debunked stories have served only to make Kyle 's legend larger . In his autobiography , Kyle wrote about a confrontation with a celebrity whom he called "  Scruff Face , " later identified as former Minnesota Gov. Jesse Ventura . Kyle claimed in his book that Ventura told him that the SEALs "  deserve to lose a few " in the wars and then , "  I laid him out . " Ventura said the incident never happened and sued Kyle for defamation . Last year , a jury ordered Kyle 's estate to pay Ventura nearly $ 2 million . The verdict is being appealed . It is just one story in a collection of outlandish tales that Kyle reportedly repeated often . Kyle bragged about traveling into New Orleans in the days after Hurricane Katrina with a fellow sniper and shooting at least 30 looters from the roof of the Superdome . There 's no evidence anything of the sort ever occurred . And then there 's the story Kyle told of how he killed two men who tried to carjack him while he was stopped at a gas station along a rural highway southwest of Dallas . When police arrived to investigate and ran his driver 's license , Kyle said , they received a phone number for someone at the Department of Defense . The story ends with the police officers letting Kyle drive away . Kyle told the gas station story to Michael Mooney , a writer for D Magazine who was working on a profile . Mooney spent months trying to verify the story , he said . He interviewed people at every gas station along the stretch of highway where the shooting allegedly happened . He spoke with state and local law enforcement officials in three counties . Nobody had ever heard of the incident . "  He was a hero . He was the most celebrated war hero of our time , " Mooney said . "  It 's really hard to know what to think . We do n't know . The fact is he was killed , and there 's no way to get an answer from him now . " CNN asked Kyle 's widow , Taya , to shed light on why her husband told these stories , but she declined the interview request . A representative said she was not available to speak about the incidents . At Kyle 's funeral , which , befitting the grandeur of his legend , was held in the Dallas Cowboys ' massive football stadium , Taya Kyle did not shy away from her husband 's darker side . "  I do n't need to romanticize Chris because our reality is messy , passionate , full of every extreme emotion known to man , including fear , compassion , anger and pain , " she said . Despite his well-reported shortcomings , it 's difficult to overlook his life after the Navy and how he touched and inspired so many people . While he was working to launch a security company -- Craft International , whose motto is , "  Despite what your momma told you , violence does solve problems " -- Kyle dedicated much time to helping fellow veterans with mental health issues transition back to normal life after the battlefield . The struggle consumed him in many ways . "  War one day ; peace the next , " Kyle wrote in his book . It 's also the work that led to his February 2 , 2013 , death . Kyle had taken his friend , Chad Littlefield , and fellow veteran Eddie Ray Routh to the firing range that day . A hunting guide would later find Kyle and Littlefield dead . Routh was charged in their deaths . A jury was seated Monday and opening statements in the capital murder trial are slated to begin Wednesday . For many of the military 's elite , the decision to leave the battlefield is an excruciating one . The sense of duty to protect fellow troops is a feeling that Kyle struggled to let go . There 's also a sense of glory and power that snipers find hard to walk away from . "  We 're trained to go out and kill people , " Chris Kyle wrote in his autobiography . "  And then at the same time , we 're also being taught to think of ourselves as invincible bad asses . That 's a pretty potent combination . " Correction : Earlier versions of this report incorrectly described the military background of Chad Littlefield , who was killed with Chris Kyle . Littlefield was not a veteran . CNN 's Jason Morris contributed to this report .	Jury seated in capital murder trial of Eddie Routh , charged in Kyle 's killing Chris Kyle was called "  Legend , " but insurgents called him the Devil of Ramadi Stories since his 2013 death reveal Kyle had both a soft and a dark side
CNN  -- The world wants to like America . The guiding values that Thomas Jefferson articulated so eloquently -- life , liberty , and the pursuit of happiness -- resonate strongly around the world , transcending countless superficial and cultural differences , not because these are American values , but because they are universal values , embedded in the human heart . Americans must outgrow the unbecoming arrogance that leads us to assert that America somehow owns a monopoly on goodness and truth -- a belief that leads some to view the world as but a stage on which to play out the great historical drama : the United States of America versus the Powers of Evil . The language of good versus evil is precisely the language of the fundamentalists whose worldview we oppose . Once we define as evil those who counter us , we lose the moral high ground and begin to descend an exceedingly slippery ethical slope . Sufis teach that we first must battle and destroy the evil within ourselves by shining upon it the good within , and then we learn to battle the evil in others by helping their higher selves gain control of their lower selves . TED.com : Robert Wright explains where compassion comes from To battle the evil of others by responding in kind and exhibiting equally violent aggressive behavior is to flout the very ethic of our religious traditions ; it is also to violate the Geneva conventions , international law , the United Nations , world opinion , and even our own Bill of Rights . If we truly believe that God is on our side , rather than making sure that we are on God 's side , we slip into the illusion that sees no measure as too extreme -- a delusion that captivates every extremist heart . We have two powerful tools with which to bridge the chasm separating the United States from the Muslim world : faith in the basic goodness of humanity and trust in the power of sincerity and dialogue to overcome differences with our fellow human beings . This faith and this trust are taught by all the Abrahamic traditions . They define the Abrahamic ethic , which lies at the core of our American Declaration of Independence , and America needs to rely more heavily on them , as do our fellow actors on the stage of history . TED.com : Rev. James Forbes on learning compassion at the dinner table What 's right with America and what 's right with Islam have a lot in common . At their highest levels , both worldviews reflect an enlightened recognition that all of humankind shares a common Creator -- that we are , indeed , brothers and sisters . In 1883 , when Emma Lazarus wrote the words that celebrate the beautiful lady who stands so resolutely in New York 's harbor , she was not imagining an isolationist empire-nation bent only on pursuing its own unilateral vision for the world . Rather , she had in mind a nation resting securely on its foundations of democracy , freedom , and human rights , of which Jefferson , Adams , Franklin , and the other great fathers and mothers of this nation dreamed . It is humanity 's dream -- rich with hope and idealism for a troubled world -- that the great lady in the harbor symbolizes . To hold high the lamp of freedom , hope , and friendship is America 's greatest gift to the world -- and its sacred responsibility . As I sailed into New York on the cold wintry morning of Wednesday , December 22 , 1965 , on the Italian SS Michelangelo , I beheld the Statue of Liberty and wondered what America had in store for me . Little did I realize then that I was to discover the riches of my faith tradition in this land . Like many immigrants from Muslim lands , I discovered my Islam in America . I therefore entertain a wish , shared by my reading of my noble scripture , the Quran , regarding all religions , including Judaism and Christianity -- the very same wish entertained by all who have taken part in interfaith dialogue across the ages . TED.com : Karen Armstrong 's wish to revive the Golden Rule I wish for humankind to drink deeply from that rich , nourishing current of spiritual traditions -- those immutable principles of divine origin that have been given form in so many ways in human societies . Religion must be more than mere custom or habit , more than the transient styles and cultural fashions of passing ages . Religion , which speaks to the eternal in us , must be the foundation of a robust , harmonious society and the animating principle of the whole life of a people . To read more from "  What 's Right With Islam , " please click here The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Imam Feisal Abdul Rauf .	Imam Feisal Abdul Rauf says Islam and America have much in common He says both have faith in goodness of humanity and in unity of people He says viewing the world as a struggle between good and evil leads to extremism , arrogance America 's values are its greatest gift to the world , he says
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Two German doctors treated Michael Jackson 's insomnia with propofol 12 years before he died from an overdose of the surgical anesthetic , his former wife testified Wednesday . Debbie Rowe , who is the mother of Jackson 's two oldest children , is being forced to testify about the singer 's drug use by lawyers for AEG Live , the concert promoter being sued by members of Jackson 's family , who say the promoter is responsible for his death . Doctors "  would try to outbid " each other on who could give Michael Jackson "  the better drug " for his pain , Rowe testified Wednesday . Jackson family matriarch Katherine Jackson sat Wednesday morning in the front row of the small courtroom , where she has spent much of the past 16 weeks watching the trial . Dr. Allen Metzger -- Jackson 's general practitioner in the United States -- arranged for the German anesthesiologists to infuse the singer with propofol in a Munich hotel in July 1997 after sedatives failed to help him sleep between concerts , Rowe testified . "  I think they tried it and it had n't worked and if he could n't sleep , he could n't perform , " she testified . Jackson "  was at the end of his rope ; he did n't know what else to do . " He "  felt better " after eight hours of propofol-induced sleep and decided to get a second treatment after his second Munich show , she said . Metzger testified at the criminal trial of Dr. Conrad Murray that he was never involved in giving propofol treatments for Jackson and was not aware of the drug until much later . Rowe , who met Jackson when she worked as a nurse in the Beverly Hills office of Dr. Arnold Klein , backed away from her previous statement at her deposition in which she said doctors also gave Jackson propofol infusions in hotels in France during the HIStory tour . AEG Live contends that Jackson used propofol for years to treat his insomnia , including when Rowe was traveling with him in Europe in the 1990s . The coroner ruled Jackson died on June 25 , 2009 , from a propofol overdose administered by Murray , who is serving a prison sentence for involuntary manslaughter . Rowe testified that Jackson underwent surgery in 1993 to repair burns suffered years earlier . His doctors "  could n't get a grip of the pain " and that two doctors "  were having a pissing contest over who gave him the better drug . " "  Michael had a very low pain tolerance , and his fear of pain was incredible , " Rowe testified . "  And I think that doctors took advantage of him that way . " Rowe has rarely given interviews since her divorce from the pop icon , although she did testify in her former husband 's defense during his child molestation trial in 2005 . Jackson was acquitted on all charges in that case . Jackson lawyers smiled as the trial recessed for the lunch break , indicating that they believed the defense witness was actually supporting their case . "  Michael respected doctors immensely , that they went to school , that they studied and to do no harm , " Rowe said . "  Unfortunately , some of the doctors decided that when Michael was in pain or something that they would try to outbid on who could give him the better drug and so he listened to those doctors . " Rowe said many of the doctors who treated Jackson were "  idiots , " including the dermatologist she worked for from 1979 until she quit in 1996 before she married Jackson . "  The only physician who ever cared for Michael as Michael was Allen Metzger , " Rowe testified . "  So Metzger continued as his doctor ? " AEG Live lawyer Marvin Putnam asked . "  I do n't know , because Conrad Murray got in there and killed him , " Rowe replied -- a reference to the doctor AEG Live is accused of hiring . AEG Live executives , who were promoting and producing Jackson 's comeback concerts , had no way of knowing that Murray was infusing him with propofol each night for two months in the spring of 2009 , Putnam said . "  Almost no one knew until after his death , " he said . "  AEG Live certainly did n't know about it . " The Jackson family 's lawyers contend that the promoters ignored warning signs that Jackson 's health was deteriorating during the two months before his death . Instead of getting him to another doctor who might have saved his life , they gave Murray the responsibility of getting Jackson to rehearsals , they argue . Michael Jackson 's mother and three of her children contend AEG Live is liable in his death because it negligently hired , retained or supervised Murray . The company 's agreement to pay Murray $ 150,000 a month put the doctor in a conflict of interest because he was in deep debt and could not risk losing the job by refusing Jackson 's demands for propofol , their lawyers contend . AEG Live argues that while its executives negotiated with Murray to serve as Jackson 's physician for the "  This Is It " tour , it was Jackson who chose and controlled the doctor . One revelation from Rowe was that a Beverly Hills plastic surgeon faked doing a procedure on Jackson on two occasions , although he told the singer he had done it . Jackson complained about painful scars in his nose and went to Dr. Steven Hoefflin to inject them with collagen , she said . "  He put Michael out and did n't do anything but put tape on him as if he had treated him , " Rowe testified . The doctor told her he did that because he could not find the scars Jackson thought were there . Wednesday is the 69th day of testimony in the trial , which the judge told jurors would likely be given to them for deliberations in late September . Jury applauds witness in trial	NEW : Debbie Rowe describes 2 instances when Jackson used propofol for sleep "  Doctors took advantage " of Michael Jackson because of his pain , Rowe testifies Rowe is the mother of Jackson 's two oldest children AEG Live contends Jackson secretly used propofol for years to treat his insomnia
A court in Indonesia on Monday rejected the appeal of a 56-year-old British grandmother sentenced to death for drug trafficking on the island of Bali . A spokesman for the Denpasar High Court told CNN that it upheld the sentence handed down by the Denpasar District Court in January but gave no reasons for the decision . Prosecutors in Bali had asked for a 15-year sentence for Lindsay June Sandiford , who was arrested last May carrying what officials said was cocaine worth an estimated $ 2.6 million . Sandiford , from northeast England , was found to have blocks of cocaine weighing 4.7 kilograms  10.4 pounds  in her suitcase when she arrived on the island , the court heard during her original trial . Britain 's Foreign and Commonwealth Office expressed its disappointment at Monday 's decision . "  The UK strongly opposes the death penalty and has repeatedly made representations to the Indonesian government on this matter . We will continue to provide consular assistance to her at this difficult time . " The UK-based group Reprieve , which works to secure the human rights of prisoners around the world , said neither Sandiford nor her lawyer had yet been formally informed of the outcome of the appeal . The next step would be to file an appeal with the Supreme Court , Reprieve investigator Zoe Bedford said . But , she said , "  Lindsay 's lawyer has exhausted all the funds which were kindly donated by the public and Lindsay 's friends and family to cover his expenses for the appeal to the High Court . If her appeal has been unsuccessful , Lindsay will now need to somehow raise the funds for legal representations for an appeal to the Supreme Court . " Read more : Death penalty is what harms Bali 's reputation According to the original trial judges , the defendant showed no regret for what she did , Indonesian state news agency Antara reported . "  We were surprised by the decision , because we never expected the death penalty , " Ezra Karo Karo , a lawyer acting for Sandiford , told Antara in January . He said the judge did not consider mitigating circumstances in his client 's case , such as that she acted under the threat of violence to her family , the news agency reported . Indonesia , the world 's most populous Muslim nation , has strict laws against drug trafficking . The head of Bali 's Customs and Excise Agency monitoring division , Made Wijaya , warned at the time of her arrest that Sandiford could face execution if convicted . "  The main reason is because narcotics can massively endanger the young and , thus , whoever is caught with drugs should be severely punished . If three people can consume one gram of cocaine , then this operation has potentially saved up to 14,000 lives , " he said . Reprieve has previously said Sandiford was a vulnerable person who should not have been sentenced so harshly . "  Lindsay has always maintained that she only agreed to carry the package to Bali after receiving threats against the lives of her family , " said Harriet McCulloch of Reprieve in January . "  She is clearly not a drug kingpin -- she has no money to pay for a lawyer , for the travel costs of defense witnesses or even for essentials like food and water . " The High Court spokesman said the appeal decision was made on April 2 but still needs to be ratified by the lower court .	UK rights group Reprieve says Sandiford can not afford to pay for a further appeal The death penalty is upheld against Lindsay June Sandiford , 56 , for smuggling cocaine Her lawyer argued that she acted under the threat of violence to her family British Foreign and Commonwealth Office opposed the sentence
CNN  -- A jury Friday acquitted W.R. Grace & Company and three of its former executives of having knowingly exposed mine workers and residents of Libby , Montana , to asbestos . The W.R. Grace plant in Libby , Montana , in an undated photograph . "  We at Grace are gratified by today 's verdict and thank the men and women of the jury who were open to hearing the facts , " said Fred Festa , chairman , president and CEO of the company in a written statement . "  We always believed that Grace and its former executives had acted properly and that a jury would come to the same conclusion when confronted with the evidence . " Festa said that during the time Grace owned and operated a vermiculite mine in Libby , "  the company worked hard to keep the operations in compliance with the laws and standards of the day . " The jury began deliberating Thursday and returned its verdict Friday morning . The Department of Justice 's response to the verdict , which came after a three-month trial , was measured . "  The jury has spoken , and we thank them for their service , " said a written statement issued by the office of public affairs . "  We are refraining from further comment at this juncture because one individual awaits trial in connection with this case . " Prosecutors plan to try another executive separately . Asked if the Justice Department plans to appeal , department spokesman Andrew Ames said , "  I would n't want to comment on that . " Federal prosecutors had accused the mining company and its executives of exposing Libby 's 100,000 residents to asbestos for decades , resulting in more than 200 deaths and 1,000 illnesses . The product covered patches of grass , dusted the tops of cars and drifted through the air in a hazy smoke that became a part of residents ' daily lives . "  There 's never been a case where so many people were sickened or killed by environmental crime , " said David Uhlmann in an April interview . He helped spearhead the case when he was the Justice Department 's top prosecutor of environmental crimes before stepping down in 2007 . During the trial , those who lost loved ones testified at the federal courthouse in Missoula , about 130 miles southeast of Libby , that residents had been kept in the dark about the dangers . Until 1990 , W.R. Grace & Company operated a mine in Libby that produced vermiculite , a substance used in all sorts of products , from insulation to fertilizers . The vermiculite was contaminated with tremolite asbestos -- linked to numerous illnesses including mesothelioma , a cancer that can attack the lining of the lungs , abdomen or heart . The government 's indictment alleged that W.R. Grace conspired to "  knowingly release " the asbestos . It said the company tried to hide the dangers from employees and residents , leaving them "  in imminent danger of death or serious bodily injury . " "  It was a purpose of the conspiracy to conceal and misrepresent the hazardous nature of the tremolite asbestos contaminated vermiculite , thereby enriching defendants and others , " the indictment read . The indictment also said W.R. Grace tried to "  defraud the United States and others by impairing , impeding , and frustrating " the Environmental Protection Agency and other government agencies once they launched an investigation in 1999 . The 10-count indictment included charges of wire fraud and obstruction of justice . Had it been convicted , the company could have faced criminal fines of up to $ 280 million , which is twice the value of its profits from the mine . Grace executives , who were named as defendants , could have faced prison time . The company did not deny that asbestos emanated from its plant . Nor did it question that some people had been sickened and killed , though a definitive number of deaths linked to the vermiculite plant probably will never be known . But W.R. Grace denied any kind of conspiracy . In fact , the company said , it acted responsibly and took appropriate steps . It said it had voluntarily paid millions of dollars in medical bills for 900 Libby residents . In the courtroom , defense attorneys noted that the asbestos problem dates back to about 1920 , long before W.R. Grace took over the mine in 1963 . The attorneys said that , as information about the asbestos came to light , the company took numerous steps to mitigate the dangers and were open about it . Defense attorney David Bernick said he was not surprised by the verdict . "  The evidence showed that what was going on internally with the company was anything but conspiratorial , " he told said . "  It was responsible . " However , some townspeople did not share Bernick 's view . "  I do n't see how they could have gotten out of it , " said Steven Schnetter , who worked at the mine for 17 years until it closed in 1990 . Shortly afterward , Schnetter was diagnosed with asbestosis , a lung disease caused by exposure to asbestos fibers . The 60-year-old retiree said he told his managers in the late 1980s that he was concerned to find that tremolite is a form of asbestos . "  They said , ` Oh , yeah , but it 's the short-fiber type that wo n't hurt you , ' " he said . Schnetter settled with the company for a "  small amount , " he told CNN Friday in a telephone interview . When asked about his frequent coughing , he said , "  I do that all the time . ... My lungs wo n't expand right . "	Jury acquits W.R. Grace , three former execs in asbestos exposure case Chemical company accused of hiding asbestos dangers from employees , residents Prosecutors claim pollution left 200 dead , more than 1,000 sick W.R. Grace claims it took steps to mitigate danger , paid residents ' medical bills
Duhok , Iraqi Kurdistan  CNN  In the canvas expanse of the Shariya refugee camp , thousands of Yazidis live within hearing distance of one of Iraqi Kurdistan 's frontlines with ISIS . The vast majority of the camp 's occupants are from the town of Sinjar and fled the ISIS assault there back in August . But not everyone escaped . ISIS took thousands of Yazidis captive . Men faced a choice -- convert to Islam or be shot . But the Islamist militants separated the young women and girls to be sold as sex slaves . In its fourth edition of "  Dabiq , " the ISIS online magazine , an article titled "  The revival of slavery before the hour , " outlines the group 's twisted justification and guidelines for the enslavement of the Yazidis . "  One should remember that enslaving the families of the kuffar  infidels  and taking their women as concubines is a firmly established aspect of Shariah , " the article reads . We 're told that women who have just given birth or are breastfeeding are considered impure and can not be taken as sexual slaves -- but Hanan , 19 , was neither of those things . "  They separated all of us , " she says . "  They dragged us away by our hair . They took married women , young ones . The youngest with us was just 10 . We were all crying . "  They said we are going to marry you off , you will forget your family . " ISIS : Enslaving , having sex with ` unbelieving ' women , girls is OK For the first week , Hanan was held with 50 others , regularly beaten and threatened with torture , and fed just a bowl of rice . The group was then taken to a three story building in Mosul she described as a sex slave warehouse , where hundreds of girls and women were held . "  They would line about 50 of us up at a time , in rows of 10 . They would say do n't move , do n't cry or we will beat you . The men would come in and describe the kind of girl they wanted and then they would pick and choose as they pleased , " she recalls . She was eventually chosen , part of a group of 25 . From that group Hanan was separated into a smaller group of seven and taken into a house in a village . ` Treated like cattle ' : Yazidi women sold , raped , enslaved by ISIS Two ISIS fighters guarded the door and ordered the girls to clean and bathe themselves . "  They brought in a Yazidi girl who had been with them for two months . She was wearing the black niqab . They said to us we are going to do to you what we did to her , " Hanan says . "  The girl spoke to us in Kurdish and said they beat me , they cuffed me and raped me . " Hanan and the others decided they had to try to escape . That night they crawled out the bedroom window . "  The fourth girl jumped out , I was the fifth . I crawled to the wall and was about to jump over it and then I saw their flashlight , " she tells me . "  They caught the last two girls . " They ran , and somehow evaded capture . Four hours later they were out of ISIS territory . "  If I just see someone with a beard I start shaking , " Hanan says . Now physically free but mentally still captive , Hanan remains tormented -- like so many others , by what she has been through and what those still with ISIS are being forced to endure -- a fate worse than death . Fleeing ISIS -- A Yazidi family 's tale	Hanan , 19 , was captured by ISIS when militants took the town of Sinjar She was among the women and girls separated to be sold as sex slaves
CNN  -- Borussia Dortmund 's title celebrations have been put on hold for another week after the champions-elect suffered a shock defeat on Saturday and closest rivals Bayer Leverkusen won . Dortmund would have clinched a first German crown since 2002 with victory against the Bundesliga 's bottom team if Leverkusen had drawn or lost . But the second-placed club kept the title race going into the final three games of the season with a 2-1 victory over Hoffenheim , then Borussia Monchengladbach kept alive the club 's slim survival hopes with a 1-0 victory in the late match . Defending champions Bayern could not return to third place , being held at Eintracht Frankfurt , and face a battle for the final Champions League spot with Hannover -- who beat Freiburg 3-1 on Thursday . The title race continues next weekend in a similar scenario as Dortmund host Nuremberg on Saturday and Leverkusen travel to Cologne on Sunday . Hannover win puts pressure on Bayern Dortmund 's lead was trimmed to five points after Mohamadou Idrissou 's winner 10 minutes before halftime , which moved Gladbach off the bottom on goal difference above St. Pauli and left three clubs on 29 points . Wolfsburg can climb out of that triumvirate at home to 14th-placed Cologne on Sunday , but even victory will still leave the 2008-09 champions in the relegation playoff place . Cameroon striker Idrissou held off Neven Subotic , cut in from the left and beat Dortmund keeper Roman Weidenfeller to give the home team a shock lead . Dortmund coach Jurgen Klopp brought on Mohamed Zidan and top Lucas Barrios , but the closest the visitors came to scoring was when teenager Mario Gotze hit the crossbar . Leverkusen came from behind to beat mid-table Hoffenheim , who led in the 28th minute when Iceland midfielder Gylfi Sigursson went past three men before before beating goalkeeer Rene Adler . Sigursson also hit the post before the home team equalized five minutes from halftime , when Michal Kadlec headed in Arturo Vidal 's corner . Jupp Heynckes ' side then went ahead six minutes after the break as Vidal slammed home the winner when Hoffenheim 's defense could not clear the ball from their own box . Bayern needed a controversial late penalty to salvage a point at struggling Eintracht Frankfurt , who took the lead nine minutes after halftime . The home side , hovering uncomfortably above the relegation playoff place , cheered the sellout crowd when Sebastian Rode drove in a 54th-minute shot after Bayern midfielder Anatoliy Tymoshchuk deflected Benjamin Kohler 's free-kick into his path . Theofanis Gekas should have doubled the lead but squandered two chances before Bayern received a lifeline with two minutes left when Martin Fenin was ruled to have fouled Luiz Gustavo . Mario Gomez netted the resulting penalty for his 23rd league goal this season , while angry home coach Christophe Daum was sent to the stands for arguing . Schalke 's erratic season continued as the Champions League semifinalists lost 1-0 at home to Kaiserslautern ahead of Tuesday 's visit by English leaders Manchester United . The winner came four minutes before halftime as Adam Hlousek played in Srdjan Lakic and the Croatian striker beat goalkeeper Manuel Neuer , who announced this week that he is poised to leave Schalke after deciding not to extend his contract . Kaiserslautern 's first win at Schalke in more than a decade lifted the promoted club to eight points above third-bottom Wolfsburg . St. Pauli , however , look set for an immediate return to the second division after the 3-1 home defeat by Werder Bremen left the club bottom . Fin Bartels put St. Pauli ahead in the first half , but Markus Thorandt put through his own net five minutes after the break . Then Peruvian striker Claudio Pizarro scored twice in 60 seconds with less than 20 minutes to play to lift Bremen up to 10th , a point above Kaiserslautern . Stuttgart also eased any relegation fears with a 3-0 win at home to seventh-placed Hamburg , moving seven points clear of Wolfsburg . Germany striker Cacau opened the scoring in the sixth minute and rounded off the day after substitute Christian Gentner doubled the lead with 12 to play . In Sunday 's other game , fifth-placed Mainz travel to fellow Europa League hopefuls Nuremberg .	Long-time leaders Borussia Dortmund must wait another week to clinch seventh title Second-placed Bayer Leverkusen keep race alive with victory over Hoffenheim Dortmund 's lead cut to five points with three games left after Gladbach defeat Bayern 's Champions League hopes dented by 1-1 draw at Eintracht Frankfurt
CNN  "  American Sniper " stormed the box office this past weekend with $ 105 million in ticket sales . Not since the Rambo movies have so many farmers and ranch hands buddy-upped to the popcorn counter . As much as I adore Bradley Cooper , I wo n't be seeing the movie . I ca n't see it . And my reluctance to see it has nothing to do with Michael Moore 's flippant assertion that snipers are cowards  although he said he was n't talking about the movie  . I was always taught that cowards are those who refuse to serve their country . Friends who 've seen the movie say I 'm missing out . They say it is an accurate portrayal of what happens in war . One friend , who declares herself as a pacifist , urged me to go . "  Far from glorifying war , it made war look brutal , and a means of destroying people for life , " she said . What I keep wondering is why all these moviegoers were n't lining up to volunteer for war . Before his ironic death , Chris Kyle , on whom the movie is based , denounced Hollywood 's version of war . "  Hollywood fantasizes about it and makes it look good . It -- war sucks , " he told Fox News ' Bill O'Reilly in 2012 . Clint Eastwood deserves credit for the truth he does show . Women and children are killed more often than Americans like to consider . And good soldiers are always haunted by the comrades they could n't save . I know . The surgeon who tried to save my soldier father in Vietnam 's Ia Drang Valley still considers July 24 , 1966 , one of the worst days of his life . The men who were there that day tell me that my father grabbed Doc 's arm and begged him , "  Do n't let me die . " Doc did his best to save my father . I have thanked him for that . Still , he regrets that he did n't save him , and I hate that he lives with that . Maybe that 's why I ca n't see the movie . When you have experienced firsthand the multitude of ways war wreaks havoc on families , you have little tolerance for the mythmaking that war always seems to invoke . Not to mention the patriotic , almost nationalistic fervor that accompanies a flag-draped coffin . Related : Why ` American Sniper ' is a smash hit When my father died there were no crowds gathered at Cowboys Stadium , no JumboTron displaying pictures of the family man my father was , and no front-page stories . There was just a broken family feeling very abandoned by an ungrateful nation . The other reason I ca n't see the movie is my friend Sgt. Gordon Wofford . Gordon was serving with 9th Infantry Regiment  Manchu  , 25th Infantry Division when he was struck by a sniper 's bullet on May 28 , 1970 . The bullet took out his lower jaw and all of his teeth . The company medic , Spec . Ronald Krebsbach , was killed by the next bullet while yanking Gordon to safety . Gordon spent 19 months at Walter Reed relearning skills toddlers know : How to chew . How to talk . How not to slobber all over himself . When I met him in 2005 , Gordon was not getting help for his post-traumatic stress disorder . He did n't think he deserved benefits . Before his death from cancer in 2009 , Gordon and I forged a friendship from our experiences in war -- his as a soldier , mine as a Gold Star daughter . Every day as he went through the motions of putting in a set of false teeth , Gordon remembered the sniper he so longed to forget . Krebsbach , the medic , left behind a young pregnant wife . That always haunted Gordon . He felt bad that he had lived and Krebsbach had died . I serve on a couple of boards of national organizations for veterans . I know by name the men and women who have suffered the aftermath of war . They are not fictional characters to me . Their numbers are in my cell phone . I have wept with them at the Vietnam Memorial Wall in Washington and at graves at Arlington National Cemetery . I have buried my Gold Star mother beside the only man she ever loved , my father . Why ` American Sniper ' is a smash hit Hollywood has a way of fictionalizing war , of making it all about "  us " and "  them . " "  Ragheads " was one of the names Kyle gave to the Iraqi people . He said he did n't give a "  flying f**k about the Iraqis . " Kyle dehumanized them . He had to . That 's how the military trains snipers like him . "  Every person I killed I strongly believe that they were bad , " Kyle told the BBC . I have traveled to my father 's battlefield in Vietnam and I have befriended Vietnamese who lost even more than I did during the war . I have learned there is no "  us " and "  them . " There is only "  us . " Humanity . All of us . I wish Hollywood would make a war movie that gets that point across .	Karen Spears Zacharias : Hollywood should not glorify war and make it about "  us " vs. "  them " She describes her father 's death and a friend 's serious injury in Vietnam War When you 've experienced effects of war firsthand , she says , you lose tolerance for mythmaking
CNN  -- A month of conflict has displaced about 413,000 people in South Sudan , the United Nations said Wednesday , after a major surge in the number of people fleeing violence in the past week . Representatives of the government and rebels have been holding talks in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia , but fighting continues to wrack the world 's newest country . Hundreds of people have been wounded and thousands displaced by heavy fighting over the past few days , Medecins Sans Frontieres  MSF  said Wednesday . The group , also known as Doctors Without Borders , said its teams had treated 116 people suffering from gunshot wounds in the towns of Malakal and Nasir in Upper Nile state amid clashes there and elsewhere . The violence has also forced about 78,000 to flee to neighboring countries , the United Nations said , on top of the hundreds of thousands displaced within South Sudan 's borders . Many are women and children . More than 42,000 people are now in Uganda 's West Nile region , according to the United Nations ' refugee agency , the UNHCR , while about 18,600 have sought refuge in Ethiopia . Nearly 6,800 people from Jonglei have fled to Kenya , many of them children . And an estimated 10,000 have fled into Sudan 's volatile West Kordofan and South Kordofan states . The U.N. refugee agency warned Tuesday that with fighting still reported in parts of South Sudan , particularly Jonglei and Upper Nile states , it expects more displacement both within and beyond its borders . The exodus has been fueled by the fighting and people 's fears , combined with worsening living conditions and a lack of food in some places , UNHCR spokesman Adrian Edwards told reporters in Geneva , Switzerland . Many South Sudanese men are taking their families to the Ugandan border and leaving them there before returning to their country , he said . "  From the refugees we have spoken to , we are hearing eyewitness accounts of killings , houses being burnt and shooting , " Edwards said . Within South Sudan , about 65,000 people have sought sanctuary at U.N. bases . The country erupted into violence on December 15 , when rebels loyal to ousted Vice President Riek Machar tried to stage a coup . Since then , militia members loyal to Machar have battled government forces loyal to President Salva Kiir . Malta foreign minister : Country ` can not offer ' migrants opportunities Fleeing families drown U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon has condemned anti- and pro-government forces for stealing food and vehicles used by the humanitarian community . In a statement issued on Tuesday , his spokesperson said Ban was "  alarmed by the rising number of fatalities resulting from the continuing fighting in South Sudan " and reiterated those responsible for attacks against civilians , humanitarian workers and UN personnel will be held to account . The U.N. Mission in South Sudan reported heavy fighting Tuesday between pro- and anti-government forces in Malakal , in Upper Nile state in the northeast of the country . Stray shots injured dozens of displaced people who 'd sought refuge at a nearby U.N. base , the mission said . MSF said the medical needs of the displaced are placing existing health facilities under increasing pressure , with some clinics and hospitals already overwhelmed . The group added it was reinforcing emergency teams to deal with the rising health and humanitarian needs . "  While we continue to treat more wounded patients in our hospitals every day , we are also concerned about the living conditions of the hundreds of thousands of displaced people across the country , most of whom fled their homes with nothing and have little food , water , or access to health care , " Raphael Gorgeu , MSF head of mission in South Sudan , said in a statement . "  The fighting in Malakal over the past few days has limited our ability to reach displaced people where they are gathering , preventing people from receiving the medical and humanitarian assistance they desperately need . " Between 200 and 300 women and children who were fleeing fighting drowned when an overloaded ferry overturned on a river near Malakal over the weekend , an army spokesman said . On Tuesday , Ghana said it was preparing to send 850 troops to join a U.N. peacekeeping mission in South Sudan . The U.N. Food and Agriculture Organization appealed this week for $ 61 million to help it provide food assistance to those in need . Even before the violence broke out last month , about 4.4 million people were expected to face food insecurity this year , an agency news release said . Now , many more are at risk of hunger . South Sudan seceded from Sudan in 2011 after decades of war . CNN 's Antonia Mortensen , Marie-Louise Gumuchian and Nana Karikari-apau contributed to this report .	NEW : Hundreds wounded in heavy fighting over past few days , MSF says NEW : U.N. chief condemns govt , rebel forces for stealing humanitarian aid About 413,000 people have been forced from their homes in South Sudan Fighting erupted in mid-December and continues despite peace talks in Ethiopia
CNN  -- Venus Williams is through to the final of the Madrid Open , where she will face Frenchwoman Aravane Rezai , after crushing Shahar Peer in straight sets on Saturday . The American , who will move up to number two in the world on Monday , behind her younger sister Serena , eased past Israeli Peer 6-3 6-0 to remain on course for her 44th career title . The victory also maintained Venus ' impressive form this year , with Madrid becoming her fourth final appearance in just six events . Looking ahead to the French Open , a tournament she has never won , Venus told the official WTA Tour Web site : "  I feel like I 've had a good career on clay courts . "  Ultimately the goal is to win the French -- I 've come close . I 'd like to take it one more step . But my mindset right now is just on this tournament , " added the 29-year-old . Unseeded Rezai was handed an even easier passage to the final after opponent Lucie Safarova was forced to withdraw from the other semifinal through injury , after losing the opening set 6-1 .	American Venus Williams is through to the final of the Madrid Open Venus beat Israeli Shahar Peer 6-3 6-0 to secure her place against Aravane Rezai Rezai secured her place after opponent Lucie Safarova retired through injury
CNN  -- Suzann Pettersen denied 16-year-old amateur Lydia Ko a fairtytale first major triumph as the Norwegian took the Evian Championship in France Sunday . The 32-year-old Norwegian carded a final round 68 to hold off Ko in the fifth and final major of the women 's season . The tournament -- which was awarded major status for the first time this year -- had been reduced to 54 holes due to inclement weather conditions . Pettersen 's 10-under-par total of 203 left her two shots clear of New Zealand 's Ko , who was born in South Korea . Ko , a prodigious teenage talent , has already accumulated four wins on the professional LPGA Tour , but could not match her more experienced rival on the final day , carding a one-under 70 . As overnight leader Mika Miyazato of Japan fell away to a 79 , Ko hit the front with a birdie at the first hole . But Pettersen , one of the stars of Europe 's Solheim Cup win last month , went ahead with a birdie at the eighth . She had a brief scare when finding the trees on the par four 17th but recovered to wrap up her second career major crown . "  It 's great to win another major and this one has definitely been well worth waiting for , " Pettersen said . Ko , who broke records when she won the Canadian Open last year at 15 years and four months , refused to be downhearted . "  It has been a great week , " she said . "  I did n't take all my chances but Suzann played really well . " Another talented teen , American Lexi Thompson , carded a final round 68 to claim third place on six under . But World No. 1 Park Inbee of South Korea , was never in serious contention as she strove to become the first player to win four majors in a season . Park , who won the first three majors of the season , finished tied 67th on eight over . On the men 's European Tour , home player Joost Luiten captured the Dutch Open at Zandvoort after a playoff with evergreen Spanish veteran Miguel Angel Jimenez . It was Luiten 's second win of the season and came after he tied with Jimenez on 12-under in regulation play . He only needed to two putt for a par at the first extra hole to seal an emotional triumph as 49-year-old Jimenez overhit his birdie attempt and missed the six-foot return . "  Winning your home Open is like winning a major and this is how this win feels , " said the 27-year-old Luiten "  I went close a few years ago in but to win now feels just unbelievable and I think it wo n't be later tonight when it all sinks in . " Former three-time champion Simon Dyson finished in a tie for third with fellow Englishman Ross Fisher , Ireland 's Damien McGrane and France 's Gregory Havret -- three shots adrift .	Suzann Pettersen wins final major of women 's golf season Norwegian claims Evian Championship in France Beats 16-year-old amateur Lydia Ko by two shots Joost Luiten claims Dutch Open after playoff with Miguel Angel Jimenez
CNN  -- Venezuela 's president has spoken with embattled Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi about a proposal to bring an international mediation team to Libya , Venezuela 's information minister confirmed Wednesday . The two leaders conversed Tuesday , Minister Andrez Izarra said in a post on his Twitter account . "  All the contacts that Venezuela is making with the Arab world and the entire world is for peace in Libya . Tomorrow new developments , " the tweet read . Earlier this week , Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez said the United States ' criticisms of Gadhafi had a clear aim : military invasion . "  Let 's not get carried away by the drums of war , because the United States , I am sure that they are exaggerating and distorting things to justify an invasion , " Chavez said Monday , according to Venezuelan state media . The United States has said all options are on the table . Speaking in Caracas Monday , Chavez proposed sending an international committee to Libya to mediate and help develop a peaceful solution to unrest in the North African country . "  Instead of sending marines and tanks and planes , why do n't we send a goodwill commission to try to help so that they do not continue killing in Libya ? They are our brothers , " he said in a speech televised on the government-run network . Chavez and Gadhafi have a close relationship , having bonded partly over shared opposition to U.S. global influence . At a lavish Tripoli celebration commemorating 40 years of Gadhafi 's leadership in 2009 , the two leaders sat side-by-side during a two-hour military parade . That same year , a new football stadium in Benghazi was named after the Venezuelan leader . As rumors swirled about Gadhafi and his whereabouts last week , some suggested that he may be en route to Venezuela . Those reports proved to be false ; the Libyan leader later spoke publicly in his country 's capital . But the close ties between the two leaders remain strong . On Monday , Chavez said Gadhafi "  has been my friend and our friend for a long time " in remarks broadcast on Venezuelan state television . "  We must be cautious . We know what our policy is : we do not support invasions , or massacres , or anything , no matter who does it . But there is no doubt that , regarding Libya , a campaign of lies is being woven -- the same that has been woven about Venezuela for a long time , " he said . The U.N. Security Council over the weekend voted for tough restrictions and possible war crimes charges against the Libyan regime . CNN 's Nelson Quinones and journalist Osmary Hernandez Sosa contributed to this report .	The Venezuelan leader proposes sending a goodwill commission to mediate in Libya "  Let 's not get carried away by the drums of war , " Chavez says Gadhafi and Chavez have a close relationship Chavez claims "  a campaign of lies is being woven " about Libya
CNN  -- The epiphany occurred at a baptism . With more than 800 people waiting , Pastor Rick Warren took them one by one and immersed them in the church 's baptism pool . During this spiritual rite at Saddleback Church , the pastors hold the people briefly underwater , and then pull them out . "  On that particular day , I was baptizing 858 people , " Warren told his congregation last fall . "  That took me literally four hours . " "  As I 'm baptizing 858 people , along around 500 , I thought this ... ` We 're all fat . ' " Warren turned his realization to himself . "  But I thought , I 'm fat , " he said . "  I 'm a terrible model of this . I ca n't expect our people to get in shape unless I do . " Warren , considered one of the most influential pastors in the country , delivered the inaugural prayer for President Obama in 2009 and wrote the best-selling book "  The Purpose Driven Life . " Now , he was embarking on a new mission : Curbing the obesity epidemic at church . Warren seems like an unlikely man to lead an anti-obesity crusade . A ruddy man with plastic frame glasses , he has admitted to gaining 90 pounds over the last 30 years and failing at various yo-yo diets . He declined an interview for this story . Based in Lake Forest , California , Saddleback is one of the largest churches in the United States and has eight locations throughout Orange County . Warren has a casual style in his ministry , usually preaching in jeans . Since January 2011 , Warren has been shrinking . He gave up carbonated drinks , dairy and fast food , he told the church . He works out twice a day , according to his trainer , Tom Wilson . Warren shed 60 pounds on a diet-lifestyle program devised at Saddleback Church called the Daniel Plan . The program 's name comes from the biblical story about Daniel . In the story , Daniel and his friends , who are Israelites living in Babylon , refuse to consume royal food and wine . By eating vegetables and water , "  they looked healthier and better nourished than any of the young men who ate the royal food , " according to Daniel 1:15 in the Bible 's New International Version . The Daniel Program , which started at Saddleback Church last January , advises how to eat healthier foods , encourages workout routines and urges participants to join small groups . The program was free . Warren recruited three doctors to develop the plan : Daniel Amen , a psychiatrist ; Mark Hyman , a family doctor ; and Mehmet Oz , a TV host and cardiac surgeon . "  The secret sauce of Saddleback is we do this as a community , " said Amen , one of the medical contributors . "  It 's very different than most health plans where you do it with yourself or your wife . You get to do this with a whole community . " Studies indicate that people who try to lose weight or adopt healthier habits in groups are more likely to be successful than individuals working independently . The small groups have health and spiritual curricula , and provide a support network . Saddleback was the ideal place , because small groups already existed at the church and Warren had "  instantaneous capacity to make this happen , " said Hyman , another contributor to the Daniel Plan . "  The church was the perfect incubator , " he said . "  This was a way of leapfrogging and getting a social experiment done . " Chiquita Seals , a member of Saddleback , said that having a small group was instrumental to her 125-pound weight loss . Her group met twice a month to discuss their health , and they also hiked together . Each small group has a health champion , whom Seals credits with "  helping me emotionally , physically . " "  The health champion guides the group -- ` This is what we 're cooking , this is what we 're doing ' -- and cheers you on and helps you out . It 's not just the food you 're eating , it 's also mental gain , " she said . The church held a race , cooking demonstrations and various workout classes led by Tae Bo founder Billy Blanks . It overhauled the menus and vending machine products sold at church and placed symbols to indicate which choices were healthy . Doughnuts often given to the congregation were replaced with trail mix . The church developed a website with recipes , advice on physical activity and health information . "  It 's not a diet , not a healthy quick scheme , it 's designed to be a way to create health , " Hyman said . At the end of the first year , about 15,000 people had registered for the program and 250,000 pounds were lost , according to Saddleback Church . The Daniel Plan is a program the founders intended to spread to different faith communities across the globe , Hyman said . But many at Saddleback wondered why the church would get involved in health and weight loss . "  I wondered whether this was something church should be doing , " said Julie McGough , a member of Saddleback Church for 18 years . McGough and her husband decided to try the plan , because they had gained weight during his illness with multiple sclerosis . Between his doctor 's visits , hospital appointments and busy schedule , the family came to rely on fast food as their staple . The couple and their two kids , ages 10 and 16 , cleaned out their pantry , gave up the In-N-Out burgers and started cooking as a family activity . They started eating chicken , broccoli , squash and a variety of vegetables , and in smaller portions . They bought a trampoline for the kids and also started hiking . One year later , McGough has lost 28 pounds . Her husband has lost 55 pounds and stopped taking as many medications . "  This is what we should be doing , " McGough said about the church 's involvement in the health plan . "  I am far more able to serve God because I 'm healthy . " Warren said in several speeches to the congregation that he never paid much attention to the perils of obesity such as diabetes and heart disease . But when he heard that obesity could affect a person 's brain power , it snapped him into action . Growing evidence indicates that obesity is associated with impaired cognitive function , such as attention and memory problems . Warren often repeats the same phrases when discussing the Daniel Plan . "  The Father made your body , Jesus paid for your body , the Spirit lives in your body . You better take care of it . "	Pastor Rick Warren started a health plan addressing diet and fitness at church Warren has shed 60 pounds in one year The Daniel Plan uses small groups to encourage healthier habits
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A group of African scientists last week called on rich nations to help stem the tide of African talent leaving the continent 's universities . Dr. Francess Ayaebene , who runs a clinic in rural Nigeria , wanted to update her knowledge of tropical medicine . In a statement the Network of African Science Academies  NASAC  urged developed nations to establish training programs that would allow African research students to stay in Africa or study in other developing countries . One program that may prove key to curbing the flight of the skilled health professionals from the developing world is the distance learning course at the UK 's London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine . The school , a world leader in global health education and research started the course to allow health professionals to enhance their skills and knowledge at their own pace and in their own country . Dr. Francess Ayaebene , a physician in rural Nigeria , earned a diploma through the distance learning course offered . Dr. Ayaebene directs a clinic in Shendam , a rural area in central Nigeria where nurses and health services are in short supply . She wanted a refresher on tropical medicine and also hopes the additional training will help her gain entry into the world of government . "  I want to improve my country and go into politics to influence policy making when it comes to health matters , " she told CNN . Some 2,500 students are enrolled in the London school 's distance learning program , which offers Master 's degrees and graduate diplomas in infectious diseases , public health and clinical trials . "  We do n't train people for the brain drain . We train people very much to make a contribution to their own countries , " said Andrew Haines , the director of the London School . A complex set of factors contribute to brain drain , and while it 's too early to say that distance learning has had an impact on the trend , Haines believes it can make a contribution to retaining people in their home countries . "  When I speak to distance learning students , many of them say this has opened up an opportunity that otherwise would n't have come to them -- to stay in their own countries and at the same time access teaching materials of an international quality , " he said . The program offers a flexibility that meets the wide range of needs of learners these days , providing access to specialized training to those who can not leave their home country due to financial constraints or professional commitments . A sign of the course 's popularity : Nearly three times as many students participate in the distance program than actually come to study at the school in London . The program also is getting a boost from the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation , which awarded the London School a $ 1 million prize for excellence in global health this year . The Gates Award for Global Health , which is awarded annually to an organization that makes exceptional contributions to international health , will be used partly to developing new courses , providing scholarships and offering support for distance learning students . Distance education is by no means novel , but instructors say the London School program is particularly enhanced for students in the developing world and unique in its international audience . Students from around the world participate in the program , with roughly 40 percent of students based in countries in Africa and a good proportion in Southeast Asia , said Sharon Huttly , the dean of studies . While Internet access has improved considerably since the distance learning program began in 1998 , many students enrolled in the program still live in areas where bandwidth is poor and connections are slow . "  One of our biggest challenges is trying to deliver something that is still accessible and suitable to a student who is sitting somewhere that 's got very poor Internet access but also is suitable for a student sitting somewhere who 's got every gadget and high-speed bandwidth available to them , " Huttly said . At the core of the program are self-study materials which students follow at their own pace . These materials are complemented with electronic mechanisms like Web chat boards that allow students to interact with each other and tutors . Dr. Ayaebene hopes that as well as distance learning programs , governments will encourage more doctors to practice in rural areas to improve public services . "  There are not enough nurses and ambulance services , " she said about the region where she works . "  The government needs to push more doctors to rural areas . The hospitals -- they will not run themselves . "	Distance learning widens access to world-class health training and education London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine helping prevent brain drain 2,500 students enrolled in distance learning program at London School School is winner of $ 1 million Gates Award for Global Health
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- Georgia officials have agreed to exhume the body of the ex-fianc of a "  Real Housewives of Atlanta " cast member to get a second look at what may have caused his death . A.J. Jewell died after a fight with another man in the parking lot of an Atlanta strip club in October , police said . Fredrick Richardson was arrested on a charge of voluntary manslaughter . Police originally said Jewell died from blunt force trauma , but a medical examiner reported that sickle cell disease also contributed to his death . Relatives pushed for the exhumation and a second autopsy , saying Jewell did not have sickle cell and they believe there were other circumstances leading to his death . "  Whenever a family has to exhume the body of a loved one , it 's a difficult , difficult decision to make , " family spokesman Markel Hutchins said . "  But I think it displays a great deal of courage and commitment on the part of this family toward truth and justice . " Jewell 's father , the Rev. A.B. Jewell Sr. , said family members can not have closure until they know what happened . "  I want the public to know my son did not have sickle cell disease , and I hope this next autopsy will prove that my son was murdered , " he said . A.J. Jewell was the fianc of Kandi Burruss , the newest cast member of the Bravo hit reality show "  The Real Housewives of Atlanta . " In a statement after Jewell 's death , Burruss said she was devastated and had spoken to him two hours before he was rushed to the hospital . Hutchins said family members believe Jewell 's role on the show put up roadblocks for them early in the investigation . "  It 's almost as if A.J. and his family were being penalized because of his high-profile nature and because of his celebrity lifestyle , " he said . He said they hope the second autopsy will show sickle cell was not a factor and recent witness statements will shed light on the night Jewell died . "  There were other things that led up to A.J. 's death , and there are other things that we believe were criminal , that happened after A.J. 's death , " Hutchins said but declined to elaborate . The man 's six children are also looking for answers . "  They miss their father , " Jewell said . "  We as a family are taking on the responsibility and trying to do what we can do to assure our support in helping them to be able to move forward with their lives . " It should take about two weeks to get results from the second autopsy , Hutchins said .	Spokesman Markel Hutchins : "  There were other things that led up to A.J. 's death " A.J. Jewell was fianc of Kandi Burruss of "  The Real Housewives of Atlanta " Police : Jewell died from blunt force trauma ; medical examiner says sickle cell played role
Doha , Qatar  CNN  -- Security guards outside the Taliban 's new offices here said Thursday that they were empty and there was no one available to talk , but the building itself said plenty . The Taliban 's white flag , which had flown Wednesday over the building , was lowered behind the walls of the compound , and a sign that had read "  Islamic Emirates of Afghanistan " -- the name used by the group during its rule in Afghanistan from 1996-2001 -- was nowhere to be seen . Read more : Why is U.S. now brokering peace with Taliban ? The symbols -- interpreted as signs that the office was representing an alternative government -- had infuriated Afghan President Hamid Karzai . He announced on Wednesday that Afghanistan was pulling out of peace talks with the Taliban and out of talks with the United States about a long-term foreign military presence in his country after the planned departure next year of Western military forces . Though the peace process remains a priority , "  the Afghan government will never allow for an Afghan peace process to be hijacked by the enemies of Afghanistan for reaching their nefarious designs that they have failed to achieve on the battlefield of war in Afghanistan , " said Deputy Foreign Minister Ershad Ahmadi . The Afghan government 's plans to negotiate this week with a U.S. team in Kabul were suspended "  so that we could signal our serious displeasure about the breach of the written assurances given to us by the U.S. government about the opening of the Taliban office in Doha , " Ahmadi said in a statement . "  If the Taliban office in Doha is brought back into compliance with the written assurances given to us by the U.S. government , the Afghan government will review its decision about BSA negotiations with the U.S. " It was not clear Thursday whether the changes to the building in Doha would suffice to coax Karzai back to talks . His concerns came after the Taliban claimed responsibility for the deaths of four U.S. troops in a rocket attack on Bagram air base , which led a member of the House Armed Services Committee to lambaste the Taliban . Q&A : Why Taliban would talk as U.S. withdrawal looms "  They can not be trusted , " said Rep. Duncan Hunter Jr. , R-California . "  And even if they give their word on something you ca n't know for sure that will filter down . " Karzai has a legitimate complaint , Hunter said . "  We are trying to legitimize the guys who are blowing up Americans and Afghans in Afghanistan . " Still , a senior U.S. administration official told CNN on Wednesday that peace talks between the United States and the Taliban will likely be held "  in the next few days . " The official , who spoke on condition of anonymity , did not say when such talks might take place . Speaking Wednesday in Berlin , U.S. President Barack Obama said he was n't surprised by Karzai 's response . "  We had anticipated that at the outset there were going to be some areas of friction , to put it mildly , in getting this thing off the ground , " Obama said . But he said that he believes Karzai remains committed to political reconciliation , and that he needs to be . "  We do n't expect that it will be easy , " Obama told reporters . "  But we do think ultimately we 're going to need to see Afghans talking to Afghans about how they can move forward and end the cycle of violence so they can start actually building their country . " The Taliban opened the Doha office with a promise to renounce international terrorism and commit to peace negotiations , conditions the United States had set before it would support establishing the office as part of peace talks . The Taliban were expected to raise the issue of a possible exchange of a captured U.S. soldier for Taliban prisoners being held at Guantanamo "  in the coming days " in Doha , State Department spokeswoman Jennifer Psaki said Thursday . She told reporters that U.S. officials were open to discussing the issue , but that no decisions had been made . "  This has been on the table since about Tuesday , " said Col. Tim Marsano , a spokesman for the parents of Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl , 27 , who was captured in 2009 . "  Anytime that there are discussions and negotiations that may lead to the freeing of their son , that is encouraging news , especially after not much encouraging news over the past four years . " Karzai 's decision on Wednesday to suspend the talks came a day after NATO-led troops transferred security responsibility to Afghan forces . Reported by CNN 's Reza Sayah in Doha , written in Atlanta by Tom Watkins with contributions from Khushbu Shah in Atlanta , Chris Lawrence and Jill Dougherty in Washington , Paul Vercammen in Los Angeles and Masoud Popalzai in Kabul .	The flag has been lowered behind the walls of the compound The sign is down It 's unclear whether the changes will suffice to lure Karzai back to talks
CNN  -- World champion Sebastian Vettel grabbed pole position at the Canadian Grand Prix ahead of McLaren 's Lewis Hamilton and Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso at the Gilles Villeneuve circuit on Saturday . Vettel 's Red Bull car showed no diminution of speed following the FIA 's order to change the rear floor of the RB8 after rival teams questioned the legality of a hole in the car 's floor located in front of the rear tire . The German drivers clocked one minute 13.784 son his final run -- 0.303 seconds quicker than Hamilton -- with his Red Bull teammate Mark Webber in fourth , ahead of Mercedes ' Nico Rosberg and Ferrari 's Felipe Massa . And two-time world champion Vettel , was quick to make reference to the changes the Red Bull car has undergone . "  I enjoyed qualifying today , " the world champion quipped , "  even without the hole in the floor ! " In the previous six races this season pole position has been decided by just hundredths of a second , but Vettel 's performance was almost a quarter of a second better than Hamilton . "  I think we have learned a couple of lessons , especially in the last two races where arguably we were quick on Sunday in the race but we did n't get the best out of the car on Saturday in qualifying , " said the German driver . Hamilton , who has won the Canadian Grand Prix twice , added : "  I 'm very , very happy with the performance . I 'm very surprised to see us on the front row but nonetheless we 'll definitely take it and work as hard as we can . " Meanwhile Alonso came away from qualifying pleased to notice a continuing improvement in the Ferrari car 's performance . "  The car felt quite good on Friday when we tested some new parts and we feel much more happy with the balance of the car and the grip of the car , Felipe and me , straight away . "  It 's a first step . Obviously , the world will never stop , for us or for the competitors , but at the moment we are extremely happy and thankful to the guys in the factory . "	Red Bull 's Sebastian Vettel takes pole for the Canadian Grand Prix on Sunday McLaren 's Lewis Hamilton will start second , with Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso in third Vettel will be looking for his second win of the season Two of Hamilton 's 17 career victories have come at Canadian Grand Prix
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- The nephew of Iranian opposition leader Mir Hossein Moussavi was buried Wednesday , three days after he was killed in anti-government demonstrations . Seyyed Ali Moussavi 's body was delivered to his family early Wednesday and buried at Tehran 's Behesht-e-Zahra cemetery around 10:30 a.m.  2 a.m. ET  . There were no demonstrations or disturbances during the burial , and several plain-clothed and uniformed security personnel were patrolling the area . A reformist Web site , Parlemannews , had reported Tuesday that Moussavi 's body had disappeared , though the state-run Islamic Republic News Agency  IRNA  disputed that account . Moussavi was one of seven people killed in the riots Sunday , according to Abbas Jafari Dolatabadi , Tehran 's chief prosecutor . The toll meant the riots were the bloodiest since June , when protests over the disputed presidential election that gave Ahmadinejad a second term left at least eight dead . The Iranian government has denied that its security forces killed anyone . It is not clear how Moussavi died , though his uncle 's political movement said he was shot to death . Are you in Iran ? Show us what the scene is like Dolatabadi said one of those killed was fatally shot and the case is under investigation , but he did not identify the victim . He said most of the seven deaths occurred after the people were struck with "  hard objects or due to similar causes . " Read more about the protests in Iran Mir Hossein Moussavi 's Web site said the nephew was killed in the demonstrations by a shot to the heart . But IRNA said the bullet came from a "  terror team , " and that other such teams were operating in Tehran . It did not offer further details . The semi-official Mehr news agency quoted security forces Tuesday as explaining that the nephew was standing on a street at midday Sunday when he was "  assassinated by firearm by the occupants of a passing vehicle , and died because of the delay in taking him to the hospital . " "  He died of severe bleeding on the way to the hospital , " Mehr reported . "  Efforts to identify the culprit or culprits continue . " Parlemannews , which reported the disappearance of Seyyed Ali Moussavi 's body , said the government was holding it and four other bodies for autopsies . The delay meant the dead could not be buried within 24 hours , as Islamic custom dictates . CNN 's Reza Sayah contributed to this report	Saeed Ali Moussavi 's body was delivered to his family early Wednesday Not clear how Moussavi died , though some claim he was shot Iranian government has denied that its security forces killed anyone
Afghan security forces stormed a bank branch besieged by insurgents in Helmand province Wednesday , ending a deadly attack , police said . Five civilians , one police officer and two army soldiers were killed , said Farid Ahmad Obaid , a spokesman for the police chief of southern Helmand province . Fourteen others , nine civilians among them , were wounded , Obaid said . He warned that the death toll could go up since at least one of those injured was in critical condition . The Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack on the Kabul Bank office in the provincial capital of Lashkar Gah . Taliban spokesman Qari Yousuf Ahmadi said via Twitter that the target was Afghan security forces personnel who were visiting the bank to receive their monthly salary . All the attackers were killed in the operation to end the siege , Obaid said . The four armed insurgents attacked shortly before noon , he said . The first attacker , who was riding a motorbike , blew himself up outside the bank branch , while three others stormed inside the building , he said . Obaid said the gunbattle between the Afghan security forces and the assailants lasted about 90 minutes before the militants were killed . Meanwhile , a suspected drone strike Tuesday killed 11 Taliban in Afghanistan 's eastern Nangarhar province , near the border with Pakistan , a local Afghan government official told CNN on Wednesday . Among those killed in the strike in Sherzad district were four Pakistanis and two midlevel Afghan Taliban officials , said Malem Mashuq , the district chief . It 's not clear if the strike was linked to Tuesday 's shocking attack by the Pakistan Taliban on an army-run school in Peshawar , northwestern Pakistan , in which 145 people were killed , 132 of them children . Analysts say the Afghan and Pakistan Taliban groups are closely affiliated , often sharing resources and jointly plotting attacks on either side of the porous border . However , a spokesman for the Afghan Taliban condemned the Peshawar attack Tuesday because it involved the "  deliberate killing of innocent people , women and children . " Separately , two bomb explosions Wednesday morning in Nangarhar 's capital city , Jalalabad , targeted Afghan police vehicles , killing two Afghan policemen and injuring five others , said Zia Abdulzai , a spokesman for the provincial governor . The continuing violence comes as Afghan security forces prepare to take on greater responsibility for ensuring the country 's security as international forces transition to a supporting role . Who are the Pakistan Taliban ?	Taliban spokesman says the attack targeted Afghan security forces personnel Afghan official says a suspected drone strike killed 11 Taliban near the border with Pakistan Afghan security forces storm a bank raided by insurgents in Helmand province Police say five civilians and three members of the security forces died in the attack
Cape Town , South Africa  CNN  -- The Western Cape might be South Africa 's wine capital -- renowned around the world as the home of some of the country 's most famous labels -- but not far from Stellenbosch 's fertile vineyards there 's another drink brewing up a storm . Inspired by an international boom for local , independent microbreweries , the business of craft beer has also taken off in South Africa recently , as growing numbers of small producers are experimenting with styles and techniques to satisfy a rising thirst for new flavors and novel brews . "  There is a massive demand , " says Dan Badenhorst , co-founder of Devil 's Peak Brewing Company , just one of the several microbreweries to come out of Cape Town in recent times . "  We started off in a garage , from there we bought our own 500-liter system and now we are in this new 1,500-liter system , " he adds . "  Constantly , our biggest challenge has been keeping up with the demand . " Read this : How Mandela became a brand Craft beer is traditionally produced by independent breweries on a much smaller scale than the multinationals . In South Africa , a country with a strong beer culture , consumers have traditionally opted for mass-produced beer products . South African Breweries is a subsidiary of SABMiller , the world 's second-largest brewer , and accounts for more than 90 % of the country 's beer market . But the smaller players have also started making a mark . Almost three decades after South Africa 's first microbrewery , Cape Town-based Mitchell 's Brewery , opened its doors in the early 1980s , estimates suggest that today there more than 50 microbreweries across the country , a figure that 's doubled in the last few years . "  On a top level , the big beer companies are supporting craft beer because it helps bring more people to beer , " says Rob Heyns , founder of League of Beers , an online store offering local and international craft beers to enthusiasts in South Africa He adds , however , that craft beer still has a long way to go before it can take on the mass beer producers . "  On the ground level , it 's always going to be tight competition and as a craft brewer you 're never going to be able to win out against one of the big brewers unless you , the consumer , asks specifically for those beers , " adds Heyns . "  That 's the best that way craft beer can win . " Read this : A journey through South Africa 's wine region In order to win consumers ' hearts , South Africa 's burgeoning beer makers say they often turn to local ingredients to try and achieve unique and distinctive flavors . "  Locality is very important in the craft beer industry , " explains JC Steyn , head brewer at Devil 's Peak Brewing Company . "  You 'd go to Cape Town and get the craft beers from Cape Town because they are so close to the brewery and they are so fresh and all those flavors are still very abundant , " he adds . "  Once beer travels it totally diminishes those characters . " Beer makers have also started using a number of beer festivals and tasting events to raise the profile of their brands and bring their products to a wider audience . Greg Casey , owner of Banana Jam Caf  in Western Cape , holds several of such events throughout the year in his restaurant . He says craft beer is a great trend that 's about finding something special . "  It 's not about volume consumption , " says Casey . "  It 's become about flavor and it 's about trying something that 's a little more special , like a bottle of wine , " he adds . Read this : South Africa 's first black female winemaker "  So you are not looking for how much beer can I consume and how much it costs , you are looking for quality over quantity - and people are willing to pay for that . " Beer drinker Gregory Bowden agrees . "  I really prefer craft beer to the standard commercial stuff that you get , " he says . "  The variety that 's available , the different range of flavors that you can get , it 's just something that a mass-produced beer I do n't think will be able to give , " he adds . "  You can tell that people put love into it and there 's a bit more attention given to the product than with a mass produced . " It 's that kind of care that craft beer makers hope will keep consumers coming back for more . "  You 've got to be passionate about beer , " says Badenhorst . "  If you 're going into it for the money , you 're not doing it for the right reason , " he adds . "  For us it 's always been a passion ; it 's been wanting to show South Africans what beer is about . "	Better known for its wines , the business of craft beer is taking off in South Africa Craft beer produced by independent breweries on smaller scale than the multinationals Estimates suggest the country is home to some 50 microbreweries
CNN  -- When our helicopter flew into Port-au-Prince , it almost felt like we were on some silent glide . The sharp sound of the rotor blades faded into background noise . Sound did not rise from the ground . There was not enough traffic or people or life to raise a ruckus . There were no fires burning or that dark energy that rises up from the ground when there is danger in the air . There was silence , people huddling in tents alongside flattened buildings , people sifting slowly through the rubble of their lives , people adrift . We entered Haiti like a lot of the folks entering Haiti , down right nervous . Haiti has a history of horrible acts of violence against its own people and visitors . Journalists have died in Haiti . There are many guns and many vendettas . It 's not just that there is an earthquake whose aftershocks could rattle away at what remains . There is an expectation of danger , a question in the air . Will these desperate , disheartened , wounded people rise to violence and theft in the wake of this latest , largest disaster ? We landed without incident in the yard of the Dominican Embassy with precious supplies brought in by relief organizations . A CNN convoy laden with water and money and fuel followed us in by land without a hitch . And in the days that followed , we did not see a population breaking into buildings or fighting over scant resources . The Haiti we saw is not a land of fires and violence and looting . This is a land where desperation has been supplanted by despair . Each day , we left our workspace with security people , drivers , big guys that were supposed to help us navigate presumed dangers . They mostly hung out and chatted with kids playing around our cars . They walked us into a huge plaza where a massive tent city had formed . It was so quiet . People just sitting there , holding their children beneath sheets so they are n't burned in the sun . Some mothers are bathing their kids in murky water . There is one remedial medical station beneath a tent . Three medical volunteers with meager supplies tend to the wounds of dozens . Anguished mothers wait patiently with children wounded and wailing . No one complains . No one pushes . One afternoon we happened upon Capital Bank , a building that also housed a Western Union and some local money order services . A flotilla of United Nations folks from Ghana and France and Canada descended with major artillery . A tank , a string of armored cars and high-ranking officials with bright stripes decorating their uniforms rushed around on high alert . They shut down the street as they entered the building and brought out sacks that seemed to be filled with money . Full coverage When we went to take a picture , they became very agitated . Some of them yelled that we had no business here and pushed us back into the road where the oncoming cars fortunately stopped in time . They were so overwhelming that a female official from Ghana began to laugh at her colleagues . "  Let them take the photo , " she told a muscular Canadian officer . "  Here , " he said handing her his walkie talkie . "  You be in charge of this mission . " But the "  mission " was barely picture worthy . The Haitians ambled by , as the apparent sacks of money were removed for safe keeping . The scene was the same at the building where taxes are collected . A great crane lifted rubble while a crowd watched peacefully . No one seemed to be trying to get into the flattened presidential palace nearby even though there was not much visible security . We also passed gas lines . Gas is the key to so many things right now , powering the car that can get you out of this disaster , running the generator that can turn on your lights or make it possible to call for help on a cell phone . The cars sit quietly , drivers holding their places without a quarrel . We drove around day after day and saw nothing but sad people sweeping their streets of rubble and bodies and wreckage . We drove out to Leogan , the epicenter of the quake , and people calmly moved bananas , sugar cane and water from the fields into tent cities erected in open space . Haiti 's missing , found We saw an organized crowd being handed water bottles from soldiers who flew in from Camp Lejeune . We did not see one gun , except the ones carried by security guards , police officers and soldiers . In Jacmel , two hours south , a group of young Haitians ran around with expensive video cameras documenting the destruction of their hometown , Haiti 's cultural capital . They had water flown in by their sponsors as well as food and generators , but no one tried to steal them . The hotels that survived were unguarded but not a soul ventured in to take the furniture or bedding that might have made life in the tent cities more bearable . Haitian doctors staffed the "  hospital , " a patch of grass outside the real hospital that fell down . Cuban doctors helped them with their work , rationing antibiotics and painkillers . People were in great pain , but no one screamed for help or painkillers . They seemed to think that they were getting whatever was available . The Canadians posted guards at one gate to keep folks from getting to the piers where they brought in supplies , but no one was trying to get in anywhere around this huge dock . They stood in line at distribution centers , grabbed a broom or shovel to help the soldiers clear streets . When the French erected a mobile medical unit , the people formed a peaceful line and repeatedly expressed their gratitude . These are people with injuries that make you gasp . Many amputations have been done by amateurs in bad circumstances . It 's hot . No one said a word . We followed the directors of an orphanage as they traveled through some of Port-au-Prince 's poorest neighborhoods . They did n't have many supplies , but they wanted to share . No one tried to rob us . A woman broke down in tears begging us to help us find her son . She ignored our bottles of water and food . She just wanted her son . Impact Your World A few nights later , her orphanage was hit by bandits who did n't take anything , but scared the kids . At another orphanage we visited , bandits struck twice but left both times with nothing . The orphanage director said they left it because they did n't want to steal supplies from children . My colleagues saw a few folks break into places and even captured a few scuffles on tape . But those who have spent a lot of time in Haiti was certain there was no more crime , possibly even less crime , than would visit this city of millions on a regular day . The story of Haiti , at this time , is not one of unending violence , looting and a population angry enough to fight over scant resources . But the people we met were wounded and weary and afraid to go back inside . The earth could shake at any moment and death could visit once again .	Despite desperate times , many Haitians not turning to violence Tent cities , makeshift hospitals are new way of life in quake-ravaged country Many residents orderly , appreciative in wake of chaos
CNN  -- Joss Christensen led a U.S. clean sweep in freestyle skiing slopestyle at the Sochi Winter Olympics Thursday before paying an emotional tribute to his late father . The 22-year-old Christensen dominated both the heats and finals , producing the two best runs on each occasion , to take the gold . With Gus Kenworthy taking silver and Nicholas Goepper winning bronze , it was an all-American podium . Christensen , who struggled to find his form after his father James passed away last August , came to the Games as an outsider and as the last pick on the U.S. team , but with scores of 95.80 and 93.80 in the final the Games debutant was an emphatic victor . But his first thoughts were with his dad . "  I wish he was here and I hope he is smiling down on me . I hope I made him proud . I did it for him , " he said . Christensen was also congratulated by Sage Kotsenburg , who won the first gold of the Sochi Games , taking the snowboard version of slopestyle Saturday . "  It 's hard not to feel a lump in your throat when you here Joss ' story , " he said . The United States has proved dominant in slopestyle , which is making it 's debut in the Winter Olympics , winning three of the four golds on offer plus a silver . German joy in luge Meanwhile , German domination in the luge is total as the team completed a clean sweep of gold medals by storming to victory in the first-ever relay event at the Games . Women 's champion Natalie Geisenberger , men 's gold medalist Felix Loch and doubles winners Tobias Wendl and Tobias Arlt combined for Germany 's seventh gold to date in Sochi . Nicknamed the "  Bayern Express , " the team proved unbeatable and finished over a second clear of silver medalist Russia , with Latvia in bronze . China makes skating history But there was an upset in the women 's 1,000 meters speed skating competition as Chinese outsider Zhang Hong beat her more established rivals to claim her country 's first victory in the event . Zhang clocked one minute 14.02 seconds as an early starter and had to sit while 11 further pairs of skaters attempted to beat her time at the Adler Arena oval . Ireen Wust of the Netherlands , the 3,000 m gold medalist , came closest , but was over half a second slower in taking the silver . Fellow Dutch competitor Margot Boer took the bronze while fancied American pair Heather Richardson and world record-holder Brittany Bowe were only seventh and eighth . China also came out on top in a chaotic women 's 500m short track speed skating final , which was marred by a three-skater pileup . Five-time world champion Li Jianrou stayed upright to take the gold but admitted fortune had been on her side . "  I believe it 's a miracle . I always believe in myself . I skated like I do in my daily training . I 'm lucky to get this gold medal , " she said . Britain 's Elise Christie crossed the line second but was disqualified after officials ruled she had caused the crash . Italy 's Arianna Fontana , the bronze medalist from Vancouver in 2010 , took silver with Park Seung-Hi of South Korea in bronze . Bjoerndalen upstaged by new biathlon star Martin Fourcade made it double gold in Sochi as he followed his 12.5 km pursuit triumph with victory in the 20 km individual biathlon event . The 25-year-old is the first French athlete to win two golds at a Games since alpine skiing great Jean-Claude Killy in 1968 . Germany 's Erik Lesser took silver and Russian Evgeniy Garanichev won bronze on his 26th birthday , but there was disappointment for Norwegian veteran Ole Einar Bjoerndalen . The 40-year-old failed in his bid to win Winter Olympic record of 13 medals when he finished in 34th after problems in the shooting section , where he picked four penalties . "  I wanted to show my rivals that I 'm still angry , " said Fourcade after his triumph , when asked if he was "  focused " or "  angry . " On a day when six golds were awarded , Justyna Kowalczyk of Poland won the women ' s 10km classic style event in nordic skiing . Kowalczyk , who started favorite , finished nearly 20 seconds clear of Charlotte Kalla of Sweden , with Therese Johaug of Norway in third place . Away from the medal action , Russia 's ice hockey men opened their campaign with a 5-2 win over Slovenia , while the United States thrashed Slovakia 7-1 and defending champions Canada beat Norway 3-1 . But there was disappointment for the host nation when figure skating hero Yvegeny Plushenko dramatically withdrew just before he was due to compete in the men 's figure skating short program . The 31-year-old had been personally congratulated by Russian President Vladimir Putin after helping his country to win the team gold Sunday . A two-time Olympic champion , he was bidding to become the first man to win five figure skating medals at the Winter Games .	American debutant Joss Christensen wins freestyle skiing slopestyle gold Chinese skater Li Jianrou takes honors in women 's short-track 500m Zhang Hong wins China 's first ever speed skating gold medal German dominance in luge continues with relay gold
CNN  As relatives and friends mourn the loss of their loved ones aboard Germanwings Flight 9525 , the world community is stunned by the sequence of events that led to co-pilot Andreas Lubitz purposely crashing the plane into the French Alps , killing all 150 people on board . I happen to have several personal connections to this tragedy : a recent graduate of Drexel University -- where I teach -- and her mother were on the ill-fated flight , I lived in Germany for 18 years and I am a psychologist who has researched the psychology of terrorism and developed psychiatric tests that are used to determine pilot flight fitness . While the engineering of the Airbus aircraft is fascinating and the world of air traffic control absorbing , what is even more complex and challenging to understand is the human mind of the co-pilot investigators say is responsible for the crash -- the machine that flies the machine . When complex engineering systems interact with human factors , it is most often the human that causes the anomaly . Humans are far less reliable than machines . The average aviator has superior intellectual and cognitive abilities , and is psychologically stable and reliable . While it is not surprising that when it comes to aviation accidents , the first line of inquiry is into what went wrong with the plane . However , very often , as apparently is the case here , something went wrong with the human flying the plane . Pilots are typically tested for emotional stability and screened for the presence of mental illness when they are selected . The U.S. Navy has strict testing programs related to fitness for duty protocols for their pilots during the length of their careers . But we have learned that the German company Lufthansa and its budget airline affiliate Germanwings do not use psychological testing once the pilots have made it through the selection process . Psychological assessment and screening is not held in as high esteem in Germany as it is in the United States . Perhaps it should be . A fitness-for-duty evaluation asks this important question : Can the pilot safely and effectively perform his job from a mental health and cognitive standpoint ? The deliberate destruction of Flight 9525 by a single person , most likely related to some grievance or other unknown intrinsic motivation that he took to the grave , can also be considered an act of terrorism . The action constitutes the unlawful use of violence against the passengers on the flight to further some yet unknown objective . Research on the perpetrators of terrorism has revealed that a single person is capable of executing odd , unexplainable violent actions . Their behaviors may be related to a political or social framework , or it may be associated with something deeply personal . Examples include Richard Reid , the failed shoe bomber ; Eric Rudolph , the Olympic bomber ; or Theodore Kaczynski , the Unabomber . In 2009 , Maj. Nidal Malik Hasan , a U.S. Army officer and psychiatrist , went on a shooting spree at Fort Hood , Texas , killing 13 and wounding 32 . And in 2012 , Staff Sgt. Robert Bales , a 38-year-old father of two , opened fire and killed 16 innocent Afghan civilians . When examining Germanwings Flight 9525 from the "  cockpit of the human mind , " one must ask this question : How can we ever predict or prevent tragedies like these when we can never truly know what lurks in the mind of another human being ? As a psychologist , I would , of course , advocate for more rigorous psychological screening and regular testing for pilots , as well as instituting additional security measures to prevent future incidents like this . Just as aircraft are inspected and maintained , it is important to regularly evaluate one of the more fragile components of modern aviation -- the pilots operating the plane . But , just as the overwhelming majority of automobile accidents are caused by driver error , with a human mind at the helm of an aircraft , there will always be an element of unpredictability present . And , unless we had a "  flight recorder " for the human brain , we will never really know what took place inside the mind of co-pilot Andreas Lubitz . One thing is for sure : the tragic events of Flight 9525 will surely renew conversation about what happened to Flight MH370 -- the biggest aviation mystery since Amelia Earhart vanished in 1937 -- and the role that human factors may have played in its disappearance .	Eric Zillmer : It 's hard to predict or prevent tragedies like the Germanwings crash He says German airlines should consider more rigorous psychological screening and testing for pilots
Baghdad  CNN  -- Sectarian violence flared anew in Iraq Friday as bombers struck several Shiite mosques , killing at least 18 worshipers and wounding scores more , police said . Five of the attacks -- all of them car bombs -- targeted five mosques in Baghdad , killing at least 14 people and wounding 30 . According to Baghdad police : -- One of the blasts struck worshipers leaving the al-Mustafa Mosque in the al-Jihad neighborhood of southwestern Baghdad , killing at least three people and wounding eight . -- In the Zafaraniya neighborhood of southeastern Baghdad , five people were killed and seven wounded when a car bomb exploded outside the al-Sadreen Shiite Mosque . -- In the al-Binook neighborhood , also in southeastern Baghdad , four people were killed and five were wounded when a car bomb exploded outside a Shiite mosque as worshipers were departing . -- In the al-Qahira neighborhood of northeastern Baghdad , two people were killed and five wounded when a car bomb detonated outside the Ahal al-Bayt Shiite Mosque . -- And a car bomb exploded outside a Shiite mosque in eastern Baghdad 's Talabiya neighborhood , wounding 10 people . About 240 kilometers  150 miles  north of Baghdad , in southern Kirkuk , police said four people were killed and 60 wounded by a car bomb followed by a suicide blast that targeted a Shiite mosque . Most of the casualties were Shiite worshipers , police told CNN . After the blast at the al-Mustafa Mosque , people rushed from the neighborhood to the place of worship to check on their relatives ' welfare . "  I told my son not to go to the mosque today , I had a feeling . Thank God he is OK , " Um Zainab told CNN as she breathed deeply . "  We can not live like this , we are tired of these ongoing attacks . Oh God , we are tired . " She accused Iraqi politicians of not doing their jobs . "  Shame on you if you ca n't protect our sons and our areas , " she said in comments directed to them . The blast shattered glass in the mosque , outside of which bloodstains were visible . Abbas Jaber , who was in the al-Mustafa Mosque when the blast erupted , told CNN in a telephone interview that he blames al Qaeda and Baathists for Friday 's attacks , but he also expressed frustration with the Iraqi government and security forces . "  If they ca n't protect us , then they should leave their positions , " he said . "  Enough is enough . We can not stand still like this , watching our relatives and friends get killed every day . " The attacks came as thousands of Sunni demonstrators took to the streets for the third consecutive month in the cities of Falluja , Ramadi , Mosul , Baiji , Samarra , Tikrit and Baquba , in the provinces of Anbar , Nineveh , Salaheddin and Diyala . The protesters have been denouncing what they call second-class treatment by the Shiite-led government . They began in late December , when Sunnis took to the streets in Anbar province , which borders Jordan and Syria , to protest Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki 's order to arrest the bodyguards of Finance Minister Rafaie al-Esawi , a Sunni . The arrests came hours after President Jalal Talabani , a Kurd who was widely viewed as a stabilizing political force in Iraq , left the country to undergo treatment from a stroke . Al-Esawi then announced his resignation , effective in March , over the government 's failure to meet the demands of Sunni demonstrators to end their marginalization , his spokesman , Aysar Ali , said . The protesters , who have also demanded the release of detainees they say have been held without charges , called the government corrupt and accused it of unfairly targeting Iraq 's Sunni people . They were angry over an incident that occurred on January 25 , also a Friday , when soldiers fired on Sunnis in Falluja who were demanding the Shiite prime minister step down , health officials said . Iraq 's Arab Sunnis and Kurds have accused al-Maliki and his Shiite political party of working to consolidate power by cutting them out of the political process , an allegation that comes as U.S. lawmakers have raised concerns about Iraq strengthening its ties with Shiite-dominated Iran . Sunnis make up about 20 % of Iraq 's estimated population of more than 27 million ; about 60 % to 65 % are Shiite . Since the ouster of Saddam Hussein 's Sunni-dominated regime in 2003 , Sunnis in Iraq have been largely disaffected . The gulf widened in 2005 , when Sunnis boycotted the country 's election , opening the way to a government dominated by Shiites . The sectarian divisions translated into violence in the streets in 2006 and 2007 , with fighting that nearly ripped the country apart . In the past six years , Iraq has grown safer as a robust form of democracy took hold . Sunnis , Shiites , Kurds and others often work together ; there has been more political , economic and social stability . Coalition forces that ousted Saddam Hussein 's government have departed . But sectarian violence and instability still grip the country . Read more : Iraq newsmakers : Where are they now ? Read more : Al Qaeda 's rise in Iraq : Violence claims dozens on 10th anniversary of war	NEW : Five mosques are targeted in Baghdad Another bomb and suicide attack strike occurs in Kirkuk There 's a fear that sectarian violence may again ravage the country
CNN  -- The gathering was small , but activists say its impact is potentially huge . On January 5 , in the ultraconservative heartland of Saudi Arabia , a small group of women held a demonstration calling for the release of detained family members . Their arrest , a short time later , caused great outrage and inspired even more people to take to the streets . It was in the town of Buraida , where activists say mothers , daughters , sisters and wives -- many who brought children of their own -- gathered outside the Board of Grievances building and demanded rights they say their loved ones have been denied for far too long . As Saudi Arabia is an absolute monarchy where protests are prohibited , it did n't take long for the police to show up . One amateur video purported to show what happened next , with security forces encircling the women before they 're taken away . Saudi activists say kingdom trying to silence them Amnesty International said 18 women and 10 children were arrested and it quickly issued a statement calling for their release . "  According to reports and photos from the protest , these women and children merely gathered peacefully and held placards bearing their detained relatives ' names and the length of their detention , " said Philip Luther , Middle East and North Africa Program Director at Amnesty International . "  There is no way the Saudi Arabian authorities can justify detaining people if they have simply peacefully exercised their rights to freedom of expression and assembly . " Activists say by early the next day , at least seven of the women had been released , but that was n't enough to quell the rising tide of anger over the incident . In Saudi Arabia , the jailing of women is an extremely sensitive issue . In Buraida , which is the provincial capital of deeply conservative Qassim Province , the issue is even more sensitive than in other parts of the country . One amateur video shows a group of men angrily marching through Buraida at night . As they hold up signs announcing how the arrest of women is a red line that should never be crossed , they also chant slogans declaring themselves unafraid of the country 's interior minister , Mohammed bin Nayef , and demanding he release the women . Saudi journalist Iman Al Qahtani , who has been covering the story , told CNN that when she went to Buraida to meet some of the women , she was followed by the Saudi secret police -- known as the Mubahith -- and felt compelled to leave the town . "  When I spoke to some of the women later , " said Al Qahtani , "  they told me ` we will continue protesting until our husbands and relatives are released . ' " Saudis defend Sri Lankan maid 's execution , hit back at criticism Activists say small protests spread to other cities . In Riyadh , the country 's capital , demonstrators called for the release of the women , while in Mecca , the Kingdom 's religious capital , they called for the release of political prisoners , they said . In another video , a small group of women in Buraida begin chanting a refrain that 's become familiar of late : "  The people call for the liberation of the prisons . " Rights groups say the Saudi Arabian government has detained thousands of citizens in connection with the country 's counterterrorism efforts . Relatives say that in many instances , their loved ones have been held without being tried and with no access to lawyers . In the past two years , an increasing number of sit ins and demonstrations have been held . Family members of those detained have gathered outside the country 's Interior Ministry in Riyadh as well as the Board of Grievances in places like Qasim , demanding freedom for those they call political prisoners . Opinion : America , the next Saudi Arabia Last week , 101 Saudi clerics from Qasim signed a petition demanding that detainees held for security reasons should be given a trial or released . Motivated by what happened in Buraida , the clerics took issue with the treatment and arrest of the women . Saudi officials have been reluctant to comment on the original protest , the arrests or subsequent demonstrations . Major General Mansour Al-Turki , spokesman for Saudi Arabia 's Interior Ministry , told CNN all the women arrested in Buraida have been released . When asked about demonstrators ' claims that their relatives are political prisoners who should be released , he said Saudi government officials would not comment on cases currently being "  looked at by the courts . " Still , many wonder if demonstrations will continue despite the risks faced by those who participate . "  The question is , is there going to be more protests in Saudi over other issues ? " asks Al Qahtani . "  Or will the protests only be about calling for the release of the detained ? " In their petition last week , the group of clerics warned that the issue of detainees has "  led to growing discontent ... which has become apparent through demonstrations and sit-ins that are increasing and intensifying . " "  It would be wise to expedite resolution of the issue , " the petition said .	Arrest of female protesters in Saudi Arabia sparks outrage Rights groups say government has detained thousands under counterterrorism efforts Saudi officials have been reluctant to comment
CNN  -- On a quiet August day I lost someone I loved very much . Her name was Joan and she was a mother to me for 15 years . Her death was sudden and unexpected , and there were still so many things she wanted to do : Learn to play the piano , live in Paris , see the Pacific Ocean . I spent a long time full of grief , and then I felt gratitude for the time we had together . I thought about death a lot , which brought clarity to my life , the people I want to be with , and the things I want to do . But I struggled to maintain this perspective . It 's easy to get caught up in the day-to-day and forget what really matters to you . I wondered if other people felt the same way . Over the past few years I 've tried ways to share more with my neighbors in public space , using simple tools like stickers , stencils , and chalk . This time I wanted to know what was important to the people around me and I wanted a daily reminder to restore perspective . So with help from old and new friends , I transformed the side of an abandoned house in my neighborhood in New Orleans into a giant chalkboard and stenciled it with a grid of the fill-in-the-blank sentence "  Before I die I want to _______ . " Anyone walking by could pick up a piece of chalk , reflect on their lives , and share their personal aspirations in public space . It was all an experiment and I did n't know what to expect . By the next day the wall was entirely filled out and it kept growing : Before I die I want to ... sing for millions , see my daughter graduate , eat all the candy and sushi in the world , straddle the International Date Line , be someone 's cavalry , live off the grid , build a school , hold her one more time , abandon all insecurities , be completely myself ... TED.com : Artfully visualizing our humanity People 's responses made me laugh out loud , tear up , and they consoled me during my own tough times . This neglected space became a constructive one where we understood our neighbors in new and enlightening ways . It also showed us we are not alone in our hopes , fears and struggles as we try to lead fulfilling lives . After receiving requests from passionate people around the world , my Civic Center colleagues and I created a toolkit and project site to help people make a wall with their community . You can also download all files for free to remix or create your own stencils . Now over 75 Before I Die walls have been created in over 10 languages and in over 25 countries , including Kazakhstan , Argentina , China , Denmark , and South Africa . Each wall is unique and reflects the people of that community , and each wall is a tribute to living an examined life . And by using a few simple tools like chalkboard paint and chalk , this project shows you do n't need a big budget to make a big impact . TED.com : Architecture that senses and responds Death is something we 're often discouraged to talk about or even think about : Do n't go there . It 's too sad . You do n't need to think about it until you 're older . However , regularly contemplating death $ " as Stoicism and other philosophies encourage $ " is a powerful and healthy tool to put daily stresses in their place , re-appreciate the present , and remember what matters most to you . Thinking about death clarifies your life . In our age of increasing distractions , it 's important to find ways to step back , pause , and reflect on our experiences so we make the most of our brief and tender lives . It 's not our experiences that define us but what we make of our experiences that defines us as we grow and change . TED.com : Three warp-speed architecture tales Our public spaces are as profound as we allow them to be . Our streets , parks , plazas , and subways are for everyone , yet take a quick look at the messages on display and it seems like we only care about sexy beers and fruity shampoos . How can our public spaces nourish our well-being and better reflect what matters to us as a community and as individuals ? Every passerby is another person full of longing , anxiety , fear , wonder , and wisdom , and there is great power in knowing you are not alone . With more ways to share in public space , the people around us can not only help us make better places , they can help us become our best selves . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Candy Chang .	Candy Chang is an artist focused on how we use public spaces She created a "  Before I die , I want to ... " project on New Orleans building Chang : People responded with a wide array of thoughts Similar projects started in 25 nations , she says
Washington  CNN  -- A former U.S. government scientist who served in sensitive positions on classified aerospace projects pleaded not guilty to attempted espionage Thursday . He will be held without bond pending a jury trial . Stewart David Nozette , 52 , appeared in U.S. District Court wearing a prison uniform with bold , horizontal black and white stripes . He smiled as his defense attorney greeted him , and he seemed relaxed during the proceeding . In arguing against bond , prosecutors played what they call an undercover videotape of a conversation just 10 days ago between Nozette and an agent . Nozette , sitting back in a chair or sofa at what appears to be a hotel room , is heard negotiating for a false passport and a means to get to a country with no extradition policy with the United States . "  I like the idea of an invisible identity , " Nozette was heard saying in the recording . "  Can you actually get me that , that artificial name and stuff ? " He discussed gift cards under an alias , and a "  kitty " that he could use for expenses . Prosecutors Thursday initially said they would present a witness to authenticate the videotape . But the judge accepted the government 's claim and a transcript and allowed the eight-minute recording to be played . Authorities have said in a criminal complaint that Nozette , of Chevy Chase , Maryland , tried to deliver classified information to someone he thought was an Israeli intelligence official but who was actually an FBI undercover agent . Nozette , responding on the videotape to the agent 's suggestion that arrangements would involve "  a lot of work , " told the agent , "  This is n't just , you know , a few documents . ... I 'm making a career choice . " The camera in the undercover video is positioned over that agent 's right shoulder , looking directly at Nozette . When the agent asked whether the negotiations were only for himself , Nozette said yes , and suggested his wife would not accompany him . "  She would ask too many questions , " Nozette said . The wife , Wendy McColough , was not seen in the courtroom Thursday , but had been in the spectator gallery October 20 when her husband made his initial appearance . A transcript of the undercover video came out just hours before Thursday 's proceeding . Assistant U.S. Attorney Anthony Asuncion has said evidence will show Nozette disclosed to investigators information that was "  top secret , related to our national defense , that would cause exceptionally grave damage to national security " if revealed to a foreign country . In an affidavit , the FBI sets out the case against Nozette , who received a doctorate in planetary sciences from Massachusetts Institute of Technology . Nozette had a "  top secret " clearance and served at the White House on the National Space Council for President George H.W. Bush , the affidavit says . Later , from early 2000 to early 2006 , he did research and development for the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency , the Naval Research Laboratory , and NASA 's Goddard Space Flight Center , it says . The document says Nozette also acted as a technical consultant from 1998 until early 2008 "  for an aerospace company that was wholly owned by the government of the state of Israel . " The company consulted with Nozette monthly , getting answers to questions , and he received total payments of $ 225,000 , the affidavit says . In early September , Nozette was contacted by phone by an individual purporting to be an Israeli intelligence officer , but who really was an FBI undercover agent , the document says . They met in downtown Washington in front of a hotel , and over lunch , Nozette "  demonstrated his willingness to work for Israeli intelligence , " it says . The undercover agent engaged in a series of meetings with Nozette , and eventually Nozette allegedly deposited "  secret " information in a "  dead drop " post office box . Some of the information , the affidavit says , was classified as secret . The criminal complaint does not accuse the government of Israel of any violations of U.S. law . Nozette next has a status hearing November 10 at U.S. District Court , before Judge James Robertson .	Stewart David Nozette appeared Thursday in U.S. District Court Judge denied bond after seeing undercover video of Nozette and agent Nozette may have planned to leave wife behind if he fled the U.S. Nozette willing "  to work for Israeli intelligence , " complaint states
CNN  -- Amid the whine of F3 engines and the clatter of pneumatic tools , 21-year-old Sun Zheng -- one of mainland China 's small but growing pack of motor racing drivers -- considers his form for the next day 's racing at the Macau Grand Prix . "  My time was n't very good and there were three corners we kept missing , " he tells CNN from the relative calm of the Galaxy Double R Racing Team 's catering tent . "  If I solve those three corners , I 'll be two seconds off the pace . " As the first F3 racer from mainland China to enter the Macau fixture - roundly regarded as the sport 's toughest training ground for Formula One drivers -- Zheng has a lot resting on his young shoulders . "  Of course , all F3 drivers want to be F1 drivers and Macau is like doing college , " he says , adding that his ambition is to become China 's first F1 driver at a Federation Internationale de l'Automobile  FIA  - sanctioned event . "  Most older drivers have done three or four years and then they graduate to F1 . I hope I 'll be first . I have driven in Formula Ones and nothing can compare with it -- it 's in a different category , " he says . As the reigning China Formula Grand Prix series champion , fourth place-getter in the final 2012 Audi R8 LMS Cup and this year 's national champion in the British F3 , Zheng has already shown the kind of form that could take him to the pinnacle of motor racing . At the moment , however , he needs all his concentration for Macau which he says is one of the most challenging circuits in the world . Even at the tender age of 21 , he says the rigors of the track leave him exhausted at the end of the day 's racing . "  Physically I 'm okay but mentally I 'm very tired because you 're not just driving the car - it 's not like qualifying or practice -- when you race you have to try to overtake , you have to try to defend , you need to think about a lot of things in a very short space of time . "  When you take risks , it 's not like you can just do that blindly , " he says . "  You have to think , ` Okay well ... I have a 60-70 % chance I 'm going to go for it . ' " As a street circuit , the concrete canyons of Macau 's Guia Circuit can throw up some chilling moments , even for experienced drivers who take some corners at upwards of 240 kph  150 mph  on each lap . "  You have to really push every corner and every lap during the race because the older drivers , the pace that they keep up is incredible , " Zheng says . "  They are preparing for Formula One races so they ca n't make mistakes -- they 're not just fast on one lap , they 're fast on every corner and every lap . "  I have done endurance races where you have a lot of time to take a rest ; you 're not competing with the car next to you . But in F3 , once you start , it 's a fight to the end . "  When I start , I take a breath when the right light goes off and I push and push until the checkered flag comes down and then I let that breath out -- it really does feel like that . " With 15 laps at around two minutes a lap , 30 minutes might seem like a long time to hold your breath but , as Zheng explains , Macau is that kind of circuit . "  On other tracks , there 's a white line on both sides of the circuit -- if you take a short cut and your four wheels go over the white line , then that 's a penalty , " he says . "  But in Macau , the white line is a wall -- not even two wheels can go over ; it 's really difficult . " Double R Racing team manager Anthony Hieatt says his team has had some hair-raising moments at the Macau Grand Prix in the past . "  Crashes ? Oh God yeah . Massive crashes . Huge ones , " says Hieatt amid the drone of the F3 garage . "  This is the toughest circuit in the world bar none -- it 's probably one of the longest circuits with 23 or 24 corners and parts of it are like putting cotton through a needle . The good drivers , he says , will always stand out . "  Good experienced drivers are always up the front and new drivers are always at the back . New drivers need experience so they come back two or three times but if you do succeed at Macau , then all the Formula One people are watching -- it 's a calling card for your career . " His team currently holds the record for the highest speed ever attained at Macau at 182 mph  292 kph  which through the narrow historic streets of the former Portuguese colony is about as fast as it gets . "  To put it in perspective , they do n't reach those sorts of speeds at Monaco , " says Hieatt , adding that intense concentration is fundamental to every driver 's survival at Macau . "  As soon as the driver feels they 're safe , they 're in the morgue , " he says . While advances in the carbon fiber monocoque design have made the racers safer than they were 20 , and even 10 years ago  F3 racers now fitted with thick panels that protect drivers from intrusions into the cockpit  , the last thing a driver wants is ` to go in ' , says Hieatt using the pit vernacular for having a crash . "  It 's still a dangerous sport and it still hurts when you go in , but the cars are among the safest in the world . " For Hieatt , F3 -- as the poor man 's Formula One -- represents the real , gritty spirit of motor racing in its purest form . "  Here we 're dealing with raw talent , " he says . "  The F1 drivers always remember F3 because there 's this fantastic bonding that goes on because they work with a small team . "  In Formula One , the mechanics would n't even speak with the drivers , but here they eat , drink and sleep with the team . It 's really the university of racing . "	Sun Zheng is the first F3 racer from mainland China to enter the Macau Grand Prix He aims to graduate to F1 racing to become first Chinese to compete internationally Macau Grand Prix regarded as one of the toughest training grounds for future F1 drivers The Galaxy Double R Racing Team holds the Macau speed record of 182 mph  292 kmh
CNN  -- President-elect Barack Obama 's victory speech Tuesday night compares favorably with a number of historic orations , a linguist said Thursday . Barack Obama speaks at a rally in Chicago , Illinois , after winning the presidency Tuesday night . "  His goal was to be understood by the widest possible audience during his victory speech , and he seems to have done a great job doing it , " said Paul J.J. Payack , president of the Austin , Texas-based Global Language Monitor , which analyzed the speech for content , tone and length . "  He 's at his best communicating directly and forthrightly with this audience and using different types of rhetorical devices , " Payack said , noting that the speech was written to a seventh - or eighth-grade level . That 's lower than the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. 's 1963 "  I Have a Dream " speech  grade 8.8  , President Reagan 's 1987 "  Tear Down This Wall " speech  grade 9.8  and even Obama 's own 2004 Democratic Convention speech  grade 8.3  , Payack said . In the four years since then , "  he has learned to speak more directly and more succinctly when he 's giving a major address , " the word aficionado said . He spoke admiringly of Obama 's repeated use of the phrase "  Yes , we can , " calling it "  very effective . " "  That 's a very short , direct sentence , " Payack said . "  Almost like a drumbeat hammering into people 's minds and hearts . " He added , "  something like that comes across as a very effective rhetorical device . " That phrase compares with Reagan 's "  Tear Down This Wall " and President Kennedy 's "  Ask not what your country can do for you ; ask what you can do for your country , " delivered in his inaugural speech . At about 2,000 words , the speech was short enough not to lose the audience 's attention but long enough to cite specifics and cover the subject matter , Payack said . Watch Obama 's victory speech " Twelve of those words were "  hope " or variations of the word , which indicates optimism about the change  used nine times  he has promised to effect . Another 23 of the words were "  will , " another way of making the speech forward-looking . Though most of Obama 's verbs were in the active voice , 11 percent of the sentences were in the passive voice , a dependable method of deflecting responsibility , Payack said . He cited Obama 's "  There will be setbacks and false starts " as an example . "  He 's spreading the responsibility around , " Payack said . "  He did n't say , ' I will have setbacks . I will be wrong . I will make mistakes . ' He used the passive voice for those types of constructions . " But the vast majority of the hopeful references were in the active voice , he said . "  It 's very personal and very active . ' I promise we , as a people , will get there . ' " The speech was notable for what it omitted , too , Payack said . In this case , the absence of a reference to the September 11 terrorist attacks indicates a change in tone , he said . In his closing phrase , Obama repeats the mantra , "  Yes , we can , " which serves as a call to action , an acknowledgment that the country faces hard work , Payack said . Obama is saying , "  I 'm asking you to do something big , but we can do it together , " Payack said . "  We are the change ; we are the hope . "	Linguist says Obama 's speech was on seventh - or eighth-grade level That 's lower than King , Reagan speeches Speech was optimistic and forward-looking , expert says Lack of 9/11 reference was significant change in tone , linguist says
Susan Craig 's brother Roger died of a pulmonary embolism in 2007 , at age 38 . Diagnosed with bipolar disorder in high school , he had been on antipsychotic drugs for years . At the time of his death , he was carrying 280 pounds on his 6-foot-4-inch frame . Craig , a public relations specialist who works at Columbia University in New York City , knew that Roger 's medications could cause weight gain . But she had never been told that the drugs he was taking might be harming his heart . "  We were never counseled by his psychiatrist or his primary care provider to watch for symptoms of heart disease or any risk of sudden death at all , " Craig says . There 's no evidence that Roger 's medications caused his death , but his family might have been able to get him help sooner if they had known about the risks , Craig explains . New research published Wednesday in the New England Journal of Medicine shows that antipsychotic drugs are not risk free , and the study 's authors are urging much more caution in their use . The drugs are associated with a risk of sudden cardiac death , particularly at higher doses . Health.com 10 best foods for your heart Craig 's brother was taking haloperidol , which belongs to an older class of drugs called typical antipsychotics , which have long been known to increase the risk of sudden death due to cardiac causes . He was also on risperidone , a member of a newer class of drugs called atypical antipsychotics , which had been considered safer . Doctors prescribe these newer medications , originally developed to treat schizophrenia , for a wide variety of problems -- from conduct disorder in kids to aggressive behavior in Alzheimer 's patients . In fact , they 've become so popular that three of them -- olanzapine , risperidone , and quetiapine -- are among the 10 top-selling drugs worldwide , with $ 14.5 billion in sales in 2007 . The new study suggests that among patients taking high doses of atypical antipsychotics , there are about 3.3 cases of sudden cardiac death per 1,000 patients per year , which an editorial characterizes as a risk that 's "  between ` moderate ' and ` low , ' but not ` rare . ' " Health.com : Heart drug may be a cancer fighter About 325,000 people in the United States each year die of sudden cardiac death , which has an incidence of 0.1 to 0.2 percent per year in adults . " -LSB- The drugs -RSB- have potentially very serious side effects , " says Wayne A. Ray , Ph.D. , the director of the division of pharmacoepidemiology at Vanderbilt University School of Medicine , in Nashville . "  So whenever a decision is made to use one , consideration of potential side effects needs to be made . " Ray and his colleagues found that atypical antipsychotics doubled the risk of sudden death from heart-related causes , most likely by causing disturbances in heart rhythms . First introduced in the mid-nineties , atypical antipsychotics were praised for having none of the troublesome side effects of their predecessors , including frequent , involuntary movements of the face and mouth that were in some cases irreversible . But the new study shows that the increased risk of sudden cardiac death seen with the older drugs is nearly identical to that of the newer medications . There had been suspicions that the drugs were risky , especially when used in older patients , but the current study is the first to systematically investigate their association with sudden cardiac death . Ray and his colleagues reviewed data on Tennessee Medicaid patients , comparing 44,218 people using older typical antipsychotics and 46,089 taking the newer atypical antipsychotics to 186,600 people who had never used the drugs . People with schizophrenia may have a higher rate of cardiac problems , due to smoking and other factors . To account for this , researchers also compared antipsychotic drug users without schizophrenia to non-drug users who had characteristics  in most cases , mood disorders  that made them likely candidates for the drugs . Overall , people taking typical antipsychotics were at 1.99-times greater risk of sudden cardiac death , while the risk for those on atypical antipsychotics was increased 2.26 times . The increased risk was greater for people on higher doses of the drugs . People who had used the drugs in the past but stopped were n't at greater risk of sudden cardiac death . "  The drugs are still very effective for conditions that there 's proven evidence for , " says Jeffrey A. Lieberman , M.D. , a professor and chair of psychiatry at Columbia University , in New York City , and the director of the New York State Psychiatric Institute , who was not involved with Ray 's research . "  They clearly need to still be able to be used . I think this -LSB- study -RSB- really underscores the need to be very judicious about how these medications are used and whom they 're given to . " While atypical antipsychotics have been used to ease aggressive behavior for patients with Alzheimer 's disease , for example , they are not approved for this purpose by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration ; in fact , in 2005 , the FDA issued a warning that these drugs increased the risk of death among elderly people , extending the warning to all antipsychotic drugs last year , notes Sebastian Schneeweiss , M.D. , Sc.D. , an associate professor of medicine at Harvard Medical School , in Boston , who coauthored an editorial accompanying the current study . Health.com : How is depression in the elderly different from dementia ? Given the lack of better alternatives , these drugs are still widely used in patients with dementia despite the warnings , he adds . But while there 's anecdotal evidence that they will "  cool these patients down " and reduce their aggressive behaviors , there 's no scientific evidence that they really help patients or their caregivers , Dr. Schneeweiss says . In his editorial , Dr. Schneeweiss and coauthor Jerry Avorn , M.D. , also of Harvard , call for patients to undergo an electrocardiogram before and shortly after being placed on atypical antipsychotics , to determine if the drugs are causing any heart rhythm disturbances . For people who must be on these medications , Ray says , it 's essential for their doctors to treat any other conditions , such as high blood pressure , that can harm the heart . "  Sudden cardiac death usually occurs when multiple risk factors are present , " he explains . "  When you add one , it 's kind of like the straw that broke the camel 's back . " "  Absolutely the lowest dose that works should be used , because we found a strong dose response , " Ray says . Jamaison Schuler , a spokesperson for Eli Lilly and Company , the maker of Zyprexa , says , "  Although the study appears to have important limitations , it provides additional information for practicing physicians to consider as they decide how to treat very complex diseases such as schizophrenia and bipolar disorder . " The FDA has approved atypical antipsychotics for treating bipolar disorder , Ray adds . But the researcher recommends that physicians first try safer alternatives , such as the mood stabilizer lithium . "  That 's a very serious illness , and it has important consequences for patients ' quality of life and relationships , " Ray notes . "  If the mood stabilizer does n't work , I think it 's very reasonable to consider an antipsychotic , but ... other drugs should be considered first . " Finally , he says , a patient should never stop taking any drug without consulting his or her physician . Nevertheless , anyone taking an atypical antipsychotic for a non-FDA-approved use should consult his physician . "  I think off-label use should be undertaken very cautiously , and its frequency should be much less than it is currently , " Ray says . Health.com : Superfoods that can save your health For Susan Craig , the new research makes it clear that treating serious mental illness must go far beyond just prescribing pills . "  We need to be supporting these people in a better , more systematic way , " she says . "  There 's no magic pill . It 's treating the whole person . " Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright Health Magazine 2009	Atypical antipsychotic drugs associated with higher risk of sudden cardiac death Atypicals were thought to be safer than older , so-called "  typical " antipsychotics Three atypical antipsychotics are among the 10 top-selling drugs worldwide About 325,000 people in the U.S. die of sudden cardiac death each year
CNN  -- American Robert Kendrick , ranked 105 in the world , has been banned from tennis for a year after testing positive for banned stimulant methylhexaneamine during May 's French Open . The 31-year-old Kendrick , who lost in four sets to Spain 's Guillermo Garcia-Lopez in the first round at Roland Garros , will not be able to return to action until May 22 , 2012 , after his ban was back-dated to the day of the offence . The International Tennis Federation  ITF  accepted Kendrick 's claim that the stimulant was in a capsule he took to combat jetlag and was not intended to enhance his performance . What does the future hold for African tennis ? However , the Tennis Anti-Doping Program makes it clear it is up to each individual player to ensure that no prohibited substance enters their body . An ITF statement confirmed : "  The ITF announce that Robert Kendrick has been found to have committed a Doping Offence under Article C. 1 of the Tennis Anti-Doping Program . "  Mr Kendrick provided a sample on 22 May 2011 at the French Open held in Paris . That sample was sent to the WADA-accredited laboratory in Montreal , Canada for analysis , and was found to contain methylhexaneamine , a stimulant . "  Methylhexaneamine is a prohibited substance under section S6 of the 2010 WADA List of prohibited substances and is therefore also prohibited under the Tennis Anti-Doping Program . Mr Kendrick was therefore charged with an anti-doping rule violation under Article C. 1 of the Program . " Kendrick , who reached a career-high of 69 in the world in 2009 , has never won an ATP Tour title and never got past the second round of a grand slam event . However , he took the first two sets against Rafael Nadal in the second round at Wimbledon in 2006 before eventually going out . Meanwhile , in tennis action on Friday , three of the top four seeds are through to the semifinals of the Gstaad event in Switzerland . Top seed Nicolas Almagro joined fellow-Spaniard Fernando Verdasco , seeded four , and Russian third seed Mikhail Youzhny in the last four . However , second seed Stanislas Wawrinka disappointed the home fans by losing 6-3 6-2 to eighth seed Marcel Granollers , ensuring three Spaniards reached the semis . There was a major surprise in the WTA tournament in Stanford as top seed Victoria Azarenka was beaten 4-6 7-5 6-2 by New Zealand 's Marina Erakovic . However , local favorite Serena Williams claimed a hard-fought 6-3 3-6 6-2 win over Maria Kirilenko of Russia to set up a last eight showdown with Maria Sharapova .	American Robert Kendrick is banned from tennis for a year after failed drugs test Kendrick tested positive for stimulant methylhexaneamine at French Open Top seed Victoria Azarenka beaten by Marina Erakovic at WTA Stanford event
CNN  -- Based on the hundreds of e-mails , Facebook comments and Tweets I 've read in response to my denunciation of Virginia Gov. Bob McDonnell 's decision to honor Confederates for their involvement in the Civil War -- which was based on the desire to continue slavery -- the one consistent thing that supporters of the proclamation offer up as a defense is that these individuals were fighting for what they believed in and defending their homeland . In criticizing me for saying that celebrating the Confederates was akin to honoring Nazi soldiers for killing of Jews during the Holocaust , Rob Wagner said , "  I am simply defending the honor and dignity of men who were given no choice other than to fight , some as young as thirteen . " Sherry Callahan said that supporting the Confederacy is "  our history . Not hate ; it 's about heritage and history . " Javier Ramirez called slavery evil , but prefaced his remarks by saying that "  Confederate soldiers were never seen as terrorists by -LSB- President Abraham -RSB- Lincoln or U.S. generals on the battlefield . They were accorded POW status , they were never tried for war crimes . Not once did Confederate soldiers do any damage to civilians or their property in their invasion of the north . The same is not true of Union soldiers . " Realskirkland sent me a Tweet saying , "  Slavery is appalling , but was not the only reason for the CW -LSB- Civil War -RSB- . Those men , while misguided on some fronts stood up for what they felt was right . They embodied that American ideal that the states have a right to govern themselves . THAT is what a confederate soldier stood for . " If you take all of these comments , do n't they sound eerily similar to what we hear today from Muslim extremists who have pledged their lives to defend the honor of Allah and to defeat the infidels in the West ? When you make the argument that the South was angry with the North for "  invading " its "  homeland , " Osama bin Laden has said the same about U.S. soldiers being on Arab soil . He has objected to our bases in Saudi Arabia , and that 's one of the reasons he has launched his jihad against us . Is there really that much of a difference between him and the Confederates ? Same language ; same cause ; same effect . If a Confederate soldier was merely doing his job in defending his homeland , honor and heritage , what are we to say about young Muslim radicals who say the exact same thing as their rationale for strapping bombs on their bodies and blowing up cafes and buildings ? If the Sons of Confederate Veterans use as a talking point the vicious manner in which people in the South were treated by the North , does n't that sound exactly like the Taliban saying they want to kill Americans for the slaughter of innocent people in Afghanistan ? Defenders of the Confederacy say that innocent people were killed in the Civil War ; has n't the same argument been presented by Muslim radicals in Iraq , Afghanistan and other places where the U.S. has tangled with terrorists ? We ca n't on the one hand justify the actions of Confederates as being their duty as valiant men of the South , and then condemn the Muslim extremists who want to see Americans die a brutal death . These men are held up as honorable by their brethren , so why do Americans see them as different from our homegrown terrorists ? The fundamental problem with extremism is that when you 're on the side that is fanatical , all of your actions make sense to you , and you are fluent in trying to justify every action . Every position of those you oppose is a personal affront that calls for you to do what you think is necessary to protect yourself and your family . Just as radical Muslims have a warped sense of religion , Confederate supporters have a delusional view of what is honorable . The terrorists are willing to kill their own to prove their point , and the Confederates were just as willing in the Civil War to take up arms against their fellow Americans to justify their point . Even if you 're a relative of one of the 9/11 hijackers , that man was an out-and-out terrorist , and nothing you can say will change that . And if your great-great-great-granddaddy was a Confederate who stood up for Southern ideals , he too was a terrorist . They are the same . As a matter of conscience , I will not justify , understand or accept the atrocious view of Muslim terrorists that their actions represent a just war . They are reprehensible , and their actions a sin against humanity . And I will never , under any circumstances , cast Confederates as heroic figures who should be honored and revered . No -- they were , and forever will be , domestic terrorists . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland Martin .	Roland Martin says defenders of Confederate soldiers say they were protecting their homeland He says the Civil War was fought over slavery , an indefensible institution Martin says modern terrorists also say they are defending their homeland He says Confederates should not be honored but should be considered "  domestic terrorists "
The glitz of Cannes on the French Riviera is a world removed from the hellish conditions endured by the hundreds of illegal immigrants smuggled from Africa to Europe every year . But Senegalese director Moussa Toure is confronting attendees of the world 's leading film festival with their story of desperation in "  La Pirogue , " his first feature film in 14 years . "  La Pirogue " -- a pirogue being a type of flat-bottomed boat commonly used for fishing in West Africa -- tells the story of Baye Laye , a boat captain who hails from a fishing village outside Dakar . It follows his ordeal after he agrees to take a pirogue containing 30 men to Spain 's Canary Islands in search of a better life in Europe . Toure said the film was inspired by the fact that , in his experience , virtually every Senegalese family had a member who had left by boat for Europe . "  It 's an everyday reality in my country , " he told CNN , in French . "  In Dakar , young people attempt these journeys practically every day because they have no hope for their future in Senegal . They are often educated young people with qualifications , and they pay a lot of money to be smuggled out of the country , because they have no choice . " According to UNHCR figures , there were 5443 "  irregular arrivals " from North and West Africa by sea in Spain in 2011 -- down from 32,000 in 2006 . With the vessels poorly equipped for the arduous journeys of hundreds of kilometers , fatalities are commonplace . When Toure discovered his young mechanic was among those who had made the voyage , lasting two months in Europe before being discovered by authorities and sent home , the director pressed him for his experiences , which subsequently informed the film . See also : Beat goes on for Senegal 's octogenarian star The film was shot over two months in Senegal . Many of the actors , just like their characters , could not swim , making for some tense moments , said Toure . "  We had dangerous moments because we were filming at the mouth of the Saloum River and this is where it meets the sea . I was secretly terrified that we would capsize like often happens in real life . I was especially scared for those  the actors  who could not swim . " Moussa , a former electrician who shot his first short film in 1987 , has been focusing on documentaries for the past decade . Working on "  La Pirogue , " his third feature , was deeply affecting , he said , and the result had made his wife cry "  like I 've never seen her cry before " . The film , a French-Senegalese co-production , is one of 20 films selected for the "  Un Certain Regard "  A Particular Outlook  section of the festival , designated for original and innovative movies seeking international recognition . See also : African big cats caught on film Toure 's film is the only sub-Saharan African movie in competition this year , but African films -- particularly those from Senegal and Burkina Faso -- have fared well at the festival , especially over the past decade . In 2008 , the French-Liberian co-production "  Johnny Mad Dog " won the Prize of Hope at the festival , for its depiction of child soldiers at the end of the Second Liberian Civil War . It was based on the novel "  Johnny Chien Mechant " by Congolese author Emmanuel Dongala . In 2005 , "  Delwende , " directed by Burkina Faso 's S. Pierre Yameogo , won the same prize when it was screened . It told the story of a woman accused of being a "  soul eater " and subjected to trial by a council of elders after a child died in her village . The year previous , "  Moolaade , " by the late Senegalese writer and director Ousmane Sembene won the "  Prix Un Certain Regard , " while in 1990 , Burkina Faso 's Idrissa Ouedraogo won the Jury Grand Prize for his film "  Tilai . " African cinema also has a strong presence at Cannes with South African and Nigerian delegations at the festival 's film market . Their attendance is intended to showcase both countries ' film industries and the investment opportunities they represent . Nigeria boasts one of the world 's biggest film industries -- affectionately known as "  Nollywood " -- alongside Hollywood and Bombay 's "  Bollywood . " See also : Nollywood 's Julia Roberts Most of its output consists of pacey and vibrant video-format B-movies , which have immense popularity across the continent despite their shoe-string budgets . But recently a new generation of filmmakers has been seeking to elevate the industry through a movement they call "  New Nigeria Cinema , " involving stronger story lines , higher production values and a more authentic depiction of African experience . Toure is no stranger to film festivals ; last year he was president of the documentary film jury at Africa 's largest film festival , FESPACO  the Pan-African Film Festival of Ouagadougou , in Burkina Faso  . He said he was optimistic about the future of African cinema . "  I think there are great stories coming out of Africa and there are many people who are talented . Those who govern us do not get involved and leave cinema at the mercy of filmmakers , " he said . Follow the Inside Africa team on Twitter : @CNNInsideAfrica , Presenter Errol Barnett : @ErrolCNN , online producer : @StephanieBusari , Writer : @tim_hume	Senegalese film "  La Pirogue " is the only film from sub-Saharan Africa selected for Cannes It tells the story of a boatload of African migrants seeking to reach Spain 's Canary Islands Director Moussa Toure said making the movie was deeply affecting African films , particularly from Senegal and Burkina Faso , have previously done well at Cannes
CNN  -- We still ca n't watch baseball without a bunch of big dopes getting in our way . There we were that Monday , a day when yet another of the game 's great players  Ryan Braun  got expelled for doing something bad , right in the middle of a very entertaining season , witnessing good things galore . A beautiful , king-of-the-hill , top-of-the-heap New York , New York moment for retiring pitcher Mariano Rivera at the All-Star Game . A breakout , star-is-born summer for a Baltimore boy named Chris Davis who is belting home runs at a remarkable clip . A revival of the Los Angeles Dodgers following the arrival of Yasiel Puig , a young Cuban kid with incredible charisma . Oh , and let 's not forget the low-budget , low-expectation Pittsburgh Pirates looking like bling-ring contenders for a change . And the large-budget , lousy-last-year Boston Red Sox looking a whole better than a lot of experts expected them to look . And a lot of other fun in the sun . Only to get rained on again . Major League Baseball stepped up that day to suspend a big , big name of the game , Braun of the Milwaukee Brewers , his league 's Most Valuable Player of 2011 , for the remainder of 2013 . Ryan Braun suspended In a vaguely worded statement , the 29-year-old Braun alluded to having "  made some mistakes " as he accepted a ban from the field for the rest of this season . Braun had dodged this bullet once before , having failed a 2011 drug test only to successfully appeal it . Now he conceded , saying , "  I am not perfect . " Guess not . It is not a perfect game , baseball , but it sure can be a thing of beauty when it is played the right way . To our continuing disillusionment , we keep adding names to a Dead Sea-like scroll of players who go at it the wrong way  or sure do seem to  . Some of us simply roll our eyes , the way we do when politicians get caught doing something unattractive , take themselves out of the game for a while , then magically reappear to run again on the I Am Not Perfect ticket and seek your vote . You can expect Braun to be back , much the same way . A fan or two will boo in 2014 when his name is announced at a game , but if he hits the ball over the wall , a thousand or two others will stand and give him a hand as he rounds the bases , saying "  nice job , Brauny , " thrilled to have him back . Milwaukee itself wo n't mind this latest suspension as much as it would if its team were not currently in last place . Trust me , if the Brewers were neck-and-neck right now with the St. Louis Cardinals and the Pirates in their division 's race for first place , beers would be cried into from Madison to Beloit to Sheboygan . This guy is a huge deal there . "  Braun " jerseys are n't often seen on Broadway or in the Bay Area or deep in the heart of Texas , but in Wisconsin , he seemed to be the Hank Aaron of his generation , a rising star in his 20s who could well be a legend by his 40s . In six seasons , Braun has been voted Rookie of the Year in one , then an All-Star in the next five . He already has 211 home runs . Robin Yount , who spent his entire 20-year career in Milwaukee before being elected to baseball 's Hall of Fame , hit a total of 251 homers in that span . That 'll give you a small idea of how big Braun could be . He is paid a king 's ransom , if Kate 's and Will 's new baby in England wo n't mind us saying . Braun has a nine-figure contract in Milwaukee that runs through the year 2020 . He is expected back at Miller Park , same time next year , tail between legs but bat in hand . Kwik Trip drops Braun after drug suspension I doubt if many elsewhere would recognize Ryan Braun today if he came walking down the street toward you . He probably would n't be mobbed by paparazzi in , say , New York , a city with a history of big baseball stars . Or mobbed by autograph hounds in downtown Chicago , which is just 90 miles from Milwaukee , which is where Braun absolutely IS a big baseball star . He would n't have many smartphone cameras aimed his way while having dinner in Los Angeles , which is in the general vicinity of Braun 's hometown . He is no Derek Jeter , a famous face coast-to-coast . Nor is he Alex Rodriguez , but they definitely do have something in common . A-Rod 's name has been linked to Biogenesis , a so-called "  anti-aging " clinic in South Florida that is being investigated over the possibility of making performance-enhancing drugs available to a number of athletes . Braun 's name also surfaced in that investigation . Some believe his suspension Monday will be just the first of several more to follow in the days ahead . Again and again , the game of baseball has taken measures and given assurance that steroid use or substance abuse in any form will not be tolerated . We tend to nod and believe none of today 's players would be foolish enough to take such a risk , but the fools could very well be us . CNN Explains : Performance enhancing drugs It was only a year ago that the All-Star Game was won by the National League -- and , as a reward , home-field advantage for the World Series -- with no small thanks due to Melky Cabrera , a player from the San Francisco Giants who was voted the midsummer game 's MVP . But shortly thereafter , Cabrera was suspended for a positive drug test and did not return to the Giants , who happily enjoyed their home-field edge in the World Series anyway . Thank goodness this year 's All-Star Game hero was the Yankees ' heroic figure Rivera , a man whose career has been pure to the point of immaculate in its lack of controversy or reputation stain . I am certain that Mariano must have been guilty of doing something wrong during his career -- a parking ticket , perhaps , or leaving a sock in his locker -- but he remains among the hundreds of major leaguers who give us hope that baseball is a game more clean than dirty . Ryan Braun pulled the old Lance Armstrong routine , casting aspersions on the work of those who did the testing and investigating , making it sound like somebody was out to get him . A lot of people bought it . He was going to be the one who really did get unfairly tagged as a doper  and a dope  . Sure he was . And then rainy days and Mondays come around , and there was Braun 's permanent stain for all to see . It gets tiresome , does n't it ? Hearing about this stuff ? Reading about it ?  Writing about it sure as hell does .  Would n't it be sweet if we could just get through an entire season talking about nothing else except whether the Oriole boy would wallop 75 home runs , or if the Pirates would finally get to hold a World Series in their beautiful ballpark , or if L.A. 's fans would introduce a "  Puig Leagues " section in the outfield seats as prominently as the "  Hollywood " sign ? Oh , and do n't the Braves look good , too ? And , hey , the Rays are really on a roll . And that 's a nice trade the Rangers just made . And , whoa , that Reds kid sure does throw hard . And maybe the A 's really are in it to win it . And the town might be bankrupt but Detroit 's team is loaded , man . And plenty of good seats in Miami still available . Dopes , go away . We 're trying to watch a game here . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mike Downey .	Ryan Braun suspended for the rest of the year by Major League Baseball Mike Downey says news of suspension comes in midst of a great season People want to focus on Mariano Rivera , Chris Davis , Yasiel Puig , Downey says Downey : Baseball 's troubles with drugs are tiresome and distract from the game
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A Los Angeles County judge ordered former NFL star and rape defendant Darren Sharper to be held without bail Thursday in the wake of additional charges in Arizona . Sharper , 38 , was being held on $ 1 million bail connected with charges of drugging and raping two women in the Los Angeles area , but Judge Renee Korn removed the bail and ordered him to remain in jail after this week 's announcement that an Arizona grand jury has indicted Sharper . Sharper 's next court date in Los Angeles is March 24 . A grand jury in Tempe , Arizona , indicted Sharper on two counts of sexual assault and three counts of administering dangerous drugs relating to an incident alleged to have happened on November 21 , Tempe police said Wednesday . Authorities have said Sharper , 38 , is under investigation in three other states -- Louisiana , Nevada and Florida -- in cases of alleged sexual assault . So far , he has been charged only in California and Arizona . New Orleans police have issued an arrest warrant for Sharper . Another man accused in the New Orleans case , Erik Nunez , was charged last week with two counts of aggravated rape and released on $ 400,000 bail on Monday , CNN affiliate WVUE reported . The application for the arrest warrant says New Orleans detectives interviewed two women who said they were raped on September 23 . The two accusers told police they were so impaired they do n't recall "  the entirety of the sexual intercourse , " and that they never agreed to have sex . In February , Sharper pleaded not guilty in the Los Angeles County court to charges of rape by use of drugs , furnishing a controlled substance and possession of a controlled substance , all felonies . Those alleged rapes occurred in January and last October , authorities said . His attorneys said he maintains any sex was consensual . In the Florida investigation , a woman in January filed a sexual battery complaint in Miami Beach against Sharper relating to a 2012 incident , a police report said . Miami Beach Police said they are investigating the case . Sharper played for the Green Bay Packers , Minnesota Vikings and New Orleans Saints from 1997 through the 2010 season . The five-time Pro Bowl player intercepted 63 passes in his career , tying for seventh all-time ; he is tied for second all-time in interceptions returned for touchdowns with 11 , according to Pro-Football-Reference . com . He was recently fired as an NFL Network analyst .	A judge removes bail and orders Darren Sharper to remain in jail The order comes the same week that an Arizona indictment is announced against Sharper Sharper had been held in jail on $ 1 million bail The ex-NFL star 's next court date is March 24
CNN  -- Basketball star Brittney Griner was cut Monday by a man with a knife while she was on a bus the day before a game with her Chinese team . Griner , who also plays in the United States for the WNBA champion Phoenix Mercury , put out a message on Instagram assuring her fans that she was OK after the attack in Shenyang . She described her injury as a "  little scratch . " Chinese state news agency Xinhua reported the man was drunk and said he was on the team bus "  claiming he was looking for his girlfriend . " Griner wrote that the man chased her and three teammates onto the bus and yelled at them after he cornered them . He finally left , she wrote . Xinhua reported he was arrested by security guards . "  When I got on the bus , I was scared by what I saw . Griner was bleeding , " Coach Xu Limin told Xinhua . Neither Xinhua nor Griner said where on her body she was cut . The injury must have been minor . On Tuesday , Griner scored 19 points , grabbed 11 rebounds and had six blocks for her team , which is based in Beijing . "  Life can be took at any moment ! Cherish every moment ! AGAIN IM OK ! " Griner wrote on Instagram . The 6-foot-8 Griner is also a star on the U.S. national team .	U.S. star is in China playing for a professional team there She calls the injury a scratch The next day she scores 19 points during her team 's game
CNN  -- To the devout , the concept of becoming "  Muslim for a month " -- or any other religion , for that matter -- could verge on the sacrilegious . "  It 's a provocative title , ` Muslim for a Month , ' so we were bracing ourselves for  criticism  , " said Ben Bowler , who runs cultural exchange programs with that name . The tours take non-Muslims from around the world into Turkish mosques and homes for a first-hand experience of Islam . "  There has been a little of that -- ` Being a Muslim is for life , not just a month , " he added . But overwhelmingly , he said , the response from Muslims has been positive because the tours help to dispel negative stereotypes about the religion and leave participants with an enriched spiritual perspective . "  People are very visibly moved , " Bowler said . "  There 's lots of tears . It 's a rich , multi-layered experience and people are coming out with changed ideas and changed perceptions -- they are more aware of the positive side of the religion than before . " Muslim for a Month , run by Bowler 's NGO World Weavers , is part of a new breed of cultural immersion tourism being dubbed "  pray-cations . " It promises travelers a rich , meaningful experience , by exposing them to religious beliefs and practices "  in a country where spirituality is still very much alive , " he said . Bowler , a Thailand-based Australian , has run half a dozen of the tours in recent years , during which participants are taught the basics of Islamic practice , study Islamic history and calligraphy , pray in mosques and live and eat with Muslim families . The itinerary also includes a day of fasting . During the 10-day or 21-day tours  the "  month " in the tour name is slightly misleading , organizers admit  , tour members stay in a 400-year-old Sufi lodge in Istanbul 's Eyup district , visit the ancient city of Konya to visit the tomb of Sufi mystic Rumi , and admire the ecstatic services of the whirling dervishes who follow his teachings . See also : My Faith : How Hajj gave us a child Those teachings set the tone for the course , said Bowler . Rumi , who lived in 13th century , was "  somebody who , during a time of ethnic tensions , was able to hit a very high note of love and tolerance and acceptance that we want to hold up as relevant today , " he added . Tina Reisman-Boukes , a 56-year-old Dutch social worker and convert to Judaism , took part in one of the tours on the recommendation of her son . He had been on one himself , and given her a book on Rumi , as he believed it would resonate with her . She said the course gave her a deeper understanding , both of Islam , "  as a systematic way to get closer to God , " and of herself . The rituals of Islam , she said , helped her in her quest to resolve the "  inner conflict between individuality and community . " It also emphasized the connections between all people -- whatever their faith . "  Rumi loved people , not because of what they did or showed , but because he saw the little flame in their heart that waits to be illuminated , " she said . "  I was born in Holland , baptized Christian and converted to Judaism ... If I had been born in Turkey , I might have been Muslim . If I had been born in Thailand , I might have been Buddhist . Does it matter ? " Reisman-Boukes 's experience reflected the aims of the course , which were twofold , said Bowler : to correct the current "  low PR of Islam itself , and religion in general . " He hopes the tours will promote "  global understanding " by establishing direct contact between outsiders and the Muslim world . "  So many of our ideas are formed through second-hand information , " he said . "  We 're wanting this to be an example of first-hand experience , which makes people 's preconceptions fall away . " Bowler also wishes for the tours to encourage participants in "  the search for spirituality " in an increasingly secular world . "  I 'm from Australia , my wife is Dutch , so we 're both from very secular backgrounds , and it feels like we might be missing out on something , " he said . "  It 's  a  living , breathing religious experience just being on the tour . We hope they go away not just with a broader understanding of Islam , but with a broader personal spiritual perspective as well . " No participants had converted to Islam , he said , although that was not something the tours particularly sought to encourage . He said that typically , the most challenging aspect of Islamic life for tourists was the segregation between the genders , particularly given that some tours were 70 % women . "  But most of our participants come away realizing it 's part of the culture and that these women are n't subjugated -- they 're often living their lives happily , " he said . See also : The story of Mecca as it 's never been told before Religion is always a sensitive subject , and the tours have faced some resistance . The group 's Facebook page has been targeted with derogatory anti-Muslim comments by the far-right British National Party , while some travel agents have been reluctant to promote the tours due to unease about Islam , said Bowler . Meanwhile , some Muslims have expressed discomfort with their all-encompassing faith being treated as something that can be dipped into as a touristic experience . But Bowler , who has also run "  Monk for a Month " tours with Thai Buddhists , and is launching an "  Interfaith Express " tour in Turkey focusing on the three Abrahamic faiths , believes there is nothing wrong with the tour 's approach to religion . "  We might be the first generation that gets to experience a variety of religions , " he said . "  I grew up in an Irish Catholic family where my dad was Catholic because his dad was Catholic and that was as much thought that went into it . "  These days we 're blessed to be able to experience Buddhism or Islam or Christianity or whatever it might be and to take the values and the meanings we find and apply them to life . "  I see a remarkable opportunity we have being alive today to be able to go and benefit from the various traditions ... by taking what makes sense to the individual . " Follow the Inside the Middle East team on Twitter : Presenter Rima Maktabi : @rimamaktabi , producer Jon Jensen : @jonjensen , producer Schams Elwazer : @SchamsCNN and writer Tim Hume : @tim_hume	` Muslim for a Month ' is a tour giving non-Muslims an inside look at Islam Participants live , pray and fast as Muslims in Turkish homes and mosques The aim is to encourage global understanding and a deeper spiritual outlook Some travel agents have been wary of the tours , say organizers
CNN  -- Eva Walusimbi knows well how it is to live in darkness . As a community leader in the small town of Mityana , central Uganda , she 's been witnessing the health hazards and financial strains that a shortage of electricity can bring to people living in energy poor , rural areas . "  Just three miles away from here , people in the villages do n't have electricity -- some of them use candles , some use kerosene lamps , " says Walusimbi , who runs schools for orphans and disadvantaged children in Uganda . "  One morning there was a kid that was picked from school early in the morning because her sibling had died in a fire , " she says . " -LSB- The kid -RSB- had lit a candle in the house and then went outside to do some other chores , so the candle melted away and the house was all on fire . By the time that they came back to see what 's going on , the whole house was burned down and the kid was burned to ashes . " In Uganda , some 90 % of the population lives without access to electricity , according to World Bank figures . Apart from the health risks , Walusimbi , 50 , says that lack of electricity is also preventing people from escaping poverty . "  People that are living without electricity , their day ends up so quickly -- they can do less work compared to the people with full light , " she says . But for Walusimbi , there is light at the end of the tunnel . She has joined Solar Sister , a group aiming to eradicate energy poverty while creating economic opportunities for women . Using an Avon-style women 's distribution system , Solar Sister trains , recruits and supports female entrepreneurs in East Africa to sell affordable solar lighting and other green products such as solar lamps and mobile phone chargers . The women use their community networks of family and neighbors to build their own businesses , earning a commission on each sale . Read related : Harnessing pedal power to light up Africa Solar Sister founder Katherine Lucey , a former investment banker with expertise in the energy sector , says this model is creating access to safe , affordable and clean energy while helping women to earn a steady income to support their families . "  This gives them a chance to earn money in a way that is a lot more steady -- they have control over it and that money can come into the family , " says Lucey , who is based in Rhode Island , in the United States . "  In almost all cases we see them using that to spend on education for their children . " During her 20-year career as an energy executive , Lucey says she 'd seen how access to electricity was fundamental for economic growth . But whilst working on large-scale energy projects in developing countries , she also realized that the pressing needs of many poor individuals were still not being served . After dark , houses not connected to the electricity grid rely mainly on open-flame kerosene lamps for light . Such lanterns , however , pose fire hazards , emit toxic fumes and a put a strain on family budgets . "  You really ca n't raise up above subsistence living if you do n't have light , electricity and energy , " says Lucey . "  And when you do have it , it 's just tremendous what people are able to accomplish and the impact it has on people 's lives : children can study more and go to school , women can start businesses and are able to provide for their families . " Read also : Pay-as-you-go solar power lights up rural Africa According to Lighting Africa , a joint World Bank - International Finance Corporation program developed to increase access to clean sources of energy for lighting , 589 million people in the continent live without access to a public electricity facility . The group says African poor rural households and small businesses pay $ 10 billion per year for lighting purposes , while communities not connected to the grid spend $ 4.4 billion annually on kerosene . Lucey says ending a culture of dependency on aid is crucial to help people escape economic hardship and deal with the issue of energy poverty . She explains : "  There 's not enough philanthropy in the world to solve this problem , " she says . "  A third of the world population does n't have access to electricity -- it 's not going to be solved by philanthropy , it 's going to be solved by some kind of market mechanism where people have access to this product ... and purchase as they need it . " So far , more than 270 entrepreneurs in Uganda , Rwanda and South Sudan have joined Solar Sister . Lucey says the group , which is looking to expand in other counties in the continent , is deliberately working solely with women as they are responsible of managing the energy needs of a household . "  Women are the ones who walk miles to cut the wood ; women are the ones who go to markets to buy kerosene -- so if we wanted to make the change that someone would say ` well , I 'll quit the kerosene , I 'm going to buy a solar lamp and use cleaner technology , ' then it had to be the person who was in charge of making that decision and that 's the women . " Back in Mityana , Walusimbi says her life has "  changed enormously " since she started working with the group , using the extra money to cover her household and farm needs . "  It makes me feel proud to see that I 'm bringing an income to my family , " she says . "  Because if I can support my family , I feel good -- other than seeking helplessly and looking for everything to be sponsored . "	Solar Sister is a network of women selling solar lighting to poor communities The female entrepreneurs make a commission on every sale More than 270 women in three East African countries have so far joined the group Founder Katherine Lucey says energy poverty will not be solved by philanthropy
ANCHORAGE , Alaska  CNN  -- Republican presidential candidate John McCain criticized two of his future running mate 's hometown projects in broadsides in 2001 against congressional "  pork-barrel " spending , records from the Arizona senator 's office show . Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin campaigns in Lee 's Summit , Missouri , with Sen. John McCain Monday . McCain and running mate Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin have criticized such spending as a central part of their campaign for the White House . McCain has made pork-busting a centerpiece of his maverick pitch for years . But when Palin served as mayor of her hometown of Wasilla , outside Anchorage , she obtained about $ 27 million in federal "  earmarks " during her last four years in office , according to the watchdog group Taxpayers for Common Sense . In a 2001 statement opposing a transportation spending bill McCain singled out for criticism about $ 3 million worth of those projects . McCain 's list of "  objectionable " spending included a $ 2.5 million road project for the town that then had a population of 5,500 , as well as a $ 450,000 appropriation for an agricultural processing plant there . McCain 's campaign responded Wednesday by saying the record on pork-barrel spending "  is one we are eager to discuss . " Watch McCain rail against earmarks " "  As mayor of Wasilla , Gov. Palin was forced to work within the current system to obtain critical funding for a growing city , " the campaign said in a statement . By comparison , it said , Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Barack Obama "  has consciously attempted to manipulate the system by requesting nearly $ 1 million every working day he has been in the Senate . " Palin already has been facing questions about her stump-speech claim to have said " ` Thanks , but no thanks ' for that bridge to nowhere up in Alaska . " Palin originally supported construction of the infamous bridge from Ketchikan to its airport on sparsely populated Gravina Island , but canceled work on the span in 2007 after the price tag increased from about $ 200 million to nearly $ 400 million and it became a symbol of congressional excess . The governor has n't faced reporters since August 29 , when McCain tapped her as his running mate . But her lieutenant governor , Sean Parnell , said Palin has reversed her support for earmarked spending projects because "  I think she saw what they were . " "  As you 're in office longer , you see the cumulative effect from Wasilla to Pensacola , and you see the corruption that can come from those , " Parnell said , referring to earmarks . Parnell is now locked in a still-unresolved GOP primary with "  Bridge to Nowhere " advocate Don Young , the state 's sole congressman for more than 30 years . Palin backed his challenge to Young in the Republican contest . But longtime Alaska journalist and former Palin staffer Larry Persily said the governor "  is telling only half the story , as far as the earmarks . " "  She was hungry for funding from the federal government that could help her community , " Persily said . Palin not only sought money from Alaska 's congressional delegation , but she hired the former chief of staff to veteran Alaska Sen. Ted Stevens -- now under indictment in a wide-ranging corruption probe -- for help . The result was that Wasilla won $ 600,000 for a new bus facility , $ 1.75 million to upgrade its dispatch center and $ 2.4 million to improve water and sewer facilities . "  We did well , " Palin scrawled in the margins of a City Council memo on federal funds from 1999 . Since becoming governor , she has cut the amount of money her vast , oil-rich state asks for from the federal government . But for the 2008 budget year , Alaska had more earmark requests per capita than any other state -- $ 500 for every resident . Palin sought about $ 450 million in earmarks during her first two years in state office , according to federal records . They include nearly $ 8 million to improve a remote airport in the Aleutian Islands , a former Navy airfield that handles eight scheduled flights a month ; $ 4 million to research sea crab stocks ; and $ 2 million to research rockfish .	McCain criticized about $ 3 million in Wasilla earmarks in 2001 statement Palin already faces criticism for initial support for "  bridge to nowhere " Palin forced to work within the system to obtain "  critical funding , " campaign says Records show Palin sought about $ 450 million in earmarks in first 2 years in office
CNN  -- IN FOCUS : Dubai revisited The global downturn of 2008 put the brakes on Dubai 's rapidly expanding property sector , precipitating a $ 25 billion restructuring of the Gulf Emirate 's debts . With the financial markets again teetering on the edge of disaster , MME investigates how Dubai is reshaping its ownership laws to protect the housing industry from a second crisis . IN FOCUS : The road to statehood The Palestinian president Mahmoud Abbas will head to the United Nations in September to request official recognition of a Palestinian state . MME analyzes the complexities of preparing an economy for the burdens of nationhood . FACETIME : Reem Acra , fashion designer Reem Acra is one of the hottest names in the Lebanese fashion industry . MME visits the designers new flagship store in Beirut to find why she thinks the Middle East is such an untapped market for chic and style . Marketplace Middle East airs weekly at the following times  GMT  : Fridays : 0845 , 1645 , Saturdays : 0615 , Sundays : 0515 , 1745 , Mondays : 0045	MME looks at the property laws insulating Dubai 's housing sector What does it take to prepare an economy for statehood ? MME investigates Leading Lebanese designer , Reem Acra talks fashion
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A Los Angeles judge ordered doctors to resume water , nutrition and medication infusions for Casey Kasem on Monday . The decision came during a hearing in which a lawyer for the iconic radio host 's wife accused Kasem 's daughter of denying food , water and medication to her father to hasten his death . Monday 's hearing was the latest in a series of court battles over control of health decisions for Kasem , 82 . He suffers from Lewy body dementia , which has no cure , according to court documents . The retired "  American Top 40 " host is in critical condition at St. Anthony Hospital in Kitsap County , Washington , where his wife , Jean Kasem , took him last month amid the legal dispute with her stepchildren . Kasem 's children hope family will put aside dispute in his last moments Kasem "  wo n't be with us much longer , " Danny Deraney , the representative for daughter Kerri Kasem , said Friday . Jean Kasem 's lawyer Steve Haney called Kerri Kasem "  a godless woman " after Monday 's hearing , referring to his contention that she is a member of the Church of Scientology . Deraney denies that Kerri Kasem has ever been a Scientologist , adding , "  She loves studying religions . Jean picked out the most controversial one to distract from what 's really going on . " Haney told reporters outside the courthouse that Kerri Kasem 's motive for speeding up her father 's death was financial . "  She 's in a pretty serious economic situation that would be dramatically improved as the result of her father 's death , " Haney said . She "  could cash in immediately " on her share of a $ 2 million life insurance policy when he dies , he said . Kerri Kasem was in Washington with her father Monday and not at the hearing , but her lawyer defended her . "  I think Kerri has conducted herself in a way that demonstrates she 's solely concerned about the health of her father , " attorney Troy Martin said . Martin attacked Jean Kasem for ignoring court orders and removing her husband from a Los Angeles nursing home "  where he had no bedsores , where he had no infections , and took him on a road trip , over a thousand miles , to a place that was n't his home , and did n't give him proper medical care . " Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Daniel Murphy will reconsider at a hearing Friday who should make medical decisions for Kasem : his daughter , wife or a neutral party . He ordered Kasem 's court-appointed lawyer to travel to Washington to assess his medical condition and try to communicate with him . "  He 's not a vegetable. He can communicate , " his wife 's lawyer told Murphy . But the daughter 's attorney told the judge that was false . CNN 's Matt Carey and Jane Caffrey contributed to this report .	Doctors stopped food , water , medicine infusions at daughter 's direction , wife 's lawyer says Kasem "  wo n't be with us much longer , " daughter 's rep says A court-appointed lawyer will visit the radio icon to assess his medical situation Kasem suffers from Lewy body dementia , which has no cure , court documents say
CNN  -- "  The English media created an icon , an almost perfect human being . " - soccer agent Paulo Texeira . Above all else , Jose Mourinho just needs to feel loved again . It has been in short supply during the final , painful throes of his tempestuous tenure as coach of Real Madrid . Beaten to the La Liga title by Barcelona , blasted out of the Champions League by Borussia Dortmund and battered by the press in Madrid , this is a season he 's decried as the worst of his career . The 50-year-old leaves looking visibly drained , with dissent dripping from the dressing room and insults ringing in his ears , rivals lamenting him as a "  scourge " on Spanish football . Little wonder then that Mourinho has opted for a return to Chelsea , the English side that helped the Portuguese etch his name into the fabric of modern football folklore as "  The Special One . " For a man who seems determined to forge new frontiers and embrace different cultures around the continent his desire for a second stint at Stamford Bridge has come as a surprise to many . But according to Portuguese journalist Jose Carlos Freitas , Mourinho 's latest move is down to the concept of pater familias ; having reached a stage in his career where he wants to mold a club in his image for the long term . "  I think he is ready to come back to Chelsea in a different way , to try and build something from zero , " Freitas , a reporter at the Record newspaper , told CNN . "  It will be a challenge to rebuild Chelsea 's team . This might be the job that keeps him there for five or 10 years . He needs to be the number one guy in the club , not only winning but thinking about the club , changing it , preparing it . "  When Mourinho was starting his career he wanted to win things -- leagues , cups and the Champions League -- but now he has achieved this status in his career where he needs more . "  I see this might be a great chance for him to finally have a real connection with  Chelsea 's billionaire Russian owner Roman Abramovich  in the way that they can build a Chelsea to look like Manchester United did under Alex Ferguson . " Freitas agrees that Mourinho 's time at Real will have chastened the coach who famously anointed himself as "  special . " Three years in Spain have brought a hat-trick of domestic trophies , including a league title that broke Barcelona 's dominance under Pep Guardiola , but , crucially , not the 10th European Champions League crown their fervent fans crave . Growls of disquiet had been audible for a while but as soon as Real 's quest for "  La Decima " ended , it became a crescendo . Mourinho spoke of the people in Spain who "  hated " him and confirmation of his departure led Barcelona vice-president Carles Vilarrubi to declare him a "  scourge on Spanish football " in a radio interview . Vilarrubi also predicted he 'll be a "  disaster " at Chelsea . Dressing room dissent Unusually for a coach who has prided himself on forging unbreakable spirit amongst his squad , criticism has also seeped from his players . The coach 's decision to drop goalkeeper Iker Casillas , Spain 's World Cup-winning captain and a Real poster boy with 23 years ' service to the club , in favor of new signing Diego Lopez caused much of the consternation . His own players , including fellow Portuguese Pepe , criticized his treatment of Casillas but Mourinho would not yield , dismissing the defender 's remarks as jealousy . Despite this fractious finale to his Real career , one of Mourinho 's former players has a different take on the culture of conflict that has dominated the final chapter of his Bernabeu reign . "  At Real Madrid some players were against him but you have to look at that in a different way : why , in a 12-year career , is it that only two or three people are complaining ? " asks Frederico Castro Roque dos Santos , known as Freddy , who played under Mourinho for Portuguese side Uniao de Leiria . "  For me this is success , this is huge . Everywhere he goes people like him ; he passed through so many clubs , so many players , so many figures and only now some people complain . " Even as a young coach Mourinho was laying the founding principles upon which his success would be based . His first step is demonstrating , and demanding , ultimate loyalty from his charges . So what was it like to play for him ? "  He protected us from everyone , from the president , from fans , from journalists . To protect his own people he does n't care about the consequences outside , " Freddy explained . "  Even when he left Inter Milan , one player that hardly played  Italian defender Marco Materazzi  hugged him and cried with him , so this revealed what he does inside a team . "  He makes you believe you are the best player . In my case , a player who was 20 years old , he told me I would be the best player in the league . Even though I was n't , I believed him . This is like a father to a son , your son is always the best . This is his major weapon . "  He 's also good with personal relationships -- he is like a psychologist . He has a lot of qualities that are not normal in coaches . "  I believe he is the same person but when you are coach of Chelsea or Real Madrid you have more enemies , let 's say . It is a more difficult fight when you are in a big team , but he will protect everyone until the end . " Press relations Mourinho 's entrance at Chelsea back in 2004 was unforgettable . Suave and sophisticated , he strolled into his new post as a Champions League winner with Porto and instantly declared to the gathered media : "  I think I am a special one . " This one line came to symbolize his close relationship with the English press . They loved his perceived arrogance , the way he prowled the touchline , and he admired their principles of fair play . Though that relationship had soured by the time he left Chelsea in 2007 , having secured five major trophies -- including the club 's first league title in 55 year -- it still represented the high point in his dealings with the media . His time as coach of Internazionale in Italy , which yielded two Serie A titles , two domestic cup wins and another Champions League triumph , was punctuated by rows with journalists -- one even accused him of physical violence . Relations with the notorious Madrid press veered between difficult and impossible ; Mourinho 's desire to shape the club the way he wanted combined with his confrontational style jarred with many . "  He always understood something that is awfully important in modern football , to play a role , as if in the theater , " Freitas explains . "  If you go to the theater you see an actor performing a role and he does that . I think he does that sometimes in a positive way , sometimes in a way people do n't understand . The press in Madrid never understood this . "  The press are all supporters of the club . It 's a personal thing in Spain , when they see someone who is trying to change the situation at the club . "  He tried to change the organization ; he had problems with  former Real director  Jorge Valdano , trying to have full control of the professional team . This was not regarded as a positive thing by the press or the players . "  There was no way out for him , even if he had won the Champions League . If he had won ` La Decima ' then he could have gone out using the main door leaving like a God , but he did n't . " Freddy 's playing career is nearing an end but he already has his "  UEFA ` B " coaching license as he looks to follow in Mourinho 's footsteps . He says his old coach 's methods will form the basis upon which he approaches his role . "  As Mourinho said , we always can improve the individual , " he explained . "  We do n't have to take the best players to have the best team , we can put a couple of guys together and make them the best together . I saw this with my eyes so I want to do it for the kids back in my home country Angola . "  I learnt from Mourinho that everyone should be treated differently . You would n't treat Frank Lampard the same like John Obi Mikel . A guy that is more explosive I try to extract his quality , a guy that is more technical too , we do n't need to criticize . "  We were in one team that was simple and we were fighting to be champions with a low budget , inferior players , but as a unit it worked , I saw it with my eyes . We can inject psychology and knowledge into any individual . "  Mourinho is almost complete as a coach . In England he is known as ` The Special One ' but when you know him , you see that it 's not a joke . He is special . "	Jose Mourinho is returning to coach Chelsea six years after leaving London The Portuguese coach 's three-year tenure at Real Madrid ended in failure Mourinho ready to build a dynasty at Chelsea , according to a Portuguese journalist One of his former players says Mourinho is perfectly suited to English football
CNN  -- Police officers in the Mexican resort town of Playa del Carmen are suspects in the alleged rape of an Italian citizen earlier this month , according to the local state 's attorney 's office . The alleged rape occurred on February 12 , when the victim and a male companion were leaving a night club in Playa del Carmen between 3 and 4 a.m. , said Maria Antonia Salmeron , a spokeswoman with the state 's attorney 's office of Quintana Roo , the state where Playa del Carmen and Cancun are located . The man , also an Italian citizen , decided to stop at a nearby alley to urinate . That 's when the couple was intercepted by the police . Subsequently , the woman was attacked by the officers of the Playa del Carmen Police Department , Salmeron said . Mexican attorney general : Six suspects confess to raping Spanish tourists "  The suspects  detained her , and these young men caught  her  when she was in an ` inconvenient ' state and took  advantage of the situation  , or rather , took advantage of her , " said Carlos Bibiano Villa Castillo , Quinata Roo security secretary , according to Mexico 's Foro TV . The victim , who is a resident of Playa del Carmen , reported the incident to police , Salmeron said . Salmeron identified the suspects as Mardonio Guzman Gomez and Jose Manuel Enriquez Hernandez , who have been charged with rape and abuse of authority . Playa del Carmen Police Commander Ramon Bolainas Xicotencatl is at-large , Salmeron said According to the government news agency Notimex , the police officers also demanded a bribe of 3,000 Mexican pesos  about $ 235  from their victims . When the police officers realized the Italians had no money , the woman was attacked , Notimex said . Gaspar Armando Garcia Torres , Quintana Roo 's state 's attorney , confirmed the bribe attempt . "  We were obviously very concerned after we learned about the alleged rape . That 's why we immediately launched an investigation , " Salmeron said . The alleged rape happened only eight days after six Spanish tourists were allegedly raped in the Mexican beach resort of Acapulco . Officials in the state of Guerrero , where Acapulco is located , announced the arrests of five suspects a week after the attack . Rape case in Mexican resort city puts violence back in the spotlight The six victims were among 14 people victimized by hooded gunmen who burst into a beach bungalow in the resort town before dawn on February 4 . An investigator in the Acapulco incident said the suspects , all between the ages of 20 and 30 , also stole cell phones , iPads and tennis shoes from the victims , who allegedly had bought drugs from their attackers the day before the rape . According to a recent U.S. State Department travel warning "  resort areas and tourist destinations in Mexico generally do not see the levels of drug-related violence and crime reported in the border region and in areas along major trafficking routes . " The warning published last November says "  no advisory is in effect " for tourist areas in Quintana Roo , including Cancun , Cozumel , Playa del Carmen , Riviera Maya and Tulum . Authorities search for Nuevo Laredo police chief	An Italian resident of Playa del Carmen says she was raped by police officers , authorities say Two officers have been charged with rape and abuse of authority , district attorney 's office says Incident closely follows an attack on six Spanish tourists in Acapulco
For Hafez al-Assad , the calculation was clear . He had won power in Syria by outmaneuvering rivals and , when necessary , using force . His son would not have to repeat those steps to win power -- but likely would have to emulate his father to remain as president . Al-Assad groomed his son , gave him a military pedigree , toughened him . The path was set . The son in question was not Bashar al-Assad , the man now leading Syria in a spiraling civil war and toward a possible military strike by the United States . The son Hafez wanted to be president was his first-born , Bassel . Analysts say Hafez al-Assad was closest to Bassel . Bashar , as a child , was shy and modest . The father had a distant relationship with him . First on CNN : Videos of chemical attack effects That changed in 1994 , when Bassel al-Assad , always known to be reckless as well as cruel , was killed while driving at a high speed toward the Damascus airport to see his girlfriend . Syria would not have the strongman Hafez envisioned . It would fall to Bashar , the reluctant heir who really wanted to be an ophthamologist . When Hafez al-Assad died of a heart attack in June 2000 , Bashar inherited a regime built on fierce loyalty -- to family and religious sect . Hafez had been born into a poor family from the Alawite mountains in northwestern Syria . The Alawites had often been looked down upon by the wealthier , majority Sunnis in Syria , and Hafez al-Assad was determined to break the mold . He shattered it . He joined the Ba'ath Party and then rose through the ranks of the Syrian air force . But it was hardly that straightforward . The man thrived in the backrooms of Syrian palace intrigue where , according to most accounts , betraying friends and killing or banishing enemies put you on the fast track to success . Elder al-Assad was careful with U.S. . In Syria , analysts say , there were more than 20 successful and unsuccessful coups between 1949 and 1970 , when Hafez al-Assad took power . He was involved in three of them himself . Once in power , Hafez al-Assad proved to be one of the most cunning , ruthless dictators in a region full of them . He crushed a 1982 rebellion by the Muslim Brotherhood in the city of Hama by laying siege to the city and killing more than 10,000 of his own people . At different times he waged war against , and negotiated peace with Israel . EU urges strong response ; Kerry seeks support for military action He made fast friends with Hezbollah , which the United States considers a terrorist group . But he also made sure the United States was never a full-fledged enemy . In the 1970s and '80s he did that by sending his forces to the aid of embattled Christians in Lebanon . And in 1990 and 1991 , when President George H.W. Bush was building a coalition against Saddam Hussein , Hafez al-Assad committed 2,000 troops to the coalition side . Bashar followed that lead . The administrations of both George W. Bush and Barack Obama have , at different periods , engaged in diplomacy with Bashar 's regime and pushed away from it . The Bush team reached out in 2003 when it needed an ally against Iraq . In the early years of the Obama administration , Sen. John Kerry -- the man now calling Bashar al-Assad a "  thug and a murderer " -- was the point man in the administration 's efforts to cultivate the Syrian dictator . There is a telling image from that period : a photograph taken in early 2009 of Kerry and his wife , Teresa , having an intimate dinner in Damascus with Bashar al-Assad and his glamorous , London-born wife , Asma . Several scenarios possible How did it all unravel ? Analysts say the civil war is partially the result of old resentments . Much of the majority Sunni population is embittered after decades under the rule of a despotic family from a small minority , the Alawites . But Bashar al-Assad also had trouble changing the old ways of his father . "  Hafez al-Assad stabilized Syria through a closed system . People could n't travel . They could n't communicate very well . International news was very limited " , says Andrew Tabler of the Washington Institute for Near East Policy . Chemical weapons : The desperate army 's escape from stalemate Tabler , who wrote an inside account of the al-Assad regime entitled "  In the Lion 's Den , " says , "  When Bashar came to power , he lifted the restrictions on travel , allowed people to read international newspapers , satellite television and the Internet . And it opened Syrians ' minds . But how do you control this system ? And how do you basically perpetuate authoritarian and tyrannical rule ? " Obama has called on Congress to back plans to punish al-Assad militarily for an alleged chemical weapons attack in his own country . Meanwhile , his regime is locked in a bloody fight with rebels . More than 100,000 Syrians have died , according to the United Nations . How does it end for the House of Assad ? There are several possibilities . Bashar al-Assad could fight to the end , lose and be killed . He could eventually flee the country and be given refuge in Iran , Russia or Venezuela . Or he could prevail . Tabler says if he does , Syria wo n't look the same . "  I think at the moment , what 's likely to happen is that the Assad family will rule over part of Syria for the foreseeable future , " says Tabler . "  But they 're never going to rule over all of geographic Syria again . "	Hafez al-Assad ruled Syrian for decades with iron fist He hoped his son , Bassel , would succeed him Bashar made some reforms , but he has continued authoritarian rule
CNN  -- As the story about the National Security Agency surveillance continued to unfold last week , some of President Obama 's supporters , as well as some of his Republican critics , were quick to jump to his defense . Chairman of the House of Representatives Intelligence Committee Mike Rogers warned that the allegations about the NSA were wrong . "  They are seeing three or four pieces of a thousand-piece puzzle and trying to come to a conclusion . " Speaking before a congressional committee , Director of National Intelligence James Clapper said the monitoring of calls by 35 world leaders was just about spying , something that every country did and so there was nothing to be worked up about . "  Some of this reminds me of the classic movie ` Casablanca ' : ` My God , there 's gambling going on here , ' " Clapper said . In a period of crippling partisan warfare that continually brings Washington to a standstill , the leadership of both parties seem to have easily reached bipartisan agreement that the existing national security programs should be left alone . But these arguments miss the importance of accountability in our national security operations . The notion that citizens should just trust the government to do the right thing on national security poses too many dangers . The United States has a long history of national security agencies , sometimes with presidential concurrence , misusing their authority and power to harass American citizens . This was the case in the 1960s , when Democrats and Republicans used government institutions to intimidate and harass social activists who were fighting for causes such as civil rights and to protest the war in Vietnam . With the approval of Attorney General Robert Kennedy , the FBI obsessively wiretapped the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. , with the goal of finding evidence of the role of communism in the civil rights movement . What it found instead was information about his personal life as well as the background of top advisers that could be used against the movement if its demands caused too many problems . FBI Director J. Edgar Hoover leaked information to the press and to King 's opponents . A congressional report later found that the program sought to "  discredit Dr. King and to ` neutralize ' him as the leader of the civil rights movement . " Presidents Lyndon Johnson and Richard Nixon agreed to have authorities bug and infiltrate anti-war activists . The administration spread damaging allegations and information to the media and to supporters of the war with the goal of rendering the activists illegitimate , and nurtured distrust and animosity within the movement so members would turn against each other . In 1975 and 1976 , Idaho Sen. Frank Church conducted shocking hearings into the operations of the CIA and published a detailed report that revealed the agency had been secretly engaged in activities such as the attempted assassination of foreign leaders and illegal intelligence gathering of American citizens . Congress imposed new regulations and created a court to monitor their activities . In the end the regulations proved to be weak and since 9/11 they have essentially been rendered useless . After the reforms undertaken in light of the abuses of the 1960s and 1970s , intelligence agencies continued their expansion , part of the permanent national security apparatus the United States had established . "  The vast secrecy system shows no signs of receding , " Sen. Patrick Moynihan wrote in the late 1990s . Then , after 9/11 , the power of the government to conduct surveillance greatly expanded beyond anything the senator from New York could have anticipated . The United States is not alone in facing these risks . One of the reasons Germans have been so sensitive to the recent revelations is their own history of how surveillance has been used aggressively , and violently , to target their own citizens . Even if the NSA officials play by the rules and regulate themselves , their ability to contain information that could be enormously damaging to the United States and to individual citizens is greatly diminishing in the current era . They no longer are in full control , whatever their intentions might be . The stories about WikiLeaks as well as the impact of Edward Snowden have shown that the control of classified information is becoming extraordinarily difficult . It is foolhardy to assume that government officials will be able to contain all the data they gather and we must expect that more leaks will occur . When those leaks occur it is also remarkably easy for the information to quickly reach the public via the Internet . Given that the risks of leaks will continue to remain great , the most effective measures that Congress can take will be to work on regulatory checks at the point of gathering to make sure that national intelligence agents do n't sweep up innocent civilians and important allied leaders in their sweeps . The worst outcome of the NSA revelations would be for Congress and the media to descend into a media-frenzy focusing primarily on the President 's statements about what he knew . What would be much more useful to the nation would be for the executive and legislative branches to conduct a thorough review of how the NSA conducts its business and to put into place measures that will prevent unneeded activities that cause more harm than good , and which unnecessarily infringe the civil liberties of innocent people . In June , when the revelations first broke , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid said , "  Everyone should just calm down and understand this is n't anything that is brand new . " Whether or not this is brand new , the time has come for Congress to take a serious look at what the NSA is doing and how to impose needed regulations on what the agency can do . Representative James Sensenbrenner  R-Wisconsin  and Senator Patrick Leahy  D-VT  have started the debate with a bill with sweeping reforms , including a special court to monitor intelligence gathering . Reid and Speaker Boehner have offered cautious support for a review of the program . In the long run , such steps would have the potential to strengthen trust and confidence in the NSA , and allow it to do the work that is needed to secure the nation and our allies against the threats the United States continually faces . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Some officials dismiss the impact of NSA revelations , saying every country spies Julian Zelizer : It 's dangerous to ignore the risk that spying will become too intrusive In the 1960s , 1970s , activists were illegally targeted by government agencies in the U.S. Zelizer : It 's crucial to set limits for government agencies such as NSA
CNN  Two people were killed and another wounded Saturday in a shooting at the food court of a central Florida mall , police said . A woman identified as Ida Garcia , 33 , wife of the alleged gunman , was in good condition at a local hospital , CNN affiliate WESH reported . Jose Garcia Rodriguez , 57 , died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound after fatally shooting another man at Melbourne Square mall , said Melbourne police Cmdr. Vincent Pryce , according to the station . That man was not identified . Witnesses described a chaotic scene as gunfire erupted around the food court Saturday morning . Many people were waiting for stores to open . "  We were right there , " Donna Evans told CNN affiliate Central Florida News 13 . "  We were right in the line of it . God is on my shoulder , whether people believe it or not . " Evans said she was carrying a food order when the shots rang out . "  It was a frightening experience , " she told the station . "  It 's something that you do n't ever want anybody to experience . It was crazy . We had just gotten our food to sit down by Starbucks and Chick-fil-A and all of sudden you hear pop , pop , pop , pop , pop , pop . " "  You just drop everything , " she added . "  Your body makes you run . " Elizabeth Tickle told WESH that she heard about six shots . "  I figured somebody was shooting somebody , she said . "  It 's going on all the time now . " People ran for their lives , mall employee Brittany Brown told the station . "  I look up and a whole bunch of people are running , and they 're saying , ` Run , run , run . People are shooting . People are dying , ' " she said . The motive for the shootings is under investigation , Pryce said . Rodriguez was allegedly armed with three handguns and handfuls of ammunition , Pryce said , WESH reported . The mall was expected to reopen Sunday , Pryce said . "  Officers quickly identified the threat and contained the situation , " police said in a statement . "  Officers conducted a store-to-store search of the Mall for additional suspects , injured , witnesses and conducted an evacuation . No additional threats were located . " The wounded victim was cooperating in the investigation , according to the statement . A caller to 911 reported the shooting at about 9:30 a.m. , police said .	Two people are dead in mall shooting , police say They identify suspected shooter The central Florida mall was closed after reports of a shooting , police say
CNN  -- Philippine seismologists issued an alert on Mount Bulusan Sunday after the Luzon Island volcano erupted twice during a 24-hour period , according to a bulletin released by the nation 's volcano-monitoring agency . However , the Philippine Institute of Volcanology and Seismology  PHILVOCS  said the eruptions posed little threat to the villages surrounding the Luzon Island volcano . Most of the villages lie outside the 4-kilometer  21/2 - mile  danger zone , the bulletin stated . Philippine volcanologists , according to the agency , are n't expecting Mount Bulusan to erupt again soon . The volcano is located about 249 kilometers  155 miles  southeast of Manila . The area immediately surrounding the Bulusan Volcano is mostly rural . There are several villages , but most are outside the danger zone , according to PHILVOCS . The most recent eruption , which took place before dawn local time on Sunday lasted about 20 minutes , according to the agency . In declaring an "  Alert Level 1 , " the agency warned nearby residents not to enter the 4-kilometer "  permanent danger zone " because of possible steam and ash explosions . Area residents were also warned of the possibility of flooding if heavy rains push sediment-filled streams out of their banks .	Philippine seismologists declare Alert Level 1 for Mount Bulusan volcano Volcano erupted twice in 24 hours Nearby villagers warned to stay out of "  permanent danger zone "
CNN  -- Defying threats of arrest or worse , witnesses to protests in Iran are managing to leak reports of violence after the country 's disputed presidential elections . Anti-riot police form a barrier against protesters in Iran Tuesday . "  Censoring is very bad here and they have reduced Internet speed , " two Iranians said to a friend outside the country . The pair wanted to broadcast images of damage and casualties after a reported attack on a dorm at the University of Tehran . "  We managed to upload a few pictures and movies ... please give it to news agencies and ask them to air it . " The witnesses said riot police and militia attacked the dormitory Sunday night after a student protest the day before . Up to 150 students were arrested , according to the account , and at least one was killed . Students were beaten and shot , and one of the buildings caught fire . Some university professors resigned after the incident , the witnesses said . CNN can not independently confirm this or other reports . The images showed a heavily damaged building , the charred remains of what appeared to be a dorm room , an injured or dead person , a burned motorcycle and a bloody floor . Many Iranians feel the June 12 election was "  a sham , " a Tehran man in his 20s told CNN in an interview . "  During -LSB- the -RSB- previous presidential election , we had a 50.9 percent turnout , " he said . "  This time , we got 82 percent , because people wanted change and -LSB- current President Mahmoud -RSB- Ahmadinejad out . We know that many of Ahmadinejad voters from -LSB- the -RSB- last election voted for -LSB- opposition leader Mir Hossein -RSB- Moussavi this time . "  This is one of the reasons we were certain that Moussavi would win , " he said . "  On Saturday morning , when they released the results that Ahmadinejad got 64 percent and Moussavi got 33 percent , we were absolutely shocked . If you looked at the returns coming in , Ahmadinejad 's returns never dipped -- but -LSB- conservative presidential candidate -RSB- Mohsen Rezaie 's dropped from 630,000 to 570,000 . How is that possible ? It 's just more proof that the elections were rigged ... people feel like their intelligence has been insulted and that they 've been lied to . " Watch a report on images coming out of Iran " Reports of violence came from outside Tehran as well . One video was posted by a person who said he had received it anonymously from a Twitter feed . It showed several people wounded by apparent gunshots , and people attempting to treat them , seemingly without medical supplies . The poster said the video was shot in Esfahan , a city about 200 miles  320 kilometers  south of Tehran . "  We need napkins , towels ! " one person yells in the video . "  Quick , give them to me ! " "  Sit down , sit down , " another person tells one of the injured . "  Please relax . You are very hurt . " Another image on CNN 's iReport site shows the body of a man who has suffered a huge gash to his side . The man was 25 , the description said , and was martyred because of his belief in freedom . In yet another video , posted without a description , a screaming crowd surrounds a man 's body . CNN is not identifying iReporters who post content from inside Iran . "  Iranian TV is n't giving the big picture , " the Tehran man said . "  They are depicting the protesters as anarchists . They even report that students are finishing finals at the university when the place has been shut down for days . " One iReporter noted that Moussavi supporters are still able to organize rallies through person-to-person contact . Many Internet sites are blocked , and cell phones lack service in some areas , the person said . iReport.com : Are you in Iran ? Share your story with CNN The Iranian government has blocked journalists who work for international news organizations . Witness accounts are that plainclothes police were on the streets , shooting rifles into crowds and chasing down those with cameras and cell phones attempting to communicate , fostering "  mass fear . " One person said the injured were staying out of hospitals , as doctors are handing patients over to police . In Shiraz in southwestern Iran , 28-year-old Najmeh , a hospital nurse , said she had joined protests since Saturday , but decided on Wednesday the risk was too great . "  The police are everywhere you look , " she said . "  They hurt and arrested so many people last night that no one wants to go out . " Some Moussavi supporters , however , remained firm -- even as they accused those outside Iran of turning a blind eye to their plight . "  We are fighting with our lives and the world is just watching , " said Ali , a Tehran University student who asked that his full name not be used . "  They see how the government is trying to silence us , how they are beating us -- but they do n't come to our help . It 's OK . We will succeed , even if we have to fight alone . "	Report alleges arrests , beatings , shooting , fire in attack at University of Tehran Twitter feed shows people apparently shot in city about 200 miles south of Tehran Nurse says police in Shiraz in southwestern Iran have put a damper on protests
Lagos , Nigeria  CNN  -- Rescuers are having difficulty identifying victims of a Nigerian plane crash that left some bodies dismembered or burned beyond recognition , an official said Wednesday . Dana Air 's Flight 992 slammed into a two-story apartment building Sunday in a crowded Lagos neighborhood . The plane was carrying 153 passengers and crew . The grisly recovery has accounted for 149 bodies , but only 52 are identifiable , said Ade Ipaye , the Lagos state attorney general . Another 97 bodies and several body parts are not identifiable , he said . American authorities are helping in the identification process . Authorities said before that the crash also killed at least 10 people on the ground . They have not said why the Boeing MD-83 , piloted by an American captain , went down Sunday . Authorities have recovered the flight data recorder and the cockpit voice recorder , which are expected to help determine a cause . "  Will not comment on the accident investigation , " Ipaye said Wednesday . The National Transportation Safety Board in the United States said Wednesday that it was dispatching accident investigator Dennis Jones to assist in the investigation . The United Nine Americans were among those killed , according to State Department spokesman Mark Toner . The department earlier said seven citizens , including Capt. Peter Waxtan , were aboard the flight , although a list has not been released . Waxtan declared an emergency as the plane was on final approach to Murtala Muhammed International Airport in Lagos . Witnesses reported that the plane appeared to experience engine trouble , said Oscar Wason , Dana Air 's director of operations . The plane appeared to be approaching the vicinity of the airport in Lagos high , its nose tilted upward , witnesses said . It crashed 11 miles north of the runway , hitting the ground tail first . The flight from the Nigerian capital of Abuja crashed at 3:43 p.m. in the neighborhood of Iju Ishaga , according to the Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority . "  The plane pushed the wall of our building in , and it hit everything , " said Kingsley Okeke , who was inside at the time . "  There was fire everywhere . " Nigerian aviation authorities have suspended Dana Air 's operating license . "  As soon as we have concluded the recertification of the airline , if they are capable , then their license will be reinstated , " said Sam Adurogboye , spokesman for the Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority . Waxtan joined Dana Air on March 26 . Previously , he was a captain for Spirit Airlines , based in South Florida , from 1997 to 2009 , the airline said . He also flew for Falcon Air Express , a charter airline in Miami , CNN affiliate WPEC reported . Privately owned Dana Air began operations in 2008 and is based in Lagos .	United States is sending an investigator to Nigeria Rescuers have accounted for 149 bodies , but many are not identifiable The plane was carrying 153 passengers and crew It crashed Sunday in a crowded Lagos neighborhood
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Mary J. Blige has sung her way to nine Grammy Awards and sold 40 million albums worldwide . "  I know I 'm definitely gon na pursue this as a profession , acting , " Mary J. Blige said . With music credentials like that , the "  Queen of Hip-Hop Soul " needed a new challenge . So Blige decided to stretch her range to the big screen . The singer stars in the new Tyler Perry film "  I Can Do Bad All By Myself " alongside Oscar nominee Taraji P. Henson , Perry and Gladys Knight . Being in the film allows Blige to test her acting chops and sing as well . Her character , Tanya , is a club owner who takes the mic at least twice in the film . And whether she 's in character or not , Blige 's ability to communicate a song can take your breath away . CNN spoke with Blige about Tyler Perry , her acting angst and music . The following is an edited version of that interview : CNN : What does the title of the film "  I Can Do Bad All By Myself " mean ? Mary J. Blige : Well , the title "  I Can Do Bad All By Myself " is basically saying "  I do n't need anyone to help me do worse or feel worse than what I already feel . " So if you 're coming with negative energy , please keep it moving , you know ? If you 're coming with negative deposits , you 've got ta go . That 's basically what it 's saying . CNN : Were you nervous about acting in this film ? Blige : I was definitely nervous , because acting is not my first profession , so I had to go and get an acting coach and really figure this thing out . It helped a lot . It relaxed me to have a little more information about it . And I find that actors are highly underrated ; they do n't get all the credit they deserve , because this is a hard job . That 's a hard job . CNN : Were you bitten by the acting bug ? Blige : Well , I 'm gon na be open to scripts , and I 'm ready to receive more scripts from anywhere . I know I 'm definitely gon na pursue this as a profession , acting . I was definitely bitten by the acting bug . CNN : Did you feel any pressure to write songs for this film , as opposed to writing for one of your albums ? Blige : There 's not any pressure in writing songs . Writing a song for the movie versus writing songs for my album because ... you get it all from inspiration from somewhere , you know ? I got all the lyrics from the actual movie , and I got all the lyrics for my songs from my life so , and other people 's lives . CNN : Do you want to hear poetry in your lyrics ? Blige : I would love to hear poetry in my lyrics . CNN : Tell me about Tyler Perry . Blige : Wow , working with Tyler Perry was -- it 's always a treat . He 's the most kind , generous , you know , supportive professional man . He 's a really good person to have in such a tough business . It 's like a pillow for your head . ... You just get to lay on it after laying on rocks for so long . CNN : What is the link between spirituality and music in the film and in life ? Blige : Well , I think the link with the spirituality and the music is that we all have a place where we need to go to heal , and most of the time people go to music to heal . Whether it be gospel or secular , but it all comes from some song that pulled you through your life or helped you through college or something like that . CNN : Do you think this film is about redemption ? Do you think people can really change ? Blige : I definitely feel this film is a lot about redemption . You saving yourself first of all , and believing you can be saved and wanting the help . I think it takes time for people to heal from whatever wounds they 're healing from . But in order to get free , what I learned is that you have to release it , because you 'll stay stuck for the rest of your life . What if this person is enjoying their lives and you hate them ? So it 's just best to release . Easier said than done , please believe it . CNN : What do you think about the music industry these days ? Blige : Well , I mean , the music industry has moved with the times . You know , I mean we are in the age where technology has taken over and music is technology now , so it 's not hands-on . It 's a little sad that there is n't any more record stores .	Singer Mary J. Blige stars in new Tyler Perry film "  I Can Do Bad All By Myself " Film allows Blige to test acting chops and sing as well as owner of club "  I was definitely nervous , because acting is not my first profession , " Blige says Blige : Movie is about redemption , saving yourself and healing from wounds
CNN Student News  -- May 8 , 2014 From the U.S. to South Africa , and from Brunei to Beverly Hills , today 's edition of CNN Student News takes you around the world in 10 minutes . We detail some of the tools at the Federal Reserve 's disposal as it makes decisions concerning monetary policy . And we give you a spacecraft 's view of an explosion on our nearest star . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : What messages does news coverage of a high-profile drug bust send to the audience ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . synthetic drugs 2 . the Fed 3 . boycott Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . What are synthetic drugs ? How are they different from other drugs ? According to the video , why are they sometimes more dangerous ? What announcement did the U.S. federal government make yesterday regarding synthetic drugs ? What is one reason why the government is so concerned about these drugs ? 2 . What is the Federal Reserve ? Where is it based ? Who is in charge of the Fed ? According to the video , what are two things that the Fed cares about ? How does the Fed regulate the economy ? 3 . How long has it been since apartheid ended in South Africa ? Who was Nelson Mandela ? What is his political party ? Who is the current president of South Africa ? According to the video , why are some voters disenchanted with him and his party ? What is the expected outcome at the polls ? Why ? 4 . What kind of law was recently instituted in the country of Brunei ? What is this country 's connection to a landmark hotel in Beverly Hills , California ? Why are some celebrities and others boycotting the hotel ? What effect is the boycott having on hotel workers ? Discussion Questions : 1 . What are some strategies you might suggest for informing young people about the dangers of synthetic drugs ? Who might you enlist to help with this effort ? What kinds of anti-drug messages do you think are most effective ? Why ? 2 . What actions by the Fed might have an impact on an everyday consumer 's life ? How ? 3 . How does a boycott work ? Why might some people boycott a particular business ? What side effects might this have ? Are you aware of any boycotts in the news in the past ? Explain . Were these actions effective or ineffective ? Why ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
Dr. Ben Carson , a renowned neurosurgeon who rose to GOP fame last year , has long hinted that he 's interested in a 2016 presidential run , and Monday he said the likelihood of him jumping in the race is "  strong . " "  I think the chances are reasonably good of that happening , " he said on the conservative Hugh Hewitt radio show . "  I 'm waiting , you know , obviously , for a few more months . I want to make sure that it 's clearly something my fellow Americans want me to do . " The conservative activist announced last month he was forming a political action committee , One Nation PAC . He reiterated Monday , as he has said previously , that he 'll wait to see the midterm results in November before he makes a final decision . "  Unless the American people indicate in November that they like big government intervention in every part of their lives , I think the likelihood is strong , " he said , when asked again whether he 'll run for the Republican presidential nomination . He said he would make his decision before May , a later time frame than other potential candidates have signaled . ` Crossfire ' : Is Ben Carson qualified to be president ? Pressed on whether Carson , who has little political experience , could break past what could possibly be a crowded GOP field of candidates , Carson said , "  I 've been talking all of my life . " "  And I will continue to talk . You know , I will never be a politician . I will tell you that right of the bat , " he said . Carson became popular in conservative circles in 2013 when he criticized Democratic policies on taxes and health care while giving the keynote address in front of President Barack Obama at the National Prayer Breakfast . He has a strong grassroots following . In the past year , Carson has made headlines for making inflammatory comments , such as comparing Obamacare to slavery and the United States to Nazi Germany . He also withdrew from two speaking gigs after facing protests over his comments about same-sex marriage .	Dr. Ben Carson says there 's a "  strong " chance he 'll run for president in 2016 Carson is a renowned neurosurgeon who rose to GOP fame last year He says he 'll make his decision by May
CNN  -- A major earthquake struck off Japan 's northeastern coast Sunday , prompting tsunami advisories that were later canceled , the Japan Meteorological Agency  JMA  said . Small tsunamis were observed along the coast , measuring between 10 and 20 centimeters , said the JMA . There were no immediate reports of injuries or damage , according to the Japanese news agency Kyodo . The U.S. Geological Survey said the earthquake struck at 10:57 a.m. at the epicenter , about 130 miles east of Sendai . The earthquake was more than 20 miles deep and had a magnitude of 7.0 , the USGS said . The JMA measured the magnitude of the quake at 7.1 . Tsunami advisories were issued -- and then canceled -- for the coastal regions of Iwate , Miyagi and Fukushima . The areas were among the hardest hit by this year 's devastating earthquake and tsunami . Officials in Ofunato , a city in Iwate , advised residents to evacuate . The JMA , immediately after the quake , forecast the height of the tsunami could reach half a meter  about 20 inches  . No immediate abnormalities were reported at nearby nuclear facilities , according to Kyodo . Three reactors at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant suffered meltdowns after the March 11 earthquake and tsunami that devastated northern Japan . The tsunami swamped the plant and knocked out cooling systems that kept the three operating reactors from overheating , leading to the worst nuclear accident since Chernobyl . Tremors from Sunday 's quake were felt as far away as Tokyo . "  It 's just a continuing of the aftershocks of that devastating 9.0 , " said Dale Grant , a geophysicist with the USGS , referring to the March quake . "  These kinds of aftershocks are likely to occur for some time . " CNN 's Yoko Wakatsuki contributed to this report .	NEW : The JMA cancels all tsunami advisories Kyodo says no immediate abnormalities were reported at nearby nuclear plants The earthquake struck Sunday morning Tremors are felt as far away as Tokyo
International broadcaster Al Jazeera says it has closed its English-language bureau in Beijing after Chinese authorities refused to renew the press credentials of correspondent Melissa Chan . The broadcaster expressed disappointment with China 's decision , which it said came after repeated attempts to apply for a visa through the normal procedures . It said it had no choice but to close the bureau because China had also denied its requests for a correspondent to replace Chan . "  We are committed to our coverage of China , " Salah Negm , director of news at Al Jazeera English , said in an article on the broadcaster 's website . "  Al Jazeera Media Network will continue to work with the Chinese authorities in order to reopen our Beijing bureau . " Al Jazeera 's Arabic-language bureau in Beijing will continue to operate normally , said Ezzat Sabe Shahour , the bureau chief . At a Ministry of Foreign Affairs news conference Tuesday , spokesman Hong Lei said China welcomes objective reporting from foreign journalists , describing the reporting environment as "  very open and free . " "  At the same time , " he said , "  foreign journalists should abide by Chinese laws and regulations while reporting in China and follow the professional ethics . " He added : "  We have been dealing with relevant media and foreign journalists in accordance with relevant laws and regulations as well as the actual performance of the journalist . " Chan , a U.S. citizen , is thought to be the first accredited foreign correspondent to lose the right to report in China since the expulsion of Yukihisa Nakatsu , a reporter for Japan 's Yomiuri Shimbun newspaper , in October 1998 . Chinese authorities have yet to comment on the reasons for Chan 's visa denial . The Foreign Correspondents ' Club of China  FCCC  suggested the ban was related to the airing of an Al Jazeera documentary in November on forced labor camps in China . In a statement on its website Tuesday , the FCCC -- of which Chan is a board member -- referred to Chinese "  anger " over the report , which it said Chan "  did n't even play a part in making . " The report was part of a documentary series called "  Slavery : A 21st Century Evil , " which accused China of "  state-sponsored " slavery by forcing prison inmates to work . The Chinese authorities "  have also expressed unhappiness with the general editorial content on Al Jazeera English and accused Ms. Chan of violating rules and regulations that they have not specified , " the FCCC said . The U.S. State Department said Tuesday that it has been closely following Chan 's case . "  We 're disappointed in the Chinese government and how the Chinese government decided not to renew her accreditation , " State Department spokesman Mark Toner told reporters . "  To our knowledge , she operated and reported in accordance with Chinese law , including regulations that permit foreign journalists to operate freely in China . " During her five years at Al Jazeera 's Beijing bureau , Chan has filed nearly 400 reports on a variety of subjects including the economy , domestic politics , foreign policy , the environment , social justice , labor rights and human rights , the broadcaster said . In one report in 2010 , Chan was blocked by authorities as she tried to visit the wife of jailed Chinese Nobel Peace Laureate Liu Xiaobo . The following year , she profiled artist Zhang Bingjian , who was painting thousands of portraits of corrupt Chinese officials . And as recently as March this year , Chan accompanied an angry family as they tried to find relatives they claimed had been "  disappeared " and detained at China 's so-called "  black jails . " The FCCC said it was "  appalled " by the decision to block Chan 's visa application , which it called "  the most extreme example of a recent pattern of using journalist visas in an attempt to censor and intimidate foreign correspondents in China . " There is no suggestion the decision to deny Chan a visa is related to recent reporting on the scandal engulfing former Chongqing party chief Bo Xilai or the attempts by the blind activist Chen Guangcheng to leave the country . Video : China blocks Anderson Cooper report on Chen Chan confirmed on Twitter that she no longer has reporting rights in China , saying , "  Yes my press credentials have been revoked and I will no longer report f / China . " Chan declined to comment further when phoned by CNN . Al Jazeera 's China bureau is one of 60 operating worldwide as part of its English-language network , which opened in 2006 , according to the broadcaster 's website . The U.S.-based Committee to Protect Journalists  CPJ  urged China to "  immediately grant " a visa to Al Jazeera English correspondents , adding that the refusal to approve Chan 's application "  marks a real deterioration in China 's media environment . " "  Surveillance and harassment are the norm for reporters on the China beat , and authorities will often delay visa approval or threaten to revoke it as part of an overall strategy of intimidation . But effectively shuttering an international news outlet is a disturbing development , " Bob Dietz , CPJ Asia program coordinator , says in a statement on the organization 's website . According to the Information Department of China 's Foreign Ministry , 649 accredited journalists were working in China as of February 2012 . Most were based in Beijing , filing reports for 423 news organization from 58 countries . Citing its own survey and additional research , the FCCC said that in the past two years , 27 foreign reporters were made to wait for more than four months for visa approvals , with 13 of those of waiting six months or more . It claimed that 28 permanent postings or reporting trips had been canceled since 2009 because the Chinese authorities had rejected or ignored applications for the relevant visas . A recent report from the International Federation of Journalists detailed what the nonprofit called a "  clampdown on media in China in 2011 , " describing harassment of reporters and a growing push toward Internet censorship . "  The online media is still the main target for government crackdowns , with a new body established to oversight the online media environment , " the report said . "  For foreign journalists , delaying of visa applications became a tool used by the authorities to threaten and restrain journalists . "	The U.S. State Department says it is "  disappointed " by China 's decision Al Jazeera 's Beijing correspondent has been denied a visa by China China has expressed "  anger " over an Al Jazeera report , a journalist group says A Chinese spokesman says foreign journalists must abide by Chinese laws and regulations
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The number of stray and abandoned dogs in the United Kingdom jumped by 11 percent in the past year -- the biggest surge in a decade -- possibly because of the financial crisis , a British dog charity said Wednesday . A dog looks through the door of its kennel at Battersea Dogs and Cats Home in London . Dogs Trust said local authorities picked up 107,228 stray and abandoned dogs from British streets in the past year . It called on the government to make microchipping compulsory for all dogs to help reunite owners with pets , whether lost or abandoned . "  The latest stray dog survey is very disappointing , " said Clarissa Baldwin , chief executive of Dogs Trust . "  Even more tragically is the number of dogs that are being put down , which has gone up from 7,000 to just below 10,000 , a very worrying trend . " Has recession hit your pet ? Send us your thoughts The 11 percent rise is the highest yearly increase since recordkeeping began in 1997 , Dogs Trust said . The rise may be due to the financial crisis , Dogs Trust said . Some households tighten their belts by giving up the dog . Another possible reason for the jump : England and Wales last year changed the law to make local councils , not police , responsible for taking in stray dogs , Dogs Trust said . Cash-strapped councils might lack resources to pick up or temporarily shelter dogs . "  You 've got a lot of latchkey dogs that are just left to wander the streets , " said Natalie Dexter , who works at the education center at Dogs Trust . "  Their homes are n't secure , gardens are n't secure , and so they 're just left to wander around . " Local authorities handle an average of 12 dogs each hour , Dogs Trust said . Only five are reunited with their owners -- a number that could increase if more dogs were microchipped , Dogs Trust said . A microchip is an electronic device , coated in plastic , that is the size of a grain of rice . It is implanted just under a dog 's skin , beneath its shoulder blades , which causes no harm to the animal and can not be felt , veterinarians and campaigners say . The microchip carries the owner 's information , which can be updated . The information can be read by a scanner that works through a radio frequency .	Number of stray and abandoned dogs in UK jumps by 11 percent in past year Charity urges government to make microchipping compulsory for all dogs Some households tighten their belts by giving up the dog , charity says
CNN  -- Thailand 's people are justifiably proud of their country , which , sandwiched as it is between historically powerful neighbors , has managed skillfully to play off its rivals and retain its independence . Known as the "  land of smiles " to tourists but the "  land of freedom " to those born in the country once known as Siam , its astute line of Chakri dynasty monarchs in the 18th and 19th century managed to juggle competing French and British colonial interests in the region . Thailand , as a result , is the only country in Southeast Asia that was never colonized by a European power . In the 20th century , Thailand 's independence has brought with it challenges that are still being resolved despite its rise to the forefront of the region 's emerging economies . According to the World Bank , it is now second-largest economy in Southeast Asia after Indonesia . The 86-year-old King Bhumibol Adulyadej has been the head of state of Thailand for more than six decades . During the country 's often-turbulent political history , he has acted as a force for continuity and tradition even when the country has lurched between political crises and military coups . From 1946 , when he acceded to the throne , to the present , Bhumibol has reigned through more than 20 prime ministers , 17 military coups and 17 constitutions and steered the country through the destabilizing effects of the nearby Vietnam War during the 1960s and '70s . Over the years , the king has intervened periodically in political crises , using his influence to try to defuse situations that threatened to destabilize the country . For much of the first few decades of Bhumibol 's reign , the running of the country was dominated by the Thai military and a bureaucratic elite , according to the U.S. State Department . Governments replaced one another through "  a long series of mostly bloodless coups , " it said . The painful and slow transition towards a more democratic government began in the 1970s . That process is still continuing today . Coups and continuation From 1992 until this year Thailand is generally considered to have functioned as a democracy , according to the U.S. State Department . However , the current government is one run by the military and two military takeovers have occurred in the country since 2006 . The first , a coup in September 2006 , ousted Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra and installed an unelected government for more than a year . Since then , pro-Thaksin forces -- whose "  red shirt " supporters are largely drawn from the rural north of the country but also enjoy support from urban intellectuals -- have periodically engaged in large-scale protests . "  Yellow shirt " opposition supporters have also taken to the streets in high numbers . There have been clashes , the most violent with security forces  $ " the worst of which was a crackdown by security forces on red shirts in 2010 that left dozens dead . A series of anti-government protests and sporadic violent clashes on the streets of the capital Bangkok began in November 2013 . In May this year , after months of civil unrest , Yingluck Shinawatra -- Thaksin 's sister -- was removed as prime minister after a Constitutional Court ruled that she had illegally transferred a government official . Later that month the Thai army enacted a coup and declared martial law . The general who led the coup , General Prayuth Chan-ocha is the current prime minister of an interim government . He was the sole candidate for the post and was selected by the country 's National Legislative Assembly . Members of the assembly were chosen by Prayuth ; more than half are also in the military . Economic growth At the core of Thailand 's current political fault line is the country 's changing economic dynamic . Of the many changes that Thailand has undergone since Bhumibol came to the throne , the growth in the nation 's economy is considered to be the most spectacular . Largely agrarian when he came to power , Thailand has since become an industrial and services sector giant in the region . It remains one of the world 's top rice producers , is one of the world 's most popular tourist destinations and is a regional manufacturing hub for the auto industry and for hi-tech electronics . However , with the largely rural and once-impoverished northeast of the country now at the center of a boom , its growing middle class in the rural region have been calling for greater political representation . Economic growth in the northeast Isaan region hit 40 % between 2007 and 2011 , compared with 23 % for the rest of Thailand over that period and just 17 % for greater Bangkok , according to government figures . Isaan , which once exported people to Bangkok and the rest of the world as cheap migrant labor , is seeing its workers return . While the World Bank predicts that Thailand is on track to meet most of its Millennium Development Goals -- including eradicating extreme poverty and hunger , and improving maternal health -- income inequality and a lack of equal opportunities persist , especially between Bangkok and the rest of the country . With an official unemployment figure of less than 1 % of the population , Thailand could be seen as a model for other Southeast Asian countries . Yet the plight of the country 's estimated two to three million migrant workers -- most of whom are from neighboring Myanmar and fill many low-paid , manual labor jobs -- has gained international attention . Most migrate willingly , but in June this year the U.S. downgraded Thailand to tier 3 , the lowest level , in its annual Trafficking in Persons report . The downgrade means that Thailand has not met minimum standards in combating illegal migration and human trafficking and not made significant efforts to do so . In a letter to CNN , the Thai government said , "  Thailand has been actively combating human trafficking and the issue remains a top priority for the current administration . " Acknowledging the downgrade , they added , "  Thailand will continue to do our utmost to combat human trafficking and illegal migration . " Another ongoing challenge for the country is the Muslim separatist movement in the south of the country . Over 90 % of Thailand 's population is classified as Buddhist , yet in the southern regions of Pattani , Yala , Narathiwat and Songkhla there is a Muslim majority -- Thailand government statistics put Thai Buddhists at just 6 % of the region 's population . Muslims there have complained this Buddhist minority dominates the region , and many Muslim hardliners view the education system as a tool of Thai colonialism . As such separatist groups have operated in the region for over 10 years , according to NGO Deep South Watch , that monitors the conflict . These politically motivated groups often target security officials and Thai government operations . According to the U.S. State Department , in March 2014 , at least 50 violent incidents killed more than 30 people in these provinces ; Deep South Watch put the cumulative deaths from related conflicts at around 5,500 . The Thai government has stated in a letter to CNN that "  the problems in the Southern Border Provinces of Thailand have no direct linkage to religions ... -LSB- and -RSB- no direct linkage to any separatist movements . "	Known as "  land of smiles " to visitors , "  land of freedom " to many Thais The only country in the region not to have been colonized by European powers Second largest economy in Southeast Asia King Bhumibol Adulyadej has reigned since 1946
CNN  -- Kim Yuna is one of South Korea 's biggest stars and the ice skater who won the country 's first figure skating gold medal at a Winter Olympic Games last year in Vancouver . Known as "  Queen Yuna " to her legions of fans , the 20-year old is far from the haughty ice maiden that moniker might suggest . She fronts sellout ice dancing shows and has a plethora of advertising deals that cash in on her wholesome image . She is also the host of TV show "  Kiss and Cry " -- a South Korean version of "  Dancing with the Stars " on ice -- that she hopes will popularize the sport in South Korea . "  When I see those participants enjoying themselves , it is a great joy to me , " she said . "  Although some of them get hurt once in a while , they enjoy it a lot and I hope the show makes the viewers want to give it a try . " Named by TIME magazine as one of the 100 most influential people of 2010 , she has trained as an ice skater since she was 5 , moving to Toronto at the age of 16 in order to pursue her Olympic ambitions . Her work paid off at the Vancouver Olympics last year , where she scored a record 228.56 points to win gold in women 's figure skating . The highest score since the International Skating Union  ISU  judging system began , she beat her own world record and eclipsed her closest rival , Mao Asada of Japan , by a massive 23.06 points . Now having won every "  grand slam " title figure skating has to offer , including the World Grand Prix Final , Four Continents Championships and World Championships , she is one of the highest paid athletes in the world , according to Forbes magazine . As well as continuing to skate competitively she 's an ambassador for South Korea 's bid to host the 2018 Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang . It 's a responsibility that makes her more nervous than performing at the Olympics . "  I thought my heart would pop out during the presentation  in Lausanne , Switzerland  . The nervousness was nothing compared to the performances , " she said . "  Until then , I had only taken care of my own business . But with this being the wish of many Koreans , the thought of having that expectation of the whole country on my shoulders , even along with other people , worried and unnerved me . " CNN spoke to Kim Yuna at the Blush bar of Grand InterContinental Seoul Parnas	Ice skater Kim Yuna is a national hero in native South Korea Won the country 's first Winter Olympics gold medal in 2010 Has own reality TV show , ` Kiss and Cry ' and is ambassador for Korean Olympic bid
CNN  -- Like a put-upon hotelier trying to fix a decrepit property while simultaneously dealing with demanding guests , the decline of print and rise in peer-reviewed websites like TripAdvisor have given travel guide publishers a big headache . "  It 's easier for smaller publishers  to cope with changing times  , " says Stephen Mesquita , travel publishing analyst . "  They 're much fleeter of foot ; it 's not like they 're an ocean liner that has to be turned around . " According to Mesquita 's Nielsen BookScan Travel Publishing Yearbook , sales of printed world travel guides have declined by over 40 % in the last seven years . But building a successful brand in the travel guide business can still be achieved , although it can mean more than just providing a hit-list of must-sees . From a company that was based on "  dirty weekends " in England , Mr & Mrs Smith hotel guides have been doing their best to make a clean break from what went before . Set up by British couple James Lohan and Tamara Heber-Percy ten years ago , the luxury guidebook has carved a niche in a crowded marketplace by appealing to a particular demographic . "  It all started after a crappy weekend in a hotel in the Lake District  in England  when I was trying to impress Tamara , " says Lohan . "  We realized there were n't really any guide books that were talking to a 30-something audience . " As hotels upped their game to appeal to a more stylish clientele who could afford weekends away from the weekly grind , Lohan and Heber-Percy saw an opportunity . Remortgaging their house to produce and publish the first guide to these hip new hotels was the first challenge , but finding a receptive publisher and distributor was almost harder . "  The first book was nearly impossible , publishers did n't understand our idea and said another luxury guidebook was n't needed , " says Lohan . "  We thought naively that we could ring up Waterstones  bookshop  and turn up with the car boot open with boxes of books , saying , ` How many do you want ? ' "  But as soon as we got it out there , it was phenomenal . We 've never really had to try too hard to get hotels on board since . " What they have had to do however is adapt to a rapidly changing travel environment , from the way people plan and book their holidays to what they want from a guide book . "  Many guides have reinvented their business models , becoming online booking services or increasingly doing business-to-business operations and looking to online advertising , " says Mesquita . "  The brand these days is all important . " Now with a 24-hour travel booking service , Mr & Mrs Smith has morphed into something neither Lohan or Heber-Percy -- who have visited over 1,000 hotels over the last ten years -- could have envisioned when they began . "  We 're now starting to learn a new part of the travel business . The thing it get most nervous about is note expanding into other areas , but that the integrity of the business is intact . " Personality and standing out from the crowd also helped the diminutive Luxe City Guides punch above their weight and gain a foothold in the international travel guide business . Founder Grant Thatcher champions his guides ' snippy and snarky style and credits it with the guide 's success . "  We 're aiming at a very targeted , solvent but time poor readership , scorning the word comprehensive and going right for opinionated jugular , " he says . Rather than the internet dilute the appeal of the guide or its money-making potential , Thatcher believes it has helped niche publications like his own . "  Inevitably , the online and digital markets have and are revolutionizing all aspects of how we travel , research and respond to travel trends . The travel guide market has become much more specialized , rather than trying to appeal to the widest audience , " he says . Thatcher says that nearly 1.5 million Luxe City Guides have been sold since launch , while Lohan and Heber-Percy have no intention of doing away with their print editions , looking to China and Asia as the next places for their global expansion . Mesquita has also seen something of a rebound in the printed travel guide market , primarily he says as some players have simply stepped out of the game leaving a larger share for those who have weather the storm . "  Do n't write print off just yet . Last year many players have disappeared from the market altogether and for some of those that have stayed they 've even seen some gains in sales , " he says .	Emergence of peer-review travel websites have had a negative knock-on effect on travel guides Sales of global travel guides have declined by over 40 % in the last seven years Still a strong market for niche travel guides like Mr & Mrs Smith
Decatur , Indiana  CNN  -- It 's a grim topic : What would you want if you were on life support after a life-altering accident ? Would you want to live in a wheelchair , or would you want to die ? An Indiana deer hunter and father-to-be who was left paralyzed after falling from a tree chose the latter , state authorities said Wednesday . Timothy E. Bowers , 32 , of Decatur was hunting Saturday afternoon when he fell about 16 feet to the ground from a tree stand , the Indiana Department of Natural Resources said . Bowers suffered a spine injury and paralysis , authorities said . On Sunday , he chose "  to remove himself from life support systems , " the department said in a statement . He died that evening . Bowers was a newlywed ; he married Abbey Logan on August 3 . The Haggard-Sefton & Hirschy Funeral Home of Decatur said memorials could go to the couple 's Baby Bowers Education Fund . His widow is expecting a baby , family friend Bill Whitright told CNN . "  The last thing he wanted was to be in a wheelchair , " the Indianapolis Star quoted Abbey Bowers as saying Wednesday . " ... He would never be able to give hugs , to hold his baby . We made sure he knew that , so he could make a decision . Even if he decided the other thing , the quality of life would 've been very poor . His life expectancy would be very low . " "  He had such a strong faith that it did n't surprise me  that he made the decision  , " Whitright said . "  He was ready to go to heaven , he was ready for God . " "  Tim was like a brother to everyone . He was just a great man . I learned a lot from a 32-year-old kid , " Whitright said . Medical ethicist Arthur L. Caplan of New York University said Bowers ' death is a reminder that young people need to deal with difficult end-of-life decisions just like older adults . "  I know it 's hard , " he said . "  Talk to your friends ; talk to your family . Say , ` This is what I would want . ' " It 's best to have the conversations now , he said . Some people who are asked in the hospital if they want life support removed might change their minds after a few days . In this case , Caplan said , Bowers ' hospital decision matched his prior discussions about living in a wheelchair . All-terrain wheelchair helps disabled get back on track Tributes have flooded the funeral home 's website . "  To the entire family so sorry for your loss , " wrote Dean Dubach . "  Tim was a good person . I just talked to him in the grain line . He said he was so happy with life , beautiful wife , baby on the way , business was good , crops were good . God bless the family . " Bowers owned and ran 5 Points Transmission shop in Decatur , the funeral home said . "  He would do anything for you . He had his transmission business , and if you had a wreck and could n't afford to pay him , he would fix it anyway , " Whitright said . Bowers ' decision to end his life prompted many comments on social media . "  Tim was a great guy " who always took time to help customers in need , Aaron Cowans wrote on Facebook . "  I 'm guilty of not wearing my safety belt , " he wrote , adding that he hopes everyone will get something good out of the loss . State conservation officers urge hunters to always wear a safety harness when climbing up or down tree stands and to use a haul line to move equipment up and down . The state offers a checklist for deer hunters , which includes practicing tree stand climbing and using a safety harness . This year , Indiana has seen seven tree-stand falls , with Bowers ' fall being the only one classified as a fatality , said conservation officer Lt. William Browne . In 2012 , the state recorded 28 such falls , including one fatality . In 2011 , 22 falls occurred , Browne said . Paralyzed UK man dies after losing assisted-suicide case CNN 's Katherine Wojtecki and Josh Levs contributed to this report .	Timothy Bowers ' widow explains his decision Bowers , 32 , suffered a spine injury after falling 16 feet from a tree stand Bowers chose "  to remove himself from life support systems , " authorities say His new wife is expecting a baby , an acquaintance says on a funeral home website
CNN Student News  -- September 15 , 2014 There 's a lot of science in today 's show , from volcanic activity in Europe to flares from the sun to the technology being used to track our online activity . We also report on the U.S. government 's strategy in dealing with a barbaric terrorist group , and we cover how wildlife experts gave a group of seals a second chance . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
Editor 's note : Rich Roll , one of Men 's Fitness magazine 's "  25 Fittest Guys in the World " in 2009 , was the first athlete to compete in the Ultraman World Championships on an entirely plant-based diet . He 's sharing insights today as part of Dr. Sanjay Gupta 's "  Four Months to Fitness " effort . Before : At 40 years old , Rich Roll called himself "  fat , unhappy and fed up . " CNN  -- I can still remember it , vivid as yesterday . It was the eve of my 40th birthday , and I walked upstairs to take a shower . And I was winded . I mean very winded . As I was trying to catch my breath , I took off my shirt , looked in the mirror and tried to convince myself that I was still that fit guy I had always thought I was . Somehow , I had been able to skate by on this delusion for all too many years . But the denial had finally caught up to me . I saw my true reflection , and I could n't lie to myself anymore . I was in the worst shape of my life . I was fat , unhappy and fed up . It 's the typical story . First it 's the career . Then comes marriage , followed by kids . Your time is no longer your own , and you resign yourself to "  maturity , " "  filling out " or whatever euphemism for middle age that soothes that idea that you are simply overweight , unfit and unhealthy . I 'm here to say that it does n't have to be that way . I do n't care how busy you are . I do n't care how old you are , how many kids you have or how little time you think you have . The power rests within yourself to enact any change in your life you desire . And I can say this because I have seen it happen in myself and countless others . After that fateful day of clarity , I made a decision to change my life . Not a vague , wishy-washy notion that I should "  get in shape , " maybe "  eat better " or possibly "  go on a diet , " but rather a specific long-term plan to enhance my wellness in a way that would not only stick , but fit within the parameters of my busy life as a full-time lawyer , husband and father of four small children . In my case , it began with a well-researched and supervised seven-day fruit and vegetable juice cleanse  during which time I weaned myself off caffeine  , followed by an entirely plant-based nutrition program -- an animal-product-free regimen I have adhered to ever since . The immediate result was a rather surprising and unexpected increase in my energy levels , leading to a very gradual return to exercise , building up slowly over an extended period of time . The results were hardly overnight . But two years later , I had lost well over 30 pounds . And not only did I keep the weight off , I was the most fit I had ever been in my life . At 42 years old , I competed in the Ultraman World Championships , a grueling three-day uber-endurance triathlon circumnavigating the Big Island of Hawaii that involves 6.2 miles of swimming , 260 miles of cycling and culminates with a 52.4-mile double marathon run . I placed 11th overall and was the third-fastest American . To top it off , Men 's Fitness magazine recently named me one of the "  25 Fittest Guys in the World . "  Not that I actually believe I deserve such an honor ! Quite an extreme contrast from that day I looked in the mirror . I 'm not advocating that everyone should test himself or herself so severely . But my point is that change starts with a decision followed by baby steps along a new , consistent trajectory that , over time , can lead to dramatic results . I 'm nothing special . I 'm not a professional athlete . I 'm just a normal family guy . But if I could experience such a vast transformation in my own life , I know with certainty that everybody has within himself the power to enact his own well-balanced transformation . Change is never easy . And despite what you may see advertised , I 'm sorry to say there is no secret diet , mystery pill or overnight miracle that will do it for you . But there is a solution . Here are some helpful tools I employed along the way that can help you get started : Set a goal : Vague , nonspecific notions of "  getting fit , " "  going to the gym , " or "  eating better " are all fine , but they are not true "  goals " and all too typically devolve , paving the way for relapse to old habits . Instead , establish something very concrete you would like to achieve on a future date . The more specific , the better . Then create a solid plan with reasonable interim "  steppingstone " milestones along the way to achieving the larger goal . Chart your progress , as meeting interim milestones will boost your confidence and invest you more deeply in the ultimate goal . Create community and accountability : If you go public with your quest , then you are on the hook . A good support network is a key to success . But beware of the negative dream crushers . Be selective , surrounding yourself with people who encourage your success . Do what you love : When it comes to exercise , it should n't be too painful . Ideally , it should be fun . If you absolutely hate running , find something else you enjoy . Otherwise , you set yourself up to fail . And do n't be too rigid -- mix it up with a variety of activities you like to keep it interesting and fresh . Do n't diet : Instead , get honest about your habits and embark on implementing healthy , lasting changes in your nutrition . I feel quite strongly that a nutrition program built entirely around plant-based foods and completely devoid of animal products is optimal . Conventional wisdom would say that an athlete can not perform on plants alone . But I am living proof that this is false , and I have ample research to support this position . Personally , I can not overemphasize the difference this has made in my own life , a secret weapon for enhanced athletic performance and overall long-term wellness .  In the last two years , I have not gotten sick or even suffered a cold . I realize , of course , that not everyone is ready to go 100 percent vegan , but a program built on a strong foundation of fresh organic vegetables , fruits and grains should be the focus . Do n't skip meals , but reduce your portions slightly . Read the labels and educate yourself . Avoid saturated fats , processed foods and soft drinks , all of which are entirely devoid of nutritional value . Eating whole fresh foods high in nutritional content will also stave off those unhealthy urges to binge . One day at a time : Large goals can seem insurmountable . The idea that you can never eat a cupcake or sleep in again is daunting at best . Instead , just focus on what is happening today , even if it 's hour to hour , and do n't worry about tomorrow . "  Today , I 'm not going to eat that cupcake . Maybe I 'll eat it tomorrow , just not today . " And if you miss a beat , do n't flog yourself ; it only leads to discouragement and quitting altogether . The important thing is to make sure you get right back on it the next day -- do n't let another day go by . Prioritize : Take an honest look at your average week , identify your inefficient uses of time and eliminate the things that do n't serve your goals . No matter how busy you are , if you are truly honest about this inquiry , I guarantee you can make some cuts and carve out some time . Remember : Nothing changes if nothing changes . Be consistent : It 's not about how much you do in a given workout or how hard it is . Ten minutes of core exercises four to five times per week is far better than one long run a week . Establishing a consistent rhythm of repetition is key , and another reason that your choice of exercise should be something you truly enjoy . Let 's join together to shift the world 's perspective on long-term health and wellness . No matter how old , overweight or out of shape you are , you have the power to make a decision , set a goal and create a plan . Positive change is always within your grasp , and today still remains the first day of the rest of your life . Make it count ! The opinions expressed in this article are solely those of Rich Roll .	Rich Roll : Approaching 40 , "  I was in the worst shape of my life " Two years later , he was the most fit he 'd ever been This year , Men 's Fitness named Roll one of the "  25 Fittest Guys in the World " To become fit , set a specific goal , be consistent and take it one day at a time , he says
CNN  -- A federal magistrate has refused a request from lawyers for the surviving Boston Marathon bombing suspect that would allow them to take "  current and periodic " photographs of him , which would have been kept from the government . In an order on Friday , Magistrate Judge Marianne Bowler said Dzhokhar Tsarnaev 's request "  fails to establish that future photographs are subject to the attorney client privilege . " Tsarnaev , 19 , is hospitalized at a federal prison facility northwest of Boston after being captured and charged in connection with the April 15 bombing attack near the marathon finish line that killed three and injured more than 260 others . Lawyers for Tsarnaev said they wanted to take photographs of their client and his injuries over time to provide evidence of "  his evolving mental and physical state " while in federal custody . But Bowler rejected the request , citing prison security . But the judge did say Bureau of Prison staff could take any photos in the presence of counsel , but that the government should get copies . "  This reasonable accommodation adequately addresses the defendant 's need to document the defendant 's condition , " said Bowler .	Lawyers for Dzhokhar Tsarnaev wanted to take photos of him while in custody Photos intended to document bombing suspect 's mental and physical condition Magistrate said any photos would have to be shared with prosecutors Tsarnaev charged in marathon bombing that killed three , injured more than 260
CNN  -- For the second time in less than week , Venezuela has announced the nationalization of a manufacturing plant , this time a privately owned steel mill . Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez said Sunday his government will take over the Sidetur steel manufacturing plant . Chavez announced October 25 that the government was nationalizing two U.S.-owned Owens-Illinois glass-manufacturing plants . Jose Paredes , the vice minister for basic industries and mining , said the government needs to take over the Sidetur plant because it was not providing enough steel to meet the nation 's construction demands . "  This business needs to meet the needs of the country , " Paredes was quoted as saying by the state-run Agencia Venezolana de Noticias . Sidetur is owned by Vivencia , which had two mineral plants appropriated by the government in 2008 . Chavez also nationalized the nation 's largest steel plant , Sidor , in 2008 . The leftist president has had a history of nationalizing industries and land holdings during his 11-year tenure . Last year , he nationalized a local unit of U.S. food giant Cargill . He previously has appropriated privately owned oil , telecommunications , power and cement companies .	The takeover of the Sidetur plant is the second nationalization announced in less than a week President Hugo Chavez announced last week the government will nationalize two glass-manufacturing plants Chavez has a history of nationalizing private industries and land holdings
CNN  -- Defending Wimbledon champion Novak Djokovic and six-time winner Roger Federer will meet in the last four after both came through quarterfinal matches with comfortable straight sets victories Wednesday . Federer was at his imperious best as he crushed Russian Mikhail Youzhny 6-1 6-2 6-2 with Djokovic later joining him in the semifinals after dispatching Germany 's Florian Mayer 6-4 6-1 6-4 . "  Roger has been on the top of the men 's game for so long . This is where he won six titles . He definitely wants to prove himself and to everybody else that he can win it once again , " said Djokovic , who will lose the top ranking if Federer can win a record-extending 17th grand slam title on Sunday . "  Today he won incredibly fast , in straight sets , so we 'll see . I 'm playing well , I believe . We both have to play at our best in order to get a win . I really have nothing to lose . I 'm going to try to win . " Britain 's home hope Andy Murray will play Jo-Wilfried Tsonga of France in the other semifinal after both later won four-set matches . World number one Djokovic had reached this stage of a grand slam for the ninth successive time , with only Federer , Rod Laver and Ivan Lendl surpassing that record . He recovered from a slow start , dropping his opening service game , to overpower Mayer , helped by a 20-minute rain delay out on Court One . When he returned he broke for a second time to take the opening set and two further breaks saw him with a two set lead . The third set followed a similar pattern as the 25-year-old Serbian produced a string of winners and he took a 5-4 lead before serving out for victory . Djokovic has beaten Federer in their last three meetings , but the Swiss maestro was even more impressive in seeing off Youzhny on Centre Court , never allowing his opponent the chance to get a foothold in the match . "  It is interesting that this is our first grass-court match . I 'm looking forward to it , " the 30-year-old Federer said of what will be a record 32nd grand slam semifinal appearance , surpassing Jimmy Connors ' total . "  It 's been a good tournament so far for me . I 'm happy I 'm feeling good again . It gives me confidence going into a big match against Novak . " Djokovic is fully aware of the challenge posed by Federer , who is one week short of Pete Sampras ' career record of 286 at the top of the world rankings . "  He is a great champion and has been so dominant and consistent at the grand slams . He is the ultimate challenge on grass courts . " Djokovic is bidding to become the first man since Federer in 2007 to retain the Wimbledon title , and also add to his Australian Open success earlier this year . World No. 4 Murray kept fans on Centre Court on tenterhooks for nearly four hours before he got past Spanish seventh seed David Ferrer . Ferrer took a set lead and was a break up in the second before his Scottish opponent established a toehold in the match . He trailed 5-2 in the second set tiebreaker before hitting back to level and moved ahead when he took the third set . A brief rain delay halted play at 5-5 in the fourth set before fourth seed Murray returned to win the match 6-7 7-6 6-4 7-6 . It will be his fourth Wimbledon straight semifinal , bidding to become the first British player to win a grand slam since Fred Perry in 1936 . Tsonga will provide stiff opposition but he was extended by German Philipp Kohlschreiber in their clash on Court One . After dropping the second set , Tsonga , who beat Federer in the quarterfinals last year , emerged a 7-6 4-6 7-6 6-2 winner .	Novak Djokovic to play Roger Federer in the Wimbledon semifinals Djokovic beats Florian Mayer of Germany 6-4 6-1 6-4 Federer brushes aside Mikhail Youzhny for just five games Andy Murray to play Jo-Wilfried Tsonga in other semifinal
Don Bohning is a former Latin America editor for The Miami Herald and author of "  The Castro Obsession : U.S. Covert Operations Against Cuba 1959-1965 , " published by Potomac Books in 2005 . Cuban President Fidel Castro poses for a photograph last month in Havana . CNN  -- Before disappearing from public life in 2006 and officially stepping down as Cuba 's president Tuesday , Fidel Castro ruled the country with an iron fist , despite numerous attempts by his enemies to do away with him . The CIA-directed April 1961 invasion of Cuba at the Bay of Pigs was just the tip of the iceberg when it came to U.S. government efforts to rid Cuba of Castro . They began with his rise to power in 1959 and continued through the mid-1960s . In many cases , those efforts were accompanied by assassination plots , ranging from the ridiculous to the sublime . Some were serious , others were not . Obviously , none succeeded . Most Americans did not learn of these efforts until 1975 , when Sen. Frank Church of Idaho conducted hearings on Alleged Assassination Plots Involving Foreign Leaders . Greater detail became available in 1993 with the declassification of the Report on Plots to Assassinate Fidel Castro , a report ordered by President Johnson . It was prepared in 1967 by the CIA 's inspector general and made available to the Church Committee but not declassified until 36 years later . Watch a report on the impact of Castro 's resignation " The Church Committee concluded there were "  at least eight plots involving the CIA to assassinate Castro from 1960 to 1965 . " Some , however , never got beyond the talking stage , as indicated by the CIA inspector general 's report . They included , before August 1960 , plots aimed only at discrediting Castro .  Aerosol attack on radio station Discussion was held on a scheme to contaminate the air of the radio station in Havana where Castro broadcast his speeches with a chemical that produces reactions similar to LSD . Nothing came of the idea .  Contaminated cigars A vague scheme involving a box of cigars treated with a chemical intended to produce temporary personality disorientation or , perhaps , cause his beard to fall out . The source was the late Jake Esterline , the CIA 's project director for what became the Bay of Pigs . While vague on his recollections about the intended effect of the cigars , Esterline said he was positive they were not lethal .  Depilatory A scheme involving thallium salt , a chemical used by women as a depilatory , placed in his shoes . The idea was to cause Castro 's beard to fall out , thus damaging his image .  Gambling syndicate -- Phase I  August 1960 - May 1961  A complicated assassination plot initiated by Richard Bissell , involving Mafia figures Sam Giancani , Santos Trafficante and Johnny Rosselli , who had contacts remaining in Havana from pre-Castro days . It was timed to coincide with the Bay of Pigs invasion , although Bissell , head of CIA covert operations at the time , never bothered to tell either Esterline , the Bay of Pigs project director , nor Marine Col. Jack Hawkins , the project 's paramilitary officer . Poison pills were to be delivered to Havana and delivered to a contact inside a restaurant frequented by Castro . No one knows if the pills ever got to Havana . It was called off after the Bay of Pigs .  Gambling syndicate -- Phase II  Late 1961 - June 1963  The same plot involving Mafia figures and poison pills was reactivated in early 1962 as part of the period of Operation Mongoose , the post-Bay of Pigs program to unseat Castro . The pills were given to Tony Varona , a prominent Cuban exile , through Johnny Rosselli , another Mafia figure . Varona then asked for arms and ammunition as well , which were passed to him by the Miami CIA station . The inspector general 's report indicates uncertainty as to whether the pills ever made it to Cuba . Schemes in early 1963  Skin-diving suit This plot was hatched at the time New York Attorney James Donovan was negotiating with Castro for the release of the Bay of Pigs prisoners . It called for Donovan to present Castro with a skin-diving suit dusted inside with a fungus that would produce a disabling and chronic skin disease and contaminating the breathing apparatus with the bacterium that causes tuberculosis . The skin-diving suit already had been bought but was abandoned when it was learned Donovan already had given Castro a skin-diving suit on his own initiative .  Booby-trapped seashell The idea was to take an unusually spectacular seashell that would catch Castro 's attention , load it with an explosive triggered to blow when the seashell was lifted , and submerge it in an area Castro was known to frequent for skin-diving . The plan progressed so far that Desmond Fitzgerald , then head of the CIA 's Cuban operations , bought two books on Caribbean mollusks . It was later decided the scheme was impracticable for a variety of reasons , among them that a midget submarine to have been used in placing the seashell had too short an operating range .  Project Amlash-Rolando Cubela Cubela , whose code name was Amlash , was a member of Castro 's inner circle from the beginning . He had become disenchanted and made contact with the CIA as early as 1961 . Nestor Sanchez , his CIA case officer , was meeting with Cubela in Paris when President Kennedy was killed in Dallas , Texas , November 22 , 1963 . Sanchez provided Cubela that day -- at Cubela 's request -- a poison pen-syringe to be used either on Castro or on himself , in case of a failed attempt . Nothing happened . As CIA covert operations against Castro began winding down , the Agency put Cubela in touch with Manuel Artime , the exiled chief of a 300-member , CIA-funded exile guerrilla army operating for Central America . The joint Artime-Cubela plan was for Cubela to assassinate Castro when he gave his annual July 26 , 1965 , speech at Varadero , a beach resort on Cuba 's north coast . The assassination would coincide with a seaborne invasion by Artime 's forces with the presumed support of several Cuban army officers in the area . The operation was canceled in late June 1965 after it became compromised . E-mail to a friend	A plot to embarrass Castro suggested chemicals to cause his beard to fall out One plan included Mafia figures and poison pills A booby-trapped seashell that would explode when lifted was also discussed One scheme included a diving suit dusted inside with a disease-causing fungus
Staten Island , New York  CNN  -- On a chilly morning after thousands took to the streets to protest yet another grand jury 's refusal to indict a white police officer for killing an unarmed black man , tourists vied for spots on the Staten Island Ferry to photograph the Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island . The ferry is the only way to get from lower Manhattan -- without a car , of course -- to the north shore of New York 's least populated and whitest borough . On the other side of the harbor , just blocks from the ferry terminal , is Tompkinsville , the neighborhood where Eric Garner lived and died . Garner , 43 , was a father of six and a grandfather . He died July 17 after police Officer Daniel Pantaleo tackled him to the ground in a department-banned chokehold during an arrest for selling cigarettes illegally . Garner 's death occurred weeks before Ferguson , Missouri , Police Officer Darren Wilson shot unarmed teenager Michael Brown to death on August 9 . A St. Louis County grand jury last week declined to indict Wilson , setting off days of unrest . On the journey from Manhattan , where hordes of protesters stopped traffic on Wednesday and Thursday , to the Staten Island street where Garner was killed , people were asked three questions . What do the deaths of Brown and Garner say about race in America ? How would your life be different if you were of a different race or class ? Do you believe justice is colorblind ? Enoch Karim and his daughter Takeya sat on the Staten Island-bound ferry , watching tourists snap photos of the Statue of Liberty . The United States is not all it 's made out to be , Karim said . The grand jury decision to not indict Pantaleo was not unexpected . "  We 've become desensitized to these murders , " said Karim , whose son was friends with Garner , known in the neighborhood as "  Big E. " "  It 's business as usual in America . " "  It 's bad , " his 14-year-old daughter said . "  We die and they do n't do anything about it . " Karim said his son and Garner sold "  loosie " cigarettes to make a few dollars "  instead of stealing . " His son saw Garner die , he said . "  He said , ` Dad , I had to walk away . They killed Big E and I could n't do anything about it . ' " Asked if life would be different if his race was different , Karim smiled . "  It 's called the privileged race , " he said . "  I 'd probably be president . " Johannes Morken and his wife , May , on Wednesday stood near Rockefeller Center in Manhattan . They watched hundreds of protesters on the streets . On Thursday , waiting for the ferry , the couple visiting from Norway read a front-page newspaper article about the protests . "  Both these two guys are black and they were killed for small crimes , " said Johannes Morken . "  Police use tough measures against unarmed black people . It looks like white policemen are trained to act like that . " "  Racism is more of a problem than we hoped it would be , " he added . Garner 's father , Ben Carr , has been holding an almost daily vigil near the makeshift shrine at the spot where his son died . "  I just want to make sure that people come here to honor and remember my son , " he said . "  No violence . We live here . " Rage was on display on the streets of New York , but there was none of the looting and violence seen in Ferguson . To Twan Scholar , who knew Garner for 25 years , the sidewalk where his friend died is sacred ground . So many young black men are dying , he said . "  The government worries about all these other countries , but what about folks being killed by the police on our streets ? " he asked . Rodney Lee , who is Korean , has run Bay Beauty Supply on Bay Street for 15 years . As Pantaleo grabbed Garner in a chokehold , the officer and the man he took down nearly crashed through the window of Lee 's shop . A memorial of white flowers , handwritten notes and burning candles marks the spot on a sidewalk where Garner uttered his last words : "  I ca n't breathe . I ca n't breathe . " "  Why do we have to be scared of the cops ? " Lee asked . Katie McCarthy has owned Book Caf  on Bay Street for three decades . She looked down the street at the people gathered around Garner 's memorial and lamented that America was far from guaranteeing "  equal justice for all . " Outside a pharmacy on Victory Boulevard , Loretta Bevilacqua said the Garner case was not about race . Though Staten Island is more than three-quarters white , the north shore is more diverse . "  It 's sad what happened but most people here get along , " she said . The borough -- the only one not reachable by the city 's subway system -- is home to many firefighters and police officers . On September 11 , 2001 , more than 250 Staten Islanders died when the World Trade Center towers fell . "  Justice is colorblind , " Bevilacqua said . "  A lot of people do n't care about race . But there are always some people who are prejudiced . "	Tompkinsville is the Staten Island neighborhood where Eric Garner lived and died His friends and neighbors share their thoughts with CNN Garner 's father wants people to honor his son ; "  No violence . We live here "
CNN  -- With more than 12,000 miles of coastline in the United States -- not to mention lakeshore -- there 's no way CNN.com could name every great beach destination in last week 's "  22 ca n't - miss U.S. beaches . " We asked readers to submit their favorite getaways in the comments section . The response was fantastic , and we 've compiled a second photo gallery of 20 favorites based on reader suggestions . While we could n't picture every beach recommendation , our friends living in the Midwest will be happy to note that this gallery includes some freshwater beaches . Which places do you love ? They include Michigan 's Sleeping Bear Dunes National Lakeshore , Ohio 's Headlands Beach State Park , North Carolina 's Corolla Beach , Alabama 's Orange Beach , South Padre Island in Texas , California 's Black Sand Beach , Oregon 's Cannon and Tolovana beaches and Hawaii 's Papakolea Beach . The original : 22 ca n't - miss U.S. beaches And we collected more locations than we could list in this latest slideshow . In Florida , readers also recommend Clearwater , Daytona , Ormond , St. Petersburg , Grayton and Playalinda . Californians could go on for hours : La Jolla Shores , Pismo , Salt Creek , Huntington , Gold Bluffs , Brookings Harbor , Crescent City and Klamath . Michigan residents , who enjoy more miles of freshwater coastline than any other state , also love South Haven , Holland State Park , Oscoda , Oval and Warren Dunes State Park . Wisconsin folks recommend New Port State Park . Other nominees include Watkins Glen , New York ; Ocean City , Maryland ; Hatteras in North Carolina ; and Port Orford , Oregon . 7 amazing island rentals We wo n't use a blank slide to shame those commenters who declined to reveal their favorites or those who expressed joy that their hideaways did n't make the original list . Who can blame you for guarding the location of your favorite getaways ? Everybody needs a secluded place where they can hide out , decompress and rejuvenate from time to time .	A recent list of ca n't - miss beaches inspired plenty of reader suggestions This follow-up list was compiled based on reader submissions of their favorite beach getaways Midwesterners , Californians and Floridians had multiple beaches to share There are more than 100,000 miles of coastline and shoreline in the United States
CNN  -- At the American Music Awards on Sunday , there was plenty of love for international artists . British boy band One Direction was a big winner at the 2014 ceremony , taking home both the artist of the year award and the trophy for favorite pop/rock band , duo or group . Australian rapper Iggy Azalea , who walked into the ceremony as the lead nominee with six nods , also won two awards on Sunday , including the favorite rap/hip-hop album honor . "  This award is the first award I 've ever won in my entire life , and it means so much to me that it is for best hip-hop because that 's what inspired me to move to America and pursue my dreams , and it 's what helped me when I was a teenager to escape and to get through my life and to better times , " Azalea told the audience while accepting her trophy . Meanwhile , soulful British singer Sam Smith , who showcased his pipes during Sunday 's ceremony , was awarded the favorite pop/rock male artist trophy . That 's not to say that homegrown artists were left out in the cold : Katy Perry , Beyonce and country stars like Luke Bryan also got their due . But some stars shone brighter than others during what wound up being a rather tame affair . Once the AMAs were all said and done , here 's who left everyone talking : 1 . Taylor Swift Talk about star power . On Sunday , music 's reigning pop princess , Taylor Swift , received the Dick Clark Award of Excellence from none other than Diana Ross . Swift , being the smart young woman she is , recognized the importance of having the trailblazer there , and honored Ross in her acceptance speech . "  I 'm just so blown away to have just received an award from Diana Ross , who over the course of her career stood up for herself so many times in a time when it was not popular for a woman to stand up for herself , " she said . "  I 'm so honored . " Swift , who performed her single "  Blank Space " on Sunday , also thanked her fans for pushing sales of her new album "  1989 " well past one million . The album is not available on the streaming service Spotify , and during her speech for her Dick Clark award , Swift appeared to be sticking to her guns . "  What you did by going out and investing in music and albums is you 're saying that you believe in the same thing that I believe in , that music is valuable and should be consumed in albums , and albums should be consumed as art and appreciated , " Swift said . 2 . Jennifer Lopez Jennifer Lopez promised to perform her single "  Booty " at the AMAs , and the singer/actress gave a set for the ages . Iggy Azalea was there , too , but even she admitted that J. Lo  and her flexibility  stole the show .	The 2014 American Music Awards were held Sunday There was lots of love for international artists like One Direction Stars like Taylor Swift , J. Lo and Selena Gomez also stood out
CNN  -- Gidget , the 15-year-old dog best known for her Taco Bell ad campaign , died of a stroke Tuesday in Los Angeles , California , said Sue Chipperton , her trainer . Uttering the words "  Yo Quiero Taco Bell , " Gidget 's popularity soared in the fast food restaurant 's ads . Uttering the words "  Yo Quiero Taco Bell , " Gidget , a female dog , played a male dog in the commercials . She was cast as the girlfriend of the Taco Bell Chihuahua , but the director changed his mind at the last minute and made Gidget the lead dog , Chipperton said . Chipperton worked with Gidget since she was an 8-week old pup and traveled everywhere with the dog . Gidget even opened the New York Stock Exchange . Roles were hard to come by for the pooch after her popularity soared from the Taco Bell ads , according to her trainer . "  She was kind of typecast , so she never really got much work after that , " Chipperton said . Gidget was cast in the 2003 film , "  Legally Blonde 2 . " She also had a role as an extra in the 2008 animal-themed movie , "  Beverly Hills Chihuahua . " "  That 's what her life had come to over the years , " playing small background roles , Chipperton said . Watch Gidget 's top dog years with Taco Bell " The Chihuahua loved being on set . She "  acted like a big dog and had a big dog attitude , " Chipperton said , adding that once she arrived on a soundstage , she had no trouble finding her way in front of the camera . She was a real pro , but when you look at the commercials , she really did n't do much , her trainer said . "  She did n't do amazing dog tricks , she did n't do stunts , she was just playing the character of a teenage boy  dog  . " At home , Gidget was laid-back , happy and low maintenance , according to Chipperton . Gidget was owned by Studio Animal Services , but lived with and was trained by Chipperton , who said she has been getting e-mails , calls and Facebook entries on Gidget 's passing . "  It 's comforting , " she said . "  It 's so touching to see so many people were affected by her and that they loved her , she was a very special dog . "	Uttering the words "  Yo Quiero Taco Bell , " Gidget 's popularity soared Gidget , a female dog , played a male dog in the commercials After the commercials "  she was kind of typecast , " Gidget 's trainer said
Freetown , Sierra Leone  CNN  -- Jabati Mambu has lived all his adult life without his right hand . He was only 15 when rebels of the Revolutionary United Front swept through Freetown , the capital of Sierra Leone . In their signature , sinister style , they hacked off Mambu 's hand with a machete . Mambu , now 28 and a goalkeeper for Sierra Leone 's amputee football  soccer  team , was one of thousands of victims who felt huge relief Thursday after an international tribunal convicted former Liberian President Charles Taylor on 11 counts of aiding and abetting the rebels to carry out war crimes . Taylor convicted in The Hague "  I think this should send out a very big message to those who want to commit crimes , " Mambu said . "  People will listen , even if they do n't care , and they will know what has happened today is important for us victims . " Those who suffered in Sierra Leone 's notoriously brutal civil war reveled in the fact that Taylor was finally held to justice for the bloodshed , an act of accountability that had seemed implausible to many . In the diamond-mining region of Kono , where much of the atrocities took place , almost everyone has a story to tell about the rebels , who the Special Court for Sierra Leone concluded were supported militarily by Taylor . "  Things went bad , but this will let people know that it will not go unpunished , " said the Rev. Sahr Christian Fayai , head of the Human Rights Commission in Kono . Fayai saw loved ones die , children abducted , women raped and homes burned . "  My experience was very bitter . I lost everything in a heartbeat , " he said . The verdict , he said , will help heal the wounds . Or at least begin healing . The court found Taylor guilty of abetting murder , rape , conscripting child soldiers , sexual slavery and mining diamonds to pay for guns in the decade-long war that ultimately left 50,000 dead or missing . Who is Charles Taylor ? It has been another decade since Sierra Leone emerged from violence . But another Kono resident was still too afraid to speak openly . He had seen hell and lives in fear of retribution for telling the world about it . During the worst of the war , he and his family walked by the cover of night to escape across the Guinea border . But the rebels caught them and lined them up with others for execution . One of the rebel fighters recognized the man and called him out . He asked his son to point to all those he knew . The boy picked out his father , mother , sister and grandfather . Everyone else was shot to death . "  They killed them in front of our faces . My boy was so terrified -- he was only 5 . " Thursday , the man watched a judge read out Taylor 's verdict on a television screen in a bank . He stood among amputees and ex-combatants . They felt vindicated : Taylor , they said , had robbed them of their youth and education . They might have been something in life had it not been for him . Justice took a long time coming , the Kono resident said . But it prevailed . "  Now I am waiting to see what will be the sentence , " he said . "  Will it be a life sentence ? We live with the bitterness of war . We can see scars all over . " Opinion : Who really benefits from these trials ? In Taylor 's homeland , Liberia , the reaction to the court 's historic ruling was mixed . Taylor had just become the first former head of state to be convicted by a war crimes tribunal since the Nuremberg trials after World War II . In Monrovia , the Liberian capital , a man sported a "  not guilty " T-shirt and advocated for Taylor 's freedom . Others said they want their president back . "  If I want him to come back ? Yes . I would be happy , " said Dennis Zomo . "  I 'm a Christian . I do n't have any bad mind against him . " Daniel Rogers said he was angry about the bad reputation the world has attached to Liberia . He said the people of Sierra Leone were hardly innocent . "  We did not chop our people 's arms during our war . We are not ... wicked enough to chop up people , " he said . "  We expect that our war crimes court , the court of Liberia , will come here , too , to try people from Sierra Leone . " Added Ali Kemokei : "  I feel there was an international conspiracy . President Taylor never ... went to fight in Sierra Leone . " But not every Liberian was defending Taylor . "  I feel good for Taylor to be guilty , " said Sekei Duklay , "  because he killed my people , he destroyed this country , so I do n't like him . I want they should  put  him in jail for life imprisonment . " Back in Freetown , people gathered at the Special Court Thursday to watch the verdict . Taylor 's proceedings were moved to the Netherlands because of fear that the trial might trigger instability in Liberia . How ` blood diamonds ' fuel conflicts In Freetown , Taylor still has a following . "  The court says it is trying those who are most responsible , " said Elred Collins , head of the Revolutionary United Front Party and the former spokesman for the rebels . "  Every Sierra Leonean took part in the war . In one way or another , they did take part in the war , " he said . "  So if you would like to bring everyone to justice , I do n't know when the case will end . " For Mambu , the amputee footballer , there is no end , either . Not yet . And not for other victims of the war , who said that the conviction of one man was not enough to help get the damaged lives of thousands of others back on track . "  I think more has to be done for the things that happened to us not to happen again , like amputation , rape , burning of houses , " Mambu said . In Sierra Leone , said aid worker Jennifer Harold , there are bullet holes in all the buildings . And there are bullet holes in the national psyche . In that sense , the verdict was a big victory , said Harold , World Vision 's director in Sierra Leone . Change is slow , she said . But with Taylor likely to go to jail , the victims of his war know now that they do n't have to be mired in the past . Journalist Damon van der Linde reported from Freetown , Sierra Leone and CNN 's Moni Basu reported from Atlanta . Journalist Bonnie Allen contributed to this report from Monrovia , Liberia .	An international tribunal finds Charles Taylor guilty of aiding war crimes In Sierra Leone , war victims feel relief Amputee Jabati Mambu says much more has to be done for those who suffered Taylor finds some support in his homeland , Liberia
OPRAH.com  -- A man from Vermont got into the habit of leaving his wife little notes . Nothing elaborate -- just sweet sentiments like "  I love you " or "  I ca n't wait to get home to you tonight , " jotted down on Post-it notes and then hidden in places where he knew she 'd stumble over them throughout the course of her day . You can say "  I love you " by giving your time and attention to people in need . She 'd open a drawer or reach into a kitchen cabinet and find a hidden note . From inside the dog food bin , to the laundry hamper , to the driver 's seat of her car , the notes were everywhere . He was in the military and he was shipped out during the early days of the war in Iraq , where he was killed in action . On the morning of the funeral , his young widow put on her winter coat , placed her hands in her pockets , and found the last two notes which he had hidden there for her before he had left home . Knowing exactly what they were , she slowly pulled them out of her pockets . The first one read , "  I will always love you . " And the other read , "  We will always be together . " Did he know the circumstances under which she 'd find them ? It was hard to say . You can imagine the sorrow she felt as she read them , but think how lucky she was to have had a husband who managed to reach out with a final , loving gesture . Like this wonderful man , all of us can create ways everyday that say , "  I love you . " I know it 's almost Valentine 's Day , and we have come to think of only this day as LOVE day but instead , I am suggesting that we think of EVERY DAY as an opportunity to put a little love in the world . There is an old saying that goes something like this , "  Love does n't make the world go round , but it sure makes the ride worth while . " You see , real joy and true happiness are found when we tell someone we care and show them how special they are in our lives . When I say love , I do not only mean the kind where two people are locking lips and coming up for air every 10 minutes or so . I am talking about the kind of love that embraces everyone who has a presence in our lives . The kind of love I am talking about extends throughout our circle of life , touching family , friends and co-workers . Oprah.com How to show your loved ones you care I am talking about the kind of love where a woman gives her birthday bouquet away to a co - worker because the co-worker has had some rough financial times and can not afford to purchase a gift for her niece . The woman believes her birthday bouquet will be even more special when the co-worker gives it to her niece . Or , when everyone at a hair salon contributes to making a quilt for their friend who has just been diagnosed with ovarian cancer . The quilt was filled with their well wishes and served as their own special way to cover their sick friend with love . An act of love is present when a woman grows out her red silky hair , just so that it could be pulled back in a pony tail and cut to be donated to Locks of Love , a company that makes beautiful wigs for women who have lost their hair to chemotherapy treatments as they battle cancer . Love is also found within a retired woman who decides to raise money so she can go to Africa where she can best tend to and take care of orphaned children who are affected by HIV and AIDS . We all know stories like these and we each have our own stories to tell , to inspire us and remind us what really matters . It is in these acts of kindness where the joy of living is found . These acts of love are everywhere , and when we turn our eyes and hearts to them , they touch and change our lives forever . Defining what love is has been the work of poets and philosophers throughout time , but it 's our job too . It is something we all know when we feel it , but words simply are not adequate enough to define it . Love is so many things -- a feeling , an intention and a thank you . It is compassionate , it is generous , it is funny , it is serious , it breaks our hearts and yet it heals all things . Love is expressed in a trillion ways , it is found in a smile , blowing a kiss , a wink , a song , a poem , a word or even a batch of chocolate chip cookies . There is so much to say about love , but the heart of the matter is , we all want to be loved and we all want to love . Oprah.com : Great ways to celebrate Valentine 's Day This Valentine 's Day , remember that there are so many ways to say , "  I love you . " Be a mentor . Teach someone to read . Sit a while with someone who is lonely . Volunteer . Serve food at a shelter . Make art with kids . Compliment someone . Listen to what someone has to say . Visit a friend who is sick . Wave to the women sitting in the window at a nursing home . Tell someone you are thinking about them . Be a role model . Work to build a house with Habitat for Humanity . Lend a hand at the local fire hall . Use your money generously . Walk for what you believe in -- peace , breast cancer research and life . Comfort someone when they are sad . Walk your neighbor 's dog . Participate in a food drive . Bake or buy something from a bake sale . Donate the clothes you do not wear from your closet , and you will have loved with all of your heart . By Sandra Magsamen from the Oprah.com Exclusive "  Valentine 's Day "  2009 Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM &  2009 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Every day is a good day to perform acts of love that touch , change lives Love can be found in smile , a wink , a song , a poem or batch of cookies Acts of love and kindness remind us what really matters Visit sick friend , help build house with Habitat for Humanity
CNN  -- Photographer Michael Muller is a man without fear . He swims among sharks without the protection of a cage to make studio-quality , intimate photos of these beautiful creatures . As scary as that might sound , the top predators are at the bottom of his list of concerns . He 's usually far more concerned about all the gear he brings into the water . "  The sharks do n't really pose any of the danger . It 's all the diving , and the technical -LSB- challenges -RSB- and electricity and the light , " Muller says . "  I do n't use cages -- I 've been surrounded by 150 to 200 sharks , not once ever been close to being bitten . " Using studio techniques in the wild has helped Muller 's work stand out in a crowded field of nature photographers . It bolsters the attention he 's received as a commercial photographer , a spotlight he 's leveraging to raise awareness about critically diminishing global shark populations . This week his shark photos are being featured on the Instagram blog as he takes over Discovery Channel 's account for Shark Week . He 'll be uploading images from his own feed as well as posting new pictures from Mexico , where he 's currently swimming with whale sharks . Both venues are helping broadcast his pictures -- and his message -- to an enormous audience . Because of threats like overfishing and a high demand for fins , "  the sharks are really in a lot of danger right now , " he says . "  We 're killing about 100 million of them a year . People have no idea when they hear the numbers , and they 're the top of a very , very fragile ecosystem in the oceans , so if you take out the top predator it 's just like a domino effect . " "  White Mike " as he 's sometimes called , says his highly successful commercial work has helped him see the power of photography , but rather than promote celebrities or products , he 's using his skills to help advocacy organizations like WildAid , Sea Shepherds , EarthEcho , and Shark Spotters in South Africa . "  I thought OK , I 've done $ 10 billion in movie posters , maybe I can help sort of change people 's perceptions of these animals and what 's happening to our planet , " he says . As any professional photographer must be these days , Muller is also something of an entrepreneur . In addition to owning the patent on the seven-bulb , 1200-watt lighting rig he uses to illuminate the sharks , he 's developed a photo toning app and is busy helping establish an online photography school . He says he 's also got a number of books in the works , based on his photos of sharks . Photographers strive to make images that connect with viewers , and the skills needed to do that are universal , whether under water or on land . A sense for composition , timing , and more than anything , patience will produce powerful images of a shark as surely as anything else . Muller hopes the connections his images forge will motivate people to think beyond their preconceptions about sharks . Ultimately , the global conversation will have to shift so people do n't see these animals simply as a source of fins , or animals to be hunted for sport , but instead as the magnificent mainstays of a vast and delicate ecosystem that they really are . "  In order to get those changes you need people from within those cultures to come out and take a stand , which they 're starting to do , " he says . "  Our generation I do n't really have a lot of hope for , " he says . "  It 's for the next generation -LSB- that needs to -RSB- fix what we 've done and what we 're leaving them . " Read more from WIRED : Photos of Unexpected Shooting Targets Used by the World 's Armies I Liked Everything I Saw on Facebook for Two Days . Here 's What It Did to Me What Exactly Is in McDonald 's Famous French Fries ? Why You Always Seem to Choose the Slowest Line Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Cage-free shark photographer Michael Muller takes close up images of great whites Muller is known for using studio techniques to shoot in the wild He hopes his images will raise awareness about dwindling shark populations
CNN  -- Apple fans holding out hope they 'd see the company 's next great gadget on Monday were disappointed . At the keynote address for the company 's annual Worldwide Developers Conference , software was king . For owners of the 800 million iPhones , iPads and iPods that run the company 's iOS operating system , the biggest news may have been the rollout of its latest version , iOS 8 . Due to be released this fall , the new system will update lots of existing features and add some new ones . So , here 's a first look at eight key features of iOS 8 . Health Apple has been pushing fitness and health apps , such as the one associated with Nike 's FuelBand . With Health , they 're taking it a step further . Basically , Health pulls together data from different health-related apps into one place , creating a comprehensive profile for the user . It also lets the users send health information to doctors at selected hospitals . It 's easy to see this being a prominent feature when  and if  the long-rumored iWatch arrives , which could include sensors that track the wearer 's steps , heartbeat and other vital signs . HomeKit Even if it 's not the expansive home-automation system that some rumors suggested , HomeKit is a step toward turning your smartphone into a remote control for the connected devices in your home . Apple has partnered with lots of third-party folks  but notably not Nest , founded by former Apple designer Tony Fadell and recently purchased by Google  on the app . By pulling all of those apps ' abilities together in one place , HomeKit will let users control their garage doors , locks , lights , cameras and thermostats with their phone . Obviously , some third-party hardware will be required -- at least for now . New tricks for Siri The iPhone 's famous voice assistant , Siri , only got a quick mention Monday . But she 's learned a couple of new tricks . On iOS 8 , users who plug their iPhone into their car will be able to wake Siri up by voice without having to touch their phone . Less distraction on the road sounds like a good thing to us . And you 'll be able to ask Siri to identify the song you 're listening to , using technology from the Shazam app . ` Do Not Disturb ' in Messages This is a simple little feature , but tons of folks following our live blog of the Apple event seemed to really like this one . In Messages , "  Do Not Disturb " will let you mute conversation threads that you 're a part of without having to leave them entirely . So , if your buddies are nailing down that karaoke outing while you 're at work , you can make them hush -- while leaving other threads active -- and come back to the chat later . QuickType Google may be the tech giant most associated with predictive text , but Apple 's giving it a go with QuickType . The keyboard feature presumably will make sending messages quicker by guessing what you 're writing before you finish writing it , letting you tap and move on to the next word . Phones on Android already have this . But Apple promises that QuickType will learn your language habits , including how you text in different message threads . So for example , it may predict one word in a work-related thread  "  Time for my next meeting "  , another with your party-time buddy  "  Time for my next beer "  and a third in texts with your mom  "  Time for my next visit "  . Interactive Notifications With this one , Apple catches up on another feature already used by Android owners . Interactive Notifications let you respond to things such as text messages , Facebook posts in which you 're tagged and appointment reminders without leaving the app you 're currently using . To Apple 's credit , their version looks pretty smooth . It even lets you tap to reply with a voice recording , image or video without abandoning that killer level of "  Candy Crush . " Family Sharing Up to six members of a family will be able to share their iTunes purchases across different devices , meaning you and your brother no longer have to pay $ 6.99 each for "  Minecraft . " The catch is you 'll have to use the same credit card for all those purchases . It 's Apple 's way of preventing overly liberal interpretations of the word "  family . " This new feature also will let relatives more easily share calendars , photos , reminders and the like . iCloud Photo Library Apple will now offer more storage for all your photos and videos in the cloud with access to them from any device . The iCloud Photo Library also will include a "  smart " editing feature that lets users slide their finger to adjust multiple effects at the same time . For example , the app will allow you to tweak light , contrast and color on photos , with every adjustment automatically updated across all your devices .	Apple unveiled the newest version of its mobile operating system on Monday New iOS 8 features include Health , which pulls fitness and wellness apps together Siri will be able to identify songs using Shazam CEO Tim Cook says Apple has sold 800 million iOS devices
CNN  -- Mobile World Congress spans the full spectrum of untethered gadgetry , from the next generation of mobile phone networks to wireless charging technology . But it 's always the consumer technology that 's the star . We asked Stuff Magazine Editor-in-Chief Will Findlater to analyze the top trends from the show . Trend 1 : Getting the whole world connnected Mark Zuckerberg used his keynote address to wax lyrical about Internet.org , "  a global partnership dedicated to making internet access available to the two-thirds of the world not yet connected . " By striking deals with telecommunications companies in emerging markets , Internet.org plans to get basic web services - weather reports , Wikipedia , messaging and Facebook  naturally ,  to people at no cost , in the hope that it will inspire them to explore the rest of the web and reap the benefits that it can provide . And there was plenty of hardware at MWC that should help along the way . Given the deep relationship with Microsoft , many were surprised to see Nokia 's mobile division adopt Android for its new devices , but Android is a platform more suited to the emerging markets at which these three devices are aimed . The X series lacks superstar specifications but do feature dual SIM slots , expandable memory and swappable cases , all of which Nokia 's Windows Phone devices lack , and all of which it says the developing world wants . Mozilla 's Firefox OS might not be making huge waves in the developed world , but it could be the platform that helps spread smartphone use through emerging markets . The company showed off a prototype of a $ 25 smartphone running Firefox OS , with Wi-Fi , Bluetooth , camera , and access to HTML5 apps , at a price similar to budget feature phones . Trend 2 : Wellness and wearables The recent trend for the use of fitness trackers looks set to go into overdrive as vendors add features that allow them to harvest even more data about how we go about our daily lives . All for our own good , of course . Samsung 's flagship Galaxy S range is second only to Apple 's iPhone in the popularity stakes , but it has been accused of peddling gimmicks in place of meaningful innovations . This year 's device majors on robustness , and its ability to get to know you better than you know yourself . It is water resistant , and round the back is a heart rate sensor that in conjunction with the S Health app can help build a more complete picture of your fitness . Like the iPhone 5S , it 'll also scan your fingertips via its home button to provide an extra layer of security , and it can be used to seamlessly authorise PayPal payments . It is also a powerhouse device with a 4K video-recording , 16 megapixel camera , super-fast quad-core processor , next-generation 802.11 ac Wi-Fi and a vast 5.1-inch 1080 pixel screen . Despite that , Samsung reckons its new Ultra Power Saving mode can give 24 hours of standby from a 10 % battery charge . Sony 's take on the fitness band takes a few cues from smartwatches , providing notifications via haptic feedback and allowing control over the music you 're playing on a connected Android device . However , it 's the Lifelog companion app thats the big news - it does n't just track your activity , but it measures how you sleep , where you 've been  and how fast you went there  , how much you browse , play music , watch movies and game , and even more besides . Could be a bit of a wake-up call  it 'll do that too . Samsung introduced three wearable devices , the Gear 2 and Gear 2 Neo smartwatches  the latter minus a camera ,  and the Gear Fit fitness band . Like the Galaxy S5 smartphone , all three came with the new ability to constantly monitor your heart rate , making them far more useful as training aids . Trend 3 : Go big or go home Smartphone screens get bigger every year , but the new normal is now so big that the "  phablet " category seems obsolete . From now on , if your device does n't have a 5-inch screen  or bigger  , you 're out of date . And the trend will only continue as companion devices such as smartwatches give us fewer reasons to fish the whopping gadgets out of our pockets . The LG G Pro 2 has a 5.9-incn 1080-pixel screen , a 13 megapixel 4K video-recording camera and huge power , making it an intriguing  and very , very big  gadget - but its key innovation is how it reacts when you wrap your knuckles on it . A custom combination of taps to lock and unlock the device , replacing Android 's standard PIN and Pattern unlock . Combinations with up to 8 taps can be created , and there are 80,000 possible combinations of knock according to LG . Crucially , it works when the screen is off - no need to seek out the power button . Trend 4 : The future Tech shows are always a good opportunity to find out what 's on the horizon , and MWC 2014 did n't disappoint . The best technology demonstration at the show came courtesy of Fujitsu . The prototype Sensory tablet has ultrasonic inducers on its screen that allow it to vibrate at different frequencies , creating an almost magical level of tactile feedback - it mimics different levels of friction and even creates the illusion of raised surfaces . It works wonderfully , and it should come to market in 2015 . Imagine the difference it could make to mobile gaming . Blippar is a British company that 's been working on augmented reality technology in smartphones for years , but using Google 's smart eyewear , it can now provide real-time recognition of objects and faces in the real world , and display relevant data to the wearer in real time . This could give rise to an "  annotated world " - pass a landmark and immediately be furnished with its history , look at a restaurant and immediately access relevant reviews . But it could also allow rich media marketing to be pumped directly into your eye . Like the one before it , the second generation phone from Russian smartphone maker Yota has two screens . At the front is the usual color LCD touchscreen , but at the back is a secondary E-ink display  similar to that on an Amazon Kindle  that only uses power when it refreshes . Via an app , you tell the secondary display what you want it to show you -- a book , a Twitter feed , notifications -- and it sits there updating from time to time without you needing to waste time and energy switching your phone back on . It 's ingenious , and this year , it 's a good deal slicker than it was . Follow Will Findlater on Twitter : @willfindlater Read more : BlackBerry going back to basics , says new CEO Read more : Five ways mobile tech will shake up your financial future Read more : Big data , big business , Big Brother ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Will Findlater .	Connecting the two-thirds of the world without access to the internet is a major theme in Barcelona The recent trend for the use of smartwatches and fitness trackers looks set to go into overdrive From now on , if your device does n't have a 5-inch screen  or bigger  , you 're out of date . Findlater says The future holds developments in tactile feedback , augmented reality , and multiple screens , he predicts
CNN  -- Two iconic women with seemingly radically different world views died recently , leaving legacies of humor , pioneering spirit , and striking public personas . As divergent as their styles were , former Cosmopolitan editor Helen Gurley Brown and comedian Phyllis Diller each used their appearance as a means to an end : Diller to make herself the butt of the joke , Gurley Brown to get ahead personally and professionally -- and to show generations of women how to do the same . Whether chasing beauty or mocking it , these women broke ground by reflecting and reshaping the values of their eras while paving the way for the women behind them . Original mad women Like Peggy Olson in the AMC TV series "  Mad Men , " at midcentury Diller and Gurley Brown both worked as advertising copywriters early in their careers . They each segued into more recognizable versions of themselves as they approached their 40s , carefully crafting their looks and personas into brands that would become instantly recognizable to the American public . Both women would display a penchant for plastic surgery and outlandish style , using themselves as canvases to depict the life of the modern woman . A girly Gurley In an era when settling into marriage and family young was the norm , Gurley Brown married at 37 and took over the helm of Cosmopolitan magazine at 43 , a position she held for more than three decades . Her 1962 book "  Sex and the Single Girl , " was the precursor to "  Sex and the City . " It was also the hopeful embodiment of the "  fun , fearless female " ethos later instilled in hopeful Cosmo girls everywhere . In reality , Gurley Brown , who died last week at 90 , gave up the single life to become the devoted wife to husband David Brown until his death in 2010 .  A New York Times obituary quotes her as saying , "  I looked after him like a geisha girl . "  But she never gave up her fun , flirty , single-girl attitude . Throughout it all , she exhibited a carefully lacquered persona , almost painfully thin , perfectly coiffed and manicured , with the occasional nip and tuck to retain her trademark waif-like look . Pretty ugly At the age of 37 , Phyllis Diller was a harried homemaker and mother of five , who followed her husband 's advice to try her hand at humor writing and performing . Unlike the perfectly polished TV counterparts of her era , such as Harriet Nelson or June Cleaver , Diller presented a more realistic version of marriage and motherhood that had more in common with "  The Munsters " than "  I Love Lucy . " And people loved it . Diller , who passed away Monday at 95 , chose not to represent a prettified version of her life , but rather the outrageous extremes of family . Fictionalized versions of family members in her act included husband Fang , mother-in-law Moby Dick and sister-in-law Captain Bligh . Diller 's exaggerated makeup and wigs and outlandish costumes deliberately disguised her plain , if not beautiful face and womanly curves . In a 2006 interview in TV Guide , Diller talks about posing for Playboy magazine . As the legend goes , the editors hoped her appearance would be played for laughs but were disappointed to discover that instead of being bony and unattractive , she was simply shaped like a woman . Making up In a previous incarnation , I worked as a celebrity makeup artist and , among other things , worked with various Cosmo cover girls . They all seemed impossibly tall , aloof and preternaturally beautiful . I remember blushing to the roots of my hair at my first shoot after being singled out by Gurley Brown , who complimented my beautiful skin . Helen Gurley Brown 's complicated feminist legacy In 2006 , I was called out of cosmetic retirement to do the makeup for the cover of a now-defunct literary magazine celebrating female writers and editors . I was delighted to see Gurley Brown , clad in her signature fire engine red suit and fishnets . At 84 , she was frailer than I remembered , but still sizzling . I reminded her of our previous interactions and she looked at me and said , "  That 's well and good , and you still look pretty , but what have you done since then ? " I was struck by the fact that a woman who had built an empire atop the cult of female perfection did n't think that looking pretty was enough . Pretty powerful pioneers Both Helen Gurley Brown and Phyllis Diller created idealized versions of themselves to sell their products . Both were groundbreaking thinkers , businesswomen and performers . In one way or another , both used their faces and bodies as their calling cards . Remembering Phyllis Diller Gurley Brown paved the way for women like Jane Pratt to create careers and publications that celebrated the multi-faceted modern woman . She also made room for magazines including Bust and Bitch or websites like Jezebel that thumb their nose at everything she 'd worked for and stood for . Diller opened the door for comedians like Carol Burnett to ridicule the classic feminine ideal  see Burnett 's riotous Scarlett O'Hara bit  , and for Roseanne Barr to lead a sitcom as the anti-mom in looks , shape and demeanor . More than that , she led the way for traditionally feminine-looking , yet frequently foul-mouthed comedians including Sarah Silverman and Chelsea Handler to be outrageous while remaining attractive . Gurley Brown and Diller were tough and successful and lived life by their own rules . They were two sides of a coin that paid the dues for women in today 's media landscape . Share your favorite memories of Helen Gurley Brown and Phyllis Diller in the comments section below .	Helen Gurley Brown and Phyllis Diller , who died recently , were media groundbreakers Both Gurley Brown and Diller came into professional success later in life The women used their looks , in disparate ways , to gain public attention
CNN  -- The increasingly convoluted scandal that led to the resignation of CIA Director David Petraeus has become an endless source of speculation , drama and surprising turns of events . There is much we do n't know , but a few important facts have emerged with sharp clarity . It 's not too early to learn the first few lessons from this continuing saga , which promises to deliver many more for weeks , probably months . Here is some of what we have learned -- and relearned -- so far : 1 . Powerful men , no matter how brilliant and accomplished , can suffer from a form of temporary insanity caused by the interaction of arrogance and libido . Sadly , this is a lesson we see repeated time and time again , across national borders , destroying promising careers and even changing the course of history . Nothing , it seems , not even the highest IQs , the most exclusive security clearances , or the tangible risk of losing it all for the sake of a tryst will stop certain men from pursuing an illicit relationship . Yes , powerful women do it too , but the cases are rare . On the other hand , the parade of men who have destroyed or very nearly killed their careers and their personal lives is endless . News : The Petraeus scandal -- what we know so far Gen. Petraeus , the most celebrated military officer of his generation , is the most recent addition to the list . We still do n't know what 's behind tens of thousands of pages of e-mails Gen. John Allen allegedly exchanged with a woman involved in the Petraeus scandal , and there 's the curious case of the FBI agent who reportedly sent shirtless pictures of himself to that same woman . We ca n't say yet which of these characters will join the melancholy list that includes John Edwards , Eliot Spitzer , Dominique Strauss-Kahn , Tiger Woods , Mark Sanford , Anthony Weiner , and on and on and on , each with an accompanying cast of heartbroken relatives . And , by the way , when a powerful man pays a high price for his indiscretions , prepare to see efforts to blame it all on the woman . It 's not surprising that the Petraeus case has included countless references to the clothing choices of the general 's girlfriend , as if form-fitting outfits made it all seem logical and understandable . 2 . Anything you write in an e-mail can be used against you . Nothing is private , especially not when it goes through Google  Gmail 's  hands . If America 's top spy , the head of the CIA , can get caught writing secret love letters to his girlfriend on Gmail , nobody 's e-mails are safe . Petraeus and his clandestine girlfriend , Paula Broadwell , took some troubles to keep their illicit correspondence safe . They reportedly relied on a trick used by some al Qaeda operatives . They left messages to each other in the drafts folder of an account , the password to which they both knew , thinking they would remain for their eyes only . But it did n't work . When the FBI came calling , Google opened up its shockingly large files , as it does with shocking regularity . Google knows everything about you , and it frequently shares with those who ask . Google 's own reports say it passed information to authorities in response to 93 percent of government requests in the second half of 2011 . Nothing in Google 's hands is guaranteed to remain private . 3 . The FBI can investigate practically anyone in the U.S. , even the director of Central Intelligence . That 's a stunning notion to contemplate , and it says both good and bad things about America . First the good : No one is above reproach , not even a man whose power is vast and often elaborately concealed . In fact , if you ask the world 's great conspiracy theorists , they will tell you the CIA can do anything , anywhere , at any time . But its boss got found out by his own country 's law enforcement gumshoes . That 's amazing . Score a point for the rule of law in America , but subtract one for privacy and another for the randomness of FBI work . It seems rather strange that the FBI decided to pursue a case of harassing e-mails . I was once personally told by an FBI agent , in no uncertain terms , that the FBI had no time to spend on threats sent over the Internet , even if the messages included a threat to kill . News : Is Petraeus pillow talk a security threat ? 4 . Americans are deeply torn about the question of private morality and the public sphere . There is a nagging sense that the Petraeus case may have cost the United States the service of an uncommonly talented man for no good reason . We do n't know all there is to know , and there is a possibility that this is a matter of compromised national security , in which case the invasion of privacy , the destruction of personal lives , and the painful intrusion into the deepest emotional recesses of several families ' worlds , could ultimately prove justified . Until more is known , the rest of the world is shaking its head at what could be another baffling case of American puritanism . Zakaria : Why Petraeus will be missed Americans , meanwhile , are already trying to work out whether it makes sense to even consider the sexual lives of public officials . There is the none-of-our-business crowd , which I believe is gaining strength , pitted against those who would like to keep aiming for strict ideals of morality , on the argument that personal dishonesty reflects a moral failing that will ultimately takes a toll on the work of a public servant ; that if a man will lie to his wife , he will lie to his country . This is a questionable proposition . In this case , with Petraeus having achieved such a high level of recognition for his public service , many people seem to almost hope that a genuine national security angle will be found , because it 's too difficult to justify the sacrifice of a talented official , or perhaps more than one , over foolish peccadillos . 5 . A salacious sex scandal will push everything off the top of the rundown or the front page , especially when the most immediate next challenge is the "  fiscal cliff , " a dry and arcane topic that will cause most people to change the channel or turn the page . That 's one reason we know this strange and twisting case , already involving such a complicated and unlikely cast of characters , will continue to garner enormous attention for a long , long time . The least we can hope is to learn some useful lessons . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frida Ghitis .	Frida Ghitis : Petraeus scandal is far from clear , but we 've learned some things anyway She says libido and arrogance continue to make accomplished men do stupid things She says anything you write in an e-mail is not really private ; the FBI can look if it so chooses Ghitis : Americans torn about what 's public , private ; prefer a sex scandal to real issues
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Formula One is about putting on a 90-minute show every other weekend at locations the world over . McLaren 's huge ` brand center ' motorhome dominates the F1 paddock at all European grands prix . But getting that show on the road -- and in the air and on the sea -- is a remarkable feat of well-oiled logistics and organization . With an F1 team clocking up around 100,000 miles  160,000 km  between tests and grands prix , the need to have moving and packing down to a fine art is imperative . "  Once the calendar is released , we sit down with all the different departments , " explained Toyota team manager Richard Cregan . "  We look at the dates for the freight , the dates for the trucks leaving , when we want to have the people there and when we want to have all the equipment there . Then we go away and arrange it . " As F1 moves further away from its European heartland , more races -- such as next week 's title shootout in Sao Paulo , Brazil -- are what are known as ` flyaways . ' They are the responsibility of Formula One Management . Freight company DHL has specialized units in England and Italy to coordinate the transport of cars , equipment and fuel to all F1 tracks around the world by air , sea and land . Around 300 tonnes or 20,000 individual items of F1 material -- from race cars , replacement parts , pit equipment , TV equipment and the furnishings of the VIP Paddock Club -- are moved for each grand prix . Each team is allowed 22-24 tonnes of freight , plus their cars , which is packed in specially designed pods at a UK-based team 's HQ and transferred to Stansted airport by road . Three chartered Boeing 747 freighters then fly to the destination and the next time the team sees its freight is at their allocated garage at the circuit . At the end of the race the process starts again in reverse , with a team packed up by around 10pm . Read more about F1 at The Circuit . If there are two weeks between races , as is the norm , the cars will return to the UK to be painted , re-built and polished . ` Double-headers , ' races that take place only a week apart , rule this movement out -- then getting the cars from one circuit to the next is the sole focus . While last-minute deliveries can be made in under 24 hours , it takes seven weeks for equipment to travel by sea from Europe to Melbourne , Australia for the traditional season curtain-raiser . Cheaper sea freight has become more popular to move bulkier items such as heavy electrical cables . Bridgestone , the grid 's tire supplier , are among those who have increased their shipping in recent years . "  We send about five-and-a-half tonnes by sea and we send this three months in advance of each race , " said Williams race team coordinator Paul Singlehurst . "  It costs around $ 9,000 to send it by sea -- that 's a fraction of the air freight cost . We 've made some huge savings by doing this . " The European races are a little more straightforward . Up to four $ 2m team-liveried articulated lorries are driven to continental grands prix , carrying up to 37 tonnes of equipment each for around 18,600 miles  30,000 km  per year . Three trucks will also go to a two-car test session . They carry all the kit the team needs for the weekend , including the cars , engines , parts , tools , computers and radios . It takes two days to fully load the trucks after cleaning and maintenance checks , using an 80-page checklist . Nothing is left to chance . They leave a week before the next race , get to the circuit late on a Monday and by Thursday , the team 's working area is ready for the drivers . It takes eight hours just to fit out the team 's pit area at the circuit . Motorhomes , the standard of which is set by McLaren 's gargantuan ` brand center ' , also travel to European races . They provide a place for drivers to debrief with their engineers , team members to refuel and corporate guests to be entertained . Renault 's race team includes 15 engineers , 35 mechanics/technicians , 15 ` truckies ' , 11 motorhome/catering personnel , two logistics personnel , 10 marketing and PR staff , three drivers , two managers and two physios . This is why motorhomes supply around 1,250 meals for the team and its guests during a race weekend . "  Obviously our sponsors ' backing is crucial . It 's not just a matter of having their name and logo on the car -- we have a marketing team that helps to service their needs , " added Singlehurst . Occasionally , at places like Turkey , where the traffic between the circuit and downtown Istanbul is horrific , drivers can also spend their nights in the motorhomes . But normally , a fleet of about 20 vehicles is required to ferry team personnel between their hotel -- block-booked months in advance -- and racetrack all weekend . As far as Cregan is concerned , how a team performs during a race weekend can be influenced by its logistical set-up . "  Quite often you have very long days , you have people working late into the evening and it 's an important part of our responsibility to create the atmosphere for people to be able do their job , " he added . It takes a Herculean effort and millions of dollars to make sure 20 cars circulate for 90 minutes every two weeks . But you would never know it .	F1 uses air , sea and land to transport huge amounts of freight to each race Teams must meticulously coordinate their shipping plans each season Team trucks carrying cars and equipment cover almost 19,000 miles per year
WIRED  -- HP has at last revealed its long-awaited Slate , an 8.9-inch tablet with capacitive multi-touch and running Windows 7 . The Slate , you will remember , was proudly touted by Microsoft 's Steve Ballmer as an iPad killer , back before the iPad even existed . So is this an iPad competitor ? No freakin ' way . The HP Slate 500 Tablet PC is just that , a PC . It runs on a 1.86 GHz Intel Atom Z540 processor , has 2GB RAM and a 64GB SSD , along with a Broadcom accelerator for 1080p video , a USB port , HDMI-out , a hardware Ctrl-Alt-Delete switch , a button to activate the on-screen keyboard and a pair of cameras , one on the back for photos and one on the front for Skyping . It also has , somewhat unbelievably , a slide-out Windows license . That 's right . Apparently any machine with Windows pre-installed needs to show the license info and HP , in order to keep the rear design clean , opted to add a slide-out plastic bar to display it . Oh , it is also Wi-Fi only : There 's no 3G radio . There is one nice touch : the screen includes a Wacom digitizer so you can use a stylus to take notes on screen . There is nowhere to store the stylus , though , so you 'll lose it soon enough . Clearly , the Slate is to full-featured tablet PCs as a netbook is to a proper notebook : a scaled back , underpowered portable with a too-small screen , running an OS designed for the desktop , not a touch-operated device . HP has tried to justify the ridiculous price with a disclaimer in its press release , which says it is "  designed specifically for business . " The problem is , businesses are already buying the iPad , which is designed just to be good . We 're certainly looking forward to seeing some proper rivals to the iPad , with ten-inch screens running an OS designed for touch . The HP Slate , a netbook with the keyboard missing , ai n't it . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	HP reveals 8.9-inch tablet with capacitive multi-touch and that runs Windows 7 HP Slate 500 Tablet PC is just that , a PC Slate is also Wi-Fi only : There 's no 3G radio HP justifying price by saying it 's designed for business purposes
Washington  CNN  -- The U.S. Air Force began grounding a third of its fighter jet fleet on Tuesday because of forced spending cuts , one of the most prominent consequences so far of government-wide austerity that began in March . Dozens of units in the United States , Europe and the Pacific ultimately will stand down , according to a statement from Gen. Mike Hostage , the commander of the Air Force 's Air Combat Command . The move involving jets assigned to fighter , bomber , airborne warning and other squads aims to ensure that remaining units can maintain sufficient readiness through the remainder of the fiscal year , which ends September 30 . The cuts impact operations and maintenance , which must be implemented in part by flying approximately 45,000 fewer training hours through that period . Budget cuts ground Blue Angels , Thunderbirds "  We must implement a tiered readiness concept where only the units preparing to deploy in support of major operations like Afghanistan are fully mission capable . Units will stand down on a rotating basis so our limited resources can be focused on fulfilling critical missions , " Hostage said . "  The current situation means we 're accepting the risk that combat air power may not be ready to respond immediately to new contingencies as they occur , " he said . The Pentagon is expected to absorb about half of the $ 85 billion in sweeping budget cuts , called sequester , that resulted from the inability of Congress to reach a deal on deficit reduction . The Defense Department had warned the cuts could threaten readiness . It is also expected to furlough civilian employees and cut contracts to meet the budget target . Separately , the Navy on Tuesday announced it was canceling all the air shows its Blue Angels Flight Demonstration Squadron had scheduled for the rest of the year . The Navy action follows the Air Force 's April 1 announcement that its Thunderbirds team would not perform again this year . Some units currently deployed , including A-10s , B-1s , F-16s and F-22s , will stand down after they return from their deployments . Others were grounded on Tuesday . The action will also impact certain Air Force Reserve and Air National Guard A-10 and F-16 squadrons . "  We 're entering uncharted territory in terms of how we 've had to take this year 's cuts and make adjustments to mitigate the most serious impacts , " Hostage said . "  Remaining as mission-ready as possible for combatant commanders is our priority , and we 're prioritizing spending to ensure this imperative is met . " Units that stop flying will shift their emphasis to ground training . They will use flight simulators to the extent possible within existing contracts , and conduct academic training to maintain basic skills and knowledge of their aircraft . Gloria Borger : Crunch time for Obama and Washington Federal public defenders hit hard by budget cuts Government pursuing cheats despite spending cuts	Air Force begins grounding a third of its fighter jet fleet Units in the United States , Europe and the Pacific will stand down Pentagon expected to absorb about half of the $ 85 billion in forced government cuts Air Force , Navy also ground Blue Angels and Thunderbird air shows
Oprah.com  -- In 1999 , I moved with my wife and 8-month-old daughter from New York to Berlin . I 'd been given an apartment to live in and a small stipend to survive on , compliments of the Berliner Knstlerprogramm , which has been bringing foreign artists to the city since 1961 . Among the things I 'd packed in my large suitcase was the unfinished manuscript of "  Middlesex . " The fellowship had come at a fortunate time . Our landlord , a mean old man who owned the brownstone we lived in  hi there , Doug , still living alone ?  was kicking us out for the offense of having a kid . We had nowhere else to go and little money in the bank . My book , which I 'd been working on for a number of years already , was far from finished , and the more I tried to put on an appearance of painstaking , Flaubertian calm , the more my inner self began to betray me . The shakes I had at my desk could not be entirely blamed on the massive amounts of caffeine I was imbibing . Moving to Berlin solved all these problems . We had a nice two-bedroom apartment in the sleepy neighborhood of Wilmersdorf . My wife and I slept in one bedroom , I worked in the other , and we converted the surprisingly spacious broom closet into a nursery for our daughter . Vladimir Nabokov , it turned out , had lived in Wilmersdorf during the 1920s . A building one block from us had a historical marker indicating that Albert Einstein had rented an apartment there , too . Good neighbors . Oprah.com : 7 gifts from the universe that everybody gets When you 're writing a book , not going outside much during the day , time tends to blur . Though I liked Berlin and enjoyed the anonymity of living in a foreign city where nobody cared if I ever finished my book or not , my reprieve from literary anxiety was only temporary . At some point during our first or second year in Berlin , the physical symptoms I 'd been suffering back in Brooklyn -- a constriction in my chest , as though a corset were being tightened over my ribcage -- returned . I grew irritable . More than usual , I mean . Sometimes when we were out bike riding , or pushing our daughter 's stroller through the aisles of KaDeWe , the big department store in West Berlin , hoping she 'd fall asleep so we could eat , I became paranoid that we 'd left the gas stove on at home . Fearing that my computer and manuscript would go up in the blaze , I made us race home , unjustifiably furious with my wife the entire way , only to find the burner off and the apartment intact . Shut up in my office all day , coming out to stand on the balcony and stare moodily down at the wet leaves on the pavement , at night either self-absorbed and silent or trying to loosen myself up with multiple glasses of German beer -- that 's what I was like at the time . That 's what I was like to live with . And then , one night , I had a dream . I know dreams are boring , but bear with me . This one was special . Plus , it 's short . All that happened in the dream was that an owl , descended out of nowhere , seized me in its talons and blew into my mouth a single breath tasting of blood . That 's it . The dream lasted no more than four or five seconds . But it was one of those dreams that seems somehow more real than a typical dream , as if it were playing out at a level just below my conscious mind , or as if it originated not from my mind at all but from a source outside of me . The owl , by the way , was gigantic . And not particularly realistic . In fact , the bird was stylized in the manner of a Klimt , with lozenges of color running up and down its wings and over its breast , and a large helmeted ceremonial head . Its eyes were fierce , omnipotent , bright yellow . It fixed these eyes on mine . When the owl lowered its beak to my lips , I opened my mouth . And then the owl exhaled one long forceful breath . With a whooshing sound , my lungs inflated . This inspiration had a taste : the mineral , meaty flavor of a predatory diet . I awoke from this dream feeling that a message had been delivered to me . The great Owl in the Sky had taken a personal interest in me and my book . The owl had come to give me the power to write it . Oprah.com : Page-turners you 'll tear through Did I believe this ? In my half-awake state , I did . The dream put me in such a good mood that I did n't want to debunk it , even as I came to full alertness . At breakfast , I described it to my wife in detail . Later that same morning , when my German publisher arrived to take us to a local flea market , I described the dream to him . As we walked to the flea market , the sun was shining . I was nattering on my about my dream , saying that it was "  prophetic . " My publisher responded , "  Well , I hope you are right about this dream because it would be very good , Eugenides , if you finished your book soon . " By this time we were entering the flea market . I looked up at the first table we came to and stopped in my tracks . Arrayed on the table were a few hundred owl figurines . There were wooden owls , metal owls , owls carved from stone and jade , owls made of colored glass , owl bookends , owl ashtrays and owl lamp stands . The German guy who ran the stand must have thought it was his lucky day . Here was this American , who did n't even know the German world for owl , suddenly buying up much of his stock . I got about 15 different owls that morning . Ever since that day , with increasing discrimination , I 've hunted for owl-themed merchandise at any secondhand store I happen into . For Christmases and birthdays , my wife and daughter invariably give me something owl-related . I have owl cuff links , an owl tiepin and a wonderfully informative book by Desmond Morris titled , simply , Owl . From the shelves of the room I 'm writing this in , these owls stare down at me . I keep them around to remind myself of the dream . Of course , there 's a perfectly rational explanation for all of this . I was in the middle of writing a long and difficult book when I had my dream . My unconscious , processing the anxiety of my waking life , sent me the owl as a kind of psychic Zoloft . The owl is sacred to Athena , goddess of wisdom . Traditionally , the owl represents vigilance , knowledge and sagacity . Morris tells us that , for the ancient Greeks , the appearance of an owl was a good omen . Oprah.com : Why the best way to get creative is to make some rules Likewise , my happening upon all those flea-market owls is n't that remarkable . As I 've since learned from my collecting habit , there are always owl figurines for sale at flea markets . I 'd just never noticed them before . That 's how coincidence works : The signs from God people are always claiming to find are really a function of their own brain 's selecting , from the myriad objects in the world , those that cohere to the story they 're telling themselves . All right . But explain this to me . We now jump forward 10 years . I 'm living in Princeton , New Jersey , writing the last chapters of my recent novel "  The Marriage Plot . " It 's winter , and my editor has given me until the end of the year to hand the book in . Working day and night , I soon reach a state of anxiety at least as great as the one I suffered in Berlin . In this predicament , lying in bed late one night , sleepless with worry , I hear what sounds like an owl outside my bedroom window . An owl , hooting . Of course I think I 'm imagining it . It 's probably some other kind of bird , or not a bird at all . But the next night , it returns . Then a week later . Next , a few days after that . Finally , I go on YouTube , type "  hooting owls " and am rewarded with a video of an owl that sounds exactly like the one I 'm listening to in the darkness . A great horned owl . Indigenous to New Jersey . It 's real . And it 's right outside my bedroom window . Oprah.com : The best new books of October 2012 For two straight months , as I finished "  The Marriage Plot , " the owl visited me . As soon as I handed in the book , the owl vanished , so far for good . Did I believe Athena sent it ? No . Still , it was n't a dream owl this time but a living one , and lying in bed at night , listening to its cry in the frigid air , I could n't help feeling encouraged , feeling that the owl was on my side . In the end , whether my owls came from my unconscious , at the prompting of the universe , or due to a migratory pattern does n't matter . What matters is that the experience -- both of my dream owl and the living one outside my window -- arrived at the point I needed it , and helped me persevere . In the midst of my skeptical , cynical , often pessimistic nature exists a slender capacity to believe , if only temporarily , in a guiding , unseen power , and whenever this happens , I go with it . That 's what inspiration is . You do n't get it from the gods . You make it . The owl at my window was just a bird , after all , trying to get through the winter . The owl in my dream was my own creation . It was me , breathing into myself , in order to breathe out again in a flow of words . Oprah.com : 12 pieces of advice from the world 's best writers Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM &  2011 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	One writer 's experience with dreams and totem animals cures his anxiety Jefferey Eugenides just happened to be buoyed by owl imagery during writer 's block Ultimately , whether or not the owls were divine messengers , Eugenides found them inspiring
CNN  -- Twenty years ago , singer/songwriter Cassandra Wilson signed a lucrative recording deal with Blue Note Records and subsequently released her seminal recording "  Blue Light 'til Dawn . " The critically acclaimed work led Time magazine to proclaim her "  America 's Best Singer . " "  I was shocked because I 've always thought Aretha Franklin was America 's best singer , " the two-time Grammy winner recently told CNN from her home in Jackson , Mississippi . "  Now if I was to vote on that , I would still say it 's Aretha Franklin . " As modest as she 's being , the blond , dreadlock-coiffed song stylist is , indeed , in a league of her own . Nine albums  seven solo studio recordings  by Wilson have been released on the storied record label since then , she 's remained an in-demand concert headliner globally , and she shares in the Pulitzer Prize-winning glory of fellow Delta native and jazz great Wynton Marsalis for the 1997 jazz oratorio "  Blood On The Fields . " But that was then and this is now . Shortly after releasing her 2010 opus , "  Silver Pony , " Wilson and her longtime label parted ways . This week her latest , "  Another Country " -- a guitar-laden collection of music -- was released through her own record label , Ojah Media Group , via eOne . From a creative and business standpoint , it 's quite a departure from what she 's grown accustomed to . "  I 'm sure you 're aware of all the stuff that Blue Note had been going through and switching owners , " Wilson said . "  All of this speculation of what was going to happen , so it was time for me to make that move . " "  I think the independent way is much more flexible , " she added . "  I was lucky to find  eOne honcho  Chuck Mitchell because he 's the same kind of record industry man as  Blue Note 's Chairman Emeritus  Bruce Lundvall . I 've talked at length with Bruce about this decision and he gave me his blessing , he said Chuck was a great guy . And when I sat down and talked with him , I got the same feeling . So I feel very fortunate . " "  Another Country " is not a country/western hybrid in the vein of what Lionel Richie 's "  Tuskegee , " from earlier this year . It literally was recorded in another country -- Italy . "  That was the first time that I recorded in Europe , " Wilson shared . "  We decided that it made sense and that it was cost-effective to record in Italy because I was already over there and just finished up a tour . We were able to do it fairly easily . And we got these apartments on The Piazza della Signoria  in Florence  and we were there for 10 days and it was absolutely exquisite . " The project reunited her with producer Fabrizio Sotti , with whom she worked with on "  Glamoured " 10 years ago . "  What happens with jazz artists is that you always have to keep bringing something new to your audience , you have to keep in touch with your audience and take them along on the journey , because the journey does n't stop until you close your eyes , " Wilson said . The singer takes on the Neapolitan classic "  O Sole Mio , " but makes it clear that she wo n't venture into bold , operatic vocal territory . "  I stay in my lane when it comes to that sort of thing , " she quipped . "  I do n't think I can climb inside of that genre with the authenticity because it 's not a part of my musical DNA . " One new area she is seemingly inclined to is social media . Wilson recently launched her own Twitter account  @reallycassandra  where she informs her thousands of followers about her latest whereabouts and publicly muses with fellow jazz musicians like Dianne Reeves . "  I absolutely love it because it breaks down the barriers between the artists and the audiences , " Wilson said . "  It really brings you close to the people who come to sit down in the clubs . And that 's a good thing . It makes us more easily accessible . It makes understanding of your art and your life more accessible to your audience . " But do n't expect all access to the singer , she said . "  I am very private when it comes to my private life , but the music is for everyone . I do believe the audience have a right to the public Cassandra Wilson , so I tweet away . " She also uses Twitter as a platform to help promote other causes and artists from her hometown of Jackson , Mississippi -- such as her new discovery , a new singer/songwriter named Tawanna Shauntae ' , whom she describes as a "  powerhouse . " The recently opened live-music venue , The Yellow Scarf : A Music Room , in Jackson , converted from a photography studio , has become a showplace for such talent . And Wilson is the owner . "  It feels good because we 're in the process of mentoring and helping other artists in Mississippi to hone their craft and get out there in the marketplace , " she said . Wilson is currently in New York readying an eight-show stint at the famous Blue Note Jazz Club , where she has performed to sold-out audiences in for years . Just there in the spring for a weeklong engagement , now she 's hosting her first album-release party with a string of concerts .	Cassandra Wilson 's new album , "  Another Country , " was released this week The new project is through her own record label , Ojah Media Group The album actually was recorded in another country
