CNN  -- The mortgage settlement agreed to by 49 state attorneys general seems to be yet another stroke of good luck for the banks . Ostensibly , the settlement commits the banks to pay $ 26 billion to the government and homeowners to compensate for improper conduct in the foreclosure process . In the years leading up to the financial crisis of 2007-8 , banks and mortgage companies rushed to provide mortgage loans to homeowners , many of whom were n't capable of shouldering the debt . The mortgages were bundled together and sold as exotic securities to investors . When housing prices stopped rising and homeowners could no longer refinance their way out of bad mortgages , the cycle ended and the financial crisis set in . This also led to an unprecedented wave of foreclosures that continues to this day . If anyone expects this settlement to have a noticeable effect on the housing market , they will be badly disappointed . Clearly , it will help some number of homeowners keep their homes , but the benefit is likely to limited . There are more than 10 million homeowners underwater by an average of more than $ 60,000 . If the banks actually give $ 20 billion in debt relief as a result of this settlement , that would be sufficient to give $ 20,000 to 1 million homeowners . That 's helpful , but little more than a drop in the bucket . The settlement covers a wide range of sins committed by banks and other mortgage lenders . In some cases , it was simply an issue of sloppy paperwork . That may not seem like that big of a deal , but anyone who has taken out a mortgage and had to pay a lawyer several hundred dollars to ensure that the paperwork was in order might not appreciate rules saying that big banks are not bound by the same law . If there 's no evidence of deliberate fraud , banks will be given immunity from responsibility for sloppy paperwork . A second set of sins involved more substantive violations where servicers attached fees improperly or foreclosed without proper notice . The banks treated foreclosure as a mass production operation . In many cases , this might have meant imposing penalties that they did not have a right to impose or push through foreclosures without going through all the necessary steps . The third and most serious issue involved foreclosures where banks could not prove that they owned the property . This may seem farfetched , but there are foreclosure cases in which the bank 's servicer lacked the documentation to show that it in fact owned the property . In some of the famous cases of robo-signing , people were being paid to forge documents to substitute for ones that could not be found . We do n't know whether the number of cases where mortgage servicers could not produce the documentation to establish ownership of the house were few or many . This is an issue that is likely not to be investigated as a result of the settlement . Presumably servicers will at least have to produce proper documentation going forward . While $ 26 billion sounds like a substantial sum , we do n't know at this point how much of this will the banks actually pay . Most of the payment will take the form of modifications and debt write-offs in short sales . There is no easy way to determine how much the banks will pay through this route because we do n't know what debt write-offs they would have done in the absence of the settlement . If the banks are allowed to count every dollar written off as a dollar against the settlement -- as though they would have made no write-offs otherwise -- then it is possible that they wo n't pay a dime for this settlement . We also do n't know how much the banks will pay because most of the write-offs are likely to be on mortgage-backed securities that they are servicing , not on mortgages that they own . This means that they will be paying their penalty with investors ' money . If this is not a legal first , it is certainly unusual to have a settlement where the defendant is able to pay using someone else 's money . It would have been useful if the attorneys general had pushed for a settlement that gave enforceable rights to homeowners facing foreclosure . For example , if they had required servicers to give every foreclosed homeowner the right to stay in their home paying the market rent for five years following a foreclosure , millions of homeowners would have immediately been given housing security they currently lack . And , they could enforce this one themselves rather than relying on the goodwill of the bank or government overseers . But , that does n't seem about to happen given the political power of the banks . It looks like their good luck is continuing . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter Join the conversation on Facebook The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dean Baker .	Banks struck a deal with 49 states to pay $ 26 billion for improper foreclosures Dean Baker : This will help some homeowners , but it wo n't really help the housing market Baker : Settlement will cover a range of sins committed by banks , other mortgage lenders He says banks are let off the hook ; they may not even have to pay the full $ 26 billion
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Military authorities have determined that a NATO airstrike that killed 6 Afghan soldiers Wednesday in eastern Afghanistan was the result of a miscommunication between coalition and national forces . In a joint Afghan National Army  ANA  and International Security Assistance Force  ISAF  statement released Wednesday afternoon , officials said the Afghan soldiers were on a planned patrol in Ghanzi province and had coordinated the location with ISAF officials , however , incorrect location coordinates were shared . "  When an ISAF helicopter patrol came across a group of individuals digging beside the road , in an area that has experienced daily IED detonations and significant casualties , ISAF patrol was cleared to engage the individuals believed to be insurgents , " the statement said . "  Unfortunately , after the engagement , ISAF forces discovered the individuals were ANA soldiers on patrol . " "  This loss of life is tragic , and we offer condolences to all those who lost loved ones , " said Navy Capt. Jane Campbell , ISAF Joint Command spokeswoman , in a statement Wednesday . "  We work extremely hard to coordinate and synchronize our operations , and we deeply regret the loss of lives from our Afghan partners . " Two other Afghan soldiers were wounded in the incident .	The NATO airstrike that killed Afghan soldiers was due to a ` miscommunication , ' officials say 6 Afghan soldiers were killed in a friendly fire airstrike Wednesday ISAF spokeswoman regrets the loss of lives
CNN Student News  -- May 25 , 2010 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Korean Peninsula • Gulf of Mexico • Haiti Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : Haitians getting a helping hand from hoops ? You 're going to see it for yourself in today 's edition of CNN Student News . I 'm Carl Azuz . Game on ! First Up : Korean Tensions AZUZ : North and South Korea do n't get along too well under the best of circumstances . And right now , is not the best of circumstances . South Korea is calling off trade with the North , closing off access to its waters for North Korean ships , and setting up a new military plan with regard to the North . All of this is in response to the sinking of a South Korean warship in March . The South says North Korea fired the torpedo that sank the ship . The North denies that . The U.S. is involved here , too . President Obama ordered military commanders to work with South Korea to prevent any aggression from the North . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is urging North Korea to share what it might know about the sunken ship . Plus , the U.S. and South Korea just announced yesterday that they 're going to run a military exercise together as a direct response to the March incident . North Korea says that it 's considering the situation as the first phase of a war , and that if the South does anything , the North will respond . Stopping the Leak AZUZ : Tension on the rise in Asia . Frustration on the rise in the U.S. over this oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico . Some of you have talked on our blog about your frustrations with the spill . You are not alone . According to a new CNN poll , 76 percent of Americans disapprove of how BP handled the oil spill , and 51 percent of Americans disapprove of how President Obama has handled the spill . That brings up another question : Who should be in charge of the cleanup efforts ? The government says it should be BP . Since the company owns the well , the government argues that BP is responsible for stopping the leak and for the cleanup . But BP says the government has the ultimate control over the efforts in the Gulf . The one thing that both sides seem to agree on is that they 're frustrated -- like you , like all of us -- with the efforts so far . KEN SALAZAR , SECRETARY OF U.S. DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR : I am angry and I am frustrated that BP has been unable to stop this well from leaking and to stop the pollution from spreading . If we find that they 're not doing what they 're supposed to be doing , we 'll push them out of the way appropriately . DOUG SUTTLES , CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER FOR EXPLORATION AND PRODUCTION , BP : I am probably just as frustrated as the secretary is . You know , we 've been at this every day for more than a month now , trying to get this flow stopped and actually trying to fight this thing offshore . So , what I would say is we 're doing everything we can . We 've got the brightest people , the best people , every resource available putting at it . And we 're going to stay at it , despite the frustration , despite the setbacks we have . We wo n't quit until we get this job done . I can promise you that . Impact Your World AZUZ : While BP and the government work to stop the underwater leak , other groups are dealing with the effects of this spill on the surface of the water and on land . And you can help out . Go to the Spotlight section on our home page , CNNStudentNews.com . Click on the "  Impact Your World " link . Find out how you can volunteer to help make a difference . Is this Legit ? TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Is this legit ? You lose consciousness whenever you get a concussion . Not necessarily ! In fact , most people who 've had concussions did n't black out . Head Injuries in Football AZUZ : One thing that every concussion does have in common is that they all temporarily interfere with how your brain works . They can affect things like your memory , speech or reflexes . And anyone who 's had a concussion is more likely to have another one . Most concussions are caused by a hit to the head . It 's part of the reason you hear so much about them so much in sports , especially contact sports like this one . A congressional committee is looking at the long-term impact of these head injuries and how to prevent them . It held a hearing on the issue yesterday . Nolan Harrison , who played for 10 years in the NFL , says that the pressure of the pro game can sometimes work against concerns about concussions . NOLAN HARRISON , RETIRED NFL PLAYER : There was always pressure to get back out on the field . There 's still no parameters in place on the sidelines that you can say , "  OK , this guy has had this type of a hit . We 're going to keep him out for a certain amount of time . " AZUZ : The NFL is trying to tackle the issue of concussions , but it 's also pushing states to look at how younger players can be affected by concussions . One of the lawmakers who 's part of this hearing says it 's important for the pros to set an example . REP. LINDA SANCHEZ ,  D  CALIFORNIA : And what we 've seen with the NFL is , young kids in sports at all levels emulate their favorite players . And if the NFL is n't doing things correctly , it 's , you have very little chance that it will trickle down , you know , to youth sports like it should . So , the NFL really needs to take the lead and really highlight safety . This Day in History ON SCREEN GRAPHIC May 25 , 1787 - The Constitutional Convention begins in Philadelphia May 25 , 1961 - President John F. Kennedy announces goal of sending an American to the moon by the end of the decade May 25 , 1977 - Star Wars opens , taking audiences to "  a galaxy far , far away " Shoutout STAN CASE , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Today 's Shoutout goes out to the students and teachers at Robinswood High School in Bellevue , Washington ! Where is Drake University located ? If you think you know it , shout it out ! Is it in : A  Idaho , B  Illinois , C  Indiana or D  Iowa ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! You 'll find Drake 's campus in Des Moines , Iowa . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Healing Hoops AZUZ : Amy Stephens is no stranger to the basketball court . She played in college , she 's coached for around 20 years , and she 's led Drake 's women 's basketball team to more than a hundred wins . Recently , she took her hoops know-how out of Iowa and down to Haiti . Eric Hanson of affiliate KCCI explains why and what happened when Coach Stephens arrived . BEGIN VIDEO ERIC HANSON , KCCI REPORTER : When your whole world is shaken before age 12 , escapes are simple and rare , especially for girls . You see , boys near the epicenter of Haiti 's earthquake do n't let a flat basketball derail a good time . But girls , their green pigtails stay on the sidelines , until a Division I women 's coach shows up ... . AMY STEPHENS , DRAKE UNIVERSITY BASKETBALL COACH : I might be just as nervous as they are . HANSON : ... And convinces 40 young Haitians to trade their green dresses for Bulldog blue . STEPHENS : Put your arms out in front , and if they can touch someone , they 're too close . HANSON : Even though not one of them can understand a word she 's saying ... STEPHENS : One , two , three -- oh . HANSON : ... Or why in the first 15 minutes of a basketball camp , baskets are n't being shot ... STEPHENS : We 're making the number eight around our legs . HANSON : ... Once ball handling became comedic , the coach used to precision decided she might as well turn them loose ... STEPHENS : OK . Lay-ups . We 're doing right-handed lay-ups . HANSON : ... On the baskets they 'd been eyeing . STEPHENS : Yes . Oh , almost . HANSON : Air balls , there were plenty , until baskets started falling . And when they did , 6th grade girls became 6th grade girls . STEPHENS : That 's the beauty of the age group . It does n't matter if you 're Haitians or Americans . When you get excited and you high five , all of a sudden it really breaks down , it breaks down barriers . ISAAC FILS , HAITIAN COACH : They 're just so happy about playing . They 're playing , so they feel very , very happy . You know ? So , they 're enjoying themselves , you know . HANSON : Suddenly , the boys were the jealous ones . SANDY HATFIELD CLUBB , ATHLETIC DIRECTOR , DRAKE UNIVERSITY : This is a group of girls who , they said , do n't play basketball . HANSON : And the girls burdened with adult-sized problems discovered it 's OK to play . CLUBB : Their joy , their excitement , just to watch them playing . They 're playing just like 5th and 6th graders play . It 's hard to believe , especially when you look behind them and they 're living in these tents and there is rubble from the earthquake . It 's overwhelming . FILS : When they play , they forget about the awful earthquake that happened in Haiti . Sport is very , very , very good for them to make them forget some things like the earthquake . It 's a good thing , you know ? END VIDEO Before We Go AZUZ : It is indeed . Before we go , a little problem-solving question . 33 students in a school band want to play drums . The school only has 6 drums . There 's no money to buy new drums . The answer ? You make the drums yourself ! That 's the solution Mike Hernandez came up with . He 's the music teacher at Cove Road Elementary School in New Jersey dreamed about making drums out of buckets , so that 's what he did . Goodbye AZUZ : All he had to do was drum up some support from the community for his creative solution . You just ca n't beat that with a stick ! You need two of them . I 'm Carl Azuz , keeping time for CNN Student News .	Hear how the U.S. is involved in tension between North and South Korea Consider some of the frustration surrounding efforts to stop an oil leak Find out why a college basketball coach is taking her game to Haiti Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
CNN  -- Huge crowds assembled in Pyongyang on Thursday at a national memorial service for the North Korean leader Kim Jong Il , the second day of state-orchestrated ceremonies to mourn the dictator who died earlier this month . The authoritarian regime used a mixture of somber music , hyperbolic speeches , booming artillery fire and blaring horns to honor the man who oversaw 17 years of despotic rule in the secretive nation . The ceremony took place a day after a funeral procession for Kim spent three hours winding through the snow-laden streets of Pyongyang lined with thousands of wailing mourners . Once again , the regime placed Kim Jong Un , the son and chosen successor of Kim Jong Il , at the center of proceedings , proclaiming him the "  supreme leader " of North Korea -- a fresh indication that the leadership transition is progressing smoothly . The footage broadcast Thursday by North Korean state television showed thick rectangular blocks of people gathered in the snowy expanse of Kim Il Sung Square -- named after Kim Jong Il 's father , the founder of North Korea . Kim Jong Un and other senior members of the regime stood solemnly on a viewing platform overlooking the square . During the ceremony , a string of top officials took to the microphone to praise Kim Jong Il 's life and reinforce Kim Jong Un 's leadership credentials . "  Kim Jong Un is the supreme leader who has inherited Kim Jong Il 's beliefs , leadership , courage and guts , " said Kim Yong Nam , the president of the North Korean parliament . Read about the funeral for Kim Jong Il "  Kim Jong Il 's great achievements will shine forever , " said Kim Ki Nam , a senior official in the powerful Worker 's Party . "  Following our party 's supreme leader , Kim Jong Un , we are converting our sadness to courage and we will achieve great things . " Under Kim Jong Il , the country suffered a devastating famine even as it built up its million-strong army , expanded its arsenal of ballistic missiles and became the world 's eighth declared nuclear power . He died on December 17 , reportedly from a heart attack . News of his death , announced two days later , put the region on edge and set off speculation around the world about the country 's stability and future direction . For the time being , Kim Jong Un appears to be rallying support within the regime , despite his young age -- he is thought to be in his late 20s -- and relative inexperience . After the speeches Thursday , a row of heavy guns fired off a salute . Then , a cacophony of horns and sirens went off , drawing the service -- and the last day of official mourning -- to a close . CNN 's Tim Schwartz contributed to this report .	Artillery fire and blaring horns commemorate Kim Jong Il 's life Speeches at the ceremony proclaim his son Kim Jong Un as ` supreme leader ' The service takes place a day after the elder Kim 's three-hour funeral procession His death earlier this month has created uncertainty about the country 's stability
Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy signed a decree putting into effect his country 's newly approved constitution , the state-run Egynews reported Wednesday . His signature came after Egyptian voters approved the Islamist-backed constitution by what an election official said Tuesday was a nearly 2 to 1 ratio . Read more : Egyptians approve new constitution , unofficial results show During the two rounds of voting , more than 10 million , or 63.8 % , voted in favor , and more than 6 million , or 36.2 % , voted against , Judge Samr Abou El Maaty , head of the High Election Commission , told reporters . The referendum passed with 56.6 % of the vote in the first round on December 15 , when more liberal provinces voted . In the second round of voting , on December 22 , people cast ballots in 17 provinces largely loyal to Morsy and his ruling party -- which backed the constitution . There was a 32.9 % turnout , El Maaty said . Nearly 303,400 votes were excluded because of voting irregularities . Controversy among Egypt 's society and institutions had accompanied the draft constitution since its inception . Read more : Egypt 's VP resigns amid vote over draft constitution Critics said it was passed too quickly . Liberals , Christians and other minority opposition groups said they felt excluded from the Constituent Assembly that drafted it and that the wording did not include their voices . They had sought a new assembly . Opposition members said the charter uses vague language and will not protect the rights Egyptians fought for in last year 's revolution , which ousted former President Hosni Mubarak . Supporters of the constitution herald what they say is its protection of personal rights , especially its provisions on the handling of detainees in the judicial system , which made capricious use of its powers under the former government . The international rights group Human Rights Watch said the constitution "  protects some rights but undermines others . " It "  fails to end military trials of civilians or to protect freedom of expression and religion . " Read more : Protests turn violent in Egypt ahead of vote on constitution The rocky road to the referendum began when judges threatened to shut the assembly tasked with drafting the constitution . Morsy issued an edict in late November declaring his decisions immune from judicial review until the holding of the constitutional referendum . He also sacked the head of the judiciary , many of whose members had remained loyal to Mubarak . The Islamist president 's opposition saw the moves as a grab for dictatorial powers and poured into the streets , converting Tahrir Square in central Cairo back into the center of public discontent it had been during the uprising that brought down Mubarak . In response , Morsy dropped his decree , but the situation remained tense . Violence raged , producing incidents that have raised the ire of international human rights groups , though these were not systematic , as was the case under the former government . Read more : Morsy supporters accused of beating , detaining opponents The outcome of the election is important to the stability of volatile North Africa and the Middle East -- where Egypt is a key player . The U.S. State Department acknowledged divisions within Egypt and said there was a need for a broader consensus behind its new democratic rules . "  Many Egyptians have voiced deep concerns about the substance of the constitution and the constitutional process , " Patrick Ventrell , acting deputy spokesman , said Tuesday in a statement . "  President Morsy , as the democratically elected leader of Egypt , has a special responsibility to move forward in a way that recognizes the urgent need to bridge divisions , build trust and broaden support for the political process . " Egypt needs a strong , inclusive government to meet its many challenges , Ventrell added . Read more : Top Morsy aide : Small , powerful minority behind Egypt 's political upheaval	Morsy signs decree More liberal provinces voted in the first round ; 56.6 % favor the new constitution Critics say it is passed too quickly ; minority groups say they were excluded Human Rights Watch says it "  protects some rights but undermines others "
CNN  -- Nikolay Davydenko made a winning start in his defense of the Qatar Open title with a 6-1 6-4 victory over Italy 's Fabio Fognini on Monday . Davydenko is fourth seed at prestigious ATP Tour season-opener where the star attractions are the world 's top two players Rafael Nadal and Roger Federer , who begin their campaigns later in the week . The Russian , hoping to return to top form after injury blighted his 2010 season , needed just over an hour to dispatch Fognini . He beat two-time Doha champion Federer and Spain 's Nadal on the way to the title last season . But the statistics point to a Federer or Nadal triumph come Saturday . They have been the top two seeds in 66 tournaments , with one or other going on to win the title on 44 occasions . Third seed Jo-Wilfried Tsonga was also a straight sets winner on his debut at the $ 1.024 million tournament . The Frenchman blasted 10 aces as he breezed past Ruben Ramirez Hidalgo 6-2 6-0 . Tsonga only dropped eight points on service and converted five of nine break point opportunities to open his 2011 account in some style . Seventh seed Guillermo Garcia-Lopez of Spain began proceedings with a 6-1 7-6 win over Mikhail Kukushkin of Kazakhstan in just over 90 minutes . In the Chennai Open , there was a shock defeat for reigning champion Marin Cilic of Croatia . Cilic was upset by Japan 's Kei Nishikori 4-6 7-6 6-2 in the first round as he bid for a hat-trick of titles at the Indian tournament .	Nikolay Davydenko beats Fabio Fognini 6-1 6-4 to begin Qatar Open title defense Third seed Jo-Wilfried Tsonga sees off Ruben Ramirez Hidalgo in his opener Rafael Nadal and Roger Federer star attractions at $ 1.024 million tournament Champion Marin Cilic knocked out of the Chennai Open in the first round
CNN  -- Wheeling around the skies above the ferry boats and cargo ships , seagulls are as a familiar sight above the Bosphorus as the commuters and containers on it . Their enduring presence on Istanbul 's busy waterway will soon be further cemented with the construction of a new transport hub designed to look like the seabird in flight . Perched on the western shores of the Bosphorus , the Kabatas Seagull Transportation Hub will enable new and improved connections for ferries , trains , buses and some small ships , says Ali Ulvi Altan , director of major projects for Hakan Kiran Architecture . Infographic : Historic hub where east meets west "  Today this area carries around 60,000 passengers per day ... when -LSB- the hub is completed it will carry -RSB- around 90,000 persons per day by our estimates , " Altan said . The seagull was a natural choice for the design , says Altan , because the bird is the symbol of the Bosphorus . The Istanbul-based architects will be assisted by Dutch engineering company , Royal HaskoningDHV who will be providing geotechnical , environmental and maritime expertise . In addition to its iconic design , the project will incorporate green features such as rainwater collection and a renewable energy facility . Work on the building is due to start next year , Altan says , and should be completed by 2015/16 .	A new seagull-shaped transport hub is to built on the banks of the Bosphorus The new transport center will provide links for ferries , trains , buses and small ships , say developers Project will incorporate green features like rainwater collection and renewable energy Construction due to start next year with station scheduled to open in 2015/16
CNN  -- A droid rolling along in the desert . Stormtroopers leaving a transport vehicle readying for battle . A Sith lord showing off his three-sided lightsaber . Those are the images that make up the first look at "  Star Wars : Episode VII -- The Force Awakens , " which debuted its first teaser trailer Friday . CNNMoney : The business behind ` Star Wars ' To call it the most anticipated teaser of the year is an understatement . Fans have been anxious to get a glimpse at the upcoming "  Star Wars " installment since Monday 's announcement that it would be available in 30 theaters Friday . Then Disney appeared to blink Wednesday , announcing that the trailer would be available on iTunes as well . That led to a bit of a hiccup Friday morning as a stream of fans eager to see the clip appeared to crash iTunes ' site . The highlight of the trailer is definitely the Millennium Falcon . It 's the first time we 've seen it onscreen since 1983 's "  Return of the Jedi , " and it was probably enough to send chills down the spine of many fans . Of course , "  Star Wars " aficionados quickly reacted on Twitter . The movie , directed by J.J. Abrams , opens December 18 , 2015 . Yes , that 's right -- a year from now .	The first trailer for "  Star Wars : Episode VII -- The Force Awakens " arrives To call it the most anticipated teaser of the year is an understatement The trailer debuts in 30 theaters Friday
CNN  -- A fire , a fuel leak , mechanical issues . For a passenger about to board Boeing 's next-generation 787 Dreamliner aircraft , reports of parts of the plane not working properly do n't inspire confidence . After years of manufacturing delays and cost overruns , the state-of-the-art Boeing 787 debuted in 2011 . Yet a string of maintenance issues have put the much-anticipated plane into a less rosy light . On Tuesday , a Japan Airlines flight aborted takeoff from Boston 's Logan International Airport for Tokyo after a pilot on another airplane spotted the 787 leaking fuel . On Monday , a maintenance worker discovered an electrical fire aboard an empty Japan Airlines 787 slated for departure from Logan . In December , a United Airlines 787 traveling from Houston to Newark was diverted to New Orleans after experiencing mechanical problems . Despite the flurry of reports , aviation experts say most new commercial airplanes do encounter problems after their launch . Read more : 7 reasons the 787 Dreamliner is special Every new airplane is going to have these kinds of "  teething problems , " said John Goglia , a former National Transportation Safety Board member and former airline mechanic . The manufacturers usually "  get a handle on it quickly and fix it . " That 's Boeing 's plan . "  There are issues we have seen that we will need to work through and just like any new airplane program we work through those issues and we move on , " said Mike Sinnett , Boeing vice president and chief project engineer for the 787 , during a conference call with reporters on Wednesday . In the 15 months the aircraft has been flying passengers , Sinnett says its on-time departure rating has been "  in the high 90 percents . " That measure is about the same as Boeing 's last major new commercial airplane , the 777 , which was launched in 1995 . "  These are best-in-class airplanes and their performance has been best in class , " he said . "  But we are not happy until we are perfect . " Newer airplanes are safer than ever , Goglia said . "  We are flying more airplanes that have been engineered to be safer , " he said . "  We almost  never  have material failures in airplanes anymore . " Part of the Dreamliner 's appeal to airlines is its increased fuel efficiency due to its construction of lightweight composite materials instead of metal . The interior features larger windows and overhead bins and better ventilation . Problems on other new aircraft The Airbus A380 also had problems when it started flying in 2007 , but aviation expert Janet Bednarek loves to fly it . "  It had cracks in the wing , which would be much more concerning to me " than the 787 reports , said Bednarek , a University of Dayton aviation history professor . "  They figured it out . Pilots want to get to their destination alive as much as anybody so they do n't mess around . " Like the 787 , the Boeing 747 was also a "  game changer " and had a lot of issues when it started flying in 1970 , according to aviation consultant Michael Boyd . "  The engines on the first ones were a leap at the time and had big problems but they got through it , " said Boyd . "  I think the potential and perceived operational advantages of the aircraft are such that airline orders will stick with the 787 through this situation . " The size of the key players in the commercial aircraft game -- Boeing and Airbus -- lend a lot of weight to maintenance issues , said Bednarek , who said she looks forward to flying the 787 . "  What makes this a bigger story is that essentially we have two companies only that make these really big airplanes . "  They dominate the world market so their company is on the line when this happens . They are both 900-pound gorillas . Misfortune for one company might benefit the other . " Situation Room : Go inside Boeing 's new 787 Dreamliner Computers fly the plane As computers do more of the work that pilots used to do , any kind of electrical failure does concern aviation historian David T. Courtwright , author of "  Sky as Frontier : Adventure , Aviation , and Empire . " "  More of the human function of piloting has been transferred to equipment itself . In general , that 's been a great thing for passenger safety , " said Courtwright . "  That 's why any kind of electrical failure in a new piece of equipment is alarming , because there is so much electrically driven . " Courtwright does n't think the 787 's problems will slow down the computerization of flight that 's been going on for more than 30 years . "  Whatever the particular flaws of this aircraft , it 's a setback for Boeing and this design , but it no way indicates a trend away from these kinds of advanced , electronically sophisticated aircraft that essentially fly themselves . " For his part , Boeing engineer Sinnett is concerned , but is "  100 percent convinced " the 787 is safe to fly . "  I 'm concerned about the things that everybody else is concerned about , but there is not a single one of them that stands out as a particular concern from a safety or economic perspective . " CNN 's Jim Barnett and Todd Sperry contributed to this report .	It 's normal for new aircraft to have problems in their first year of flight , experts say Both the Airbus A380 and the Boeing 747 went through growing pains when they were introduced The trend of electronically sophisticated aircraft that essentially fly themselves is likely to continue
CNN  -- Aaron Peirsol was the victim of the biggest shock of the world swimming championships so far when he failed to qualify for the final of the 100 meters backstroke in Rome . Defending world champion Peirsol reflects on missing out on the final of the men 's 100m backstroke . The 26-year-old is the only man to have gone under 52 seconds for the event and is the winner of the last three world titles . The American has also won seven Olympic medals , five of them gold , as well as seven world titles and one silver -- and holds the world records in both the 100m and 200m backstroke . But , lying second at halfway in Monday 's semifinal , Peirsol miscalculated on the second length to find himself in fourth in 53.22 seconds and ninth overall -- missing out on a final place . Peirsol admitted he had made a major error , telling reporters : "  I thought I was going faster . The result has surprised me . "  I am very disappointed ; I completely misjudged my race . I have to go on , pick myself up and focus on my next event . " Five world records were set in the evening session at the Foro Italico , with the first coming in the opening event . Australian Brenton Rickard set a new record in the 100m breaststroke , with two men dipping under Kosuke Kitajima 's old mark . Rickard pipped France 's Hugues Duboscq , who was seventh into the final , in 58.58 to take 0.33 off the old mark . Duboscq also bettered the old record in 58.64 -- with Cameron Van Der Burgh of South Africa third in 58.95 . Eric Shanteau , who competed in the Beijing Olympics despite having been diagnosed with testicular cancer shortly beforehand , was touched out into fourth . The second event then saw Swedish teenager Sarah Sjostrom set her second 100m butterfly world record in 24 hours . Gabriella Silva was 0.71 under world record pace at halfway , with Sjostrom in eighth . Jessicah Schipper then powered down the final length but was overhauled by the 15-year-old in the final meters to touch in 56.06 -- 0.38 inside the mark she set on Sunday . Australian Schipper also went under the old mark in 56.23 to take her second successive world championship silver medal in this event . Ariana Kukors also set another world record in just 24 hours as she took the 200m individual medley title . She lowered her own mark to 2:06.15 , meaning she had taken 2.30 secs off Stephanie Rice 's old mark over two days . Rice was second , matching the American 's record from Sunday , with Hosszu in third . American Rebecca Soni consigned Leisel Jones ' record to history in the semis of the 100m breaststroke , dipping 0.25 inside in 1:04.84 . Jones is not competing in Rome , instead choosing to finish her beauty school studies in Australia .	Aaron Peirsol fails to qualify for the final of the 100 meters backstroke in Rome The defending champion and world record holder only ninth fastest in semifinal Teenager Sarah Sjostrom sets second 100m butterfly world record in 24 hours
CNN  -- The number of uprooted people across the world dropped slightly last year , but new displacement this year in conflict zones like Pakistan , Somalia and Sri Lanka so far "  has already more than offset the decline , " the U.N. refugee agency said Tuesday . Pakistani displaced battle severe winds and dust at Jalozai refugee camp near Peshawar . "  Today , we are seeing a relentless series of internal conflicts that are generating millions of uprooted people , " U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees Antonio Guterres said in a news release . This is one of the main points in Global Trends , an annual report by the U.N. agency on developments regarding refugees , internally displaced people , asylum seekers and stateless people . The number of "  uprooted people worldwide " in 2008 was 42 million , a drop of about 700,000 from 2007 , according to the report . "  In 2009 , we have already seen substantial new displacements , namely in Pakistan , Sri Lanka and Somalia , " Guterres said . "  While some displacements may be short-lived , others can take years and even decades to resolve . We continue to face several longer-term internal displacement situations in places like Colombia , Iraq , the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Somalia . Each of these conflicts has also generated refugees who flee beyond their borders . " The number of refugees and internally displaced people who returned home in 2008 was around 2 million , a decline from 2007 , the report said . Refugee repatriation , which was 604,000 , was down 17 percent . Displaced people 's returns were down by 34 percent at 1.4 million people . "  Traditionally the largest durable solution for refugees , it was the second-lowest repatriation total in 15 years , " the report said . "  The decline in part reflects deteriorating security conditions , namely in Afghanistan and Sudan . " The report listed other statistics and trends in 2008 :	U.N. reports shows slight decline in global refugee numbers to 42 million in 2008 But numbers set to rise in 2009 because of Pakistan , Sri Lanka , Somalia conflicts Pakistan hosted the largest number of refugees in the world at 1.8 million Around 2 million refugees returned home in 2009
CNN  -- All apologies , but here we are now , 17 years after Nirvana 's breakthrough album irreversibly changed music , and the naked baby pictured on its cover is still chasing dollars . Spencer Elden , 17 , recreates his pose from 1991 's Nirvana "  Nevermind " album . Spencer Elden , the underwater infant pursuing a dollar bill on the cover of 1991 's "  Nevermind , " is doing swimmingly these days , having graduated a year early from a Los Angeles-area high school . Being the "  Nirvana baby " -- as Elden calls himself -- has been profitable . Now 17 , Elden says he was paid $ 1,000 to re-enact the famous pool pose for photographers . Compare that to the original shoot , which paid $ 200 . "  Stuff happens like random cool situations where I get paid $ 500 just to go hang out , " Elden said . "  People just call me up and they 're like , ` Hey you 're the Nirvana baby , right ? Well just come and swim in my pool and we 'll give you some money . ' " Read more about Elden and the 1991 photo shoot Not everyone can say their naked baby picture has become part of America 's pop-culture psyche . Like Nirvana , Elden hopes to entertain us . He wants to be an artist or graphic designer . Elden has snagged an internship with street artist Shepard Fairey , creator of the ubiquitous Warhol-esque red , white and blue Barack Obama posters . Fairey heard Elden interviewed on the radio and one thing led to another , said the teen . Random fame has "  been a really good foot in the door , " he said . A Hollywood film role might be in the works , but Elden and his father , who is also a designer and artist , are n't revealing any details . "  Some director 's been calling me and wondering maybe about doing a movie with me as one of the characters in it , " said Elden . "  It sounds like fun . " It 's all very exciting , he said , for a self-described normal teen who spends a lot of time drawing . Really , all he wants is a guest spot on the "  Howard Stern Show . " "  I think it would be fun just to hang out and chill with him for a while , " he said of the XM/Sirius radio host . All the hoopla swirling around Elden proves that Nirvana 's musical contribution stands the test of 17 years as a major milestone in music history . "  Nevermind " has become a pop culture rarity : a specific item widely regarded as a pivotal point in cultural change . The album marks the musical shift from the bouncy , upbeat rhythms and melodies that were popular in the 1980s to the dour and cynical "  grunge " music that audiences widely embraced in the 1990s . iReport : Show us your grunge days and reflect on "  Nevermind " With "  Nevermind , " grunge , as the mainstream press dubbed it , had risen from "  underground alternative " to the global mainstream . iReporter : Nirvana taught me how to play music The triumph blew 1980s-style "  poodle-hair metal " music off the map , wrote Rolling Stone magazine , which in 2003 ranked "  Nevermind " at No. 17 of the 500 greatest albums of all time . Even when the album ascended to the top of the charts , it made its own rebellious statement , dethroning the King of Pop by knocking Michael Jackson 's album "  Dangerous " from Billboard 's No. 1 spot . "  Nevermind " essentially sowed the seeds for music that defined the 1990s , said Tom Moon , author of "  1,000 Recordings to Hear Before You Die . " "  You could argue that whatever American indie alternative rock was , by the time Nirvana came along , it became something different after that . " Front man Kurt Cobain proved himself to be "  a great hooksman , " said Moon , especially with the album 's breakout track "  Smells Like Teen Spirit . " Cobain 's verses "  are sort of atmospheric sometimes " and then "  bust down the door " with an explosive chorus , " Moon said . "  They were n't the first to do this , but Nirvana took it in a much more abrupt direction . It 's exciting and it still works . " That point was echoed last month when Pitchfork Media , a cultural oracle for indie geeks , listed the song among its top 500 tunes "  from punk to the present . " Time magazine chimed in and praised the song 's "  four-chord power sequence that never , ever changes " which , although unique , mixes the rhythm from Boston 's "  More Than a Feeling . " "  If you 'd asked one hundred Sex Pistols/Ramones wannabes how F-B-flat-A-flat resolves , one hundred of them would 've told you it goes to C , duh . Kurt -LSB- Cobain -RSB- knocked the world on its ass by choosing D-flat instead , " wrote Time 's Claire Suddath . Nirvana 's promise was cut short in 1994 by Cobain 's suicide at age 27 in his Seattle , Washington , home . But the band 's success opened the flood gates for flannel-clad , angst-ridden rockers including Pearl Jam , Soundgarden and others . "  It was no accident that Alice in Chains , Screaming Trees and bands like that connected in the wake of what Nirvana did , " said Moon . "  The musical ideas that Nirvana was about were so powerful they could n't help but spread . "	Spencer Elden , featured on Nirvana 's iconic album , is an aspiring artist "  Nirvana baby , " now 17 , trades on his fame and is in talks for a movie role Elden snagged internship with L.A. street artist who created poster for Barack Obama Nirvana 's "  Nevermind " album marked major musical turning point , critics say
CNN  -- Philippines boxing icon Manny Pacquiao 's fellow countrymen were left reeling Monday after their hero 's controversial defeat to American boxer Timothy Bradley in Las Vegas at the weekend . It was his first loss in seven years , and a contentious one as well , especially compared with Pacquiao 's previous defeat in March 2005 , to Mexico 's Erik Morales in a unanimous decision . "  Pacman , " as he is affectionately known by fans , appeared to dominate Bradley during the 12-round match at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas but the judges decided otherwise . Two ruled the fight 115-113 for the American boxer , while the other judge gave the score 115-113 for the Filipino champion . Shock upset in Pacquiao bout "  People were in shock and disbelief , " said Lito Tacujan , sports editor of the Manila-based Philippine Star daily . "  Everybody felt furious with the result . They thought the match result was set up or scripted . " After the scores were announced , most of the crowd in the packed arena booed -- a sentiment that was echoed in Pacquiao 's homeland where streets in towns and cities across the Philippines were deserted as people tuned in to watch the fight at home , in shopping malls , cinemas , parks and even army bases  Pacquiao is a lieutenant colonel in the Philippine Army Reserve Command . In a nation that worships the 33-year-old sports hero cum lawmaker , there were accusations of foul play . "  Rigged , " Congressman Joseph Victor Ejercito , a fellow legislator in the House of Representatives , told the local media . "  It 's obvious that Pacquiao was ahead . I ca n't see how he lost . " Another congressman , Ben Evardone , voiced his displeasure too , saying : "  It is the biggest highway robbery , not only against Manny Pacquiao , but against the Filipino people as well . " Even the Malacanang presidential palace felt compelled to issue a statement in the aftermath of the stunning upset . "  Manny is still our one and only people 's champ , and we are proud of him , " the deputy presidential spokesperson Abigail Valte said in the statement . "  For a lot of people , including myself , Manny won the fight , " Tacuja said . "  He carried the fight well , he put on lots of pressures , he landed more powerful blows than Bradley . He 's trying to be the old Manny . " ` Local hero ' Bradley 's win shocks According to media reports , a Pacquiao-Bradley rematch may happen later this year , possibly in November at a venue to be decided . Tacujan believes the rematch with Bradley will influence whether a much-anticipated showdown between the Filipino boxer , whose retirement is said to be on the horizon , and America 's Floyd Mayweather Jr. , who is serving a three-month jail sentence for a domestic violence conviction in Las Vegas , will happen . "  If Manny can give a knockout or win convincingly with a decisive victory , I think there would be a match between him and Mayweather , " the sports editor said . For now , it seems little has changed in the way his country sees Pacquiao . "  For us , he is still a No. 1 hero , not only in boxing , but in sports too , " Tacujan said . "  He is the best thing that has happened in the Philippines for many years . "	Manny Pacquiao loses his WBO welterweight crown to American Timothy Bradley in Las Vegas Two judges rule the fight 115-113 for American , while the other judge backs the Filipino champion The decision is greeted with a chorus of boos by fans who thought Pacquiao had dominated The two fighters may return to the ring for a rematch later this year , reports say
CNN  -- For the past few weeks my email box has been slowly , inexorably , filling up with Davos invites . A seminar here , a reception there , a late nightcap thrown in . Everyone , it seems , has an event -- and they want you to attend . There are the governments bringing along their hot-shot ministers , with whom you can schmooze over canapes ; the consulting groups holding parties to reveal their latest surveys ; the NGOs seeking attention and coverage for their causes ; the companies screaming "  we 're here , come and meet our CEO ! " Like opportunistic birds pecking juicy flies from the head of a wallowing hippo , they are feeding on the WEF 's ability to attract the world 's biggest political , economic and corporate players . Governments meet corporations ; corporations meet clients ; the press meets everyone . All have a story to tell and an agenda to sell . Allow me to give you a taste of some of this year 's events : one company has invited me to a "  thought provoking breakfast discussion on the future of human capital "  dress code : Business casual ; funny - I was going to wear my ski gear  ; another is offering a session on "  re-defining success in a digital age . " Does n't salary count anymore ? Then of course there is the need to have a USP . One consulting group has tied its Davos invite to a photography exhibition : "  Game changing -- now is the time ! " Everyone wants to be seen to be game changing . There are some obvious winners . The Sochi Nightcap , sponsored by Coke and the Russians , will celebrate the two week countdown to the Winter Olympics in Sochi . Since it 's late -- from 10 'til midnight - and also sponsored by Russian business , I predict with confidence that this will be both full and very lively . Then of course there are the hardy perennials , such as PWC with its Global CEO Survey launch , featuring cocktails . There are some events that you just do n't miss  if , that is , you are lucky enough to be invited  . The informal closed breakfast session with Shimon Peres is always a fascinating chance to hear the 91-year-old president of Israel speak with prescience on world issues . It alone is worth the trip to Davos . Everyone from Martin Sorrell 's WPP to the government of South Africa wants a bit of your time during the Davos week . And all of this is on top of the 88 pages of official panels , seminars and discussions . Crucially , invitations are always described as "  individual and non-transferable " as if there are hordes of interlopers waiting to freeload . To guarantee your place it is not enough to simply be a Davos attendee , you need to be invited to each specific event too . Davos is probably the world 's most elite society , but it dresses itself up as a non-elite event . Do n't be fooled . You must wear a specially coloured badge , which shrieks your status to others . There are events to which you may be granted admission or be barred from joining . Even the hotel that you are allocated speaks volumes  please WEF , some will beg , do n't put me in Klosters this year ... pretty please !  . But there is one meeting place for everyone at Davos , where status goes out of the window , and who you are matters less than if you can pay for the ridiculously priced drinks : the Piano Bar . Late , very late at night , they pack them in with bone crushing disregard for comfort . Everyone from interns and volunteers , to CEOs and government leaders - the lot . Drunken singing and high jinks ensue . This is a truly Swiss experience because the Piano Bar is neutral territory . It does n't matter how you got to Davos , or why you are there ; once you 're in the Piano Bar all that matters is that you drink , sing and make merry . Then the early hour arrives , and the chance for a couple of hours ' sleep , before it 's time to attend that morning breakfast discussion , redefining something or other . You will only wish you could remember what . Read more : All you need to know to be a Davos delegate Davos 2014 : Complete coverage	Richard Quest heads to Davos , where everyone , it seems , has an event they want him to attend Among the guests are the world 's biggest political , economic and corporate players Governments meet corporations ; corporations meet clients and the press meet everyone
CNN  -- Katt Williams announced the end of his stand-up comedy career Monday , a day after a bizarre incident in Seattle that landed him in jail . "  I 'm just going to go ahead and announce my retirement from stand-up , " he told a photographer for Seattle TV station KOMO Monday night . "  I 'm kinda done . " Williams was in Seattle to perform over the weekend , but his allegedly aggressive behavior at a Seattle bar and an odd exchange with police ended with him in the King County , Washington , jail Sunday on charges of assault , harassment and obstruction . He was released on bond Monday morning , a jail official said . He was also involved in incidents in Sacramento and Oakland during comedy tour stops in California in the past month . KOMO aired an interview with Williams that is said was recorded on a street after he was ejected from a south Lake Union hotel Monday evening . Police detail Katt Williams ' bizarre behavior "  I 've already discussed it with my kids , " Williams said . "  I was n't really going to do it on a Seattle street . I was going to Los Angeles and do it in the offices of ICM or LiveNation . " ICM is a talent agency , and LiveNation is a concert promotion company . Williams told the station he would remain in Seattle until a Thursday court date on the criminal charges and while he files a lawsuit against the city "  for this $ 50 million that I want for crippling my reputation as a father and a black man and as a taxpaying citizen and as a person who is not a convicted felon . " Williams "  exchanged words with patrons in the bar , brandished a pool cue at a bar manager and refused to leave the business , " and later refused to show identification to a police officer who had been called to the scene , a Seattle police news release said . Officer Michael Virgilio wrote in the arrest report that the World Sports Bar manager told him Williams had returned to the bar Sunday after being involved in a dispute with a customer the night before . "  I suppose you 're going to ask me to take my hands out of my pockets , huh ? " Williams said to Virgilio , according to the report . Williams refused to give his name or show an ID , but "  yelled out a  California  driver 's license number , " the officer wrote . When Virgilio warned he would arrest him for obstruction unless he produced an ID , Williams said "  no . " The comedian then turned around and placed his hands behind his back "  on his own accord , " the arrest report said . "  Two of Williams ' associates were standing nearby and were pleading for Williams to calm down , " the officer wrote . While being handcuffed and searched , Williams "  made several comments about how he was going to sue the department , " the report said . "  He stated he had been arrested over 30 times in the last few months and every time he was released prior to being booked into jail , " Virgilio wrote . "  He made comments regarding my employment with the city of Seattle and how it would end as a result of his arrest . Williams stated he had millions of dollars , and this arrest would not affect him . " After the search turned up Williams ' passport in his pocket , the officer asked why he had n't just handed it over . "  You asked for my driver 's license , " he quoted Williams saying . "  I did n't have it ! " Then , it got worse , the arrest report said . "  Williams became aggressive and resistant and his actions forced me to take him to the ground for a short period of time . He was subsequently placed in the back of my patrol car . " Williams was playing pool in the bar when Sunday 's trouble started , the report said . "  An argument began and quickly escalated . " When the manager tried to separate Williams from the couple with whom he was arguing , Williams yelled at him for "  protecting the customers from the famous guy , " Virgilio wrote . "  Williams picked up a pool stick , raised it up and pointed it at  the manager 's  face , " the report said . "  The manager  continued to state if he had n't stepped back the stick would have hit in the the face . " When the manager asked him to put the stick down , Williams said "  What if I do n't ? " and jabbed the stick toward him again , the report said . "  At one point during the altercation , Williams followed a family outside of the bar where , as the family got into their car , Williams flicked a cigarette through a car window at a woman , striking her just below her eye , " the police news release said . "  Williams also threw a rock at the family 's car . " Virgilio said he would request additional charges against Williams , including reckless endangerment , because the rock hit a window in the family 's car , "  directly next to an 8-year-old girl . " "  Had the glass shattered or the rock had penetrated the window , it could have struck and harmed the 8-year-old victim , " he said . Williams began his career as a stand-up comic , gaining attention in 1999 for comedy club appearances . Television appearances on the BET network led to more success . His 2006 HBO special "  Katt Williams : Pimp Chronicles Pt .1 " raised his profile even higher . He has acted in several movies , including Eddie Murphy 's "  Norbit , " and his voice is featured in several popular cartoons , including "  The Boondocks . " His often raunchy style has drawn comparisons to comedy legend Richard Pryor . CNN 's Jane Caffrey contributed to this report .	Williams tells Seattle TV station KOMO he 's retiring from stand-up comedy Seattle police charge Williams with assault , harassment and obstruction Sunday Williams first gained attention as a stand-up comic in 1999
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A lengthy questionnaire filled out by Judge Sonia Sotomayor was delivered to the Senate Judiciary Committee on Thursday in preparation for Sotomayor 's expected U.S. Supreme Court confirmation hearings this summer . Judge Sonia Sotomayor has delivered her required questionnaire to the Senate Judiciary committee . The questionnaire , required of all federal judicial nominees , covers a range of topics , including a summary of an individual 's net worth and legal career . Sotomayor has assets worth almost $ 1.16 million , including a home valued at almost $ 1 million , according to her responses , which were posted online by the Judiciary Committee . Her financial liabilities total almost $ 420,000 , including a mortgage totaling slightly less than $ 382,000 , she wrote . Asked to list the 10 most significant cases over which she has presided , Sotomayor cited , among other things , her backing of the players ' union in a ruling that ended the 1994-95 Major League Baseball strike . Sotomayor indicated in the questionnaire that she was first contacted by the White House about possibly filling a Supreme Court vacancy on April 27 , four days before Justice David Souter publicly announced his intention to step down . "  I was -LSB- first -RSB- contacted by Gregory Craig , White House counsel ... with respect to the possibility of a future Supreme Court vacancy , " Sotomayor wrote . Since that time , she noted , she has had "  near daily phone calls " with the White House counsel 's office . Sotomayor said she was interviewed over the phone on May 21 by Craig , White House chief of staff Rahm Emanuel , senior presidential adviser David Axelrod and vice presidential chief of staff Ron Klain , among others . She also met with President Obama in person on May 21 , and had a phone interview with Vice President Joe Biden on May 24 . Obama announced her nomination two days later . Sotomayor said she was never asked by anyone to give any assurances or opinions on specific issues pending before the court . The questionnaire was delivered as Sotomayor spent her third day on Capitol Hill , meeting with senators who will ultimately decide whether she will become the first Hispanic to sit on the high court . The Supreme Court nominee was again questioned about her "  wise Latina " comments , made in a 2001 speech that has drawn sharp criticism as racially insensitive . In that speech , Sotomayor said , "  I would hope that a wise Latina woman with the richness of her experience would more often than not reach a better conclusion than a white male who has n't lived that life . " Sen. Susan Collins , R-Maine , questioned Sotomayor about her remarks . "  The judge explained to me that she intended it to be an aspirational moment , " Collins said . "  She assured me that when deciding cases she needs to put aside any personal experiences that might color her decisions and , as she said it , ` the law is the law . ' I was pleased to hear that . " When asked whether the issue had been to put to rest , even though Sotomayor made similar comments in another speech in 1994 , Collins said she was still uncomfortable that the remarks were made by a sitting judge . "  I can understand her explanation that it was intended to be a statement to inspire young people and that it does not reflect how she approaches cases before her , " Collins said . "  But that 's why I want to read more of her cases to make sure that is the case . " Sotomayer 's questionnaire arrived nine days after her nomination -- the fastest completion in recent history , according to the administration . Chief Justice John Roberts ' questionnaire was delivered 13 days after his July 2005 nomination , while Justice Samuel Alito 's was delivered 30 days after Alito was tapped in November 2005 , the White House noted . Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy , D-Vermont , said Sotomayor had advanced the confirmation process with her promptness . He said the Senate should return the favor and quickly schedule hearings to consider her nomination .	NEW : Questionnaire returned on same day Sotomayor addresses Latina remark Judge cites backing of players union in MLB strike as a significant case in her career Questionnaire covers range of topics from summary of net worth to legal career Sonia Sotomayor 's assets worth almost $ 1.16 million , liabilities near $ 420,000
CNN  If fans were looking for a happy ending for  almost  all their favorite characters on Tuesday night 's series finale of "  Parks and Recreation , " they got just what they wanted . As the team planned to go their separate ways , viewers got a look into each character 's future . Donna started a foundation after checking off everything on her bucket list ; Craig found love with Ron 's barber ; Jean-Ralphio went on the run after faking his death ; April and Andy had kids ; Tom wrote a popular book about all his failures ; Gary was mayor of Pawnee for decades before dying on his 100th birthday ; Ron was put in charge of his own national park . And what about Ben and Leslie ? They were both offered the chance to run for governor of Indiana at a party at the Bidens ' home  hello , cameo !  . In this flash-forward , they were reunited with the old gang once more , including Chris and Ann  it felt good to hear Chris say "  literally " again  . Another flash-forward showed that Leslie served two terms as governor  and Gary 's funeral implied that either she or Ben became president  . The narrative device insured that we all knew where their lives ended up and tied it all up with a bow -- though it pretty much eliminated the chance of any kind of reunion . Despite her worries about leaving her friends , Leslie said "  I 'm ready " to face the future as the series signed off  along with a tribute to late producer Harris Wittels  . The show 's finale was widely praised on social media and may someday rank as one of the best finales of all time . Twitter fans were touched and impressed with how it ended up . There was also plenty of discussion on social media about #WafflesAcrossAmerica , as the show frequently had characters gathered at JJ 's Diner , where they would enjoy the breakfast staple .	The hit series ended its run Tuesday night Viewers got a peak into the character 's futures #WafflesAcrossAmerica was a thing
Police in Thailand say an American tried to ship infant body parts to the United States , but the delivery was stopped after a call from the shipping company . The bizarre discovery is not the first time infant remains have been found in Thailand . In 2010 , more than 2,000 illegally aborted fetuses were recovered at a Buddhist temple in Bangkok . Thai police say they received a phone call from a DHL shipping office in Pathum Thani province , on the outskirts of Bangkok , on Saturday . Police say workers there discovered the body parts inside parcel boxes as they were scanning shipments for delivery . The boxes contained an infant skull , internal organs and a few pieces of human skin , police say . Police dispatched a forensics team to retrieve the three boxes , which contained the human parts sealed in plastic bags and preserved in formaldehyde . Police Col. Adisorn Semsawat , chief of Bang Pongpang police station , said , "  We have talked with an American who was trying to send the parcels to the USA , but we could not press any charges on him and we are not quite sure which laws we can apply to him . " Police went on to say that the unidentified American told them that he found the infant body parts at a night flea market and that he had paid about $ 100 for them , though he could not remember where the market is located . Police say they are trying to find the seller . Thai police say they 've been in touch with the U. S. Embassy and that the tourist 's name has not been revealed because he has n't committed any crimes or been formally charged . Infant body parts can be bought on the Thai black market . Some Thais practice black magic and believe that supernatural power comes from infant body parts , if the rites are performed by monks or sorcerers . They believe that having the items provide protection and business success and can ward off bad luck . Police say in 2010 , the smell of decay led investigators to the Phai-nguern Chotinaram temple in central Bangkok , where they discovered more than 2,000 illegally aborted fetuses . Three people were arrested , including two morticians who were charged with hiding bodies .	DHL shipping office in Bangkok called police when body parts found in boxes to be sent to U.S. Packages included an infant skull , internal organs , preserved in formaldehyde , police say Police have talked to American who packed the shipment , but he 's not charged with a crime Infant body parts are used in some magic rituals in Thailand and are sold on black market
Washington  CNN  -- Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich made it official Wednesday : He 's running for president . The Georgia Republican announced via Twitter that he is formally seeking the 2012 GOP presidential nomination . Gingrich is widely viewed as the most serious official Republican candidate so far . "  I 'm announcing my candidacy for president of the United States because I believe we can return America to hope and opportunity , " the former speaker said in a campaign video posted online . "  We Americans are going to have to talk together , to work together , find solutions together , and insist on imposing those solutions on those forces that do n't want to change . " The candidate called for more jobs , a balanced budget and decentralized government . "  There are some people who do n't mind if America becomes a wreck so long as they dominate the wreckage , " Gingrich said . "  But you and I know better . " "  Let 's get together , look reality in the face , tell the truth , make the tough choices and get the job done , " he declared . "  There 's a much better American future ahead . " House Majority Leader Eric Cantor , R-Virginia , said earlier Wednesday that "  the discussion around the presidential race will obviously increase " when Gingrich entered the race for the GOP nomination . "  I think Gingrich has always been an ideas man , and I 'm sure that will provide a lot of positive input to the debate , " Cantor said . Gingrich 's online announcement followed a recent trend by national politicians to make major announcements through the Internet . Barack Obama first announced his selection of Joe Biden as his running mate in 2008 on his campaign website and in a text message to supporters . Then-Sen . Hillary Clinton announced her presidential candidacy in 2007 with the release of a statement and video on her campaign website . Asked about his embracing of technology to make his announcement , Gingrich told Fox News ' Sean Hannity on Wednesday night that "  there are a lot of principles that have n't changed . " He came out swinging against Obama , the "  elite " media and Hollywood . Obama should be ashamed of himself for "  dishonest scare tactics " in comments about Republican approaches to the budget and immigration , Gingrich said , adding he wanted to "  clear away the liberal policies . " The candidate has traveled to key early voting states trying to build a network of support and has met with fundraisers . He has assembled a campaign team and told supporters he aims to raise $ 100 million . During his appearances , the former speaker has pushed a wide array of policy proposals in his bid to lay the foundation of a campaign and prove he is a serious candidate , not just a symbol of the past . "  I expect the American people in the end will be remarkably fair . They 'll render judgment , and they 'll decide whether or not Newt Gingrich is somebody that they think can solve the country 's problems and be the kind of leader they want for this country , " Gingrich told Fox News in March . He has given his audiences a lot of political red meat and has not shied away from controversy . Speaking at the Iowa Faith and Freedom Coalition event in March , he said there is a difference between a majority of Americans and "  the secular socialist people around  President Barack  Obama and the degree to which they do not understand America , can not possibly represent America and can not lead us to success . " Gingrich has an agenda the includes overturning the health care reform bill , eliminating the Environmental Protection Agency , pushing more development of energy sources and advocating tax cuts . "  He is a polarizing figure  who  comes with a fair degree of baggage , " Ford O'Connell , who worked on the 2008 McCain-Palin ticket , told CNN . He said Gingrich has to make himself relevant to the current political climate . "  He does represent the past but has to show why he represents the future , " O'Connell said , adding that he thinks right now Gingrich is having difficulty doing that . "  If he can demonstrate why he is relevant to the future in the current political climate , " O'Connell said , "  the baggage will dissipate . " Some Republican activists not affiliated with a campaign have said Gingrich might not be disciplined enough to focus his ideas to run a successful campaign . Pollster David Winston , who worked with Gingrich during his years in the House , said he can . "  There is n't any question Newt Gingrich is a person with lots of ideas , " Winston told CNN . "  The step for Newt here is to not just merely focus on the future ...  but to  focus on the problems the country is most worried about . " Gingrich told Hannity he is better equipped to be president than when he left office 12 years ago . "  It 's fair to say I am more mature , " he said . "  I have had time to reflect on what worked and what did n't work . " He declined to list who his strongest Republican foe might be , instead saying the focus is on the president . The former House speaker , who converted to Catholicism , the religion of his current wife , has especially reached out to the social conservative wing of the party , a segment critical to success in the key states of Iowa and South Carolina . Many of those activists are skeptical of Gingrich because of his two divorces . "  There 's no question at times of my life , partially driven by how passionately I felt about this country , that I worked far too hard and things happened in my life that were not appropriate , " Gingrich explained to the Christian Broadcasting Network 's David Brody . After the Georgia Republican lost two runs for Congress in the 1970s , his third attempt in 1978 was successful . He was aggressive and rose to the second spot in the House Republican leadership . He was instrumental in helping to craft the 1994 Contract with America , a blueprint that helped the Republicans take control of the House . He was elected speaker but , after a disappointing GOP showing in the House elections in 1998 , he decided to retire in 1999 . He then went about rehabilitating his political career , forming a conservative policy think tank called American Solutions , starting a string of successful businesses and becoming a political commentator . He has an impressive record of fundraising , he has developed a large network of supporters and he has authored almost two dozen books and produced movies on a wide range of topics . Gingrich still has some work to do on his reputation . Forty-four percent of those surveyed in a recent CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll said they had an unfavorable opinion of him , while 30 % said they had a favorable one . That gives him one of the largest unfavorable rankings of the GOP presidential contenders , although it also shows he has high name recognition . When Republicans are asked who they favor for the nomination , 10 % choose Gingrich , tying him with Rep. Ron Paul of Texas but behind Sarah Palin , Mitt Romney , Donald Trump and Mike Huckabee . "  He brings a lot to the debate . But there are a lot of candidates in the process of going through a presidential primary . We 'll sort out the good from the bad , and we 'll end up with a good candidate , " House Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio , said on NBC 's "  Today " show Tuesday regarding a Gingrich candidacy . It has not been all smooth sailing as Gingrich tested the waters . He admitted his advisers flubbed the initial announcement in March that he was exploring a run and starting a website , when expectations were built up that they would announce a more formal step . "  It led to unfortunate confusion , " he told the Des Moines Register . "  I wish we had been a little more structured ... but I do n't take it as a serious problem . " Gingrich also drew some criticism for not giving a coherent critique of the Obama administration 's policy on Libya . He told Fox News on March 7 , when asked what he would do , that he would "  exercise a no-fly zone this evening . " But later , after a no-fly zone was put in place , he said on NBC 's "  Today Show " that "  I would not have intervened . I think there are a lot of other ways to affect  Libyan leader Moammar  Gadhafi . " For his part , Gingrich has denied he flip-flopped , saying he was just commenting on the circumstances as they changed . He posted on his Facebook page : "  President Obama said publicly that ` it 's time for Gadhafi to go . ' Prior to this statement there were options to be indirect and subtle to achieve this result without United States military forces . " "  The president , however , took those options off the table with his public statement , " he continued . "  That 's why during a March 7th Greta van Susteren interview , I asserted that the president should establish a no-fly zone ` this evening . ' " CNN 's Rebecca Stewart and Alan Silverleib contributed to this story .	NEW : Newt Gingrich criticizes President Obama for "  dishonest scare tactics " He has assembled a campaign team and told supporters he aims to raise $ 100 million His agenda includes overturning health care reform and eliminating the EPA Other topics : Pushing more development of energy sources and advocating tax cuts
The Southwest heat wave made June the hottest month on record for Las Vegas , Death Valley , and Needles , California , the National Weather Service said Monday , which added that the high temperatures are not over yet . Forecasters extended the excessive heat warning in place for much of California , Nevada , and parts of Arizona through 11 p.m. on Independence Day , warning of "  dangerously hot temperatures . " Monday saw new record temperatures across the region . Death Valley hit 127 degrees , breaking the old record for the day by two degrees , said Chris Stachelski , a meteorologist with the National Weather Service in Las Vegas . Barstow , California , set a new daily record of 114 , as did Bishop , California , where it reached 109 . The hottest temperatures Monday were near Las Vegas and surrounding Clark County , Stachelski said . Moapa , Nevada , just northeast of Vegas , reached a high of 120 . Five people were treated for heat-related illnesses over the weekend at Lake Mead , just east of Las Vegas , said Christie Vanover , a spokeswoman for the National Park Service . A man was found dead after falling down a ridge at the park , she said , after a visitor reported seeing him wandering in the desert . It 's unclear whether the heat played a role in his death . Finding ways to cool off The heat is causing a surge in business at Big Surf Waterpark in Tempe , Arizona , which saw big crowds over the weekend , said Greg Fresquez at the park 's marketing office . Together with the Independence Day holiday in the middle of the week , the heat is expected to bring in even more visitors in the coming days , he said . Tony Orlowski , manager at Randy 's Restaurant and Ice Cream in Scottsdale , Arizona , said customers all express the same complaint when they come in the door : "  It 's hot out there . " "  We tell them , ` It 's cool in here . Come in and cool off , ' " he said . Orlowski normally recommends a milkshake , a banana split or a couple of scoops of ice cream to take some of the sting out of the summer sun . Before they head out into the furnace , he advises , "  Do n't catch a chill . " It 's not going away Civic and emergency officials throughout the Southwest say if there was ever a time to worry , this would be it . The reason is n't just the oppressive heat that is plaguing the region : It 's the fact it is expected to hang around , and possibly even get worse , over the next few days . "  A very strong ridge of high pressure is centered over much of the western U.S. , " CNN senior meteorologist Dave Hennen said . "  That high pressure causes sinking air , which becomes compressed and warms up and also dries out . This particular high pressure system remains stuck in the West , which has allowed the heat to build last week and through the weekend . " Making emergencies worse More than 100 firefighters were called to a large fire Monday at a commercial building in Sun Valley , north of Los Angeles -- a blaze made worse by the heat , said Brian Humphrey of the Los Angeles City Fire Department . He told CNN affiliate KCAL/KCBS that with a high of 95 in Sun Valley , "  One of the problems we have is not only the heat from the fire , but also the ambient temperature . " The high temperatures northwest of Phoenix are complicating efforts to fight the 8,400-acre Yarnell Hill wildfire . That 's where 19 members of an elite firefighting squad died Sunday when a wind shift and other factors caused the fire to become erratic , said Mike Reichling , Arizona State Forestry Division spokesman . Historically hot The heat wave comes just a couple weeks before the 100th anniversary of what the National Weather Service calls the "  highest reliably recorded air temperature on Earth " -- 134 degrees on July 10 , 1913 , in Death Valley 's Greenland Ranch . The valley is consistently deemed the hottest location in the world because of its depth and shape . It has one of the world 's lowest elevations and also serves as one of the driest locations in North America . Its 11,000-foot surrounding mountain range traps and radiates heat down into it . Heat hurts your insides too Some advice "  The No. 1 thing is to absolutely know your limitations and to stay hydrated by drinking plenty of water , " Chris Stachelski , a meteorologist with the National Weather Service in Las Vegas , advised those trying to cope with the high temperatures . He recommended limiting time outdoors . For those who have to do any strenuous activity outside , he advises doing it in the early morning , evening or simply putting it off until the end of the week when the temperatures are lower . Heat stroke symptoms include hallucinations , chills , confusion and dizziness , along with slurred speech . To protect against heat stress , the CDC advises spending time in air-conditioned places , staying informed of heat warnings and drinking lots of fluids . Do n't forget the pets The same advice goes for dogs , who can quickly develop heat stroke . "  Most of the time people did n't realize , it certainly was not intentional , and they bring them in very quickly when they realize that there is a problem , " Brandi Garcia , a critical care specialist at Emergency Animal Clinic in Gilbert , Arizona , told CNN affiliate KNXV . Just like with their human friends , dogs do best with plenty of water and limited exposure to the high temperatures . Also , asphalt can burn your pet 's paws .	June is the hottest month on record for Las Vegas and Death Valley Five people are treated for heat-related illnesses at Lake Mead High temperatures are making things worse for firefighters Excessive heat warnings will last through Independence Day in some areas
Farsala , Greece  CNN  -- Multicolor blankets and clothes draped over rusty railings serve as a signpost that you 've reached the Roma community on the outskirts of town . Disheveled children squeal as they chase one young girl who is gripping a plastic doll with synthetic blond hair . They jump around chanting : "  We want Maria . " Until last week , these were the knee-high playmates of "  Maria , " the mystery blond child discovered during last week 's police raid on this community . After DNA tests showed they were no relation , the couple who were posing as her parents , Christos Salis and Eleftheria Dimopoulo , were charged with kidnapping . They deny those accusations and say the birth mother was destitute and unable to care for the baby . The police raid , the accusations of kidnapping and the subsequent media coverage has incensed Roma residents at this community in central Greece . The same day our CNN crew pulled up at the gates , we 'd had word that another international TV team had been roughed up by Roma men . Bulgarian woman claims she 's Maria 's mom A lot of Greek and international coverage of the case has been fueled by stereotypes and old wives ' tales , in part portraying the Romas as untrustworthy , thieves and even child snatchers . Press reports even prompted a stiff warning from European human rights watchdog , the Council of Europe . In a written statement it said : " "  Such irresponsible reporting can have tremendous effects on the lives of millions of Roma and fuel already widespread violent anti-Roma movements . "  Although the Roma are no more inclined to criminal behavior than anybody else , media insistence on mentioning ethnicity in news reports gives credence to the myth that Roma are by nature criminals . " On the outer margins of society It was already dusk when we arrived . Before we could even start to try and get the facts of a complex case straight , we had to persuade the Roma to tolerate us , if not welcome us into their community . Even in the best of times , Roma view outsiders with deep distrust . In Greece , they call non-Roma "  balame . " Centuries of persecution , including thousands gassed in Nazi Germany 's death camps , has pushed the Roma to the outer margins of European society . The European Union estimates that of about 12 million Roma spread across Europe , almost 90 % survive below the poverty line . Photo blog : Plight of the Roma Here in Farsala 's Roma community , no one we talked to had regular jobs . Some traveled from town to town selling fruit and vegetables . Others collected scrap metal . Those who had previously picked up farm jobs at harvest time said they were having a tough time because Albanians and Bulgarians were coming in and working for as little as 10 euros a day , way cheaper than the Roma . Resident Argyris Tsakiris conceded some of the youngsters did bend the law as they battled to survive Greece 's economic meltdown . But like his neighbors , he vehemently denied anyone here was involved in serious crime , much less child trafficking . "  People just do n't have enough to eat ; what can they do ? Ten or 15 years ago , this was n't the case . Now they do n't have enough food , and they go crazy , " he said . An invitation to visit a Roma family Before we left the Roma community that evening , we had managed to talk our way into a lunch invitation the next day with his wife , Vassiliki Tsakiris , and part of her extended family , which included four children and nine grandchildren . Argyris had supported them for the past 37 years playing clarinet at weddings and christenings . But amid Greece 's economic meltdown , his bookings were scare . "  What can you do ? It 's a general problem but I can only hope we can get by , " he said . Over lunch , Vassiliki explained to us that she , like most of her neighbors , knew Maria and the couple who cared for her . She rejected any suggestions she had been mistreated . "  It 's a good family . I 've known them for many years ; we practically grew up together . Christos used to sell potatoes and fruit and Eleftheria would come here for coffee and bring the little girl , " she said . Vassiliki said she had never met Maria 's birth mother but understood she was Bulgarian . She recalls Maria came to the camp possibly five years ago . Authorities estimate Maria may be 5 or 6 . Almost as she was speaking , the lunchtime TV news reported the latest on the case . Her daughter Katerina burst into tears and stopped sobbing only long enough to curse what she called "  police and media lies . " "  Maria was raised very well . She used to bring her here nicely dressed . She was n't skinny but well-fed . Eleftheria took more care of her than her own children , " she said . After lunch , we wandered through the narrow alleys that separated the metal , prefabricated huts that made up the community . A short distance away , Maria Kaleas stopped pushing a rickety green cart she used to collect firewood . She , too , had known Maria . "  Maria used to play here with the other children and go to the store with her mum . Maria was not hidden away , " she explained . "  Her real mother gave her away , and Eleftheria was enchanted by Maria 's beauty . She shared the food for her own children with Maria . " Among Greek Roma , a blue-eyed , blond child like Maria is a relative rarity . Those familiar with Roma customs here say having a fair-skinned child is seen as good luck . In fact , Maria and her adoptive parents did not live in the metal huts partly funded by the European Union a decade ago . Their home was a few hundred meters away in a brick and concrete house . Inside a child 's bedroom Initially , Roma who said they were just looking after the house shooed us away and asked us not to film . Later , they recanted and invited us in . They showed us a spacious room they said had been Maria 's bedroom . Stuffed animals were laid out on a pink quilt and a coloring book lay open on the floor . Their intention seemingly was to show Maria had been well cared for , but it also seemed unlikely that Maria would have had a room to herself in a one-bedroom house that was also home to 13 other children . Outside , Marinos Panagiotopoulos , son-in-law of the woman who raised Maria , spoke briefly to us . "  Maria was the most beautiful of babies . Her Bulgarian mother left the girl here and my mother in law raised her . "  She had five children already and could n't raise one more . Originally she left Maria only for a short while but she never came back to get the baby , " he added . A half-hour drive away in the town of Larissa , we found Kostas Katsavos , defense lawyer for the Roma couple . He said relatives of the family were searching for Maria 's biological mother . On Thursday , some of those relatives headed to Bulgaria but could not immediately be contacted by phone . "  From the outset , we have said finding Maria 's mother is the key to this case . We are not afraid of what she has to say , " Katsavos told CNN over coffee at a pavement cafe . Almost as he spoke , Bulgarian police reported they had questioned a Roma couple in central Bulgaria who claimed they were Maria 's biological parents . DNA tests have now been scheduled before the weekend , police say , to see if they can resolve the mystery of who is Maria and whether she was the victim of child traffickers or simple the daughter of parents trapped by poverty .	Roma couple has been charged with kidnapping little blond "  Maria , " who they have raised A crew with CNN visits the Roma community in Greece where Maria was found Roma view outsiders with deep distrust even in the best of times They describe a life of hardship since Greece 's meltdown but say Maria was treated well
CNN  -- Authorities in South Dakota and Nebraska on Friday suspended a search for a missing Nebraska family after a relative told authorities he spoke to his kin and said they are doing well . The Schade family of Creighton , Nebraska , is not missing , a relative says . Law officers still do n't exactly know the location of Matthew Schade of Creighton , Nebraska ; his wife Rowena , and their two children -- a daughter , 11 , and a son , 8 . But authorities think they might be in Nebraska because officials received a tip that a brush truck they suspect the couple stole from a volunteer fire department in South Dakota has been found abandoned in Antelope County , Nebraska . A brush truck is a type of small fire truck . The family was last seen on March 20 in Knox County , where Creighton is located . Knox Sheriff James Janecek said the family had gone missing after an officer went to their house on a domestic abuse complaint . Matthew Schade had been on probation for burglary and is wanted for violation of probation and failure to report a change of address , Antelope County Attorney Michael Long told CNN . Schade 's father , Chet Schade , contacted the Knox sheriff 's office on Thursday afternoon . He confirmed he had spoken with all four family members and said they were alive and well . The Knox County sheriff 's office is urging the couple "  to contact authorities immediately to resolve the situation . " "  They could only help themselves by giving us a call , " Janecek said . Searchers had been searching for the family in South Dakota 's Black Hills until it was determined the couple possibly made their way back to Nebraska . "  The investigation clearly shows the Schade family is no longer in the Black Hills area , " said the sheriff 's office in Pennington County , South Dakota . Investigators think the Schades might have gone camping on U.S. Forest Service property in the Black Hills . Schade had visited the area in the past , and law officers found the family 's Ford Taurus on Tuesday in Silver City , South Dakota . CNN 's Kara Devlin and Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	Law officials says they still do n't know location of family Man 's father says he spoke to all four family members Family 's car found abandoned in South Dakota on Tuesday Sheriff says family went missing after deputy check on domestic abuse complaint
CNN  Ever feel like that laundry pile never gets smaller or the kitchen never stays clean , especially when children are around ? Florida mother Esther Anderson knows the feeling well thanks to 15-month-old Ellia . Whenever she turns her back on a neatly folded stack of clothing or a dust pile it 's only a matter of seconds before Ellia steps in , sending her mother back to square one . Rather than despair , Anderson decided to make light of those moments by turning them into an 1:21 video delighting viewers worldwide . Since being posted on her Facebook page last Wednesday , the video has been viewed more than 68 million times and shared from her page more than two million times . "  I just wanted to show that this is part of life being a mom , " said Anderson , who documents her adventures as a first-time mother on her blog , "  Story of This Life . " "  Babies tear things up and take them apart ; they unravel your life . Something would be wrong if they did n't . You would be a helicopter mom . " The idea for the video began in the laundry room . As Anderson moved clothes from the washer to the dryer Ellia intervened . Anderson fetched her DSLR camera , set it up in front of the machines and went back to work , letting Ellia do her worst as she filmed the results . She repeated the process the next day in the kitchen . As she attempted to sweep the floor and unload the dishwasher , she indulged Ellia 's mischief longer than she normally would for the sake of the camera , and to prove a point : "  At the end of the day you look at your house and it looks like you 've done nothing all day long . " But that 's OK . "  Moms around the world are dealing with the same stuff , " she said . "  I think that 's why the video has been so popular . You do n't have to be American or speak English to know this is what kids do . " And , we love them anyway . Right ?	Video of Esther Anderson 's mischievous daughter was viewed more than 68 million times
CNN  -- Economic inequality is now center stage in the global debate , and the World Economic Forum asserts that this issue is the single biggest risk facing the planet . Yet , amid all the justifiable concern , we may be on the cusp of a "  game-changing " point in history . World Bank research indicates that , for the first time in about 200 years , overall global income inequality  one of the key measures of economic inequality  appears to be going into reverse . This is a cause for optimism , and will be a key topic discussed at the 50th G77 summit of developing nations in Bolivia this weekend . The meeting , which the G77 is co-hosting with China , has the overriding ambition of promoting a "  more equitable world order . " The powerful forces that determine the overall global income landscape are complex and cross-cutting . Chief among them are growing income equality between countries , as the global "  South "  Africa , Latin America , the Middle East and Asia  develops , at the same time that there is increased income inequality within many nations . These opposing mega-trends , like tectonic plates , are pushing against each other . China and India have been key in promoting greater global income inequality between nations . Combining their recent economic growth , and very large collective populations  estimated at more than 2.5 billion people  , both have lifted a massive amount of people out of poverty -- an estimated 600 million between 1981 and 2004 in China alone . This is truly remarkable . And it has helped catalyze what Branko Milanovic , former lead economist of the World Bank 's Research Department , has described as the "  profoundest reshuffle of individual incomes on the global scale since the Industrial Revolution . " But at the same time , there is a more pernicious , countervailing mega-trend : growing income inequality within many countries across both the developed and the developing world . This issue has become increasingly politically important , especially since the international financial crisis in 2008-09 . Taken overall , the interplay of these forces over the past 200 years has resulted in greater global income equality . However , in the period since 2002 , something dramatic may be on the change . There is evidence that the "  positive effect " of growing income equality between countries , driven by the development of the South , is superseding the "  negative effect " of increasing inequality within nations . If true , this would be a momentous moment in world history . As the World Bank itself says , this conclusion is hedged with uncertainty as data sources on income across the world are inevitably incomplete and imperfect . So more evidence , over a longer period , is needed to judge whether the process is real , robust and sustainable . What is certain , however , is that there has been a transformation in the overall fortunes of the South . The most prominent beneficiaries have been a much heralded "  new " middle class -- estimated to be as large as a third of the world 's population -- disproportionately located in key Asian emerging economies like China , India and Indonesia . Also welcome news is World Bank research indicating that much of the bottom third of the global income pyramid has generally benefited too . As in China , many other hundreds of millions of people across the South have transitioned away from absolute poverty . Elites within emerging markets have also tended to prosper . Many of these people are part of the top global 1-5 % of income earners  a group which is otherwise dominated by individuals in developed countries  . This strata , at the very apex of the global income hierarchy , have generally seen their incomes rise massively in recent years . Unfortunately , however , not everyone in the South has shared fully in this rising tide of prosperity . Much of Africa , and some of Latin America , for instance , has generally not benefited nearly as much as Asia , at least to date . A key question on the minds of G77 leaders at this weekend 's summit is whether the development of the South has enough momentum to continue driving forwards a more equitable world order . This will depend on whether the high economic growth of emerging markets persists , and also whether the trend toward rising income inequality within countries can be slowed or arrested . On the former , there is no inevitability to ever-growing income inequality within countries . Growing discontent in many nations means the political and popular will to address this issue is growing , but the debate over what long-term reform agenda is needed divides the left and right . On the latter , the trajectory of the global economy will continue to shift toward the South . However , the remarkable wave of emerging market growth of recent years will decelerate , and the global transformation it has produced -- an economic change of unprecedented speed and scale in world history -- is unlikely to be repeated again . As the G77 meets , the world therefore stands at a historic crossroads , which could potentially see the first sustained period of greater overall global income equality since the Industrial Revolution . But if emerging market growth decelerates faster than anticipated , or income inequality within countries accelerates , this process could go into reverse . If so , the political salience of the inequality agenda could skyrocket yet again across much of the globe .	World 's developing nations to meet at 50th G77 summit in Bolivia this weekend Meeting is aimed at promoting a more equitable world order Andrew Hammond says global income inequality appears to be going into reverse But he warns "  not everyone in the South has shared fully in rising tide of prosperity "
Editor 's note : Ivan Watson is CNN 's correspondent based in Istanbul , Turkey . The Bamiyan Valley is a visually and archaeologically stunning part of Afghanistan . The region hopes to build its tourism industry . CNN  -- Thursday is "  Chinese night " at the Hotel Silk Road in Afghanistan 's Bamiyan province . Hungry guests sip cans of Coke and nonalcoholic beer and pick at a buffet that includes General Tsao 's chicken , egg drop soup and slices of sweet green melon grown in nearby fields . When a vegetarian diner arrives , the hotel 's Japanese owner , Hiromi Yasui , runs back to the kitchen to whip up a dish of spinach , garlic and steamed rice . "  This is the most clean kitchen in Bamiyan , " she boasts in heavily accented English , as she directs her staff of Afghan assistants in fluent Dari . Yasui proudly points to an electric dishwasher , perhaps the only one of its kind in this battle-scarred Afghan province . The Hotel Silk Road has been open for less than two years . The green concrete walls of this compound jar somewhat with the brown , mud brick architecture of Bamiyan Valley . But the hotel is probably the largest foreign private investment in Bamiyan 's fledgling tourism industry since the overthrow of the Taliban eight years ago . See photos of the Bamiyan Province " Aid workers say tourism is one of the greatest economic hopes for reviving this isolated , yet visually -- and archaeologically -- stunning part of Afghanistan , a region that has seen little infrastructure development over the last eight years , even though Bamiyan is one of the safest parts of the country . Tour the Bamiyan Valley 's caves " "  The natural resources and cultural resources here are probably the single best place for economic development to happen , around revitalizing the tourism industry here , " says Bob Thelen , the representative for the Aga Khan Development Network in Bamiyan . The nonprofit organization has been working with the government of New Zealand to distribute $ 1.2 million over a three-year period to develop eco-tourism as an industry in Bamiyan . Bamiyan first attracted widespread international attention in 2001 , when Taliban militants spent weeks blowing up two giant statues of Buddha . For more than 1,500 years , these colossal figures -- one was 53 meters  174 feet  high , the other 35 meters  115 feet  -- stood like sentries overlooking this alpine valley . Today , the massive caves where the Buddhas once stood are huge , empty pockets carved into cliffs that dominate the countryside . Despite the loss of these archaeological treasures , the cave network of monasteries that honeycomb the cliffs , as well as Bamiyan 's breathtaking mountains and alpine lakes , continue to attract a trickle of both Afghan and foreign tourists . Hotel Silk Road owner Yasui spotted Bamiyan 's potential when she first traveled here as a photojournalist in 1996 . "  Before the war , this was a touristic place , " she says . "  More than 7,000 cars a day visited here . " In the '60s and '70s , Afghanistan was a Central Asian stop on the Hippie Trail , a destination favored by hash-smoking Western visitors driving Volkswagen vans . But the Soviet invasion of 1979 plunged the country into a decades-long spiral of conflict . Bamiyan became the site of horrific massacres during the civil war of the 1990s and the subsequent rise of the Taliban . The Taliban 's overthrow in 2001 seemed to open the door to new opportunity . In 2002 , with the help of her Afghan husband and a Japanese investor who fronted hundreds of thousands of dollars , Yasui purchased a plot of land next to a bend in the river that runs through the valley . The couple then spent the next five years building their hotel . "  I like Afghanistan , I like Bamiyan , " Yasui explains . " -LSB- But in the past , -RSB- I did n't want to stay more than three days , because there was no shower , no place to sleep . " Yasui 's hotel opened in 2007 . Rooms cost $ 100 a night , pricing them far out of the range of most Afghans . Guests must remove their shoes at the entrance and wear slippers , in accordance with Yasui 's strict standards of hygiene . "  The furniture has all been imported from Pakistan , " Yasui said . "  I bought the water glasses from the PX -LSB- American military supermarket -RSB- in Kabul . " Yasui is not the only hotelier in Bamiyan . In 2003 , an Afghan businessman named Raziq got a jump-start on the local tourism industry , when he and several partners rented a house on a plateau offering a spectacular view of the Buddha cliffs . The building had been housing American special forces soldiers . Raziq and his partners rechristened it the Roof of Bamiyan Hotel . Raziq , an ethnic Hazara who learned American-accented English catering to foreigners on Kabul 's touristic Chicken Street , says he got his inspiration to open a hotel after he saw female Western backpackers paying to sleep on the floor of a grimy tea shop in Bamiyan 's dusty bazaar . Over the last year , the Afghan government declared Bamiyan 's Band-i-Amir lake , which sits 3,000 meters  9,843 feet  above sea level , the country 's first national park . The New Zealand-funded eco-tourism project , in conjunction with the Aga Khan Foundation , also recently trained 22 young male and female Afghans to be professional tour guides . The three-month course included "  the relevant topics for this area , geology , archaeology , history , hospitality , English , communication skills , " said Thelen , of the Aga Khan Development Network . One of these guides is former Roof of Bamiyan employee Jawad Wafa . Though only 23 years old , this ambitious young Afghan plans to launch a tourism and logistics company , complete with a fleet of rental vehicles and guides . "  The first thing we need to have more tourists in Bamiyan , we need security and peace . The second one is roads , " Wafa says . Eight years after the overthrow of the Taliban , the entire province of Bamiyan has barely 3 kilometers  about 2 miles  of paved roads . Travel here from Kabul requires at least seven hours driving on a bone-jarring dirt track . But even this isolated oasis is feeling the threat of the mounting violence spreading across the country . "  Every time there is a bomb in Kabul , visitors cancel reservations , " says Raziq , operator of the Roof of Bamiyan Hotel . And in recent months , troops from New Zealand have documented a spike in insurgent attacks , mostly along Bamiyan 's border with Baghlan province , a region where Taliban insurgents have grown increasingly active . "  As much as on the one hand you can promote Bamiyan and other pockets throughout Afghanistan as secure and peaceful , there 's always the very real threat of violence , " Thelen said . Tour operators saw a dramatic drop in foreign visitors this summer , due to the uncertainty and violence surrounding the August 20 presidential elections . In fact , the handful of people seen touring the remains of the Buddha statues last week were mostly American aid workers . They were sent by their organizations from less secure parts of Afghanistan , to take temporary shelter within the mountain walls of Bamiyan Valley .	Bamiyan is one of the safest parts of Afghanistan Since the overthrow of the Taliban in 2001 , hotels have opened in the region Colossal Buddha statues destroyed by the Taliban once towered over the valley Stunning terrain and a cave network of monasteries draw tourists
"  We thought we were doing this the right way . It turns out , we made a mistake . " Dave Morin , the CEO and creator of social media app Path , tells me this as we sit in his 22nd-floor headquarters in downtown San Francisco . It 's a mere 24 hours after an independent app developer exploded Morin 's world with a simple blog post that led to a torrent of bad publicity . Arun Thampi of Singapore discovered that Path uploads users ' address book information to Path 's servers . This action is n't in Path 's Terms of Use , and it 's enraged a user community concerned about privacy rights . Some social media companies , including Path , subscribe to a philosophy that says access to your personal data -- if used safely and in the right way -- can only improve your experience . To this extent , address book data is the bread and butter of Path , an app that distinguishes itself as "  the first truly personal network . " "  We do n't want to connect you with just anyone on Path , " Morin says . "  Without the contact list information , some of these features just do n't work . " The address book data , Morin says , is used in only three ways . "  We give you a list of suggested friends to connect with who are already on Path . We notify you when other friends of yours join Path . " And the third reason speaks to the very uniqueness of Path itself -- its "  Friend Rank " algorithm . FriendRank uses data on your phone to determine the most helpful friending suggestions . The feature looks at the interaction you have with friends across platforms , so , in theory , you 'll get the most relevant friend suggestions possible without the chaff that Facebook , for one , may serve up . "  We used the data for the sake of simplicity , " Morin tells me . "  Any time you build a network , you have to help users find their friends . And that entire experience is designed to suggest people who you 're close to . " In other words , it 's the whole point of the app itself . But that 's not an easy sentiment to convey to users who feel their privacy has been violated . Morin told me he wants to take all measures possible -- all explained in a blog post -- to prove to users that Path is serious about privacy . "  We 've deleted the entire collection of user contact information from our servers , " Morin says . "  Unlike some other companies , we believe that users should have complete control over their data . This is just the right thing to do . " Following Tuesday 's privacy kerfuffle , Morin 's company is caught in an existential morass of data and privacy issues . Users are enraged , which is to be expected , but social media software development has blurred the lines between what users want from a social media app , and what users will tolerate in terms of data mining . To what degree can a technology company collect users personal data without facing backlash from the public at large ? What is acceptable , and what is going over the line ? With the rise of Facebook , Twitter and Google + , we 're growing accustomed to handing over our data to social media services , all of which claim the best intentions . The goal , theses services say , is to improve applications , tailoring them to act and react to our personal preferences . Google has countless terabytes of data on its users , and is incorporating this trove of data more and more in the spirit of improving services . Last month , for example , Google rolled out Search plus Your World , a function that incorporates your Google + social network information into simple Google search queries , an attempt to provide the most relevant search results possible . To some degree , companies such as Facebook , Google and Path are forced to push the envelope . The landscape for social applications is nearing full capacity , with little room for copycats that provide no added value outside of what others are doing . "  In social , you have to innovate in information , " Morin says . "  If you have the same thing as everyone else , you 're just not interesting . " Yet on the flip side , social media companies have faced serious privacy concern backlashes in the wake of any major changes . Google users have been chaffed by Search plus Your World -- almost as if they just finally realized just how personal data is that Google has stored on its servers . Facebook , too , has encountered its share of user outrage : It happens nearly every time the company makes a major change in the service . In fact , Facebook was caught doing the exact same thing that Path is currently taking heat for , over two years ago . It 's indicative of a larger issue in today 's technology landscape -- the tension between how much data we 're comfortable giving , and how much data we expect to remain private . And this is where Path got in trouble . Its privacy policy never explicitly pointed out that it would access your contacts , nor does the iOS app prompt users for access to their address book in the first place . But some security researchers say this should n't come as a surprise . "  We 've seen a great many examples of this type of thing in the press , but it 's somewhat commonplace for applications to access user 's personal information without users knowing , " said independent security researcher Ashkan Soltani in an interview . "  Smartphones are small personal computers that people carry along with them . They contain a great amount of personal data including e-mails , contacts , and calendars , yet we blindly download apps from small third-party developers without any due diligence . " And to some degree , Path and other app developers are crippled by Apple 's submission process . "  It 's fundamentally a flaw in the way the platforms are set up , " Soltani says . "  The only data that 's restricted and requires notification as part of the platform is location . Apple is supposed to detect when apps send information to third parties , but it 's still a very subjective thing . Path is a social app , so to some degree , it 's to be expected . " Morin stresses that Path is n't the worst offender in that the data it 's collected is used only for the features Morin outlined . Path has no advertising , so unlike Facebook and Google , no information is used to target and tailor ads to individuals , he says . What 's more , he says , his company 's servers are secured behind a firewall , and Morin and his team are meeting with TRUSTe , a privacy policy certification service , on Wednesday afternoon to discuss Path 's measures in keeping user data safe . Ironically , Path had already been working on changing the way it notifies users of access to the address book . "  We had proactively rolled out an opt-in for this on our Android client a few weeks ago , " Morin says , "  and were literally preparing to roll it out for iOS on Friday . " All of which makes this week 's bad publicity a matter of seriously unfortunate timing . Morin says he hopes his company 's situation will spark a larger conversation about privacy in the industry . "  We 're probably going to have to innovate on how transparent we are , " he says . But , ultimately , Path is in it for the long haul , and hopes to make good with its user base with a swift resolution . "  From the beginning , we 've been working on building a 30-year company here , " Morin tells me . "  And trust takes time . "	Users upset that Path uploads users ' address book information to Path 's servers Without contact info , some of these features just do n't work , CEO says We 're growing accustomed to handing over our data to social media services
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama , Democratic governors and even a Republican Cabinet member on Friday blamed GOP intransigence for the failure so far to reach a deal to avert the harshest impacts of forced spending cuts set to take effect March 1 . The increasingly strong entreaties for Republicans to discuss a middle-ground solution with Obama and Democrats showed White House concern over the impasse , as well as its ability to mount a message campaign during a week that Congress is on break . At issue are $ 85 billion in mandatory across-the-board spending cuts this fiscal year that both sides agree will harm the economy and national security . However , the intractable ideological divide over taxes , spending and the role of government has led to another political showdown in Washington like those that dominated Obama 's first term . The president met with Democratic governors at the White House and later told reporters that the forced spending cuts -- known in Washington jargon as sequestration -- were the "  wrong prescription " for reducing the nation 's chronic deficits and debt . Others were less diplomatic . Vermont Gov. Peter Shumlin called Republicans "  obstructionist , " while Connecticut Gov. Dan Malloy accused GOP legislators of false claims about the issue that he said the news media reported as truth . "  This is craziness , " Malloy said , adding that a lack of leadership among congressional Republicans meant "  there 's nobody to deal with anymore . " Outgoing Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood , the lone Republican in Obama 's Cabinet for now , also called on GOP legislators to fully join the debate . He noted the impending cuts would mean lengthy flight delays and control-tower closures at some small airports as soon as April without a deal . "  I think Republicans need to step up here , " LaHood told reporters at the daily White House briefing , where he appeared with Press Secretary Jay Carney . "  This requires compromise . This requires Republicans stepping forward with some ideas about how to keep essential services of government running at a level that people are accustomed to . " At issue are the forced cuts and how they came about . They were mandated under a 2011 agreement to raise the federal borrowing limit , intended to motivate Congress to negotiate a comprehensive deficit reduction deal rather than face unpopular reductions in military and non-defense spending . Republicans contend the idea came from Obama and continually refer to the cuts as "  the president 's sequester , " while the White House notes GOP leaders also endorsed and voted for the plan before Obama signed it into law . While House Speaker John Boehner and other Republican leaders say they want to replace the forced cuts with other spending reductions that would be less harmful , some GOP legislators contend the across-the-board approach of sequestration is a good start . "  It 's the least we can do , " conservative Sen. Rand Paul , R-Kentucky , said Friday on Fox . "  We have to slow down spending . " For their part , Obama and Democrats continue to push the central theme of last year 's election campaign in calling for a combination of more tax revenue from the wealthy as part of a package that includes spending cuts , rather than what they call a meat cleaver approach . Republicans , however , reject any talk of higher taxes or increased tax revenue after conceding on that issue in the January agreement that raised rates on the nation 's top income earners . They want to shrink the size of government and the spending needed to run it , while Democrats want to strengthen the safety net of federal programs that help the poor , the elderly , the disabled and other vulnerable communities . While both sides accuse the other of refusing to yield , the Democratic voice was more prominent Friday . Obama "  has offered a balanced approach and it is time for  the  Republican Congress to stop playing games with our jobs recovery , to stop playing games with our middle class who struggled long enough  and  finally see some hope , some income growth , some job growth , " Shumlin said . "  We are seeing it in our states . " In an interview on Thursday with the radio program "  Keepin It Real with Al Sharpton , " Obama said GOP opposition to any further tax hikes or ending loopholes to raise more tax revenue was "  the thing that binds their party together at this point . " "  Unfortunately , I think Republicans have been so dug-in on this notion of never raising taxes that it becomes difficult for them to see an obvious answer right in front of them , " the president said . In an opinion piece published Wednesday in the Wall Street Journal , Boehner labeled the spending cuts "  ugly and dangerous , " saying they would diminish resources for the military , law enforcement , border security , aviation safety and other programs . However , the de facto GOP leader on the issue argued that his party 's agreement to higher tax rates for the wealthy ended the discussion on further tax or revenue increases now . The forced spending cuts to the military and other government agencies -- but not entitlement programs that drive chronic federal deficits -- were intended to motivate Congress to come up with a comprehensive deficit-reduction plan sought by both sides . Such an agreement proved impossible in the hyper-political climate of an election year , and the government-wide cuts opposed by both sides now are set to take effect . That would mean $ 85 billion in cuts for the rest of fiscal year 2013 , which ends September 30 , as part of a 10-year total of about $ 1 trillion . A $ 110 billion proposal by Senate Democrats , which is similar to a plan by House Democrats , would replace the forced spending cuts for a year by getting more tax revenue from millionaires , stopping some agriculture subsidies and cutting military spending after the end of combat operations in Afghanistan in 2014 . GOP leaders , meanwhile , seek to blame Obama for the forced spending cuts so that any hardships that result , such as predicted job losses and reductions in economic growth , get attributed to the president . A majority of Americans support an approach that combines spending cuts and some tax increases to reduce federal deficits , according to surveys Thursday by Pew/USA Today and Bloomberg News . However , another poll on Friday showed limited support for reducing specific programs , such as defense , entitlements , education and health care . According to the new Pew Research Center survey , a majority of the public wants to either keep funding the same or increase it for 18 of 19 federal programs mentioned in the poll . The only exception was U.S. aid for people in need around the world , with 49 % of respondents saying such assistance should be increased or kept at current levels while 48 % said it should be decreased . CNN 's Paul Steinhauser and Gregory Wallace contributed to this report .	President Obama calls upcoming forced spending cuts the "  wrong prescription " A GOP Cabinet member urges fellow Republicans to join the debate Republican Sen. Rand Paul calls forced spending cuts "  the least we can do " Without a deal , the cuts begin taking effect on March 1
CNN  -- By the time police officers reached the swimmer floating off a New Zealand beach , it was already too late : a large shark was biting the lifeless body . The attack took place off a popular beach west of Auckland on Wednesday afternoon , police said , as people gathered there to enjoy the summer sunshine . The victim was a man in his 40s . He was swimming 200 meters  220 yards  offshore near Muriwai Beach , about 25 kilometers  15 miles  from central Auckland when the 12-to-14-foot shark struck . "  We saw him rolling around , there was blood everywhere on the water , " Pio Mose , who was fishing nearby , told local broadcaster 3 News . Mose said he believed at least two other sharks had joined in the frenzy around the body after a few minutes . The shark that attacked the swimmer was a great white , according to Russell Clark , a paramedic from the Westpac Rescue Helicopter service , which responded to the emergency at the beach . Police officers and life guards on the scene went out in inflatable boats . When they fired at the shark they saw by the body , it "  rolled over and disappeared , " said Inspector Shawn Rutene . Following the death , police closed the beach and several others nearby . Auckland Council said it expected the area to remain closed for the next few days . Shark attacks kill about 25 people a year worldwide , according to the New Zealand Department of Conservation . However , fatal attacks in the country 's beaches have been rare . There have been fewer than 20 shark attack deaths in more than 175 years in New Zealand , the agency said . Twitter users expressed their condolences to the victim 's family . Others worried about the risk of more attacks . "  Shark attack at Muriwai !! " exclaimed a user named Aaron Jeavons . "  Wo n't be swimming there again ! " Report : Shark attacks up	NEW : "  There was blood everywhere , " an eyewitness says A swimmer in his 40s is attacked about 200 meters offshore , police say Police fire at the shark to get it away from the body The attack took place at Muriwai Beach , west of Auckland
CNN  -- Jeremy Lin , the benchwarmer-turned-star starting point guard for the New York Knicks , has powered his team to eight victories in nine games , and captured the imagination of people around the world . Who could resist this story ? It 's role model , underdog and the unconventional star all rolled into one . A young kid who no one thought could make it in the NBA relentlessly pursued his dream , even if this meant sitting at the end of the bench or being relegated to the farm team . Shuffled between NBA franchises , this Harvard graduate eventually got his chance on one of the biggest stages in professional sports -- Madison Square Garden -- and shined beyond imagination . The "  Linsanity " story , as it is known in New York , thrives because it shatters all stereotypes -- an Ivy Leaguer who can play in the NBA ; a scholar-athlete who is not just a token "  racial diversity " player in a predominantly African-American league ; a devout Christian , who puts God , family and team before himself in the "  all-about-me " world of professional sports ; an Asian-American in the NBA -- until Lin , virtually an oxymoron . In China today , Linsanity also reigns . You ca n't find a Jeremy Lin jersey on emptied store shelves  even fake ones  . There are millions of microblog posts about the New York phenomenon . Many editorialists have claimed Lin as the "  pride of Zhejiang "  Lin 's grandmother 's homeland in China  . Others in politically incorrect terms cite Lin as evidence that "  yellow-skinned " people can excel on the global sports stage if given the chance . Chinese state media extensively reported on "  Linsanity , " or "  Linfengkuang , " hailing Lin as the pride of China . Lin 's performance on the court unintentionally creates a bond between the United States and Chinese people . Can his layups and intricate passing also help to improve U.S.-China relations after leader-in-waiting Xi Jinping 's visit to the United States ? Probably not . First , Lin is a Taiwanese-American , born and raised in Palo Alto , California , which is a bit awkward for China . Some Chinese blog posts have taken shots at their own government by saying that had Lin grown up in China , he would have ended up as an illiterate and mediocre player for the People 's Liberation Army team , or by needling with the question , "  Why is the first Asian point guard in the NBA not a Chinese national ? " Second , the recent red carpet treatment of China 's likely new president , Xi , in the U.S. -- and the absence of any major agreements -- shows that the future of U.S.-China relations will be difficult . Whether it is the economy  demands for China to act as a stakeholder in global economic recovery and trade fairly  , security  demands for transparency on its military buildup  , global affairs  complaints about China 's veto of a U.N. resolution on Syria  , or society  demands for better human rights in China  , the U.S. list of complaints about China is long . Beijing is concerned that the new U.S. "  pivot " to Asia is window dressing for an effort to contain China . And the Chinese government is worried about pathological U.S. overspending  with skyrocketing debts borrowed from the Chinese  . Though they do n't say it in polite company , Beijing 's leaders see U.S. complaints as those of a declining power , looking to block China 's rise rather than finding ways to solve its own internal problems . And here perhaps is Linsanity 's most poignant lesson for U.S.-China relations : China treats well those who succeed , and it politely ignores all others . The recent full-armed embrace of Lin by the Chinese state media -- his Taiwan identity notwithstanding -- is not unlike China 's lauding of another Chinese athlete who struck gold on her own : female tennis star Li Na . This tattooed rebel broke from the Chinese state-backed tennis system in 2008 , seeking to choose her own coaches and tired of having 65 % of her winnings garnished by the government . Termed by the Chinese media as "  Fly Alone , " Li was an embarrassment to the Chinese government -- until she became the first Asian to win the French Open in 2011 . After that , Chinese state media praised her as "  the Empress of French tennis " and the "  pride of China . " What these sports stars teach us about politics is that complaining about China in hopes that it will kowtow to criticism is the wrong formula for U.S.-China relations . Competing and winning is the way to gain China 's respect and cooperation . Linsanity will not tell us any more than this about U.S.-China relations , which is fine . Let 's enjoy this fairytale story while it lasts -- hopefully for Knicks fans , through the NBA playoffs . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter Join the conversation on Facebook The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Victor Cha .	Jeremy Lin 's success has been warmly embraced in China Victor Cha says his gains are n't likely to make a difference in relations between U.S. , China The relationship between the two nations is strained by many issues , he says Cha : Competing and winning is the best way for the U.S. to gain China 's cooperation
If you 're trying to create the perfect 21st-century city , it helps to start with a blank slate . Even if that slate is a sweltering strip of sand . That 's essentially what the government of Qatar and its developers are trying with Lusail , an ambitious planned city on 28 square miles of waterfront desert along the Persian Gulf . Now under construction , the compact city will contain a commercial district , a lagoon , four islands , two marinas , an upscale shopping mall , a hospital , a zoo , two golf courses and housing for some 250,000 people . It also will feature an 86,000-seat soccer stadium , surrounded by a moat , that 's expected to host the final game of the 2022 FIFA World Cup . Residents and visitors will get around via a light-rail network , a water-taxi system and a network of underground pedestrian tunnels . And all the energy , communications and transportation systems will be run with the help of computers from a single command center , making Lusail a "  smart " city that can automatically adapt to changing traffic and weather conditions . "  It 's very much an opportunity to build a vision of the future , " said Barry Hughes , senior vice president at HOK , the global architectural firm that designed Lusail 's Marina Mall shopping center . Funded by the oil-rich Qatari government , Lusail can offer innovative solutions to urban problems because it 's being built from the ground up . For example , the city 's gas , electric and water lines are being laid out in an underground network of tunnels , allowing for maintenance work that wo n't disrupt buildings , roads or people above . The city will be fitted with a network of surveillance cameras , monitored around the clock , to keep streets safe . City of Tomorrow : 15 futuristic buildings Buildings will be cooled by solar power and chilled water pumped through a vast network of pipes , which the city 's developers say is cheaper and more energy efficient than electrical air conditioning . Human waste will be disposed not through sewer lines but a more efficient network of pneumatic , or vacuum tubes , not unlike the ones at your bank 's drive-up window . Related story : Should smart cities be built from scratch ? Some 20,000 workers -- a small city unto itself -- are building Lusail at an estimated cost of $ 45 billion . Developers hope to complete the city by 2019 , three years before Qatar is scheduled to become the first Arab country to host the World Cup . But all the city 's sparkling features will lose some of their luster if soccer 's big global tournament gets moved to another locale . Some activists have been pressuring FIFA , soccer 's international governing body , to reconsider Qatar for a variety of reasons : allegations of bribery , the country 's condemnation of homosexuality and the blistering summer heat , which can reach 120 degrees Fahrenheit . There also have been allegations that Qatar has used slave labor -- mostly migrant workers from Nepal -- to build Lusail 's infrastructure . A report last year by the Guardian , the UK newspaper , said at least 44 construction workers had died of heart attacks and other ailments in a two-month period of 2013 amid grueling conditions . The state-run Lusail Real Estate Development Company , which is spearheading construction of the city , has said it 's "  extremely concerned " about the slave-labor allegations . In a statement on its website , the company added that it 's investigating the charges , which involve one of its subcontractors . "  Lusail City will not tolerate breaches of labor or health and safety law , " the company said in the statement , posted in response to the Guardian article . It declined to respond to CNN 's requests for comment . City of Tomorrow : How oceans can help solve our water crisis In response to criticisms , Qatar in May announced reforms to its labor laws , which had bound workers to a single employer and left them open to exploitation . This appeared to satisfy FIFA President Sepp Blatter , who called the changes "  a significant step in the right direction . " As for the brutal heat , Qatar says its stadiums will contain advanced , open-air cooling systems that will keep World Cup players and fans comfortable . Meanwhile , Lusail continues to rise slowly in the Qatar desert . Anchoring the city 's skyline will be four commercial towers , up to 75 stories each . These will be surrounded by five-star hotels , an entertainment district and the Marina Mall , a retail palace measuring more than 600,000 square feet . Scheduled to open in 2017 , the mall is a cluster of five interconnected pods , shaped like giant boulders , with cantilevered white roofs to repel the heat . Its architects want the space to evoke desert canyons . A canal runs through it , and waterfalls splash throughout . The scope and design of the mall echoes the grand , futuristic vision for Lusail itself . "  It is a very ambitious and optimistic plan , " said Daniel Hajjar , a senior vice president in HOK 's Dubai office . It 's a plan that has helped land Qatar the World Cup . But Hajjar said Lusail will be completed even if FIFA has a change of heart and finds a new host for the event . "  Qatar has a path ... they 're pursuing , " he said . "  It wo n't affect their decision to move forward and get it built . "	Lusail is an ambitious planned city rising along the Persian Gulf in Qatar Its infrastructure will be run by computers , making Lusail a "  smart " city A Lusail stadium is expected to host the final game of the 2022 World Cup But FIFA is under pressure to move the event to another country
CNN  -- The CEO of GoDaddy.com on Friday defended an online video that shows him shooting and killing an elephant in Zimbabwe . "  It takes a guy like me " to protect villagers ' crops from rogue elephants , he said . Bob Parsons , founder of the Scottsdale , Arizona-based web-hosting service , posted the graphic video on his Twitter account on March 14 . The footage , shot March 8 , shows him hunting an elephant on a farm and posing with a shotgun beside its corpse . Then , it shows locals crowding around the dead animal and cutting off pieces of its meat . Parsons said he killed the animal for the good of local farmers whose crops are often destroyed by elephants . "  They would say ` please come back , ' " he said , arguing the measure is an effective way to protect crops and feed hungry local residents . The video shows him walking through a field of flattened sorghum plants , which he said had been crushed by roaming elephants . The reason he posted the video , Parsons said , is because he wants "  people to know what goes on over there . " "  There were people who walked 25 miles to get to that elephant , " he said , referencing a food crisis that has often plagued developing countries . But critics call his methods extreme . The People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals initiated an online boycott of GoDaddy.com and its services until Parsons "  stops shooting animals , " according to the organization 's website . Parsons ' own website has also been inundated by negative comments about the video . "  A lot of the people who are upset about this are animal lovers , " Parsons said . "  Their heart is in the right place but they just do n't understand the situation . " He called the fact that the elephant meat provided food for the people "  a bonus . " "  They literally have nothing and they 're on the brink of starvation , " he said . Parsons has traveled to Zimbabwe for several years , but only last year began hunting elephants at the request of local farmers , he said . Elephant experts say it is not illegal to kill rogue elephants in Zimbabwe . Parsons said he has killed five elephants . PETA rejected Parsons ' explanation , with the organization 's president , Ingrid Newkirk , releasing a statement saying , "  If Bob Parsons really wanted to help African villagers , he would use his money to promote one of the many effective , nonlethal methods available to protect crops -- not act like a little boy with a gun . " In a press release , PETA said it is pulling its business from GoDaddy.com , and the group labeled Parsons "  Scummiest CEO of the Year . " Meanwhile , asked if the PETA boycott had affected GoDaddy.com 's business , company spokeswoman Elizabeth Driscoll said , "  There has been no significant change in business . "	NEW : "  It takes a guy like me " to protect villagers ' crops from rogue elephants , Parsons says GoDaddy founder Bob Parsons posts a video showing him shooting an elephant Parsons says the kill , in Zimbabwe , gave local farmers meat and protected their crops Animal rights group PETA launches an online boycott of GoDaddy
Congress took up one of the most divisive issues in politics Thursday as the House of Representatives rejected a controversial measure banning abortions based on the sex of a fetus . In the House , 246 representatives backed the bill while 168 voted against it , leaving the proposal short of the two-thirds total necessary for passage . Most Republicans supported the measure ; the majority of Democrats opposed it . Supporters characterized the proposal as a necessary defense of the civil rights of unborn children ; opponents called it part of a broader so-called war on women and an ongoing assault on legalized abortion . The Prenatal Nondiscrimination Act would have imposed possible fines and prison sentences of up to five years on doctors who knowingly perform abortions chosen on grounds based on sex . Abortion providers could also have been subjected to civil penalties , including punitive monetary damages , under certain circumstances . Gallup poll : ` Pro-choice ' at a record low The issue is about "  whether or not in the land of the free and the home of the brave that we are going to allow little girls to be killed before they 're born simply because they are little girls , " Rep. Trent Franks , R-Arizona , said Thursday morning . Franks was the bill 's main sponsor . "  I would suggest to you that if that should become the accepted practice in America -- that we are no longer going to care about that -- then maybe it 's time to board  Congress up  and go home and say we did our best but we just did n't quite make it . " Rep. Chris Smith , R-New Jersey , said that "  most people in government are unaware " that abortion based on the sex of a fetus "  is part of a deliberate plan of population control that has now boomeranged and come to our own country . " "  This is the real war on women , " he insisted . Rep. Marsha Blackburn , R-Tennessee , argued Wednesday that it 's "  hypocrisy to say that one is pro-woman and that it 's OK to end the life of an unborn child just because of its gender . " "  Since when did America subscribe to the idea that males are worth more than females ? " she asked . "  It 's sick , it 's discriminatory , it 's sexist and it is blatantly anti-woman and anti-human . " Women 's rights : Nuns ' fight with Vatican highlights Catholicism 's global struggle Supporters of the measure cited multiple studies to back claims of a growing pattern of abortions based on the sex of the fetus . Opponents , however , took issue with certain interpretations of the studies , and warned of negative ramifications for women 's health if the bill becomes law . Michigan Rep. John Conyers , the top Democrat on the House Judiciary Committee , asserted Wednesday that the bill "  tramples  on  the rights of women under the guise of nondiscrimination , while doing absolutely nothing to provide women with needed resources for their babies , female and male . " Citing opposition to the bill from groups such as the American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists , he said , "  If this measure is passed into law , we will then require that medical and mental health professionals violate ... doctor-patient confidentiality " and report suspected violations to law enforcement authorities . Rep. Barbara Lee , D-California , said the bill 's backers were "  exploiting serious issues like racism and sexism in a backdoor attempt to make abortion illegal . " "  Attempts to restrict or deny access to safe abortions is harmful to women 's health and would ultimately take us back to the days of back-alley abortions , " she said . House Minority Whip Steny Hoyer , D-Maryland , said nobody he has talked to favors abortion based on sex preferences , and the proposal was brought up simply "  because somebody decided politically it was a difficult place to put people in . " Drew Hammill , a spokesman for House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi , D-California , called the debate over the bill "  yet another distraction and yet another day that this Republican majority fails to act on job creation . " But Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio , said Thursday that banning abortion based on the sex of a fetus is an "  important issue to the American people . " "  This type of sex selection ... most Americans find pretty repulsive , " Boehner said . "  Our  Republican  members feel strongly about it . That 's why it 's being brought " to a vote . Asked why the Republican-controlled House took up an abortion bill at a time when GOP leaders have called economic recovery their top concern , a spokesman for Boehner insisted Wednesday that the party 's priorities had not changed . Planned Parenthood 's new ad zeroes in on Romney "  House Republicans are focused on the American people 's top priorities : jobs and the economy , " spokesman Michael Steel said . "  Dealing with a bill to prevent sex-selective abortion ... does n't change that . " While Republican leaders would n't say why they brought up the bill under an expedited legislative process requiring a two-thirds vote for House approval , the maneuver avoided an extended argument over a divisive social issue with the potential to sidetrack the economic debate . Franks ' bill came to a vote at a time when abortion , a perennial hot-button topic , has re-emerged as a political focal point . The anti-abortion rights group Live Action released two videos this week that is says shows Planned Parenthood staffers offering advice to a pair of women involved in a sting on how best to proceed with an abortion based on the sex of a fetus . Planned Parenthood , which provides a range of medical services for women , responded to the release of the videos by noting that one of the staff members in question -- a woman in Austin , Texas -- had lost her job because she failed to follow proper procedures for the organization . The organization insisted Thursday in a written statement , however , that the second staffer , based in New York , had provided "  nonjudgmental , informative services that are in accordance with social work standards for patient interaction . " The statement noted that Planned Parenthood "  opposes sex selection abortion and insists on the highest quality care . ... If any Planned Parenthood organization learns of an instance where a staff member has not fully followed policies or procedures , they take swift action and remedy the situation . " At the same time , the statement blasted Live Action 's promotion of "  a series of hoax patient videotapes related to sex selection . " "  Edited videos of hoax patient visits are part of a coordinated campaign over the last several years to distort Planned Parenthood 's services , mission and values , " the statement said . Planned Parenthood 's leadership jumped into the presidential contest Wednesday , unveiling a roughly $ 1.5 million ad campaign targeting Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney . The ad , which says Romney would deny women critical medical services , is set to run in the battleground states of Florida , Iowa and Virginia .	246 backed bill , 168 voted against it , leaving it short of the two-thirds needed for passage Under the bill , doctors who perform such abortions could face up to five years in prison Democrats call the bill an unneeded distraction from the economic debate The support of two-thirds of House members was necessary for the bill for it to pass
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- The Obama administration 's planned drawdown of U.S. troops from Iraq is proceeding "  as promised " and should lead to an end of America 's combat mission there by the end of August , President Barack Obama said Monday . Plans to reduce the number of U.S. troops in Iraq to 50,000 by the end of this month are on schedule , Obama told the national convention of Disabled American Veterans . At that point , the U.S. mission will shift to the training and support of Iraqi security forces . A full withdrawal of American troops from Iraq is scheduled to occur by the end of next year . The war in Iraq "  is nearing an end , " he said . "  As a candidate for president , I pledged to bring the war in Iraq to a responsible end . And that is exactly what we are doing . " While the U.S. military commitment in Iraq is now nearing a conclusion , the president warned , there is still danger there for U.S. troops on the ground . "  The hard truth is we have not seen the end of American sacrifice in Iraq , " Obama said . "  But make no mistake , our commitment in Iraq is changing -- from a military effort led by our troops to a civilian effort led by our diplomats . " Obama 's update on the conflict in Iraq came in the context of a wide-ranging speech addressing several issues tied to national security and veterans ' benefits . Obama defended his decision to increase U.S. military commitment in Afghanistan -- a decision criticized by some of the more liberal members of his own party . He said the military has now gone on the offensive against extremist elements , and took issue with critics who claim the U.S. end game in Afghanistan remains poorly defined . "  We face huge challenges in Afghanistan , " he said . "  But it 's important that the American people know that we are making progress and we 're focused on goals that are clear and achievable . " "  If Afghanistan were to be engulfed by an even wider insurgency , al Qaeda and its terrorist affiliates would have even more space to plan their next attack . " "  As president of the United States , I refuse to let that happen , " he said . The Pakistan government has begun to "  take the fight to violent extremists within its borders . Major blows have been struck against al Qaeda and its leadership , " Obama said . On Iraq , the president provided a largely optimistic assessment of the U.S. effort , saying violence there is currently "  near the lowest it 's been in years . " But Iraqi officials released data Saturday that they said shows July was the deadliest month for civilians since May 2008 , reporting that 396 civilians , 50 Iraqi soldiers and 89 police officers were killed . Iraqi officials also said 100 so-called "  terrorists " were killed , and 955 others were detained . The U.S. military has disputed the Iraqi figures , saying the actual numbers are less than half what Iraq 's government reported . The U.S. command in Baghdad , Iraq , "  refutes that 535 people were killed in Iraq during the month of July , " the military said in a statement Sunday . It put the total number of people killed by "  enemy action " at 222 , including 161 civilians , 55 Iraqi troops and six Americans -- the ninth-lowest civilian casualty count since January 2008 , according to the U.S. military . The U.S. military has said it believes Iraqi security forces can maintain current levels of relative stability , but that sentiment is not shared by many Iraqis . Former Iraqi Prime Minister Ayad Allawi said in a recent interview with CNN that he is concerned that "  the security is declining ... -LSB- and -RSB- that 's why we need really good resolutions , we need to expedite the formation of a government and we need to create an understanding in the region , and we need the help of the United States to facilitate all of these issues through its good offices in Iraq and elsewhere in the region . " Starting in September , the number of U.S. troops in Iraq -- 50,000 -- will be almost a third of the total number there when Obama took office in January 2009 , the White House has said . There will be 96,000 U.S. troops on the ground in Afghanistan -- more than three times the number there at the beginning of Obama 's term . In July , there were 81,000 U.S. troops in Iraq and 87,000 in Afghanistan . While there is sharp public division over the U.S. effort in Afghanistan , Americans largely support the removal of U.S. forces from Iraq . Nearly two-thirds of all Americans back the administration 's plan to remove most troops by the end of August , according to a May 21-23 CNN/Opinion Research Corporation poll . Only 36 percent of Americans favor the war in Iraq , the survey indicated . Obama offered praise Monday for all the veterans of major U.S. military conflicts since World War II . "  In the life of our nation , not every generation has been summoned to defend our country in its hour of need . But every generation to answer that call has done so with honor and courage , " he told the enthusiastic crowd . The president ran through a litany of administration initiatives for military veterans , including "  dramatically increased funding for veterans health care across the board . " Among the initiatives he highlighted : an increased use of electronic record-keeping that will allow veterans , for the first time , to go to the VA 's website and download or print personal health records "  so you have them when you need them and can share them with your doctors outside the VA. " The new measure will take effect this fall , he said . CNN 's Alan Silverleib contributed to this report .	NEW : Obama claims progress has been made in Afghanistan and Pakistan NEW : Obama highlights new benefits for veterans The president says the U.S. military mission in Iraq will change next month The number of U.S. troops in Iraq is scheduled to decrease to 50,000
Abuja , Nigeria  CNN  -- A Shabbat service is underway at the Ghihon Hebrew Research synagogue in the Jikwoyi suburb of Nigeria 's federal capital territory . Fourteen year-old Kadmiel Izungu Abor heads there with his family . They walk alongside stray goats on a road covered in red dust and potholes , lined with open sewage . They are nearly 20 kilometers away from the modern multi-story office buildings and sprawling mansions in Nigeria 's capital city of Abuja . About 50 people gather in the synagogue . They pray from the Siddur , they read from the Torah and as they chant , Abor 's mellow alto begins to rise . In a country of 162 million people tensions often lead to violent uprisings between Christians and Muslims and being part of the religious minority can be an issue . But Abor wears his kippah and his identity with pride . "  I am a Jewish Igbo , " he says . The Igbo are one of Nigeria 's largest ethnic groups with population estimates ranging from 20 to 50 million . Abor is convinced that the Igbo 's ancestors were Jews . "  The son of Yaakov , Jacob , -LSB- was -RSB- Gad and I learned that he was among those people who went out of Israel to exile , " Abor says . "  So from there he had a son called Eri and a son gave birth to a son called Aguleri and that 's how the Igbo race began . " From generation to generation , some Igbo have passed down various versions of a migration story framed around Jacob , a patriarch of Judaism . A popular version of the narrative holds that Gad , the seventh son of Jacob , had three sons who settled in present-day southeastern Nigeria , which is predominantly inhabited by the Igbo . Those sons , Eri , Arodi and Areli  as mentioned in the book of Genesis  , are said to have fathered clans , established kingdoms and founded towns still in existence in southeastern Nigeria today , including Owerri , Umuleri , Arochukwu and Aguleri . Read More : The forgotten story of Zambia 's Jewish settlers Eze A.E. Chukwuemeka Eri , the king of a community in Aguleri , claims he presides over the throne of Gad 's son , Eri . Wearing a white shirt with the Star of David stitched on the front , King Eri points to a calendar on the wall of his palace that lists the names of his 33 predecessors . He has no doubts that Eri is his ancestor . He has even acquired land to establish an educational center for the study of Jewish culture . "  Israelites and Igbos are brothers , " he says with a broad smile . King Eri , like many , claims that the Igbo are the Jews of West Africa . They believe they are descendants of at least one of Israel 's lost tribes . In the eighth century B.C. the Assyrians invaded Israel 's northern kingdom forcing 10 tribes into exile . Historians say it is not unlikely that these tribes migrated westward to Africa . Throughout history , large populations of dispersed Jews also became "  lost " through forced conversions and cultural assimilation . "  There is evidence that is scientific that the Igbos descended from the people that evolved in Israel , " says Remy Ilona . He began investigating the stories from his youth more than a decade ago . "  When I grew up I heard , like virtually every Igbo here , that the Igbo people came from Israel , " the Abuja-based lawyer says . His field work in Nigeria , Chad , Niger and Mali led him to conclude that Igbo and Jewish culture are not just similar , but "  identical . " In his latest book , Ilona draws parallels between Igbo rituals and customs and those practiced by Jews . Shared traditional practices include circumcising male children eight days after birth , refraining from eating "  unclean " or tabooed foods , mourning the dead for seven days , celebrating the New Moon and conducting wedding ceremonies under a canopy . Some historians have noted that the Igbo were practicing these customs before their exposure to the Bible and missionaries . Daniel Lis , from the Institute for Jewish Studies , University of Basel , Switzerland , is one of the foremost researchers on Jewish identification among the Igbo . He says there has been a clear continuity of Jewish identity among the Igbo . "  It 's not just something that happened yesterday , " he says . The Swiss-Israeli anthropologist says that Igbo-Jewish identity can be traced back to the 18th century . Cross-cultural comparisons have been documented by people ranging from George Thomas Basden , the influential Anglican missionary and ethnographer who proposed that the word "  Igbo " evolved as a corruption of the word "  Hebrew , " to Olaudah Equiano , a freed Igbo slave living in 18th century British society . The oral stories and historic notations of cultural resemblances between the Igbo and the Jews have proven compelling enough to lure a diverse array of people to southeastern Nigeria . See also : CNN Belief Blog Michael Freund , an American Jew based in Israel , is planning his first trip to Nigeria to get a first-hand look at the culture of the Igbo . "  I 've read about them but of course there is nothing like actually hearing the stories of the people themselves , " he says . Discovering "  lost " Jewish communities around the world is what Freund does . He is the founder and chairman of the independent non-profit organization Shavei Israel . According to its media spokesperson Arik Puder , Shavei Israel is the only organization in Israel that focuses on finding descendants of the legendary lost tribes . He says the Israeli government does not recognize ethnic communities in various countries claiming to be descendants of lost tribes . "  They can not prove that they have a Jewish grandfather or grandmother , " Puder says . "  But they do have an interesting story . " Freund says he has received numerous letters and emails from Nigerians trying to connect to Israel . But with a rising number of groups around the world attempting to link their ancestry to the ancient Israelites , he is aware that some of those claims are "  wishful thinking . " He hopes that the future will yield strong genetic evidence to help the search for the lost tribes . "  As DNA technology improves there will be a growing stock of scientific evidence which can perhaps buttress the claims of an Israeli ancestry , " he says . A 2012 documentary called "  Re-Emerging : The Jews of Nigeria " featured the country 's Jewish community . The film featured Rabbi Howard Gorin . He retired from the congressional rabbinate in 2012 after 32 years as the spiritual leader of a Jewish congregation in the U.S. state of Maryland . Gorin has played a significant role in the rise of Judaism in Nigeria since his first trip to the country in 2004 . "  I embrace them and support them as brothers and sisters , " he says . He ships books on Judaism to synagogues in Nigeria . Watch video : Lagos megacity More support comes from groups like Kulanu , a New York-based non-profit group . Kulanu assists emerging Jewish communities around the world , like the one in Nigeria . But most of the Igbo who practice Judaism were not born to a Jewish mother and have not converted according to halakhah , Jewish law , so many Orthodox Jews would not recognize them . Even among Igbo people , the claim to be Jews elicits strong criticism . One critic , Catherine Acholonu , attributes Jewish identification among the Igbo as a result of Christianity brought by missionaries , since most Igbo people are Christians . "  Everybody is excited to say they belong to the people of the Bible because the Bible is reigning -- it 's in , " says Acholonu , a prominent researcher on Igbo history and culture . In her award-winning book "  They Lived Before Adam " Acholonu proposes that Igbo civilization is older than that of the Israelites . She feels that Igbo people are whitewashing their history and diminishing the value of their own culture by attempting to link their heritage to the Jews . Peter Agbai , who says he is a "  proud Igbo man , " strongly disagrees . He started practicing Judaism in 1991 after leaving the Methodist church . He says that the more he followed the commandments in the Torah , the more he realized that he was doing what his parents had always done as followers of traditional Igbo culture and spirituality . "  I have seen that the traditions of our people are similar to those in the Bible , " says the 66-year-old , making references to aspects like ritual bathing and polygamy . Agbai is one of the founders of the Ghihon synagogue . He plays an important role as a spiritual leader in Abuja 's community of Igbo Jews . He attended Abor 's bar mitzvah last year , an experience that Abor says made him feel like a man , and feel closer to the Jewish culture . He wants to go deeper into Orthodox Judaism and take a pilgrimage to the Holy Land . "  I want to live in Israel , " Abor says . He hopes that there , he will get a better understanding of his forefathers .	Among the Igbo people of Nigeria exists a small group of practicing Jews Jewish Igbos believe they are descendants of ` lost tribes ' of Israel who settled in Nigeria Some draw many parallels between Jewish and Igbo customs Others claim Igbo civilization is older than that of the Israelites
CNN  -- A British adventurer rescued after a failed attempt to sail solo around the globe says she is relieved to be back on land . Sara Outen tweeted a photo of herself late Saturday from a Japanese hospital where she is undergoing evaluation after the nation 's coast guard rescued her when her boat became disabled . "  Relieved to be back on land and with friends , " Outen tweeted . Outen began her solo circumnavigation April 1 , 2011 , in London with plans to cycle , row and kayak more than 20,000 miles . She hoped to finish in London in autumn 2013 . She was traveling alone when her boat was damaged during a tropical storm , rolling several times . A nearby merchant vessel and a coast guard plane kept watch on her until the rescue ship arrived . Outen kept followers apprised of her ordeal in real time , tweeting from sea : "  Focusing on calm trying2 block out wind and waves . Visualizing family and friends pulling us in . " More from Mainsail : The sailing world 's hardest race She was rescued Friday , though rough waters made it impossible for the Japan coast guard to tow her boat Gulliver back to port . "  As expected , due to adverse sea conditions , it was not possible to tow Gulliver back to land. , " Outen 's support team , London2London , said in a blog post Saturday . The team was "  looking at options regarding Gulliver . " Outen was halfway to her goal when her boat was damaged . Her team says she has cycled and kayaked more than 11,000 miles , going through countries including Germany , Poland , Ukraine , Kazakhstan and China . Meanwhile , a second solo British rower who was stranded about 280 miles northeast of where Outen was found has been rescued , according to his website . Charlie Martell was attempting to row 6,000 miles across the Pacific when his boat was disabled by the same tropical storm that damaged Outen 's Gulliver . He was rescued late Friday by a Russian crew , his website said . "  Charlie spoke briefly to his support team to confirm that he is in good shape and uninjured , following a 36-hour wait since issuing the mayday signal , " according to a posting on his website . CNN 's Kyung Lah in Tokyo contributed to this report .	Sarah Outen tweets a picture of herself from a Japanese hospital Outen was attempting a round-the-world solo journey when her boat was damaged She was rescued by the Japan Coast Guard , though her boat is still at sea Another solo British rower is also rescued
London  CNN  -- The leader of the eurozone 's fastest growing economy says he has faced broad public opposition at home to bailing out "  rich Greece people who are always drinking the ouzo . " Estonian Prime Minister Andrus Ansip told CNN that many in his country had questioned why they should bear the burden of bailing out Greece -- a larger , wealthier country . "  It is very difficult to explain to our poor Estonian people why we have to help rich Greece people who are always drinking the ouzo and dancing the syrtaki , " he said . "  This is public opinion , " he hastened to add . "  In fact , they are hard-working people in Greece . " In January 2011 , Estonia became the first ex-Soviet state to start using the single European currency , joining the eurozone as Europe 's debt crisis was deepening . Shouldering the financial strain of the European Financial Stability Facility had been "  very unpopular " among Estonians , said Ansip . "  They would like to get higher salaries today , right now here in Estonia -- they can not understand why we have to have all this . " Nevertheless , joining the eurozone had been the right decision , he said . "  All people they can understand how beneficial euro was for Estonia , " he said . Although his country suffered from high unemployment and inflation , the euro made Estonia attractive for foreign direct investment , creating new jobs and export volumes . "  Europe is definitely supporting trade , " he said . "  Seventy per cent of exports are going to other EU member states . " Stagnant rates of economic growth in Europe were a concern , he said . "  But ... our main export partners are Sweden and Finland , and those economies are doing pretty well . " He added the Greek rescue package was a loan , "  not a bail out . " "  They have to pay back those  loans  , " he said . "  And they also have to pay interest . " Estonia , a Baltic state of about 1.3 million people , joined the European Union in 2004 . It is the fourth-smallest member of the eurozone .	Estonia 's PM says there are concerns at home about having to bail out out "  rich Greece " But he says the benefits of joining the Eurozone are obvious Estonia adopted the Euro in 2010 , becoming the first ex-Soviet state to do so Last year it was the fastest growing economy in the Eurozone
CNN  -- Nadine Gordimer , the Nobel Prize-winning South African author and anti-apartheid activist , died Sunday , her family said Monday . She was 90 . Gordimer died peacefully in her sleep , according to a statement from her family . She was awarded the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1991 . Her literary works , including "  A Guest of Honour "  1970  , the Booker Prize-winning "  The Conservationist "  1974  and "  July 's People "  1981  were cited by the Nobel committee as "  giving profound insights into the historical process  and  help  ing  to shape this process . " The Nelson Mandela Foundation , calling her "  South Africa 's grande dame of literature , " responded to her death in a news release . "  We have lost a great writer , a patriot and strong voice for equality and democracy in the world , " said professor Njabulo Ndebele , the foundation 's chairman . Mandela , the former South African President who died last December , was a friend of Gordimer 's and read her books while incarcerated . In her novels , essays and other works , Gordimer was one of the leading voices against South Africa 's apartheid system , which segregated black and white people and led to decades of unrest . Three of her novels , including "  Burger 's Daughter "  1979  , were banned by the government -- a reaction she fully expected , given their subject matter . "  I knew ` Burger 's Daughter ' would be banned because I even put in it ... sometimes scattered little pamphlets in the street , you know , which were swept up . But I always picked these things up , and I think I put one almost in its entirety in the book , so that would be enough for it to be banned . What else could you do ? " she said in a 2009 interview . "  Burger 's Daughter " was about the child of a white anti-apartheid activist who had died in prison after attempting to overthrow the government . It includes a description of the 1976 Soweto uprising . However , she told fellow author Justin Cartwright that her works were n't about politics , but about people . "  To be a writer is to enter into public life . I look upon our process as writers as discovery of life , " she told him in 2012 . Indeed , Gordimer was as praised for her writing ability as she was for her stand on issues . Her literary voice "  is as clear and crisp as Jane Austen 's , " wrote The Telegraph 's Peter Florence . "  Her eye for the betraying detail , for the physical sensations of African heat and dust , reminds you of the great masters of location : Mark Twain 's Mississippi or Gabriel GarcÃa MÃ ¡ rquez 's Macondo . " Nevertheless , she never shrank from speaking her mind . In recent years , she had criticized what is known as the "  Secrecy Bill , " which gave the government great leeway to decide what information should be protected , as well as to prosecute violators . The bill , though approved by South Africa 's parliament in 2013 , was n't signed by President Jacob Zuma , who returned it to the legislature . Gordimer was born in South Africa in 1923 , the daughter of Jewish immigrants . She was a thoughtful observer from a young age , noting the inequities of South African society while attending an all-girls , all-white Catholic school . "  I early on began to realize how artificial our life was , " she said . But despite her recognition of societal problems , she said she was sometimes reluctant to speak up herself . When pondering "  Burger 's Daughter , " she thought the topic would be better handled by a veteran of activist families . "  I waited a long time to do it , because I thought , I am not in this , " she said . "  I 'm neither a parent nor a child . I 'm waiting for somebody to write it who would know more about it than I did . "  Nobody did , so I did . " Gordimer was married twice . Her second husband , Reinhold Cassirer , to whom she was married for 47 years , died in 2001 . She is survived by two children . People we 've lost in 2014	Nadine Gordimer was a leading speaker against apartheid Gordimer won the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1991 for such works as "  The Conservationist " The South African government banned three of her novels
CNN  -- President-elect Barack Obama 's transition team announced several key appointments to his communications team Saturday . Robert Gibbs will have one of the most highly visible roles in the Obama administration . Robert Gibbs , an Obama campaign spokesman who also has acted as spokesman for the transition , will become Obama 's press secretary , one of the most highly visible roles in the administration . Gibbs , an Auburn , Alabama , native who has worked for Sen. Fritz Hollings , the Democratic Senatorial Committee and Sen. John Kerry 's presidential campaign , was communications director and then a senior strategist for the Obama campaign . Ellen Moran , executive director of EMILY 's List , will serve as Obama 's communications director . Moran worked for the AFL-CIO , coordinating "  Wal-Mart corporate accountability activities , " before returning to EMILY 's , an organization dedicated to helping Democratic women get elected to office . It had endorsed Sen. Hillary Clinton for president . See who 's on Obama 's short list for cabinet posts " Dan Pfeiffer , current communications director with the transition team , will be Obama 's deputy communications director . He began work with the Obama campaign in January 2007 as traveling press secretary before returning to Chicago , Illinois , to work as communications director . Unlike Gibbs and Pfeiffer , Moran is not already on Obama 's communications team . "  These individuals will fill essential roles , and bring a breadth and depth of experience that can help our administration advance prosperity and security for the American people , " Obama said in a written statement . "  This dedicated and impressive group of public servants includes longtime advisors and a talented new addition to our team , and together we will work to serve our country and meet the challenges of this defining moment in history . " On Friday , sources indicated that some of Obama 's Cabinet posts were close to being filled . Two sources close to the transition team said New York Federal Reserve President Timothy Geithner is "  on track " to be offered the Treasury secretary post . Watch CNN 's Anderson Cooper discuss Obama 's choices " Transition officials told The Associated Press on Saturday that Obama planned to announce Geithner 's appointment on Monday , along with that of Lawrence Summers as director of the National Economic Council . Summers is a former president of Harvard University and served as treasury secretary under Bill Clinton . Two sources said Friday that Gov. Bill Richardson of New Mexico is a serious contender for commerce secretary but that he could be chosen for another senior post . Geithner has played a large role in the government 's efforts to wrangle the credit crisis , which has damaged markets and economies worldwide . Although a number of those efforts have been controversial , Geithner remains a well-regarded figure from Wall Street to Washington . Geithner began working with the Treasury Department in 1988 in the International Affairs division . In 1999 , he became under-secretary of the Treasury for international affairs . Geithner would be charged with restoring stability to the financial markets , the banking system and the housing sector through oversight of the controversial $ 700 billion financial rescue package , of which about half is still available for use at the discretion of the Treasury secretary . Watch CNN 's John King discuss the posts with panelists " The Dow Jones industrial index staged a late rally Friday after traders heard news of Geithner 's possible appointment , rising by almost 500 points shortly before the market 's closing time . The two sources close to the transition team said they do not consider Richardson 's appointment to the Commerce Department to be a done deal . Richardson , 61 , was a candidate for the 2008 Democratic presidential nomination . Currently in his second term as New Mexico 's governor , he served as ambassador to the United Nations and energy secretary in the Clinton administration . Richardson is also considered to be a possibility for the secretary of state post . Also Friday , Sen. Hillary Clinton 's camp shot down reports that she had agreed to accept the secretary of state position . "  We 're still in discussions , which are very much on track , " said Philippe Reines , Clinton 's senior adviser . "  Any reports beyond that are premature . " The New York Times reported that Clinton would give up her Senate seat and accept the Cabinet post , citing two confidants , who said the decision was made after further consultation with Obama about the nature of her role and his foreign policy plans . A senior Obama aide told CNN there has been no development on a possible Clinton appointment since they informed CNN Thursday that she is "  on track " to be nominated for secretary of state . Obama 's transition team also appears close to choosing a national security adviser to the White House . Retired Marine Gen. Jim Jones has emerged as the president-elect 's leading choice for the position , two sources close to the Obama transition team say . The sources said Jones has been given the impression by Obama that the job is his if he wants it . But the officials said that private discussions are under way and that no final decision has been made . The discussions are focused on precisely how much power Jones will have in the staff job , since he is used to being in a command role . Among his many posts , Jones served for several years as the operational commander for NATO .	NEW : Timothy Geithner to be announced as Treasury pick , AP reports Robert Gibbs , an Obama campaign spokesman , will be press secretary Ellen Moran , EMILY 's List executive director , will be communications director Dan Pfeiffer named Obama 's deputy communications director
CNN  -- Mark David Chapman , the man convicted of killing former Beatle John Lennon , has been denied parole for a seventh time , according to the New York Department of Corrections . He was last up for parole in 2010 , when he was told his "  discretionary release remains inappropriate at this time and incompatible with the welfare of the community , " according to the state 's Division of Parole . He was also denied parole in 2000 , 2002 , 2004 , 2006 and 2008 . Chapman , 57 , is serving a sentence of 20 years to life in prison and is being held at the Wende Correctional Facility in Alden . He is in protective custody in a single-person cell , corrections spokeswoman Carole Claren-Weaver said , and is allowed out three hours per day . Since his transfer from Attica this year , Chapman has reapplied to participate in a state program called "  family reunion , " which allows inmates to spend more time with family members . Chapman has not had an infraction since 1994 . It is not clear whether he currently has legal representation . The British singer-songwriter Lennon was gunned down outside his Manhattan apartment on December 8 , 1980 . John Lennon 's killer seeks freedom again	He was last up for parole in 2010 but was told that to release him would be "  inappropriate " Chapman , 57 , is serving a sentence of 20 years to life in prison He gunned down John Lennon in Manhattan apartment on December 8 , 1980
Madrid  CNN  -- Spain 's two main unions on Friday called a general strike for March 29 to protest the new conservative government 's labor reforms and austerity cuts . It will be the first general strike against the government of Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy , which won elections last November and took office late last December , in the midst of Spain 's deep economic crisis . The last general strike , in September 2010 , was against the then-Socialist government , which also had initiated austerity measures . That strike slowed industry and transport , but much of the country went to work and many analysts saw it as a kind of a draw between the government and unions . Since then , the economic crisis has deepened . Spain 's jobless rate is nearly 23 percent overall , and nearly 50 percent for youth . Nearly 5.3 million Spaniards are out of work . Union protests across the nation last month drew large crowds , which analysts say emboldened the unions to move ahead with a general strike . The government says the latest labor reforms are needed to bring flexibility to the workplace and to simplify the rules for employers . But unions say the effect will be to make it easier and cheaper to fire workers . The two main unions -- the Socialist-leaning General Workers Union and the Communist-leaning Workers Commissions -- held separate meetings Friday and then announced the general strike for March 29 , a date Spanish news media have been reporting for days as the likely date for the strike . Rajoy , at a recent European Union summit , was reported by Spanish media to be overheard , via an open microphone , telling another EU leader that the labor reforms would cost him a general strike . The reforms were approved first as a decree law , with immediate effect , and the unions called on the government to make amendments as the bill moved through parliament . But the conservatives have a commanding majority in parliament and on Thursday approved the reforms unchanged . The government says the labor reforms make up only a portion of the elements needed to spur an economic recovery . It predicts a 1.7 percent decline in the economy this year . The government also has demanded reforms in the banking sector with the aim of getting credit flowing again and to clean up the books of lenders stuck with huge uncollectable debts left over from Spain 's real estate and construction boom that went bust , precipitating the economic crisis . The unions earlier called a round of protests for this Sunday , which coincides with the eighth anniversary of the Madrid train bombings terrorist attacks that killed 191 people .	This will be the first general strike against the government of Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy Spain 's jobless rate is nearly 23 percent ; nearly 5.3 million Spaniards are out of work The government says the latest labor reforms are needed to bring flexibility to the workplace
North Korea launched four Scud missiles into the sea off its eastern coast Thursday , the South Korean Defense Ministry said . The missiles were fired in the direction of Russia and fell into the sea , according to the Pentagon , which described the launch as a very low-level matter . The missiles were fired just days after the start of annual joint military exercises between South Korea and the United States that North Korea opposes . The joint military exercises routinely spark tension between North Korea , South Korea and the United States . For example , last year 's exercises triggered weeks of heightened tensions between the nations and North Korean threats of nuclear war . The South Korean and U.S. militaries have not been specific about where they are conducting their drills . The South Korean Defense Ministry said that the North had fired the Scuds in a northeasterly direction and that they probably fell into North Korean waters of the East Sea , which is also known as the Sea of Japan . It was the first time North Korea had fired Scud missiles , which have a range that covers the whole of the Korean Peninsula , since 2009 , South Korea said . "  We consider it to be threatening and a military provocation , " said South Korean Defense Ministry spokesman Kim Ming-seok , although he acknowledged the firings may have been a test launch or part of military drills . Foreign policy experts say the North Korean missile firings may not herald a repeat of last year 's saber rattling from Pyongyang , which included threats of preemptive nuclear strikes against the United States and South Korea and the declaration that the armistice that stopped the Korean War in 1953 is null and void . North Korea tested a multistage rocket with possible intercontinental potential in December 2012 , and carried out a third nuclear test in February 2013 . It was then stung by fierce international criticism and sanctions . It reacted angrily when 2013 's joint military exercises between South Korea and the U.S. involved stealth bombers simulating bombing attacks . The conditions of Thursday 's missile launch are different . North Korea 's missile capabilities "  It may be little more than regular military testing , " said Michael O'Hanlon , a defense and foreign policy expert at the Brookings Institution . "  I 'm not persuaded it 's a big deal or even a medium big deal , though . " The launch may also be an attempt by North Korea to remind the world and its own people that it has muscle , too . Most observers say North Korea is still years away from having the technology to deliver a nuclear warhead on a missile , but it does have plenty of conventional military firepower , including medium-range ballistic missiles that can carry high explosives for hundreds of miles . "  North Korea 's missile launch is merely part of their ongoing efforts to demonstrate to the world , and more importantly to their own people , what they are capable of . It is more showmanship than meaningful geopolitics , " David Rothkopf , editor of Foreign Policy magazine , said Thursday . "  It is not a surprise , and we should expect more of the same so long as this regime is in place . " Earlier this week , South Korea said a North Korean patrol boat strayed over the maritime border between the two countries several times . It eventually returned to the North 's side of the border after warnings from South Korea . Such infringements happen periodically , according to the South Korean Defense Ministry . North Korea shows off South Korean man it 's holding on spy charges	South Korean Defense Ministry calls the move a military provocation North Korea launched four Scud missiles into East Sea , the South says Launch may be an effort to show off North Korean capabilities , observer says South Korea and the United States are conducting joint military exercises
CNN  -- Because of their growing numbers and presence in some of the key battleground states , Latinos are expected to play a prominent role in this year 's battle for the White House between President Barack Obama and presumptive GOP nominee Mitt Romney . By the numbers , here 's a look at Latino voters : 50.5 million -- Latinos in the United States  out of 308.7 million people 16 -- Percentage of the total U.S. population in 2010 that was Latino . 43 -- Percent increase since the 2000 census of the Latino population in the United States , according to the 2010 census . Would Latino running mate help Mitt Romney ? 29 -- Projected percentage of the U.S. population that will be Latino in 2050 . 131 million -- Total number of voters in the 2008 presidential election . 59.4 -- Percent of Latinos who were registered voters in 2008 . 49.9 -- Percent who voted in the 2008 presidential election . 42.7 -- Percent of the Latino population that is eligible to vote . Obama campaign releases third set of Spanish ads 22.4 -- Percent of Latinos in the U.S. who are of voting age but who are not citizens . 63 -- Percent of the Latino population in the U.S. from Mexican origins . 82 -- Percent population growth of Latinos in Nevada from 2000 to 2010 . 67 -- Percentage of Latino voters who voted for Barack Obama in the 2008 election . 31 -- Percentage who voted for John McCain . 68 -- Percent of registered Latino voters surveyed in 2011 who said they would support President Obama over Mitt Romney in a presidential match-up in 2012 . 23 -- Percent who answered that they would support Mitt Romney . 38.6 -- Percent of eligible voters in New Mexico who are Latino , the most of any state . 3 -- Number of states tying for lowest number of eligible voters who are Latino , 0.7 % : Kentucky , South Carolina and West Virginia . See racial and ethnic breakdown for all 50 states and D.C. 82 -- Counties with a Latino population majority , out of 3,143 total . Sources for these statistics come from the U.S. Census Bureau , the Pew Hispanic Center and the Brookings Institution .	50.5 million -- Latinos in the United States  out of 308.7 million people 67 -- Percentage of Latino voters who voted for Barack Obama in the 2008 election 31 -- Percentage who chose John McCain 38.6 -- Percent of eligible voters in New Mexico who are Latino , the most of any state
Hong Kong  CNN  -- A high-profile monk who played a key role in bringing Tibetan Buddhism to the West has been murdered in southwest China , police say . Tarap Shetrup Akong , who has British citizenship , was killed along with his nephew and another man in Sichuan province on Tuesday , police in the provincial capital Chengdu said on their official account on the microblogging site Weibo . Police said that three suspects have been captured , and that the victims were stabbed in a financial dispute . Akong was born in Tibet in 1940 and left for exile in 1959 . He founded a monastery called Samye Ling in a secluded part of Scotland . The victim 's brother said in a statement on the monastery 's website that he had been "  assassinated " but did not give any further details . Robbie Barnett , a Tibet expert at Columbia University in New York , said that he was known for his social as much as spiritual work . "  The bulk of his life 's work was on providing social welfare to villagers , rural communities , townspeople , nomads and monasteries in Tibet and other countries . " Barnett said that he had great diplomatic skill and was able to maintain relationships with high-level Chinese officials without compromising his work with Tibetans on the ground . CNN 's Jaime FlorCruz in Beijing contributed reporting	A high-profile British Tibetan monk and two other men have been killed in China Police said that three suspects have been captured The victims were killed over a financial dispute , police added Victim 's brother says he was "  assassinated "
CNN  We want our killers to be kind . To walk into court and show remorse , tell us that they are really nice people who only did it because they feared for their lives , or they were temporarily insane . Even though those things may not be true , too often they are accepted as legitimate excuses for murder . Well , Aaron Hernandez , the former New England Patriots tight end and now convicted murderer , made none of those excuses . He walked into court with an air of bravado , his head held high like the $ 40 million , NFL superstar he was just a couple of years ago . Several times he was even caught winking at his fiancee , Shayanna Jenkins , during the trial . And we did n't like his swagger . Hernandez did n't offer a plausible alibi . He did n't look ashamed or remorseful . He never wept . His own attorney , James Sultan , admitted that Hernandez "  witnessed " the killing of Odin Lloyd , "  committed by somebody he knew , " but said his client did not commit the crime . Even before the guilty verdict came down Wednesday , for many -- at least those covering the trial -- audacity seemed to be the defendant 's biggest crime . "  The Arrogance of Aaron Hernandez , " a New Yorker headline accused . I do n't get it . What does it matter that Hernandez was arrogant in court , or walked with too much swagger , or even smiled at his girl ? Like it or not , that is who he is . The evidence is what matters . And for once , this time it appears the jury carefully considered the damning mountain of circumstantial evidence against this defendant and came to the right decision : guilty of first-degree murder in the 2013 slaying of Odin Lloyd . Hernandez , 25 , was sentenced to life without the possibility of parole . He was also found guilty of unlawful possession of a firearm and unlawful possession of ammunition . It was the right decision . Still , it 's hard not to feel sadness over such a senseless waste of life for both Lloyd and now Hernandez , who were once friends . Football was the best thing Hernandez ever had , especially after he father died suddenly after a routine hernia surgery in 2006 . Hernandez was 16 . After that his life got complicated . At 17 , Hernandez went off to the University of Florida and seemed headed for greatness . There he won the John Mackey Award as the nation 's best tight end and led the team in receiving during its 2009 Bowl Championship Series win . But off the field , his life was to beginning to unravel . Trouble started : bar fights , reports of marijuana use and failed drug tests . He was even questioned in relation to a shooting after a fight at a Gainesville , Florida , nightclub . By the time he was drafted in 2010 by the New England Patriots , Hernandez had already been labeled a "  troubled player . " But neither the Patriots nor the NFL has anything to be ashamed of in how they handled the Hernandez case . They did everything right this time . Hours after Hernandez was charged with murder , he was let go from the team . And his coaches did n't spend any time trying to convince the public that their star tight end was a decent , family-loving guy , as the league has done too many times in the past when its players got in trouble . This time justice worked . There 's no reason to second-guess what went wrong , to ask "  How could a star NFLer be a murderer ? " The NFL for the most part does a great job vetting its players , and certainly Hernandez is an anomaly in the league , where despite the ugly headlines , the overwhelming majority of players are upstanding , law-abiding citizens . And Patriots bashers  me included  would be mistaken to try to find fault with the team for drafting Hernandez despite his troubled past . No one really knows what evil lurks in the hearts of others , even those closest to us . Not the mothers whose sons go off and commit schoolyard killing sprees , or wives whose husbands gun down innocent people , and certainly not employers who are mostly concerned about performance on the job . There was no way to predict Hernandez would end up a murderer . He was a guy who had all the talent and opportunity in the world , but he still went wrong . Hernandez himself may have explained it best as he was being taken out of the courtroom : According to a law enforcement source close to the case , Hernandez told officers escorting him , " ` Hey man , I 'm going to miss you guys . ... I do n't need any luck any more . ' He gave you the impression , ` It 's kinda like no big deal . ... It is what it is . ' "	Roxanne Jones : Jury right to find Hernandez guilty , but the waste of life for player and his victim is tragic She says NFL , Patriots knew his troubled past , but could not have predicted his actions , and both handled case well
CNN  -- On Wednesday , the Los Angeles Times published photos of U.S. soldiers posing with what the paper said were bodies of insurgents in Afghanistan . The newspaper said a soldier came forward with the images to draw attention to the safety risk associated with a decline in leadership and discipline . In the Times story , editor Davan Maharaj said publishing the photos "  would fulfill our obligation to readers to report vigorously and impartially on all aspects of the American mission in Afghanistan , including the allegation that the images reflect a breakdown in unit discipline that was endangering U.S. troops . " The Los Angeles Times said efforts to get responses from the soldiers involved were unsuccessful . CNN has not independently authenticated the photos . The images are just the latest in a string of scandals that some say could damage U.S. efforts in the war , which is in its 11th year . In January , video footage emerged of U.S. soldiers apparently urinating on Afghan corpses . In February , Afghans rioted after it was discovered that Qurans had been burned in violation of Islamic custom at Bagram Air Base in Afghanistan . Last month , an Army staff sergeant allegedly went on a rampage and shot to death 17 Afghan civilians , including numerous children . The U.S. is due to hand over control of the country to Afghan forces in 2014 . On Thursday Afghan President Hamid Karzai called for an "  accelerated " transition of security responsibilities to the country 's forces . He called the photos "  inhumane and provocative . " CNN spoke with three national security and military experts about the images and what impact they may have on the U.S. mission in Afghanistan . Here 's an edited version of their responses . Read the complete interviews here Baer : ` Very , very difficult time stabilizing this country ' Robert Baer is a former CIA agent who spent most of his career in the Middle East . His book "  See No Evil " has been lauded for its first-person look inside the agency and for its analysis of events leading up the war on terror . I think the situation there is going from bad to worse . ... It 's incidents like these which are dividing American troops from the Afghans . I just do n't see it getting better . Of course , this is an isolated event . It 's not the end of the world , but if it continues on like this -- more bad news -- we 're going to have a very , very difficult time stabilizing this country before 2014 . Getting into one of these wars is very easy . It 's very , very difficult for a White House to walk away from this , especially when the same people that attacked us on 9/11 are going to come back . For a politician to say , ` Hey , let 's forget about it , let 's hope for the best , let 's leave ' -- this is a problem for the White House . They can not be seen to be losing a war . It does n't really matter that we never really won the war . It 's just morphed into something else , into a quagmire , guerrilla warfare . I do n't think we 're going to speed it up , we 're just going to hope for the best and get better control of the military . And hope that the Afghans will be able to take this over . I 'm not very confident , though . Marks : ` Very damaging to all the U.S. efforts ' James "  Spider " Marks is a retired U.S. Army general . He works as a consultant in Washington . This is very damaging to all the U.S. efforts , specifically the U.S. effort to assure it stays in harness with the Afghan government and the Afghan security forces moving forward in this critically important mission . This does nothing but throw sand into that fabric of trying to establish and trying reinforce what has been , over the last decade , a reasonably good relationship . There 's nothing good that comes from this . Sadly , you had soldiers ostensibly dehumanizing the enemy . That ca n't be done . You 've got to hold these bad guys with respect that they deserve if they 're willing to kill themselves to achieve a goal ... our soldiers understand this . These are several bad apples . You need to always respect your enemy , so you better understand them . The record of the military in our conflicts , both in Afghanistan and Iraq , and routine activities that take place every day around the globe -LSB- have been -RSB- decentralized out to young men and women like these folks -LSB- in the photos -RSB- , who sadly made a huge mistake . But most folks -- 99 % of our military -- do a magnificent job . So you have to let the record speak for itself . What you have to do locally -- and Gen. John Allen -LSB- the U.S. and NATO commander in Afghanistan -RSB- understands this intimately -- you have a lot of damage control to do . You have to anticipate what the reaction is going to be in Afghanistan . It speaks to this isolated incident , and it does n't speak to a full breakdown in terms of morale and discipline and capabilities in our military . ... The military in this case is losing ground because they 've achieved so many great things , specifically in Afghanistan , and this incident is setting them back . Clark : ` We 'll get an orderly withdrawal ' Retired Gen. Wesley Clark served as supreme allied commander of NATO from 1997 to 2000 in the Kosovo war . Once a Rhodes scholar at Oxford University , he has a degree in philosophy , politics and economics , and a master 's degree in military science . He served 34 years in the Army and ran in the 2004 presidential election . -LSB- The photos do n't -RSB- represent the standards or the training or the values of the United States armed forces . Our soldiers and our leaders know you do n't pose with dead enemy bodies , and there 's a lot of other things that you do n't do . We maintain these standards . I think the men and women of the armed forces have done a remarkable job , our leadership has done a remarkable job . No one ever expected when this conflict started that we 'd be in it -LSB- almost -RSB- 11 years later , a volunteer army would have held together and done so very well . This is an exception , and I know the military will take their proper measures . We 've accomplished our major objective there . We got Osama bin Laden . We 've taken strong measures against al Qaeda -- it 's a broken organization , at least as it was in 2001 . And it 's not going to recover , at least not in the near term there . There are other enemies on the ground there in Afghanistan , and it 's been a tough fight . So winning the hearts and minds ? I think we can continue training Afghan security forces . I think we can expect to fulfill the obligations to Hamid Karzai 's government . I think we 'll get an orderly withdrawal out of that region , as President Obama said , -LSB- in -RSB- 2014 . That 's what we 're really looking for . There will be mixed feelings , because those mixed feelings on the ground among the populace are inevitable in wartime . This is a country that 's been through 40 years of war . So , there have been a lot of losses , a lot of tragedy , there 's been a lot of hatred . This is one more small piece of that .	Experts give opinions about photos allegedly showing soldiers with Afghan corpses Ex-CIA agent Robert Baer : This incident further divides U.S. and Afghans Retired U.S. general says photos are "  very damaging " to U.S. effort in Afghanistan Former NATO allied commander says photos do n't represent values of U.S. armed forces
Washington  CNN  -- The Germans , for obvious reasons , prefer their politicians dull . The current German chancellor , Angela Merkel , more than meets local expectations . So on the rare occasion when Merkel says something vivid , something important must be going on . It is . Speaking in Potsdam on Saturday , Chancellor Merkel told a gathering of young Christian Democrats that multiculturalism has failed . That might seem to be saying the obvious . Item : December 20 , 2007 . Two young men are smoking on a Munich subway train , where smoking is prohibited . A fellow passenger , a 76-year-old pensioner , asks them to stop . What happened next was captured on surveillance cameras . The young men call the old man a "  s -- German " and savagely beat and kick him , fracturing his skull . Other passengers on the train failed to intervene . One of the attackers was a Greek immigrant , 17 . The other , 20 , was born in Germany of Turkish parents . The Munich train story captured the attention of the country , symbolizing an apparent deterioration of public order driven by multicultural immigration . After the attack , Hesse governor Roland Koch asked : : "  How much are we prepared to take from a small proportion of violent youths , who frequently have a foreign background ? " There are more than 15 million people living in Germany who were either born outside Germany or whose parents were born outside Germany . That amounts to almost 20 percent of the population . This immigrant population is disproportionately connected to almost all of the social problems of modern Germany . Yet the problem that has transfixed the country is , very understandably , the problem of crime . In Berlin , young men of immigrant stock are three times as likely to commit a crime as young men of German background , reports Germany 's state broadcaster , Deutsche Welle . In a September interview , Chancellor Merkel endorsed claims that religious young men of Muslim origin were more likely to commit acts of violence than other young Germans . These crimes seem increasingly the work of criminal gangs of immigrant origin that organize resistance to police authority in what the German media -- with tabloid exaggeration -- increasingly call "  No Go areas . " Violent assaults upon police officers jumped 60 percent between 2005 and 2009 , according to the German newspaper Bild . Less spectacular -- but as important to ordinary people 's feelings of security -- is the perceived deterioration of public order : declining schools , rising welfare rolls and foiled terrorist attacks . Because of very low birth rates among old-stock Germans , the proportion of foreign-born is highest among those younger than 20s . In the poor Berlin neighborhood of Wedding , three out of four students and at least half the parents lived on unemployment benefits and welfare , even before the global economic crisis . In 2005 , The New York Times interviewed a teacher in a Wedding high school : "  In Wedding , -LSB- Evelyn -RSB- Rühle says , immigrant children today speak poorer German and have less contact with German culture than when she started teaching 20 years ago . Many Muslim students ... go to Koran classes outside of school and speak only Turkish or Arabic at home . Meanwhile , the growth of digital television has made a host of Turkish - and Arabic-language channels available , intensifying language problems and nurturing identities that are informed more by the Israeli-Palestinian conflict or the war in Iraq than by the local German environment . " A high-tech economy offers few opportunities for the poorly educated , with the result that immigrants and their children increasingly find themselves dependent on public assistance . In the United States , immigrants are less likely than the native-born to collect welfare or other social benefits . In Europe , immigrants are radically more likely than the native-born to collect welfare and social benefits , with Third World immigrants collecting the most of all . That 's the findings of a 2005 study by researchers at Prague 's Charles University . European voters have absorbed these uncomfortable data into a suspicious view of newcomer intentions : According to a recent study by the Friedrich Ebert think tank , 34.3 percent of Germans believe that migrants come to Germany primarily to receive welfare benefits . Merkel 's Potsdam speech did not cite those social problems . In Germany , the problems created by immigration literally go without saying , and those who do try to talk about them rapidly find themselves ejected from public life . Thilo Sarrazin , a governor of the Bundesbank  and it 's worth mentioning , a member of the left-of-center Social Democratic party  was pressured to resign his post in September after publishing a book arguing the failure of Germany 's absorption of immigrants . Yet in the words of Sigmund Freud , the repressed always return . Even if Germany and the other European Union countries can prevent the immigration population from growing -- and that is a very uncertain if -- they must find ways to deal with integrating the immigrant population already present , both first - and second - generation . It 's safe to say that no country in Europe is succeeding at that all-important job . Two weeks ago , I visited the British city of Birmingham . In 2005 , the city had been torn by riots that erupted about 50 yards from the lawyer 's office in which I met with four community activists . The riots were sparked when a rumor spread through the neighborhood 's Afro-Caribbean population that some Asian youths had gang-raped a black girl . That rumor proved false , but only after blacks and Asians had fought two days of street battles that left two people dead . I asked these local leaders how things had changed since 2005 . The answer : not very much at all . The authorities had responded to the riots by infusing more money into the community and by intensifying police patrols . But the mutual suspicions between groups had not been allayed . Problems of integration remained . One of the four activists I met was obviously uncomfortable speaking English , even though born and raised in the United Kingdom . One said to me very poignantly : "  The British do n't know who they are , so they ca n't teach us how to adapt . " On the other hand , it 's not so clear how much the newcomers want to adapt . The man who spoke poor English had spent his entire life inside an Islamic school system , memorizing the Quran in Arabic . Hard to see how that form of knowledge would equip anyone for life in a modern technological society . Chancellor Merkel 's Potsdam speech raised the question : Could more be done to accelerate immigrant adaptation ? Unfortunately the speech offered few answers . Quietly , some Europeans are wondering whether Europe -- by stumbling into an American-style immigration policy -- has willy-nilly forced itself to follow other American policies as well : -- Tougher law enforcement and longer prison sentences to fight crime . -- A less generous welfare state that compels migrants to work rather than collect benefits paid for by the native-born . -- A stronger assertion of national identity -- and a more emphatic demand that newcomers adapt to the existing society . These days , many American conservatives are warning that the United States is going the way of Europe . But maybe the real story is the reverse : Is it Europe that will soon be imitating the United States ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	German chancellor Angela Merkel said multiculturalism has n't worked David Frum notes crime , other social problems resulted from immigration into Germany He says Europe may need tougher law enforcement , less generous welfare state Frum : Will Europe soon be imitating the U.S. on immigration policies ?
CNN  -- One of seven suspects charged with murder in the deaths of a Florida couple will be extradited from Alabama to Florida to stand trial , authorities said Monday . Donald Stallworth Jr. will plead not guilty to the slayings , his lawyer says . A warrant for Donald Stallworth Jr. 's extradition has been processed by governors ' offices in Florida and Alabama and sent to the jail where he is being housed , Florida State Attorney Bill Eddins said . "  At this time , he is ready to be transported back to Escambia County , Florida , to face double murder charges and home invasion robbery , " the statement said , adding Stallworth would be transported "  in the very near future . " Stallworth faces charges in connection with the shooting deaths of Byrd and Melanie Billings on July 8 . He is one of seven suspects charged with murder ; an eighth person has been charged with being an accessory after the fact . Authorities have said the Billingses , who were known for adopting special-needs children , were killed during a home invasion robbery in Beulah , Florida . A small safe containing prescription medication , family documents and some jewelry was taken , and later found in the backyard of the eighth suspect , Pamela Wiggins , authorities have said . Two sources familiar with the investigation have told CNN that a second safe at the home contained at least $ 100,000 . Police have described another suspect , Leonard Patrick Gonzalez Jr. , as the organizer of the crime . Escambia County Sheriff David Morgan has said Gonzalez once worked for a car dealership Byrd Billings owned , and court documents state that Gonzalez received financial support from the family for a martial-arts studio he ran . An attorney representing the Billingses has said that Byrd Billings made a nominal donation to Gonzalez 's karate charity . Stallworth 's attorney , David White , said last week that his client would plead not guilty . The evidence against Stallworth is based solely on the word of another suspect who said he was at the crime scene , White said . It was not clear to which suspect White was referring . CNN 's Aaron Cooper and Ross Levitt contributed to this report .	Donald Stallworth Jr. is one of 7 suspects in slayings of Byrd and Melanie Billings Stallworth will be moved from Alabama to Florida to stand trial Billingses were killed during a home invasion robbery in Beulah , Florida
Havana , Cuba -- Alejandro Robaina , considered a legend among Cuban tobacco growers , died Saturday , according to Cuban cigar company Habanos S.A. , which produced cigars named for him . Robaina was 91 . He was diagnosed with cancer last year and died on his farm in the western Cuban province of Pinar del Rio , said Habanos spokesman Jose Antonio Candia . Robaina 's tobacco leaves are considered some of the best in the world . In Cuba , he was called "  The Godfather . " His deeply wrinkled face smiled out from billboards , T-shirts and boxes of Vegas Robaina cigars , among Cuba 's finest . A box of premium Vegas Robaina cigars can fetch more than $ 500 on the international market . But the man behind the smile was also a simple country farmer who got up at the crack of dawn every day to survey his fields until cancer slowed him down . "  I would n't say I 've triumphed , but I 've done something with my life , " he told CNN in 2008 . "  The first thing is to love the land , take care of the land . " Robaina 's family have farmed tobacco continuously since 1845 on the plantation . Under Robaina , business flourished , and the plantation had some of the best yields in the region , producing highly-prized wrapper leaves used for the outer layer of cigars . Cigar aficionados around the globe called him the dean of Cuba 's cigar industry and every year thousands of visitors made the two-hour trek from Havana , hoping to share a stogie and a glass of rum with "  the Don . " Robaina kept his lands even when many ranches were nationalized after the 1959 revolution led by Fidel Castro . "  I had a very strong conversation with Fidel 18 or 20 years ago , " Robaina said in 2008 . "  He asked if I would join a big cooperative since I had so many workers , and I told him no . "  For me tobacco growing had to be in the family , done with love . Because in the big cooperatives , everyone 's the boss , nobody worries as much as the grower . " Now , almost all of Cuba 's tobacco farms are private , according to the Agriculture Ministry . And they generally take their lead from Robaina , planting and harvesting on the same days he did . "  I like to sow during a waxing moon , and harvest in a waning moon , " he said . Robaina said he 'd been smoking cigars since he was 10 years old . "  When I get really old , I 'll stop smoking the strong stuff , " he said . In 1997 , Cuba launched the Vegas Robaina brand , named in his honor . They 're made from the golden wrapper leaves grown on Robaina 's plantation but are rolled in a separate factory . Like most of Cuba 's cigars , they 're largely exported . Because of the U.S. trade embargo , however , Cuban cigars are off-limits in America . Robaina said in 2008 he hoped that policy would end during his lifetime . "  Of course I have hope they 'll open up the market , " he said . "  Cuba 's willing to send cigars and they 're willing to smoke them . They 're going crazy because they ca n't smoke cigars from here . " Robaina will be buried Sunday , said Candia .	Robaina , who was diagnosed with cancer last year , died on his farm in Pinar del Rio Robaina 's tobacco leaves are considered some of the best in the world A box of premium Vegas Robaina cigars can fetch more than $ 500 Robaina kept his lands after the 1959 revolution , when many others ' were nationalized
Ending energy poverty is central to my vision of a resurgent Africa . I am an entrepreneur -- one born , raised , and educated in Africa , creating businesses that span the continent . I have experienced how lack of reliable power has constrained human potential and stifled economic growth . Currently , 589 million of my fellow Africans have no access to electricity and many millions more lack reliable access . This holds back education , drives up the cost of business , and negatively impacts healthcare . We are a continent of entrepreneurs , some of the smartest in the world . But how many aspiring business people can really succeed , and create critical jobs , if they do not have light or the cost of electricity is more than 55 % of the operating costs of their business ? Last week I joined officials from the U.S. agencies , OPIC , USAID and EXIM , along with representatives from American corporations GE and Symbion Power , in testifying before the U.S. Senate Foreign Relations Committee on the progress of President Obama 's Power Africa initiative . The program , launched last July , has set a goal of generating 10,000 MW of additional power in the next five years , and targets an initial six countries , my home country Nigeria included . Power Africa calls for $ 7 billion in U.S. financial support and has already leveraged an additional $ 9 billion in private-sector commitments . Recognizing the centrality of power to Africa 's ability to sustain its own development , Congress is now looking to enact legislation that would ensure that the Presidential initiative defines the future of U.S. engagement on the continent . The House Foreign relations Committee last month passed the Electrify Africa Act which seeks to double the target of new generation capacity to 20,000 MW . The Senate Foreign Relations Committee is expected to introduce its own legislation in the coming weeks . In both houses of Congress there is broad-based bipartisan support . Power Africa has already served to focus the American private sector on Africa as the new frontier for energy investment and has encouraged African countries not selected as Power Africa countries to undertake reforms of their regulatory structures , so as to participate in future power deals and partnerships . My own company , Heirs Holdings , through our subsidiary , Transcorp , committed to invest up to $ 2.5 billion to generate 2,000 MW of electricity over five years , 20 % of the U.S government 's initial goal . Our first transaction has been the Ughelli power plant in the Niger Delta region of Nigeria . The initial investment in the Transcorp Ughelli plant was $ 300 million . When we first took over the plant in November 2013 , its power output was less than 160MW ; today , that has been more than doubled . We project that Ughelli power plant will be generating 725MW by the end of this year . We are also partnering with Symbion Power and GE on a 1000 MGW expansion costing $ 1 billion USD . We are on track to fulfill our commitment to Power Africa and we will be producing the equivalent of almost half of the current total output in Nigeria . In 2015 , we will begin plans to generate power in other West and East African countries . The program also has allowed African businesses to show to the world that they can be equal partners in the process . We are bringing capital and know how , creating genuine partnerships , which benefits all sides . I coined the term "  Africapitalism " to describe our approach to business -- our belief that long-term investment in key sectors , like in power , can create economic prosperity and social wealth , benefiting investors and Africa 's development future . Yet Power Africa must be viewed by the administration and Congress as only a start . The initiative is valued at $ 7 billion and Africa 's power infrastructure needs are estimated to be $ 300 billion . So there is more that we all need to do . Congress should pass legislation before the end of this Congress to secure the expansion of access to electricity in Africa as a development and foreign policy priority . Given the long-term nature of investments in the power sector , these policies must by codified so that they carry over to the next Administration and the next Congress . Like the Africa Growth and Opportunities Act more than a decade ago , such legislation would lay the foundation for a new U.S.-Africa relationship : one based on partnership for mutual economic benefit and the empowerment of the private sector . The U.S. Government should also continue to encourage policy reforms by African governments and institutions . There is no amount of capital investment or entrepreneurial zeal that will provide affordable and sustainable access to electricity for Africa 's one billion people , without the full buy-in and energetic support of African governments . Congress should also make engagement with the African private sector a priority in oversight and new policy-making . Public-private partnerships are critical to developing the African continent , particularly in the power sector . It is important to recognize the revolution that has taken place in the African private sector -- a sea change in terms of innovation , know-how and governance values . Corporate Africa has taken up the challenge . We have a long way to go , but like all long journeys , the journey to infrastructure sufficiency begins with the first step -- or , in this case , the first $ 300 million . We believe that the Power Africa initiative , which places Africans as partners in their own development , will help the continent to emerge as a strong player in the global economy and we are confident that history will remember those who played a role in making it happen . READ THIS : The ` Africapitalist ' powering Africa READ THIS : Can Africa unlock its solar potential ?	Tony O. Elumelu is chairman of Heirs Holdings , a pan-African investment company He says African economic growth is being stifled by lack of reliable power He has pledged $ 2.5 billion to U.S. President Barack Obama 's "  Power Africa " initiative
CNN  -- At an auction at a gallery in New York recently , a piece of artwork sold for a higher price than had been anticipated by the auctioneers : $ 4,080 . It was n't a very big piece of art -- just 8-by-10 inches . Technically , it was n't even art . It was a glossy black-and-white photograph . It had a slight imperfection : there were staple holes in the upper left-hand corner . Someone had written all over the front of the photograph . The person who had scrawled on it was , in fact , the subject of the photograph . He had written : "  To Patricia Keating , with very best wishes , John Kennedy " That is what made the photo so valuable to someone : Kennedy had held it in his hands , had run his pen over it . The owners of Swann Galleries , where the signed photo was auctioned , believe that Kennedy had autographed the picture in 1956 , when he was a United States senator . The picture itself was n't worth much ; but his signature , personalized to Patricia Keating . ... "  As far as we know , she was n't anyone famous , " Rebecca Weiss , a Swann Galleries employee , told me on the day after the auction . "  There 's no particular significance to her name . " Then why would someone pay more than $ 4,000 for the photo ? Weiss told me that the identities of the buyers and sellers at Swann auctions are kept confidential , so she could not disclose who had consigned the photo for sale , or who had purchased it . But she said there is a pretty safe rule of thumb about the sale of autographs of renowned men and women : "  What people are buying is the mystique . They are taking home the autograph knowing that this person once actually touched this item , this person once actually left this imprint , this signature . " She clearly knows what she is talking about ; just this weekend , it was announced that another auctioneer had sold what is purported to be perhaps the last autograph Kennedy ever signed : a copy of the Dallas Morning News that he reportedly signed for a woman upon his arrival in that city on November 22 , 1963 . A man in California purchased it for $ 39,000 . In our digital age , in which images and data are transferred from person to person with the tap of a key , it would seem to be an anachronism : the idea of placing enormous monetary value on pieces of paper upon which prominent individuals once wrote their names . But that personal touch seems to have remained precious ; Weiss said that many , if not most , purchasers of autographed items display them as if they were rare paintings : framed and mounted in places of honor . She did n't have to convince me . I have only two pieces of art hanging in my home , and neither would qualify as art in the conventional sense . But I would n't trade them for Picassos or Van Goghs . The first is an original theater lobby poster for the greatest movie about newspapers ever made : 1952 's "  Deadline -- U.S.A. " , starring Humphrey Bogart . The other piece of art is an autograph -- actually , an entire  if brief  handwritten letter . It is a thank-you note . A thank-you note written to a laundry . At the top of the piece of paper , embossed in the italics/script font style of 1950s suburban-housewife stationery , are the words : "  From the home of ... Elvis Presley " And beneath it , in blue ballpoint pen : "  I should like to commend your Laundry for doing a fantastic job on my clothes , you show esceptional care . Sincerely E.P. " That 's just how , while living in a house on Audubon Drive in Memphis , Tennessee , in the years before he moved to Graceland , he wrote it . "  Laundry " capitalized in the middle of the sentence ; a comma instead of a period after "  clothes " ; "  esceptional " instead of "  exceptional . " I ca n't imagine a more wonderful or telling artifact from Presley 's life . Who writes thank-you notes to their laundries ? The young Elvis , that 's who . There 's such an essential sweetness to it -- to the very fact of the letter , to the formality of his introduction  "  I should like to commend ... "  , to the adjective he chose  "  a fantastic job on my clothes "  . I purchased the letter from a gallery two decades ago  for a price that made me bite the inside of my mouth  , and I would rather own it than the Mona Lisa . I was about to say that I would never part with it , but in fact I once did , for several months . An exhibit called "  American Originals : Treasures from the National Archives " was touring the country , and was scheduled to make a long stop at the Peggy Notebaert Nature Museum of the Chicago Academy of Sciences . Included in the exhibit were the original Louisiana Purchase Treaty , Thomas Edison 's 1879 patent application for the electric lamp and the instrument of surrender of the German High Command during World War II . I thought Elvis belonged there , and persuaded the curators of the museum to accept his thank-you letter on loan . The National Archives said they would not object , so long as Elvis ' note was not in the same room with the more austere documents . It worked out fine ; I thought Elvis would like it that way . He always was proud to be an outsider . In the hallway adjacent to the entrance to the main exhibit -- visitors saw it right as they walked in -- was Elvis ' handwritten letter , in a display case , with a plaque that read : "  This note , written by Elvis Presley when he was on the verge of becoming a star , provides an example of how seemingly trivial documents can increase in value and cultural significance as a result of historic events . It also shows that despite his growing fame in the early 1950s , Presley cared about the feelings of others . " Brings a tear to your eye , does n't it ? I can fully understand why someone in New York the other day would purchase the photograph that John Kennedy once signed for Patricia Keating , whoever she may have been . You do n't have to be Patricia Keating to comprehend the value of that picture , just as you do n't have to be Elvis ' laundry to comprehend the value of that thank-you note . Great art , like great beauty , is where you find it . It is , as they say , in the eye -- or the laundry bag -- of the beholder . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Photo signed by JFK recently sold for $ 4,080 , Greene notes In the digital age , the idea of valuing names on paper seems odd , he says But autographs allow an admirer to make a connection to a hero , he says That makes some autographs more precious than fine art , he says
Myth No. 1 : A suntan 's fine , as long as you do n't burn . Reality : While even one sunburn may double the chance of eventually developing melanoma  the most serious type of skin cancer  , your kids are still at risk even if they never burn . "  The more sun you get , the more likely you are to develop certain skin cancers , " says Martin Weinstock , M.D. , chairman of the American Cancer Society 's Skin Cancer Advisory Group , no matter what your skin tone . "  Any tan indicates damage to your skin . " Myth No. 2 : A beach umbrella blocks the sun . Reality : It 's not foolproof . Sand reflects 17 percent of UV radiation , so you 're still exposed , says Dr. Weinstock . Nevertheless , it 's smart to stay in the shade when the sun 's rays are high ; just make sure you 're also slathered with sunscreen . Myth No. 3 : Sun ca n't penetrate through windows . Reality : Glass filters out only one kind of radiation -- UVB rays . But UVA rays , which penetrate deeper , can still get through . That 's why many adults have more freckles on their left side than their right -- it 's from UV exposure on that side through the car window when driving . To protect yourself , apply sunscreen to any exposed areas  like your hands , forearms , and face  before getting into your car , especially in the spring and summer months , says Anthony Mancini , M.D. , head of pediatric dermatology at Children 's Memorial Hospital in Chicago , Illinois . If you 're buying a new car , consider one with tinted windows , which keep out almost four times more UVA light than regular ones . You do n't need to worry about putting on sunscreen when indoors unless you or your child spends most of your time near a window  for example , if your child 's desk is right next to one  . Parenting.com : TLC for sunburned skin Myth No. 4 : Too much sunscreen causes vitamin D deficiency . Reality : You may have read that extra exposure to sunshine is needed to help your body make vitamin D . But according to the ACS , the American Academy of Dermatology , and the Skin Cancer Foundation , both kids and adults get plenty of this nutrient through multivitamins , vitamin D -- rich foods  like milk and fortified orange juice  , and everyday sun exposure . Also , even if you 're wearing sunscreen , small amounts of UV rays still penetrate your skin , and that 's more than enough to help your body produce vitamin D. Parenting.com : Sun protection 101 Myth No. 5 : If it 's cool or cloudy outside , you do n't need sunscreen . Reality : According to the Skind Cancer Foundation , up to 80 percent of the sun 's UV rays can pass through clouds . This is the reason people often end up with serious sunburns on overcast days if they 've spent time outside with no sun protection . Even in the winter months , you need to beware : Snow can reflect up to 80 percent of UV rays , increasing exposure . This is especially true if your family 's on a ski vacation -- the higher your altitude , the greater your UV exposure . Parenting.com : Your print-and-save guide to warm-weather safety Myth No. 6 : 80 percent of sun damage occurs before age 18 . Reality : Contrary to previous estimates , recent studies show that we get less than 25 percent of our total lifetime sun exposure before age 18 . That means you get the majority of it later on . So while you absolutely should be vigilant about protecting your kids , make sure you take care of yourself , too . While 83 percent of parents arm their kids with sunscreen and protective clothing whenever they 're outdoors , only two-thirds practice what they preach , according to a 2005 AAD survey . "  Remember , kids do n't always pay attention to what you say -- it 's more about what you do , " says Dr. Weinstock . "  If you 're making them wear sunscreen but baking yourself , you 're sending them a mixed message they may carry into adulthood . " E-mail to a friend	Kids still at risk even if they never burn ; even slight tan indicates damage Up to 80 percent of the sun 's ultraviolet rays can pass through clouds Glass , like a car window , filters UVB rays , but not deeper-penetrating UVA
CNN  -- Arizona 's attorney general proposed arming one principal or employee at each school to defend against attacks such as the recent Connecticut school massacre . "  The ideal solution would be to have an armed police officer in each school , " Attorney General Tom Horne said in a news release Wednesday . But budget cuts have limited the number of Arizona schools with "  school resource officers " on campus , he said . The "  next best solution , " Horne said , "  is to have one person in the school trained to handle firearms , to handle emergency situations , and possessing a firearm in a secure location . " A shooter , armed with a semiautomatic rifle and two other guns , on December 14 killed 26 people -- including six faculty members and 20 young students -- at Sandy Hook Elementary in Newtown . Horne compared the plan to the FAA 's program adopted after the September 11 , 2001 , attacks to arm airline pilots . A school would be invited to send the principal "  or another designee " to "  training in the use of firearms and how to handle emergencies such as that which occurred in Newtown , " Horne 's release said . Horne 's office would oversee the free training with help from sheriffs , he said . "  The designated individual  no more than one per school  would then be authorized to keep a firearm locked in a secure place , and would have adequate communication to be alerted to an emergency in any part of the school , " the release said . Newspaper publishes names , addresses of gun permit holders Several Arizona sheriffs have joined in to support the proposal , Horne said . Legislation to allow it will be introduced by the Republican leader in the state House , he said . "  This proposal presents a golden mean between two extremes , " Horne said . "  One extreme is to allow all teachers to bring guns to school , which could create more dangers than it prevents . The other extreme is to do nothing , which everyone will regret if a preventable incident like Newtown would occur in the future . " CNN 's Greg Morrison contributed to this report .	Arming principals is "  next best solution " to police in schools , Attorney General Tom Horne says Schools could send the principal or a designee to gun , emergency training Those schools could keep on firearm "  locked in a secure place " for when needed
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- One of the things I find frustrating about modern American life is we wait for someone else -- anybody else -- to solve whatever problem it is that 's out there . Clark Howard says Best Buy should have lauded employees who ran after a shoplifter , not fired them . We see something and feel like it 's not our job . It 's the "  not in my silo " mentality found in corporate America . But there are times we wait for help to arrive when we 're the help we seek . Unfortunately , this mentality has seeped beyond corporate America into normal earthlings . Have you heard the story about Jared Bergstreser and Colin Trapp ? These two Best Buy employees tackled a shoplifter they saw busting out of their Denver , Colorado-area store with stolen electronics . They wrestled the suspect to the ground at great personal risk . The perpetrator pulled out a knife and cut a manager before ultimately escaping , according to The Wall Street Journal . Bergstreser had been a three-year employee , while Trapp was on the job for less than a year . What did Best Buy do for these employees who showed such extreme loyalty ? They fired them . A spokeswoman for Best Buy said the company wo n't comment on the terminations . However , she said the company 's employees are aware of a policy of not pursuing shoplifters . Best Buy says the policy is in place for the safety of its employees . Watch Clark reveal a Vegas vacation scam " This case is not unusual . I am privy to a story about a separate incident that happened with a discount retailer . Again , a couple of guys I know who were employees tackled a shoplifter . The suspect then pulled out a gun and tried to shoot them . They managed to disarm the shoplifter after he fired and he was taken into custody . Did they get a reward or bonus from their employer ? No , they were canned . I got some interesting reactions when I discussed these two stories in a pre-show meeting with my team . Somebody immediately piped up saying , "  Of course they have to fire them because of liability . " Liability ?! One of my producers even called me a vigilante . After all , I 'm the guy who chased down my own mugger on a Madrid subway train during a staff trip to Spain . In retrospect , what I did was really stupid because I could have gotten injured or worse . But my natural instinct just took over and I successfully recovered my wallet . The idea that we 're supposed to stand by idly and allow people to steal from us or steal from an employer is something that I just can not support . I think we have a responsibility to get involved . Otherwise , if you let a small number of lawbreakers get away with it whenever , then they get away with it over and over and over again . I could understand if Best Buy were so cowardly and afraid of a lawsuit that they felt these two employees should be sent to "  Best Buy re-education camp . " Fine . But to fire them for trying to stop a brazen criminal who was armed and dangerous and busting out of the store with electronics ? I just do n't get it . And remember , when Bergstreser and Trapp went after this person , there was no benefit for them , unlike my experience being mugged in Madrid . They were putting themselves in danger to protect their employer . You should be , if not rewarded for that , then at least not punished ! I believe Best Buy is sending a terrible message by firing them . What do you think ?	Howard says there are times we wait for help to arrive when we 're the help we seek Best Buy employees tackle shoplifter and get fired as a result Howard says incident is not unusual but sends a terrible message
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Billionaire Donald Sterling opposes his wife 's effort to sell the couple 's ownership of the Los Angeles Clippers for a record $ 2 billion because he was negotiating a big broadcast deal with Fox that would be worth more , he testified Tuesday . Sterling was asked by his wife 's attorney whether he was fighting her proposed deal because he wanted to restore his dignity . "  The reason you are handling the case is because you want to charge millions in fees , right ? " Donald Sterling said in a probate court trial . "  The reason is not because of my dignity . " Sterling cited how another NBA franchise in Los Angeles -- the Lakers -- struck a deal with Time Warner Cable to broadcast its games for 20 years for a reported $ 3 billion in 2011 . "  The reason is that the Lakers signed a deal with Warners for $ 3 billion . The reason is , I am negotiating with Fox , " Sterling said . Fox representatives could n't be immediately reached for comment Tuesday . Donald Sterling became tearful describing his wife as a wonderful person , but one who can not run all the couple 's corporations . "  My wife ca n't run anything . She is beautiful , she is intelligent . But she ca n't run these things . You think it 's my ego ? " Donald Sterling said on the stand . Donald Sterling testified for the first time in a trial examining how his wife had him declared mentally incapacitated and then took over the couple 's trust that owns the Clippers . Shelly Sterling is trying to sell the basketball team to former Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer , but Donald Sterling is opposing the proposed sale . The NBA ordered the couple to sell the team after Donald Sterling made racial slurs against African-Americans in an audio recording . Donald Sterling , an attorney , was combative on the stand at times , but he also had the entire courtroom laughing at least three times . The judge warned him he was a witness , and not a lawyer trying to control the courtroom . The trial , which began Monday , was continued until Wednesday . Donald Sterling will return to the witness stand at 1:30 p.m. PT . Shelly Sterling also was in the courtroom Tuesday . During an afternoon recess , Shelly Sterling approached her husband , and he gave her a kiss . She cried and then left the courtroom . She later returned . Earlier in the trial 's second day , the attorneys for Donald Sterling cross-examined a physician who had certified Sterling as mentally incapacitated . The questioning of the doctor stopped when she needed to retrieve more of her notes . Dr. James Edward Spar , a second physician who examined Sterling and also certified him as similarly incapacitated , also took the stand Tuesday . He was asked to send more documents to Donald Sterling 's legal team . A state judge in Los Angeles is hearing evidence on whether Shelly Sterling acted properly when she removed her husband from the couple 's trust , in which they equally own the NBA franchise . Tuesday 's proceeding began with testimony from Dr. Meril S. Platzer , a neurologist who was one of two physicians who examined Donald Sterling and certified him as being mentally incapacitated and unable to continue as trustee . A third physician reviewed those findings and endorsed their conclusions . Shelly Sterling took over the couple 's trust after doctors made the determination about his mental state . Donald Sterling 's lawyers say he was tricked into the medical examinations . They also dispute the assessment that their client is mentally deficient . Late last month , another doctor found Donald Sterling to be mentally fit , a source with knowledge of the situation told CNN . In court Monday , Platzer said she examined Donald Sterling on May 19 and found he is suffering from early stages of Alzheimer 's and may have had it for three to five years . Platzer said in a May 29 certification that Donald Sterling has "  an impairment of his level of attention , information processing , short-term memory impairment and ability to modulate mood , emotional liability , and is at risk of making potentially serious errors of judgment , " court papers said . Spar , a specialist in geriatric psychiatry who examined Donald Sterling on May 22 , said Sterling suffers "  mild global cognitive impairment " and "  the overall picture is consistent with early Alzheimer 's disease , but could reflect other forms of brain disease , " court papers said . Under the trust agreement , if Donald Sterling became mentally incapacitated , he would be removed as a trustee , Shelly Sterling 's attorney said . But the judge said he is not deciding on Donald Sterling 's mental capacity . Rather , the judge is going to rule only on issues of the trust and whether its procedures were followed correctly . Donald Sterling 's mental capacity not issue for trial CNN 's Paul Vercammen contributed to this report .	NEW : Donald Sterling says he is negotiating with Fox for Clippers games NEW : He cites how the Lakers struck a $ 3 billion deal with Time Warner Cable NEW : He denies he is opposing his wife over ` dignity ' NEW : ` My wife ca n't run anything , ' Donald Sterling testifies
CNN  -- A Southern California woman was in jail Wednesday after allegedly drugging her husband , cutting off his penis , throwing it into the garbage disposal and turning it on , Orange County police said . Catherine Kieu Becker put a drug or poison in her husband 's dinner Monday evening to make him sleepy , according to the initial police investigation . "  The victim went to lie down and he woke up tied to the bed with his wife tugging his clothes off , " police said . "  The suspect grabbed the victim 's penis and cut it off . " Becker told police he "  deserved it " when they arrived at the scene after she called 911 , the police report said . The couple is going through a divorce . Becker , 48 , was arrested for aggravated mayhem , false imprisonment , assault with a deadly weapon , administering a drug with intent to commit a felony , poisoning , and spousal abuse . She was booked into the Orange County Jail . The 51-year-old victim , who has n't been identified because he is an alleged victim of spousal abuse , underwent emergency surgery at the UCI Medical Center , police said . CNN 's Samuel Gardner III contributed to this report	NEW : The couple is going through a divorce Catherine Kieu Becker , 48 , is arrested for aggravated mayhem She is accused of drugging her husband and cutting off his penis , police say The couple is going through a divorce , according to police
CNN  -- After hours of back and forth between members , the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America decided Friday evening to accept noncelibate clergy members and lay leaders who are in "  lifelong " and "  monogamous " same-sex relationships . Previous Evangelical Lutheran Church policy allows gay and lesbian clergy , lay people to serve only if celibate . One of the country 's largest Protestant denominations , the Lutheran church approved four recommendations to its ministry 's policies that underscore a new approach to homosexuality . While the recommendations passed at the weeklong Churchwide Assembly in Minneapolis , Minnesota , do not address recognizing same-sex marriage or civil unions , they do allow congregations to support same-sex relationships among their members and allow individuals in same-sex relationships to hold clergy positions . The previous policy of the 4.6-million member church allowed gay people to serve as members of professional rosters only if they were celibate . Some members argued prior to the vote that the change would fly in the face of religious teachings . "  Brothers and sisters , I ask you , before you dig yourselves deeper into this hole , if you are so absolutely certain that these behaviors are not sinful that you are willing to place yourselves and this church at the spiritual risk that comes from encouraging sin , " said the Rev. Steven Frock of the Western Iowa Synod . Among those on the other side was Alan Wold of the Northern Illinois Synod . "  If according to some I am going to be in err for supporting this ... Let me err on the side of mercy , grace , justice , and love of neighbor . Let me err on the side of gospel , which makes all things new . " Many feared the emotional debate could tear at the unity of the church . So the members voted to re-order their resolutions -- moving to the top a resolution that the church "  commit itself to bear one another 's burdens , love thy neighbor , and respect the bound consciences of all . " It passed with overwhelming support . Other religious denominations , including Episcopalians and Unitarians , have made moves to accept gay clergy , and Evangelical Lutherans would not be the first to accept those openly in same-sex relationships , said David Masci , a senior researcher at the Pew Forum on Religion and Public Life . But ELCA would be the largest to make such a move . The church is the third largest Protestant denomination , representing 2 percent of the U.S. population , according to the Pew Forum . The battle Friday was the latest in what Masci said many "  socially moderate " denominations , including those in Judaism , are grappling with : balancing the growing acceptance of same-sex relationships with traditional teachings . As some have moved toward accepting same-sex relationships , within those same denominations "  you see more conservative wings that are pushing back against it , " said Masci . On hand for Friday 's debate were hundreds of "  interested parties " -- including some people who are not members of the church , said John Brooks , ELCA spokesman . When asked whether there had been protests or rallies on either side outside the convention site , he responded , "  Interestingly , no . " In the convention hall , Brooks said , "  The debates have n't been rancorous or mean-spirited in any way . They 've been quite civil . But people have been passionate with their feelings . " The Rev. Terri Stagner-Collier of the Southeastern Synod said a vote in favor of the resolutions would cause members of her own family to leave the church . Her sister "  felt her church was being ripped away from her , " Stagner-Collier said tearfully , adding , I urge you not to do this to all of those people in the pew and in my family . " Sara Gross of the Oregon Synod said some "  dear members " of the church will be lost if the resolution passes . But , she said , "  A vote to reject this recommendation sends a message to the world saying ` not all are welcome . ' " In a "  changing world , " Gross argued , the Evangelical Lutheran Church of America "  needs to be a voice that stands up and says ` yes . ' " CNN 's Josh Levs contributed to this report .	Evangelical Lutheran Church to accept gay clergy in lifelong relationships New policy would allow them to serve if in monogamous relationships Previous policy allows gays , lesbians to serve as clergy , lay leaders if celibate
Washington  CNN  -- The next time Michelle Obama goes to rally for a candidate at a campaign event , she might want to take a good look at the sign pasted on the front of her podium . Speaking at an event for Iowa Senate candidate Bruce Braley , the first lady mispronounced the Democratic hopeful 's name not once , not twice , but seven times in front of a crowd of supporters . "  I 'm very excited to be here to support your next Senator from Iowa , our friend Bruce Bailey , " the first lady said commencing her speech on Friday . "  Iowa , if you want a leader that shares your values and will stand up for your families out in Washington , then you need to elect Bruce Bailey to the U.S. Senate , " she said again a few sentences later . Obama continued to mispronounce the Braley 's name five more times until she was interrupted by an audience member , who made her aware of her continued slip-up . "  Braley ? " she asked , looking quizzical . "  What did I say ? I 'm losing it , " she laughed . "  I 'm getting old . " "  Vote dot Bruce Braley dot com , " she finally said , correcting herself , to some very loud applause . "  I know where I am . I know what I 'm doing , " she reassured the crowd . Republicans were quick to criticize the first lady for her mistake . "  First lady botches name of Dem Senate candidate at rally , " Republican National Committee spokesman Sean Spicer tweeted . "  WH Legal Counsel might want to prepare for a call from Bruce Braley , got ta avoid a "  litigious situation " over mispronouncing name #IAsen , " National Republican Senatorial Committee spokesman Brad Dayspring tweeted . Donald Trump also weighed in . "  If a conservative Republican made the mistake that Mrs. Obama just made by calling Braley by the wrong name , it would be the biggest story ! " Key Midterm races to watch At least the first lady was n't the first high-profile Democrat to make this exact same blunder . At the Harkin Steak Fry just a few weeks ago in Iowa , former President Bill Clinton also botched Braley 's last name . "  You know what you ought to do to honor the Harkin legacy -- and that is to elect Bruce Bailey , " Clinton said . Later , in what could have simply been the case of a tangled tongue , the first lady also made an incorrect comment about Braley 's past . "  As the son of a schoolteacher -- and I love his mom too -- As a Marine Corps Veteran , Bruce worked his way through college , waiting tables , working at a grain elevator , building bridges with a county roads department , " Obama said . Braley is not a Marine Corps veteran , although his father , Byard Braley , was . The first lady was referencing Braley 's parents in the beginning part of the sentence .	First lady Michelle Obama mispronounces Iowa Senate candidate 's name seven times Former President Bill Clinton made the same mistake a few weeks ago Obama also confused Braley and his father , calling him a Marine Corps veteran
CNN  -- Family , friends , and other mourners will lay to rest the body of Autumn Pasquale , the 12-year-old-girl prosecutors say two teenage neighbors murdered last week in Clayton , New Jersey , on Saturday . A public viewing will be held from 8 a.m. to 2 p.m. Saturday , followed by a funeral Mass at Our Lady of Lourdes Church in Glassboro . Burial will be at Cedar Grove Cemetery in Clayton , according to Barclay Funeral Home . "  I know she 's up there ... " a distraught Anthony Pasquale , Autumn 's father , told CNN affiliate WPVI in Philadelphia . "  She 's in good hands . She 's going to be watching over us . She 's going to be our little angel . " "  She 'd want us to stay strong , " added Jenn Cornwell , Autumn 's mother . Two teenage brothers were arrested Wednesday and charged with first-degree murder in Pasquale 's death , according to authorities . "  The brothers are ages 15 and 17 years old , and both are in police custody , " Gloucester County Prosecutor Sean Dalton said Tuesday , adding that the younger brother had also been charged with one count of luring . Prosecutors believe Autumn was lured this past weekend to the home of the boys ' family , where they murdered her -- possibly for her BMX bike , which police found among some of the girl 's belongings when they searched the site early Tuesday . Autumn 's body was found Monday in a recycling container . Dalton said she was strangled and died from blunt-force trauma , but based on preliminary findings , there were no signs of sexual assault . Police were aided by the suspects ' mother , who contacted police because of a suspicious Facebook posting , according to Dalton . The young suspects turned themselves in , accompanied by their court appointed attorneys , on Tuesday . "  We 're strongly considering waiving them to adult court . However , we want to let the process take its part , " Dalton said . In New Jersey , authorities are not permitted to release the names of juveniles charged with a crime . "  They need to pay for what they did for my daughter , " Cornwell told WPVI . According Bernie Weisenfeld , spokesman for the Gloucester County Prosecutor 's office , the juvenile defendants are due in court Friday morning for a detention hearing .	Funeral for 12-year-old girl killed in New Jersey will be Saturday Two juveniles charged with first-degree murder will appear in court Friday Police were led to pair of brothers by the teens ' mothers Authorities are considering charging the pair as adults
Rolling Stone  -- Charlie Sheen looks back on his rocky past while plotting the next phase of his career in the new issue of Rolling Stone , on newsstands Friday . The actor , who walked away from the massively popular CBS sitcom "  Two and a Half Men " last year after a bizarre public meltdown -- complete with its own set of memorable catchphrases , from "  Winning ! " to "  Tiger Blood " -- will soon star in the new FX show "  Anger Management . " On his post - "  Two and a Half Men " antics : "  Clearly , a guy gets fired , his relationships are in the toilet , he 's off on some f ****** tour , there 's nothing ` winning ' about any of that . I mean , how does a guy who 's obviously quicksanded , how does he consider any of it a victory ? I was in total denial . " On being off the wagon and making no bones about it : "  I mean , the s *** works . Sorry , but it works . Anyway , I do n't see what 's wrong with a few drinks . What 's your drink ? Tequila ? Mine 's vodka . Straight , because I 've always said that ice is for injuries , ha ha . " On his foot fetish : "  I 've not dated girls because of their feet , just the length of certain toes and the shape of where things should be and they 're not . Hammertoes are bad . And the second toe being too long ? That 's bad , too . " On his mended relationship with ex-wife Denise Richards : "  He and I are like best friends now , " says Richards . "  Confidants . He tells me everything . " Adds Sheen , "  And we sleep in separate rooms . Everybody 's going to want to know that , too . " See the full story at RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	Charlie Sheen will soon star in the new FX show "  Anger Management " "  I do n't see what 's wrong with a few drinks , " Sheen told Rolling Stone "  He and I are like best friends now , " says ex-wife Denise Richards
Newark , New Jersey  CNN  -- They arrived in the United States from West Africa , young girls held against their will and forced to work for hours on end . But this time , it did n't happen hundreds of years ago . Nicole 's journey started in 2002 , when she was barely 12 , in her small village in western Ghana . She and about 20 other girls were held in plain sight , but always under the watchful eyes of their captors . "  It was like being trapped , like being in a cage , " said "  Nicole , " now 19 . CNN agreed not to use her real name . "  I always have to behave , behave , behave , behave . No freedom at all . " The girls ' families sent them to the United States after being assured they would receive a better education . But once they arrived , they were forced to work in hair braiding shops across the Newark area -- just a short drive from New York City , right in the shadow of the Statue of Liberty . The girls , who are now young women , have never spoken publicly before , until now . "  It was horrible , " said Zena Amevor , who was 15 when she was brought over from Togo . "  Sometimes there was not enough food for us to eat . ... It was like a prison . I was just stuck there . ... It was horrible . " For the first time , the former slaves provided details about their horrifying odyssey and an intimate view into the world of human trafficking and contemporary slavery . "  Jacqueline " was 13 when her family sent her to the United States , not knowing that a woman she called "  auntie " was a human trafficker . It was unclear if the woman was a blood relative . "  My dad ... worked hard so I could go to school , so when my auntie came and told my family that I could go to a school in the U.S. ... they trusted her , " she said . "  Everyone was happy about it . " The girls worked in the salons right out in the open , in front of customers . They were on their feet all day , sometimes for more than 12 hours , weaving intricate and elaborate hair braids , seven days a week . This went on for more than five years . "  We stood there all day , just braiding , " Jacqueline said . "  If they want really small braids , you stay there sometimes until 2 a.m. ... That 's every day . " At times , they were forced to braid the hair of American teenagers no older than they were -- girls who were free and had no idea the people braiding their hair were slaves . "  I wished I could go with them , " Nicole said . "  Most of the time , I 'd end up just breaking down later crying ... because when I see teenagers going around , going to the movies and just being a teen ... I just could n't understand why my life has to be this way ... " In one of the many ironies in the case , the customers whose hair was braided by the slave girls were mostly African-American women , many of whom could have been descendants of slaves brought to America generations ago . Slavery through trafficking continues widely today in the United States , though often undetected , according to law enforcement officials . Nicole , Zena , Jacqueline and the other girls were held in groups in several houses around Newark and East Orange , New Jersey . The girls were brought to the United States at different times between 2002 and 2007 , according to court documents . As the group grew , the traffickers ran out of places to put them and had to rent more living quarters . The homes were always in the middle of residential areas with manicured lawns and nice houses , often near churches , schools and community buildings . "  I think it 's hard for people to believe that in 2010 , we have people who actually put people in slavery , " said Paul Fishman , the U.S. attorney for New Jersey , whose office successfully prosecuted the case . "  It 's the most fundamental and intolerable violation of human rights . " The traffickers convicted in this case were a mother , father and son who also came from West Africa , according to court documents and law enforcement officials . Nicole , Zena and Jacqueline described living in fear shortly after they arrived in the United States , forced to work by day at the hair salons and sleeping in groups on the floor at night . "  When I got here ... I asked her if I was going to school , and she said there was no school , " Jacqueline said , referring to her auntie , the trafficking ringleader . "  I said , ` I 'm not going to school ? ' -LSB- and -RSB- she said , ` no ' ... and that was her decision and she was n't going to change it . " The captors controlled the girls by beating them , withholding food , keeping them separated from anyone else and , at times , through sexual abuse , according to court documents . The young women who spoke to CNN described years of cruelty , physical abuse , beatings with wood or metal objects , extreme isolation and sleeping on mattresses on floors in filthy conditions . Even their phone calls back to their families were monitored by their captors . "  I always thought of running -LSB- away -RSB- , but I know nobody , " Zena said . "  I do n't know where to go , did n't have -LSB- any -RSB- friends , nobody to talk to , so it was kind of hard . ... I had nowhere to go to . " Five years after the girls began arriving , U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents received a tip and began extensive surveillance on the houses where the girls were kept . After months of surveillance , the ICE agents raided the houses in 2007 . Inside , they found the girls and mattresses on the floor . The traffickers had hidden bags of cash and the girls ' passports . Peter Edge , who led the team of agents , said none of the girls ' customers ever called officials to help . "  Hundreds of people came into these salons , they probably witnessed things out of the ordinary , " said Edge , special agent in charge of ICE 's Homeland Security Investigations in Newark . "  These girls were shielded from the outside world , virtually hidden in plain sight ... from everything else that was around them . " Edge and the girls said several customers asked about the girls ' ages , and the girls -- following the orders of their captors -- lied and said they were 18 . "  I wish one of my customers ... would have gone to police , " Nicole said . "  I wish they would have helped me . " In the 2007 raid , the ICE agents found a notebook the girls used to track the tips they received , but could n't keep , at the hair salon . Ironically , on the cover of the notebook was a picture of the Statue of Liberty . More than two years later , Akouavi Afolabi ; her husband , Lassissi Afolabi ; and their son , Dereck Hounakey , were convicted of running the trafficking ring . Akouavi Afolabi was the ringleader , while her husband and son were accomplices , according to court documents . In September of this year , a Newark court sentenced Akouavi Afolabi to 27 years in prison , while her husband received 24 years and their son received 4 1/2 years . The girls had to testify against the Afolabis in court . "  I remember crying . All I did was cry . It was overwhelming , " Nicole said . "  I told myself , ` She finally got what she deserved ' ... she did really , really wrong . She treated us bad . And she was heartless ... and I 'm happy she was caught . " Court records show the Afolabis knew many of the families whose girls they lured away to become their slaves . They had an elaborate scheme to lure the girls : Mrs. Afolabi would approach families of young girls in Ghana and Togo , where she had connections , and tell the families she would give the girls an education in the United States . They then used fraudulent visa papers to sneak the girls into the country . Experts say the main reason for most modern-day human trafficking is money . "  Human trafficking is extremely profitable , " said Bridgette Carr , a law professor and a national expert on human trafficking . The customers at the hair braiding salon where Zena and Nicole were forced to work would sometimes pay as much as $ 200 to $ 400 for elaborate braiding that would take many hours to complete . The traffickers took every penny made by the girls , both in tips and payments for their hair braiding . They made about $ 4 million , according to court documents . "  It 's so profitable that we are seeing some drug traffickers get out of drug trafficking and into human trafficking , " said Carr , who teaches law at the University of Michigan Law School in Ann Arbor . Carr heads a clinic that is helping Nicole and many of the other girls move ahead with their lives . "  Sadly , the work of our clinic is necessary in every community in America , " she said . "  Human trafficking , also known as modern-day slavery , exists in big cities , in small towns , in rural areas with no towns , exists in restaurants , in hair salons , in hotels and in farmwork . "  Almost every industry you can think of , there is an opportunity there for someone to be exploited . This is everywhere in the U.S. " Today , Nicole , Zena , Jacqueline and the other girls are trying to move on with their lives . Several are in high school , and one has recently been accepted into college . Most of the girls have not been able to return home to see their families in West Africa . When asked why she agreed to finally talk out about such a painful chapter of her life , Nicole said she wanted to raise awareness about what other young girls may be going through . "  I want to tell people that slavery exists , " she said . "  It 's huge , and it 's really happening here . " Watch Anderson Cooper 360 ° weeknights 10pm ET . For the latest from AC360 ° click here .	Zena and Nicole were sent from West Africa to the U.S. with promise of an education They and others ended up working as slaves in hair braiding salons in New Jersey They spoke out for the first time about their ordeal to CNN "  American Slaves : Hiding in Plain Sight " airs tonight on AC360 ° at 10 ET on CNN
CNN  -- Freed Iranian-American journalist Roxana Saberi thanked friends and family Tuesday for their support during her ordeal in an Iranian prison , and said she plans to spend the next few days relaxing . Roxana Saberi smiles ouside her home in Tehran , Iran , on Tuesday . "  I am , of course , very happy to be free and to be with my parents again , " a smiling Saberi , 32 , told reporters . Saberi , who was dressed in a black tunic and a blue headscarf , said she was only now learning of a global support campaign on her behalf . "  I want to thank all the people all over the world , who , whether they knew me or not , helped me and my family during this period , " she said . "  I do n't have any specific plans for the moment . I just want to be with my parents and my friends and to relax . " Reza Saberi , her father , said they plan to leave Iran soon . Saberi was convicted last month on espionage charges in a one-day trial that was closed to the public . She was sentenced to eight years in prison after being accused of spying for the United States . A judge changed Saberi 's sentence during an appeal hearing Monday . The court agreed with her lawyers that , because Iran is not at war with the United States , Saberi can not be punished for cooperating with agents of a hostile nation , according to Saberi 's spokesman , Abdolsamad Khorramshahi . Her sentence was changed to a two-year jail term , suspended for five years , Iran 's state-run news agency IRNA reported . Saberi was detained in January after initially being accused of buying a bottle of wine and working as a journalist without proper accreditation , according to the Committee to Protect Journalists , an advocacy group . She was soon charged with espionage . Saberi went on a hunger strike while imprisoned , but her father said she has since put on some weight .	Father of Roxana Saberi says they plan to leave Iran soon Saberi , 33 , was convicted last month on espionage charges Her sentence was changed to a two-year jail term , suspended for five years She has lived in Iran since 2003 , reporting for international news organizations
CNN  -- By now the story has become familiar , though it 's no less gut-wrenching : A grown man is accused of hurling a racial insult at a crying toddler on an Atlanta-bound flight and then slapping the child when he wo n't quiet down . Joe Rickey Hundley of Idaho has been charged with assaulting 19-month-old Jonah Bennett and has lost his job . Hundley turned himself in to authorities on Tuesday and was released on bail . His first court appearance has not been set . Hundley 's attorney , Marcia Shein , said her client is being unfairly portrayed . A good deal of the conversation surrounding the incident involves the fear that the youngster may be "  traumatized forever . " How likely is it that little Jonah will remember this incident or be affected by it long-term ? Not very likely , according to experts . "  He may remember it for a while , and he may be fearful , but a one-time experience wo n't have a long-term effect , " said Atlanta pediatrician Dr. Jennifer Shu . According to Shu , who has not treated the toddler , Jonah is too young to understand what is going on . The incident was shocking in the moment , says Shu . The toddler understands the slap and knows that someone hit him and that it hurt . But he does n't know or comprehend the significance of what happened . Nor would he understand the meaning if ugly words were directed at him . Dr. Theodore Gaensbauer , clinical professor of psychiatry at the University of Colorado Health Sciences Center and author of the study "  Emotional Expression in Infancy , " agrees . "  I would not say it will cause lifelong trauma , depending on how it 's handled , " observed Gaensbauer , who is a national expert on preschool trauma . The experience may , however , create a vulnerability for a period of time , perhaps months or up to a year or so . If something else happens that is reminiscent -- such as being subject to racially charged slurs and violence similar to the alleged incident -- he may be more vulnerable . Early childhood trauma is certainly a cause for concern . Dr. Rajita Sinha , director of the Yale Stress Center , told me last year that stressful experiences can effectively rewire the brain to respond to hardship by becoming more sensitized to stress . That is , the child becomes hard-wired to react much more strongly than someone who did not experience a lot of turmoil . As a result , the child may go on to have a permanently elevated level of stress , with its adverse implications for physical and psychological health . But challenging situations , even one as dramatic as the one little Jonah Bennett experienced , do not necessarily lead to lifelong issues . Sinha observed that it 's stress that is sustained , uncontrollable and overwhelming that is damaging . "  It is hard to be resilient that often , " said Gaensbauer , who also has not examined Jonah Bennett . But even then , protective factors like social and family support , education and optimism and emotional self-regulation can provide a safety net for children . Both Shu and Gaensbauer observe that most children can work through and overcome a single traumatic episode without any obvious long-term effects , given supportive parenting and caretaking . "  How secure is the child 's relationship with his caregivers ? " Shu asked . If he 's had good relationships and solid attachments , that will make him more able to deal with traumatic situations like this . On the other hand , if he 's had a lot of stress in his life already , it may make it harder . What 's really important is how Jonah 's family is dealing with the incident . Shu says that if the family is calm and reassuring , the child will be comforted by that . If they are stressed out and expressing their anxieties , particularly within the toddler 's earshot , he is likely to respond by becoming stressed as well . After traumatic incidents , Gaensbauer always recommends that caregivers look out for subtle signs that children may be adversely affected : "  Things like increased clinginess , bed-wetting or separation anxiety . He may need to be closer to his parents . He may have trouble sleeping , may be more hyper . Noises may make him fearful . " The child may even hit others , cautions Gaensbauer . And in such an instance , it 's important that parents do not react punitively or generalize in terms of their child being more aggressive . "  What he 's doing is imitating and reenacting what he experienced , in an attempt to understand it . " Gaensbauer suggest that play therapy may be useful . Caregivers can use dolls , play materials and toy airplanes to create a scene that helps the child to conceptualize and develop a narrative around what happened . Over and above providing reassurance and empathy , caregivers need to help children understand that the experience was unique , "  so they 're not living with this undercurrent of anxiety that no matter where I am , suddenly , for reasons I do n't understand , something terrible can happen , and someone can come along and hurt me . " It 's important to make the unconscious conscious , within the bounds of children 's understanding , says Gaensbauer . At age 2 , a child does not understand what happened , but with the wisdom , care and support of his loved ones , over time , he will .	Joe Rickey Hundley is accused of slapping 19-month-old Jonah Bennett on a flight Hudley was charged with assault after incident , in which he allegedly used racial slur Many CNN commenters wondered whether the child would be traumatized Experts say a one-time incident of this nature is not likely to have lasting effects
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Hailed as India 's greatest actor , he 's the legendary star of Sholay and leader of the mighty Bachchan clan . CNN talked to Amitabh Bachchan , the De Niro of Bollywood , at an International Indian Film Academy event in London ... ... . Amitabh Bachchan talks to Myleene on the green carpet at the Indian Film Awards in Yorkshire , England CNN : Right now , it 's an exciting time for Bollywood . Amitabh Bachchan : Yes , I think it is . It 's a great progression from where we were a few years ago , where even though we were the highest-making film nation in the world , we were looked upon with a certain amount of criticism and skepticism about our content and the way we make our films . Gradually , over the years , people have come to expect and accept that this is how we make the films , and it 's all turning out to be profitable and exciting with viewers all over the world . CNN : Why do you think people had been so skeptical ? Bachchan : Well , they felt that the content was n't exciting enough , they could n't understand the song and dance routine , they did n't like the very cliched stories or formulaic storylines , but that 's the way we are . We must have song and dance in our lives ; we 've had it ever since the inception of cinema in India . Our stories are very social-based , very human-based . We are a very emotional nation . All our culture and tradition of over 5,000 years has come through a lot of heat and fire and eventually come out on top . That 's how it is , and that 's how it 's going to remain . CNN : Is Bollywood escapism for the Indian people ? Bachchan : You have to see it in a larger perspective . There are large numbers of people in India below the poverty line , there are large numbers of people who lead a meager existence . They want to find a little escape from the hardships of life , and come and watch something colorful and exciting and musical . Indian cinema provides that . So yes , the content of our television and our cinema is escapist in nature because we are there to provide entertainment . The select group of people who do make realistic cinema , who do make cinema perhaps a little more acceptable to the Western audience , is a very small percentage . CNN : What are the main differences between a Hollywood and a Bollywood actor ? Bachchan : Conceptually we are both the same . We are all human beings , we are actors , we are put in different situations and conditions and we act . Perhaps the content of the Indian cinema is a lot more varied and diverse as compared to the ones the Hollywood actors get associated with . They more or less have a very single track presence , so to say . Indian actors , because of the format of our stories , need to be good actors , and be able to perform emotional sequences , do a bit of comedy , dance and singing , action , because all of this forms just one film . In many ways I 'd say there are greater demands on Indian actors than there are on Hollywood . CNN : So do you think Hollywood actors could learn from the Bollywood actors ? Bachchan : I do n't know that we are worthy enough for learning something from us , but I do know that actors in India are very capable , very talented , and can be compared to the best anywhere in the world . CNN : What makes you the best actor in India ? Bachchan : I do n't use any techniques ; I 'm not trained to be an actor . I just enjoy working in films . It 's more instinctive rather than anything else . I do n't do the calculated rehearsed kind of approach , and I hope that I can continue that because I believe that instinct is much stronger and greater when you are performing on camera . CNN : Tell us about the upcoming remake of "  Sholay . " Bachchan : "  Sholay " is an extraordinary film . It 's the highest-grossing film and it had a great impact on our society . Obviously remaking it is a huge task . We are purely using the inspiration of the film . I am playing the baddie in the film , as opposed to one of the leading men in the original . It 's a great challenge for any actor to do something different in a film . I will obviously not be playing the leading man , but it 's exciting . At my age you do n't get to run after the girl and win them over and fight the baddie , but I 'm happy that I 'm doing the negative role in this film and I 'm enjoying it ! CNN : Tell us about "  Sarkar 2 " -- it 's becoming a bit of a family affair ! Bachchan : It 's a very powerful film , it takes influences from the Godfather . It 's not exactly a remake , but it took inspiration from the Godfather and put it in "  Sarkar . " We are now doing "  Sarkar 2 , " which is going to have Abhishek , my son , and his wife to be , so I think it will be wonderful for the three of us to work together again . Sarkar 2 will be a much larger film , larger in concept , larger in visuals . It promises to be very exciting . CNN : Is it nice to work with your family ? Bachchan : The entire filming industry in India is one big family . We all feel that way whenever we make a film : it 's a very homely feeling ; we all live together , eat together , move around together . It 's a wonderful feeling . I do n't know how Hollywood behaves , but this is how we behave , and yes , when you have members of the family working with you it makes it all the more exciting . CNN : What 's next for you ? Bachchan : I think that it 's important that actors keep getting challenged every day . For every creative person it 's a terrible moment when they say they have done all they want to do . I like to feel the butterflies in the stomach , I like to go home and have a restless night and wonder how I 'm going to be able to accomplish this feat , get jittery . That hunger and those butterflies in the stomach are very essential for all creative people . I 'd like to believe that tomorrow is another challenge for me . I 'm sure there is lots more for me to do , because there is lots and lots of stuff still to be explored . E-mail to a friend	CNN talked to Amitabh Bachchan , the De Niro of Bollywood Bachan : Indian films profitable and exciting with viewers all over the world Bachan : Excited to be working with son and daughter-in-law
China will never grow at its explosive rate again but India is yet to match its GDP output , Russia is lagging and Turkey 's potential is being leached by political turbulence , according to participants in an economic panel hosted by CNN 's John Defterios . So where can the world expect to find growth ? The panel , held during June 's St. Petersburg International Economic Forum -- known as Russia 's "  Davos " -- explored the issue with experts . CNN 's guests were Hakan Ates , president and ceo of DenizBank ; Emilio Lozoya , ceo of PEMEX ; Charles Robertson , global chief economist at Renaissance Capital ; Vladimir Yakunin , president of Russian Railways and Nikolai Zelenski , ceo of Nordgold . READ MORE : Russia FinMin : We will survive if Fed winds down stimulus Between them , the panelists represented countries from the BRICs , and other countries tagged as ones to watch . Robertson kicked off the conversation with his blunt assessment of the world 's potential to be dragged out of its mire by China . The country , whose economy was last year flagged to become the world 's biggest by 2016 , has slowed and expectations for its growth downgraded . Robertson said the country "  will never again grow at a sustainable 10 % . " But the BRIC 's other true pillar -- India -- can not yet match its potential , he added . Russia and Brazil are the other two nations that fall under the BRIC acronym , coined by former Goldman Sachs economist Jim O'Neill , and they are struggling . Russia has been reliant on commodities but prices have been falling in recent months -- and impacting the country 's growth prospects . READ MORE : New powers do n't need west Yakunin 's role as head of the country 's railways affords him a birds-eye view of the country 's investment potential . And he pointed to the need for investment in the real economy , rather than just financial services , to boost growth and create jobs . But , as Yakunin noted , the much-vaunted diversification of the economy has proved difficult for Russia to tackle . According to Zelenski , a lack of infrastructure investment is also the key problem in Russia . Further , he argues the country did not put away enough when the times were good , unlike China . READ MORE : To Russia : Create change with football Meanwhile in Turkey , which is not a BRIC nation but has enjoyed a buoyant economy despite the turmoil of countries around it , faces a rockier path to EU membership after the government 's heavy-handed approach to the protestors . During the keynote panel at the forum , Germany chancellor Angela Merkel said she was "  shocked " at the reaction to the protests and questioned if it was the right time for Turkey to join the European Union . The diplomatic hiccup comes after years of strong growth by Turkey under Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan 's hand . According to Ates , the protests were not against economic pain , given the country 's strong record of growth . But , when asked if Erdogan had been in power too long , he noted people needed to express themselves to secure democracy . "  We will see at the next election if it has been too long , " he added . Turkey should see cause for hope , Ates said . He sees a "  promising and favorable " landscape for investors in Turkey , with a well educated population . "  The human capital is there ... but we still have to do more . " WATCH MORE : Bank of BRICs ? Lozoya said Mexico was another economy with significant potential due to its natural resources and proximity to Latin America . According to Lozoya , there is "  huge potential " in areas such as manufacturing and petro-chemicals , and the chance to feed hungry markets Latin and North America . However , Lozoya said , Mexico must n't fall back on protectionist policies . "  we have a good momentum , " he added .	Where can the world find growth ? A CNN panel hosted by John Defterios discussed the global economy Participants said China would not grow at its explosive rate again , but other economies were also weak The panel was held in St Petersburg , Russia , a country which has suffered from falling commodity prices Turkey was pointed to as an economy which has potential despite recent protests
CNN  -- In amended charges presented Friday , U.S. military authorities accused Army Staff Sgt. Robert Bales of illicit steroid and alcohol use in addition to 16 counts of premeditated murder for allegedly gunning down villagers in Afghanistan earlier this year . Bales ' lawyer , John Henry Browne , responded to the changes by saying he is "  so relieved " that military prosecutors "  came out publicly with the steroid use . " "  Steroid use is going to be an issue in this case , especially where Sgt. Bales got steroids and how he got steroids , " Browne told CNN . Military prosecution faces major hurdles in massacre case The U.S. military said that , in March , Bales left his outpost in Afghanistan in the middle of the night and single-handedly attacked two villages . The incident further riled relations between Washington and Kabul , intensifying the debate about whether to pull American troops ahead of their planned 2014 withdrawal . Bales was taken into military custody soon thereafter , and subsequently charged with 17 counts of murder and six counts of assault and attempted murder . He is being held in a military prison in Fort Leavenworth , Kansas . The new slate of charges detailed Friday by the U.S. Army -- which are defined as violations of the Uniform Military Code of Justice -- include 16 counts of premeditated murder , one of several changes that the military said were done "  to conform to developments in the ongoing investigation . " Karzai condemns photos of U.S. troops with insurgents ' bodies Bales still faces six counts of attempted murder , as well as seven counts of assault -- one more than previously . In addition , the Army sergeant is charged with two counts "  of wrongfully possessing and using a Schedule III controlled substance " -- which the military , in its release from Joint Base Lewis-McChord in Washington state where Bales is based , defines as steroids . He is also charged with a single count of "  wrongfully consuming alcohol while deployed . " Under fire : Wartime stress as a defense for murder Browne , Bales ' lawyer , called that charge "  just a red herring . You do n't got out and commit the type of crimes  murders  he is accused of because you took two sips of alcohol off of someone else 's Gatorade bottle . " CNN 's Paul Vercammen contributed to this report .	Army Staff Sgt. Robert Bales is accused of leaving his post and attacking 2 Afghan villages The U.S. military announced amended charges against him on Friday They include 2 counts of steroid possession and 1 of wrongfully consuming alcohol Bales now faces 16 counts of premeditated murder , one less than previously
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistan 's military killed at least 55 militants over the past 24 hours as part of its week-long crackdown on Taliban militants , an army spokesman said Friday . Pakistani security personnel patrol the troubled Buner district . This week 's military operation resulted in more than 230 militant casualties since Sunday , while the military suffered two deaths and eight injuries , according to spokesman Maj. Gen. Athar Abbas . He has said he hopes the operation will be completed by the end of the week . The operation is part of the Pakistani army 's intensified drive against the Taliban in its restive tribal regions . The Pakistani government has been criticized for not cracking down on militants along its border with Afghanistan . As a result , the U.S. military has carried out airstrikes against militant targets in Pakistan , which have rankled relations between the two countries . Meanwhile , Afghan and coalition forces in southern Afghanistan killed 15 militants and wounded 12 others , the U.S. military reported . The incident , which took place early Friday morning in the Arghandab District of Zabul province , occurred after a military convoy was attacked . "  The patrol was en route to a local village to talk with elders about security issues in the area when they were attacked by several armed militants with small-arms fire from a compound . The combined force returned fire killing one militant , " the military said in a statement . As Afghan security forces secured and searched that and other compounds to make sure there "  were no non-combatants in danger , " militants shot at troops and the soldiers fired backed . The Afghan and coalition forces pursued the militants into a "  nearby cave complex " where 14 militants were killed and 12 were wounded . Another militant was detained .	Pakistan military says at least 55 Taliban militants killed in last 24 hours Pakistani army has been waging a week-long crackdown on Taliban Afghan , coalition forces in Afghanistan kill 15 militants , wound 12 others
CNN  -- The federal agency that protects the nation 's borders is doing a shoddy job protecting the nation 's wallet , abusing an overtime fund to the tune of $ 8.7 million annually , according to a government watchdog . The U.S. Office of Special Counsel , an independent federal agency that receives whistleblower complaints , said offices within Customs and Border Protection and elsewhere within the Department of Homeland Security engage in a "  gross waste of government funds . " Overtime money intended for special circumstances was routinely given to employees who frequently spent that time watching sports and entertainment channels , Special Counsel Carolyn Lerner wrote in a letter to the White House . Employees working in CBP 's "  Situation Room " received overtime 89 percent of the time , Lerner said . "  This case is not an isolated occurrence . Rather , it is part of a persistent pattern of AUO -LSB- Administratively Uncontrollable Overtime -RSB- allegations raised by DHS employees , " Lerner wrote . The problem was brought to light , the OSC said , by several CBP employees who were authorized to receive the overtime pay but were troubled by the ethics of the practice and its impact on the federal budget . The DHS said in a statement that Acting Secretary Rand Beers had requested a "  comprehensive , department-wide review of the use of  administrative overtime  . " "  DHS takes seriously its responsibility to ensure proper use of taxpayer funds , " spokesman Peter Boogaard said . DHS made a similar promise after allegations of overtime abuse surfaced in 2008 , the Special Counsel said . In February of that year , a whistleblower alleged abuses at the Office of Border Patrol in Lynden , Washington . After a department report confirmed that employees abused overtime and that senior managers benefited from improperly approved overtime , the agency promised to implement "  an Agency-wide AUO policy directive " to prevent misuse throughout the agency . "  That commitment was made more than five years ago , " Lerner wrote in her letter to the White House . "  The lack of progress in implementing plans first outlined five years ago raises questions about the agency 's willingness or ability to confront this important problem . " The use of administrative overtime "  functionally -LSB- extended -RSB- their daily shift by two hours each day , but are not the result of any unpredictable or compelling law enforcement need , " Lerner wrote . Lerner wrote that DHS must curb the abuse and , if warranted , revise the pay system to ensure fair pay for employees who are legitimately working overtime . The OSC said it is investigating whistleblower allegations of overtime abuse at five DHS locations : -- CBP 's Office of Training and Development in Glynco , Georgia . -- U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services ' Office of Security and Integrity in Washington . -- Immigration and Customs Enforcement facility in Houston . -- CBP 's facility in San Ysidro , California . -- CBP 's facility in Laredo , Texas . House Homeland Security Committee Chairman Michael McCaul said the revelations the overtime allowance is meant for agents who work unique hours "  often in pursuit of drug smugglers " and other people "  who pose a threat " to the nation . "  This money was not meant to be a slush fund for officers or agents at desk jobs who work regular hours and who are clearly taking advantage of the system , " he said . "  The Committee will continue to investigate abuses such as this . "	Whistleblower watchdog says overtime fund abused by $ 8.7 million annually Customs and other Homeland Security offices engaged in "  gross waste " of taxpayer funds Overtime money routinely given to employees who spent time watching TV Official says case not isolated and was raised by Customs employees
CNN  -- Forty-four workers were evacuated from a natural gas platform in the Gulf of Mexico on Tuesday after a blowout occurred , according to officials . Crew members aboard the Hercules 265 were preparing the well for production when they hit an unexpected pocket of gas . No injuries were reported . Officials had said earlier that 47 workers were evacuated . While gas is flowing from the well , "  no oil is being released , " according to the Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement . The platform , about 60 miles southwest of Grand Isle , Louisiana , is leased by Houston-based Walter Oil & Gas Corporation . The company did not respond to CNN 's requests for comment Tuesday . A light sheen about a half-mile wide was spotted by environmental inspectors , but was "  dissipating almost immediately , " the safety bureau said . March : Relief wells , ` heavy mud ' plug used in North Sea gas leak	No oil is leaking from the well , agency says The blowout occurred on a platform roughly 60 miles off Grand Isle , Louisiana
CNN  -- Flights to London 's Gatwick Airport were diverted and departures delayed for a time Monday after a Virgin Atlantic plane made an emergency landing , the airport said . Flight VS43 , heading to Las Vegas , landed safely at Gatwick after developing a technical fault with its landing gear , Virgin Atlantic said . The airport 's runway was closed temporarily while the the plane was removed . It reopened at around 7 p.m. local time , and inbound and outbound flights resumed , according to the airport . The airport warned , however , that it might take "  some time " before normal services resume . Gatwick describes itself on its website as "  the most efficient single-runway airport in the world . " Gatwick earlier said it had put its emergency services on standby for VS43 -- a Boeing 747 -- to make a "  non-standard landing . " "  In line with standard procedure , emergency services are on standby at the airport purely as a precaution , " it said on Twitter . Virgin Atlantic 's Richard Branson praised the plane 's pilots on Twitter : "  Well done @virginatlantic pilots & team for safe & skillful landing of #VS43 . Thoughts with passengers & crew , thanks for support & patience . " Virgin Atlantic CEO Craig Kreeger said in a statement that the airline understood that the incident would have significantly disrupted people 's holiday plans . "  We will make sure they are well looked after this evening , and will be operating a special flight tomorrow for everyone who would like to continue their journey , " he said . Virgin Atlantic would ensure there was a seat for everyone , Kreeger said .	NEW : Gatwick Airport reopens after plane is moved following emergency landing Virgin Atlantic Flight VS43 landed safely , but the aircraft remains on the runway The plane developed a fault en route to Las Vegas , the airline said earlier Virgin says the issue was with the plane 's landing gear
CNN  -- Confusion reigns in Egypt after stunning court rulings threw the country 's awkward transition toward democratic rule into turmoil . The decision sparked cries that Egypt 's military leaders have engineered a "  soft coup " to thwart their longtime foes -- Islamists who just four months ago captured a majority of seats in the Egyptian parliament in the first election in Egypt in generations . The court 's decision dissolves parliament , and the military was quick to say it now controls legislative affairs in Egypt , actions that raised the prospect of renewed mass street protests . The dizzying developments sent shock waves across Egypt just 16 months after a popular uprising toppled former President Hosni Mubarak and two days before Egyptians go to the polls to elect a new president . They also raised fresh questions among many about whether the military -- long the most powerful force in Egyptian life -- would ever yield power . "  Egypt is entering into a very dangerous stage , and I think a lot of people were caught by surprise , " said Shadi Hamid , director of research at the Brookings Doha Center . "  We knew it was getting bad , but we did n't think it was getting this bad . " He called the court rulings the "  worst possible outcome " for Egypt and said the transition to civilian rule was "  effectively over . " In one ruling Thursday , the Supreme Constitutional Court found that the rules governing January 's parliamentary elections were invalid , triggering the dissolution of parliament . In the second , the court rejected a law barring former regime members from running for president , clearing the way for Ahmed Shafik , the last prime minister under former Mubarak , to run in this weekend 's runoff election . He faces Mohamed Morsi , an Islamist candidate favored by many in the Muslim Brotherhood and their allies and supporters . The military leadership , the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces , also announced it would name a 100-strong panel by Friday that will draw up a new constitution for the country . The moves came only hours after a decree was issued giving the military extended powers of arrest over civilians . That decree ushered in de facto martial law , observers said , just two weeks after many Egyptians celebrated the demise of a decades-old emergency law that gave authorities broad leeway to arrest citizens and hold them indefinitely without charge . Eric Trager , a fellow at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy , characterized the situation as a "  soft coup in Egypt . " What is the Muslim Brotherhood ? The military leadership 's action "  really signals it 's moving very sharply against the political process , " Trager said . Its actions are also piling on the pressure on the Muslim Brotherhood , the Islamist group whose political arm , the Freedom and Justice Party , is headed by Morsi , he said . "  The question is whether that 's going to lead the Muslim Brotherhood to up its own confrontation with the military or whether the Brotherhood will use it as an opportunity to seek some kind of accord with the military , " he said . Right now , the military and the Muslim Brotherhood have ongoing conversations , but it is not yet clear what they may produce , Trager said . The Brotherhood could seek a deal where Morsi is made prime minister if Shafik wins the presidency , he said . But if the Muslim Brotherhood commits itself to confrontation in the form of street protests -- thereby threatening a second revolution -- that could be a game-changing situation , Trager said . Experts are watching to see whether the decision reignites the huge street demonstrations that drove Mubarak from power in February 2011 . It 's not yet clear whether ordinary Egyptians , many of whom are exhausted by the long months of uncertainty , will consider the ruling an attempt by the ruling elite to snuff out the promise of democracy fought for in Tahrir Square . The real obstacle to democracy in Egypt Analysts say the Supreme Constitutional Court is considered partial to the regime headed by Mubarak , in which the military played a pivotal role -- and its perceived failure to maintain judicial independence could spark renewed anger . "  Essentially , no , the court is not neutral , " said Steven Cook , a senior fellow for Middle Eastern Studies at the Council on Foreign Relations . "  It is very much part of the old regime . I think you are going to see people pouring into the streets and demand change . " One young Cairo woman outside the court expressed the frustration felt by many protesters . "  SCAF has been suppressing our protests , suppressing the youth movements on the ground , they have been arresting thousands of us , " she said , referring to the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces . But Amre Moussa , who was a foreign minister under Mubarak , was chief of the Arab League , and most recently a presidential candidate , played down the impact of the ruling on parliament . "  It is not a political move or a decision by the SCAF , it is a legal matter that has been referred to the tribunal , by individuals , by other parties , " he told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour . As for the wrangling over who will write the new constitution , Moussa said it is not of crucial importance . "  The current constitutional declaration is enough to give the president the powers he needs , " he said . "  I believe that the president , once elected , knows exactly the powers he will use . " Photos : A look back at Egypt 's uprisings Following the court decision , Egypt 's interim military rulers declared full legislative authority , creating anxiety and uncertainty about the country 's future . It was just on January 23 -- two days before the anniversary of the birth of a revolution that eventually toppled Mubarak -- when the military surrendered legislative powers to the first parliament in the country 's history to be dominated by Islamists , whose two parties won about 70 % of the seats in the lower house . The military is considered by many to be a bulwark against the power and influence of Islamists in Egypt . And some who fear the Muslim Brotherhood has gained too much strength may welcome this knock to the confidence built from its successes in the parliamentary vote . "  With parliamentary elections , there was this sense that the Brotherhood could now go for broke , " Cook said . "  They seem to have been outmaneuvered by the military and courts and associated supporters of the old regime . It may be time to make a deal to preserve themselves to fight longer . " All eyes will be on the conduct and outcome of the runoff this weekend . Taken together , the military leadership 's actions indicate "  there 's a high likelihood of Shafik being aided to victory by the military , " Trager said . But Khaled Fahmy , a professor at American University in Cairo , told Amanpour that people are "  very confused " and split over who to back . "  Ahmed Shafik made a very powerful speech today , he tried to calm many people , " he said . "  But there is a lot of sympathy I think now for the Muslim Brotherhood -- there 's a lot of fear of what Shafik is capable of doing . "  And because things now have become so clear and the gloves are off , people see what the military is intent on doing . Yesterday 's ruling by the minister of justice giving the military police these excessive rights , this is a serious militarization of Egyptian society , that we made the revolution against . " Fahmy said he believes blunders by the Muslim Brotherhood are partly to blame for its current weakened position . The Brotherhood has failed to get results in parliament , where its lawmakers have been "  cocky " toward liberal forces , he said , and also failed to realize just how deep the military 's influence runs through Egypt 's intelligence and security services -- the so-called deep state . The "  legal coup " pulled off by the military is just the latest front in a long-running battle for dominance between the two sides , he said . "  This has been in the offing for not only months , but for years and years , " Fahmy said . "  The events of today and indeed the past few weeks have shown very clearly the determination by SCAF to oust the Muslim Brotherhood altogether , and to deny it serious victories that it had won legitimately through by ballot boxes -- and today is the culmination of that struggle . " Are you there ? Share photos and videos with us on CNN iReport . A wild election weekend for Egypt , France and Greece Mubarak clings to life in Cairo hospital Saving the sound of the Middle East	Renewed street demonstrations could be in Egypt 's near future , experts say High court ruling dissolves new parliament , further empowering the military Events amount to a "  soft coup " for the military , often seen as a bulwark against Islamists "  Egypt is entering into a very dangerous stage , " analyst says
CNN  -- Can chicken breasts help beat breast cancer ? KFC officials are hoping customers will flock to help the chicken chain make a record-breaking donation of $ 8.5 million . But some critics are calling foul on the company 's mixed message , especially in light of the recent , heavily publicized addition of the aggressively fat-and-sodium laden Double Down sandwich to their menu . KFC 's "  Buckets for the Cure " initiative boasts a bright pink website , packed with breast cancer facts , survivor stories and a pledge to donate 50 cents from each specially branded pink bucket of their grilled or Original Recipe chicken to Susan G. Komen for the Cure . The Komen organization funds research grants and community-based outreach projects focused on breast health education , screening and treatment . The KFC site 's stated goal is to make the largest single donation in history toward Komen 's efforts with combined individual and KFC corporate contributions during the campaign that runs until May 5 . Sounds like something to crow about , right ? Not according to New York University professor Marion Nestle , who maintains the Food Politics website . "  OK , scientists are still arguing about the dietary determinants of breast cancer and are n't too worried about fat , but they do worry about body weight , " the professor of nutrition , food studies and public health posted on her blog . "  Maintaining a healthy body weight is still the first recommendation of the American Cancer Society , for example . " The Food and Fitness section of ACS 's website warns , "  Being overweight or obese increases the risk of several cancers , including cancers of the breast  among women past menopause  ... " Nestle tells CNN , "  The goals of food companies , alas , are not the same as the goals of public health . Food companies are businesses that must sell expanding numbers of products . While it seems possible that their goals and those of public health could overlap , they rarely do . Buckets for the Cure gets money for whatever it does . KFC sells more buckets . Sounds good , if you do n't think about it too much . " However , KFC officials tell CNN that they 're sensitive to conscientious customers . KFC 's Rick Maynard said , "  We have something for everyone , including people who are counting calories for health reasons . " "  Last year , we introduced Kentucky Grilled Chicken , which has fewer calories , fewer fat grams and less sodium that our Original Recipe chicken . Kentucky Grilled Chicken is the product that is featured in our commercial for ` Buckets for the Cure , ' and we are seeing lots of customers ask for pink buckets filled with KGC . " It is the bucket color that is troubling Barbara Brenner , executive director of Breast Cancer Action , an organization that calls itself a watchdog group seeking to compel the changes to end breast cancer . She tells CNN that her group believes the KFC campaign is based in "  pinkwashing " -- putting a pink , cancer-awareness ribbon on products that are bad for health . Her beef is n't just with the chicken chain , though ; it 's with the Komen Foundation . "  This will keep them  Komen  in business for years . They talk about a cure , but this this partnership will create more breast cancer . And Komen knows this , " said Brenner on the assumed relationship between fast food , excess weight and cancer risk . Brenner went on to say , "  Komen puts the responsibility for health in individuals ' hands , but some people do n't have the option to take care of themselves . Say you do n't have the money or choice -- KFC is making money in the poorest communities . " Komen 's director of communication , Andrea Rader , tells CNN the claims are "  ludicrous . " "  These partnerships go a long way toward supporting education and direct care for over 1,900 communities across the country . These programs provide mammograms to women in low-income communities , " Rader said . "  And people are still operating under old and crazy myths -- people ask us if they can get cancer from wearing a underwire bra . There is not enough awareness out there , " she says . As to Brenner 's claims , Rader says , "  It 's insane to say that we 're exploiting poor people , and there 's a logical flaw in that argument . Healthier choices are available on the menu . Are they saying that poorer people wo n't make them ? " Rader added the Komen Foundation seeks to add $ 20 million in funding for cancer prevention research this year , atop the $ 50 million they 've previously invested . "  Buckets for the Cure " website states , albeit at the very bottom , that individual consumer purchases will not directly increase the total donation -- rather that the money is determined by purchases of buckets by KFC restaurant operators . Despite the controversy , it seems franchisees have been flocking to help out . The campaign has thus far raised more than $ 2 million dollars .	KFC launches effort to raise donations through pink buckets of chicken Critics claim company 's fattiest foods may raise cancer risk KFC says it has lower calorie and fat items on its menu Susan G. Komen for the Cure says partnering with KFC helps educate , treat cancer patients
CNN  -- Gifts have been arriving at the Steffel home in Kalida , Ohio , every day . Blankets , photographs , paintings . It started with a simple request that grieving father Nathen Steffel posted to Reddit on Sunday : "  My daughter recently passed away after a long battle in the children 's hospital . She was in the hospital her whole life and we were never able to get a photo without all her tubes . Can someone remove the tubes ? " The image of their daughter , Sophia , connected to breathing tubes is the Steffels ' favorite because it captured her during one of few times she was awake . In the photo her eyes are wide open and she appears to be staring into the camera . Nathen Steffel said he 's been a member of the Reddit online community for a while and had seen many instances of talented Photoshop work . He was hoping to get at least one good image . So far , he 's received more than 100 photos , drawings and paintings . "  We 're still getting them today . From all over the world , " he said in a phone interview Wednesday . "  I ca n't even read what some of them say . " Initially he responded to each message but eventually it became overwhelming . The responses helped take their minds off things even though most of them were condolences . Nathen Steffel is now in touch with a parent who went through a similar experience . The couple first learned there was a mass on their baby 's liver during a routine ultrasound . "  They did n't know what it was , " Emily Steffel said . "  They just said they 'd keep an eye on it . " They shared the news with family and friends , and when Sophia Steffel was born May 30 tests revealed a liver tumor known as hepatic hemangioma . The condition is a rare noncancerous tumor linked to high rates of heart failure and death in infants , according to the National Institutes of Health . Sophia was transferred from one children 's hospital to another and died on July 10 . She was 6 weeks old . "  Everyone did everything they could , " Nathen Steffel said . The Steffels ' story has drawn widespread attention and media coverage , which the couple says will help them explain Sophia 's story to her brothers Tristan , 5 , and Owen , 3 . Nathen Steffel 's sister told him she 's comforted by all the attention -- happy that Sophia 's story did n't just end at the hospital . "  We 'll have this memory forever , " he said . To see more of the retouched images click here . To see a YouTube video of Sophia click here .	Baby dies after long struggle with liver tumor Parents turn to Reddit for help retouching favorite photo Hundreds respond with photos , drawings , gifts
CNN Student News  -- January 14 , 2010 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Port-au-Prince , Haiti • China Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : Today , we are exploring the connection between your education and your community 's economy . Thank you for spending part of your Thursday with CNN Student News . I 'm Carl Azuz . Let 's go . First Up : Quake Update AZUZ : Massive devastation , severe loss of life , uncertainty about what to do or where to go : That is what is facing survivors of Tuesday 's deadly earthquake in Haiti . The Caribbean island nation is home to around 9 million people . The Red Cross says that one out of every three of those residents was affected by this quake . Yesterday , Haiti 's president told CNN that it was too early to know how many people had died in the tremor , although he had heard reports ranging from 30,000 to 100,000 . To make matters worse , he said it 's difficult to help people who have been injured because many hospitals were destroyed by the earthquake . Several Haitian officials have said that all of Port-au-Prince , the capital city , is either damaged or destroyed . The quake struck about 10 miles from the city . One CNN reporter on the scene described the devastation as "  horrifying and disturbing . " In downtown Port-au-Prince , he said , "  block after block after block , there is not one building . " The country 's president is calling on the international community for aid , saying , "  We need doctors , we need medicine , we need medical help . " The U.S. , along with nations from Europe , Asia and South America , as well as global relief agencies -- all of them have already begun sending relief workers and assistance to Haiti . President Obama has pledged that America will have a major role in the relief efforts . U.S. PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA : The people of Haiti will have the full support of the United States in the urgent effort to rescue those trapped beneath the rubble and to deliver the humanitarian relief : the food , water and medicine that Haitians will need in the coming days . AZUZ : Haiti is part of the island of Hispaniola , along with the Dominican Republic . And that island has a fault line that runs along its southern side . That 's why scientists have warned that Hispaniola was at risk for a major earthquake . Haiti itself is a little smaller than the state of Maryland . It 's the poorest country in the Western Hemisphere . 80 percent of its population lives under the poverty line , and that economic situation might create additional challenges as the country tries to recover from this natural disaster . Impact Your World AZUZ : That recovery process : likely to be long and difficult . We 've already mentioned that several countries and agencies have launched relief efforts . But if you want to get involved , head to the Spotlight section at CNNStudentNews.com and click on the "  Impact Your World " link . You 're going to find a list of organizations that can use your help . Word to the Wise TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : A Word to the Wise ... censorship  noun  the act of deleting or restricting something Google v. China AZUZ : Google has been practicing self-censorship for years in China . When the Internet giant first started operating in the communist country -- that was in 2006 -- China 's government demanded that some search results be restricted . Google said okay , arguing that it was providing at least some information to Chinese citizens . But now , the company is changing its policy . John Vause explains why and what it might mean for Google 's future in the world 's most populated country . BEGIN VIDEO JOHN VAUSE , CNN CORRESPONDENT , BEIJING : After all the self-censorship , the government Web crackdowns , after compromising its own stated ethics , Google , it seems , has finally had enough of doing business the China way . JEREMY GOLDKORN , DANWEI.COM : Google has been subject to inordinate amount of harassment in China over the last year . VAUSE : The tipping point , it seems , is what the Internet giant calls "  sophisticated " cyber attacks originating from within China , targeting gmail accounts of Chinese human rights activists . None were breached , but the company says the attacks " ... have led us to conclude that we should review the feasibility of our business operations in China , " and it 's " ... no longer willing to continue censoring our results on Google.cn . " ... "  This may well mean having to shut down Google.cn and potentially our offices in China . " GOLDKORN : I imagine the Chinese government 's reaction is going to be well , if you do n't like our laws , get lost . VAUSE : Within hours of the announcement , the self-censorship was being rolled back . Search results from Google 's China server showed images of the 1989 crackdown on Tiananmen Square . So too , the Dalai Lama and the outlawed religious group Falun Gong . For a company with "  do n't do evil " as its motto , this defiant new stand one praise from supporters of free speech , who in the past have been critical of Google for agreeing to government censorship as a condition for setting up shop in China . ROSEANN RIFE , AMNESTY INTERNATIONAL : They 've revisited the idea of censorship and are now saying that the price they 're paying is perhaps too high . VAUSE : If Google really does pull out of China , it could come with huge financial cost . This country has more than 300 million Internet users , more than any other , and the Internet advertising market here is seen as one of the most important and fastest growing in the world . Google has not directly accused the Chinese government of being involved in the cyber attacks and says it will seek negotiations with Beijing over the next few weeks to see if it 's possible to continue to operate here . Chinese government officials declined to comment when asked by CNN . Meantime , all Beijing Google staff are now reportedly on paid leave . John Vause , CNN , Beijing . END VIDEO Financial Hearing AZUZ : In Washington , D.C. , a commission set up by Congress is investigating the U.S. financial crisis . They 're looking into what caused it and hopefully how to avoid another one in the future . As part of that investigation , the commission has been talking with some government officials . And yesterday , it met with the chief executives of four of the country 's biggest banks . The head of the commission said he wanted to hear the bankers talk about their companies ' roles in causing the crisis . The executives acknowledged that their banks had made mistakes , but said they did n't realize how bad those mistakes were at the time . Shoutout MATT CHERRY , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Time for the Shoutout ! What percent of American students earn their high school diploma ? If you think you know it , shout it out ! Is it : A  50 percent , B  70 percent , C  85 percent or D  95 percent ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! Only 70 percent of students earn their high school diplomas . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Dropout Ripple Effect AZUZ : Okay , that number may surprise you . Another thing you might not realize is that getting your high school diploma can help many more people than just you . A new study looked at how communities would 've benefited if more people stayed in school . Take a look at what it found out . BEGIN VIDEO AZUZ : Soaring unemployment , states trying to avoid running out of money : Could students dropping out of high school actually make this worse ? Absolutely , says the Alliance for Excellent Education . The group 's been analyzing the effects that dropouts have , not only on themselves , but on the places where they live , and they found that just getting a high school diploma can dramatically affect communities . Here 's how the study worked : An estimated 600,000 students dropped out of the class of 2008 . The Alliance figured out how the country could 've benefited if just half of them , 300,000 , had gotten their diplomas . It estimated they would 've earned a combined $ 4.1 billion more money in an average year . Then , they could 've spent $ 2.8 billion more and invested more than $ 1 billion more . So what ? Well , all that additional spending could 've supported 30,000 more jobs ; you know we could use them now . And down the road , these hypothetical graduates could 've bought homes valued at $ 10.5 billion more than what they 'd have spent without diplomas . And they 'd probably have the money to spend $ 340 million more on cars . With the taxes that come with all that spending , the Alliance estimates that states and communities would be pulling in an extra $ 536 million a year . And the point ? To show how getting a diploma does n't just help students , it helps the country . SUSAN LISCOVICZ , CNN BUSINESS NEWS CORRESPONDENT : Right now , there are 7,000 kids , estimated , that drop out of school every day . The Alliance president says this report underscores the notion that the best economic stimulus package is a high school diploma . AZUZ : Another reason why all this means so much . END VIDEO Facebook Promo AZUZ : All right , when you get home today , we want you to go to Facebook.com / CNNStudentNews . We 've got a new video up . You 're going to love it . You 've got to check it out . It 's at Facebook.com / CNNStudentNews . And if you 're not a fan of our show , that 's where you can click the button to become a fan . We 'd love to have you . Looking forward to seeing you there ! Before We Go AZUZ : Before we go , a couple who 's trashing their wedding plans , 'cause that 's how they plan to pay for the big day : with trash ! Cans , to be specific . The bride-to-be said she got the idea in the middle of the night : collect 400,000 aluminum cans , recycle them , and then use the money to cover the cost of the wedding . They 've collected more than 10,000 so far , with a Web site and Facebook page helping the cause . Goodbye AZUZ : We 're sure they can meet their goal . If not , they can just postpone the wedding for a while and recycle the idea down the road . A fresh CNN Student News with a fresh pun is coming your way tomorrow . I 'm Carl Azuz . We 'll see you then .	Learn about the devastation caused by a massive earthquake in Haiti Find out why Google is pulling the plug on self-censorship in China Understand how students can help their communities by getting diplomas Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
Guatemala City  CNN  -- Software pioneer John McAfee ended the day Thursday as he started it : imprisoned in a Guatemalan immigration detention center . Earlier , a neon green ambulance had whisked the 67-year-old to a police hospital just hours after officials rejected his bid for asylum . McAfee 's legal team said doctors were treating him for cardiovascular problems . Later , attorney Telesforo Guerra offered a different diagnosis : McAfee had suffered a nervous breakdown , but tests showed he did not have heart problems . The series of events were the latest dramatic twists in a saga that reads like a best-selling mystery , with poisoned dogs , a dead neighbor and international intrigue fueled by weeks on the run . The next chapter could unfold in Belize , where Guatemalan officials said they were preparing to deport McAfee after rejecting his asylum bid . Police in Belize are ready to meet McAfee at the airport if he 's deported , spokesman Raphael Martinez said . Authorities there have said they want to talk to McAfee about the November 11 shooting of his neighbor , American businessman Gregory Faull . Under Belize law , McAfee can be held for 48 hours without charges , Martinez said . But McAfee 's fight to stay in Guatemala is n't over . His attorneys said they filed a request for an injunction with Guatemala 's Supreme Court . Standing outside the police hospital as ambulance lights flashed nearby , attorney Karla Paz said officials had unjustly rejected McAfee 's petition without weighing the evidence . "  Due process has been violated . The right to defense has not been respected , " she said . Read more : McAfee 's exit from Belize ends in detention Guatemalan authorities took McAfee into custody Wednesday on accusations of entering the country illegally . After weeks in hiding , anti-virus software company founder emerged publicly Tuesday in Guatemala 's capital , hundreds of miles from the Caribbean island in Belize where his next-door neighbor was found dead . McAfee requested asylum in Guatemala , arguing that he left Belize to escape police persecution . But Guatemalan authorities found there was no basis for his asylum request , presidential spokesman Francisco Cuevas said Thursday . McAfee founded his namesake computer security software in 1987 , initially running it out of his home in California . He sold his stake in McAfee Associates in 1994 and moved to Belize in 2008 . On November 9 , he told police someone poisoned his four dogs there . To put them out of their misery , he shot each in the head and buried them on his property , according to a former girlfriend . The dogs ' barking and aggressive behavior was a frequent source of friction between the two neighbors . Two days after the dogs were poisoned , Faull was found fatally shot in the head . McAfee has said he had nothing to do with Faull 's death , and Belize authorities are out to get him because he refused to pay a bribe to a politician months earlier . Belize police say they only want to talk with McAfee . "  He 's really gone out of his way to make the country look bad , " Martinez , the police spokesman , said earlier this week , "  and we just believe he should , if he 's innocent as he 's saying he is , he should bring in his lawyer , and let 's get to the bottom of this and say what he needs to say and let 's move on . " Read more : A bizarre visit to John McAfee 's pleasure palace in Belize CNN 's Martin Savidge , Faith Karimi and Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	An attorney says John McAfee had a nervous breakdown , but no heart problems The 67-year-old software company founder is back in immigration detention Guatemalan officials say they 've rejected McAfee 's request for asylum McAfee 's attorneys request an injunction , saying "  due process has been violated "
CNN  -- Honda has expanded an airbag recall worldwide , covering 2001 and 2002 Accord , Civic , Odyssey , CR-V , and selected 2002 Acura TL vehicles , the automaker said . The recall also includes the Honda Pilot and Acura CL in the United States , and the Honda Inspire , Saber and Lagreat in Japan for the same model years . On its Web site late Tuesday , Honda said the driver 's airbag inflators might expand with too much pressure , which can cause the inflator casing to break and could lead to injury or death . There have been 12 incidents related to an airbag inflator problem , Honda said . The original recall was issued in July 2009 , and included 2001 and 2002 Accords and Civics , as well as some 2002 model year Acura TL vehicles . The global recall now covers more than 950,000 vehicles . Honda said it will notify affected customers by mail and phone with instructions on how to have their vehicles inspected and updated at an authorized dealer . Last month , Honda announced a separate recall of 646,000 2007 and 2008 Fit , City and Jazz models worldwide , after a fire hazard involving a power window switch resulted in a death in South Africa .	Honda has expanded an airbag recall worldwide to more than half a million vehicles The global airbag-related recall now covers 514,000 vehicles Last month , Honda announced a separate recall of 646,000 for power window problems
CNN  -- So , let 's say you 're flying into town for the beginning of your trial and you 're running a little late . What do you do ? A. Call the Court . Or , B. Ask your twin brother to go to court and pretend he is you . It does n't appear to be a difficult question , but in Clearwater , Florida , one defendant made the wrong choice , and two brothers are now in jail . According to court officials , 40-year-old Matthew Mauceri was due in court Tuesday morning for the beginning of his trial on scheming-to-defraud charges . But , court officials said , he was flying in from out of town and when he realized he was n't going to make it on time , he called his twin brother , Marcus , for help . So , Marcus Mauceri showed up in the courtroom of Judge Joseph Bulone , with Marcus claiming he was Matthew , according to the officials . It was Matthew Mauceri 's defense attorney who judged that something was amiss , court officials said , and he alerted Bulone . In the judge 's chambers , defense attorney James Thomas told Bulone he had represented both brothers previously , and that the right brother might not be present in court . Bulone put Marcus Mauceri under oath , and according to court transcripts , Marcus swore that he was Matthew . The judge launched a quick investigation . "  One of our fingerprint technicians was called by the judge to do a print comparison , " said Sgt. Tom Nestor of the Pinellas County Sheriff 's Office . "  They made a comparison and said , ` No , this is not Matthew , ' " Nestor said . Bulone then appointed a public defender for Marcus and , according to a court transcript , declared , "  I 'm just going to find that by Marcus pretending to be Matthew ... that perpetrates a fraud upon the court . " Marcus Mauceri was charged with criminal contempt and sentenced to 179 days in jail . Marcus told the judge he would appeal , and that he would hire his own attorney . "  As usual , perpetrators of crimes do n't usually think the consequences through , and as is often the case , it does n't work out for them , " court spokesman Ron Stuart said . Later , Matthew Mauceri appeared and was cited for failure to appear and contempt of court . His $ 100,000 bond from his original case was revoked . Court officials said the twins were remanded to the county jail -- in separate cells .	Man running late for trial asks twin brother to stand in for him , officials say Defense lawyer realizes something amiss , alerts judge , who calls in fingerprint analysts Marcus Mauceri charged with criminal contempt , sentenced to 179 days in jail Brother Matthew Mauceri , the latecomer , cited for failure to appear and contempt of court
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Anti-Gadhafi forces have come across a military site in southern Libya that contains what appears to be radioactive material . The site , not far from Sabha in the Sahara desert , has two warehouses containing thousands of blue barrels marked with tape saying "  radioactive , " and plastic bags of yellow powder sealed with the same type tape . The fact that Libya might have radioactive material is not a surprise : In 2004 , the the International Atomic Energy Agency  IAEA  confirmed that the Libyan government had yellowcake stored in Sabha . Afterward , Moammar Gadhafi 's government vowed its intent to dismantle its nuclear program , and there has been no indication it was ever developed enough that it might appear in weapons . Still , the fact that it was lying seemingly unguarded -- such that it could end up in the hands of terrorists or nations intent on illicitly turning radioactive material into weapons -- is a definite cause for concern , said David Albright , a former weapons inspector and now president of the Institute for Science and International Security . "  During wars , nuclear material is not protected very well , " Albright said , noting that IAEA crews in the past have entered war-zones such as in the former Yugoslavia and Algeria . "  The IAEA needs to get there as soon as possible , to determine if anything is missing . " Yellowcake is processed uranium ore that can be used to produce enriched uranium for nuclear purposes , with Albright noting that it -- if it is what outside experts believe -- is not highly radioactive , in itself . Even so , Cirincione seconded the sentiment that the discovery was cause for alarm . "  These pictures are amazing and sobering . Remember we had been assured by the State Department just weeks ago in August that significant mustard gas , MANPADS and nuclear materials were all secured . This discovery appears to show that in fact we ca n't count on anything being secured in Libya now , " Cirincione said . The yellowcake is not in itself a real danger , but having it next to high explosives is a potential environmental disaster if they were to explode , said Cirincione , who 's president of the Ploughshares Fund , a global security foundation . Fighters entered Sabha , long regarded as a pro-Gadhafi stronghold , on Wednesday afternoon and initially met no resistance , officials said . About a dozen lightly armed revolutionary fighters are now guarding the military site outside the city . Electric power in Sabha , which had been off for two weeks , was restored Thursday evening . In addition , Al Madar , one of the nation 's mobile phone networks , began working in the city after being down for more than a month . Elsewhere , revolutionaries have taken control of the southwestern town of Ubari , chasing Moammar Gadhafi loyalists from the area as Libya 's new leaders continued to gain momentum , National Transitional Council field commander Al-Amin Shtawi said Thursday . The announcement comes days after the NTC received the significant milestone of being recognized by South Africa , Algeria and the African Union as Libya 's legitimate rulers . "  Due to the role and obligations that the National Transitional Council has fulfilled and due to the African Union position , Algerian-NTC  diplomatic  relations will move from semi-official to official , " said Algerian Foreign Minister Mourad Medelci , according to state-run Radio Algerie . Algeria had been among Gadhafi 's biggest allies in the region , and is where his wife and three of his children fled to in August . Troops loyal to Libya 's new leaders have been putting pressure on several regime holdout cities in recent days . Along with Thursday 's military action in Ubari , fighters have also clashed with Gadhafi loyalists in the northern town of Bani Walid and in Sirte . Despite not yet having complete control over the entire country , the NTC says it is planning on how to set up a new government . Elamin Belhaj , a senior member of the NTC , told CNN Wednesday that the formation of a Libyan government will not be announced until anti-Gadhafi forces control the borders of the country and liberate the three cities of Bani Walid , Sirte and Sabha . That effort could take up to one month , he said . After liberation , the NTC will create an interim government by appointing a prime minister who will be responsible for forming the government . The prime minister will decide how many ministers will be in that interim government , but he must return to the NTC for approval of that government . That government will create a new constitution that will be put before the Libyan people for approval in a referendum . CNN 's Ben Wedeman , Brian Walker and Greg Botelho contributed to this report	NEW : An ex-inspector says the IAEA should view material marked "  radioactive " soon NEW : Algeria says it will recognize Libya 's transitional government as official Anti-Gadhafi forces came upon the military site that may have radioactive material Troops have been putting pressure on several regime holdout cities in recent days
EW.com  -- Several top-level producers of "  The Simpsons " have agreed to take pay cuts to keep the long-running animated show on the air , sources confirm . Some -- though not all -- of the producers of the Fox series have indicated they 're willing to have their pay reduced to continue the series beyond its current record-setting 23rd season . The cast , however , have yet to agree to terms with the studio . As Variety reported , "  Simpsons " studio 20th Century Fox TV has demanded a 45 percent pay cut and the voice actors countered with a 30 % reduction , plus a piece of the back end . The studio rejected that proposal . Fox has previously declared the iconic hit is no longer sustainable under its current deal and is demanding salary reductions in order for the series to continue . All sides , however , strongly believe a deal will be reached . Even with reduced paychecks , there 's still plenty of money on the table . Nobody wants to see "  The Simpsons " end its legacy without a proper series finale . And a final season would likely create considerable buzz and renewed interest in the show , which is used to launch the rest of Fox 's Sunday night animated block . See the full article at EW.com CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Some producers are willing to have their pay reduced to continue the series The cast , however , have yet to agree to terms with the studio 20th Century Fox TV has demanded a 45 % pay cut
CNN  -- The film Heath Ledger was making when he died , "  The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus , " will feature at this year 's Cannes Film Festival . Heath Ledger 's final film , "  The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus , " will screen at Cannes . The Terry Gilliam production was delayed by several months after Ledger 's death from an accidental overdose last January , before Johnny Depp , Colin Farrell and Jude Law stepped in to complete his role . It will screen out of competition . In competition previous winners Quentin Tarantino , Ken Loach , Lars von Trier and Jane Campion join fellow cinematic giants Pedro Almodovar , Ang Lee , Michael Haneke and Park Chan-wook in the battle for the Palme d'Or . The official selection , announced Thursday , also confirmed that the festival will open with a 3-D animated film for the first time . "  Up , " the latest from Disney Pixar , will premiere in Cannes on May 13th . However , all eyes will be focused on the main competition where the jury , led by French actress Isabelle Huppert , will have their work cut out . Included are Tarantino 's World War II film "  Inglourious Basterds , " featuring Brad Pitt , and Lee 's "  Taking Woodstock , " a comedic take on the legendary rock concert , with Liev Schreiber , Jeffrey Dean Morgan and Emile Hirsch . Campion , who won with "  The Piano " in 1993 , returns with "  Bright Star , " a film about the poet John Keats . Interactive : The 20 films in competition " Almodovar again has Penelope Cruz as his leading lady in "  Broken Embraces , " while Ken Loach 's comedy "  Looking for Eric " sees former Manchester United and France footballer Eric Cantona return to the silverscreen . Park leads the large Asian contingent with "  Bak-Jwi "  "  Thirst "  , which follows a priest who becomes a vampire . Competition will also feature Von Trier 's "  Antichrist , " Haneke 's "  The White Ribbon , " Isabel Coixet 's "  Map of the Sounds of Tokyo " and Italian Marco Bellocchio 's "  Vincere . " The film festival runs from May 13 to 24 .	Heath Ledger 's final film will feature out of competition at Cannes This year 's film festival is set to be a battle of the heavyweights Previous winners Quentin Tarantino , Ken Loach and Jane Campion return Pedro Almodovar and Ang Lee also feature in the main competition
Though Robert H. Richards IV was convicted of rape , the wealthy heir to the du Pont family fortune was spared prison by a Delaware court in 2009 because he would "  not fare well " behind bars , according to court documents CNN obtained Tuesday . Richards is a great-grandson of the chemical magnate Irenee du Pont . He received an eight-year prison sentence in 2009 for raping his toddler daughter , but the sentencing order signed by a Delaware judge said "  defendant will not fare well " in prison and the eight years were suspended . Richards was placed on eight years ' probation and ordered to get treatment and register as a sex offender , the documents show . He was also prohibited from having contact with children under 16 , including his own children . The documents were never sealed , yet the ruling managed to go unnoticed until March , when Richards ' former wife , Tracy Richards , filed a lawsuit in Delaware Superior Court on behalf of their children alleging "  personal injuries arising from the childhood sexual abuse . " The 11-page suit alleges that not only was their daughter abused , but Richards abused their son , too . The suit seeks unspecified monetary damages . While he was convicted of raping his daughter , Richards has never been charged with sexually molesting his son , according to Jason Miller , a spokesman for the Delaware attorney general 's office . CNN tried repeatedly to reach Richards and Eugene Maurer , the attorney who represented him in 2009 . Maurer is no longer representing Richards , his assistant told CNN on Wednesday . CNN asked if he had a comment ; he has not offered one . Attorney John C. Balaguer is representing Richards in the civil case , his assistant told CNN . Balaguer has not returned e-mails or voice mail messages CNN has left for him . This week , after news of Richards ' 2009 case came to light , many took to Twitter to criticize the judge in the case , saying that it echoed a recent Texas case in which a wealthy teenager driving drunk killed four people but received no jail time . Ethan Couch was sentenced last year to 10 years ' probation . A witness in Couch 's case claimed the teenager was a victim of "  affluenza " -- the product of wealthy , privileged parents who never set limits for the boy . Delaware 's Judicial Code of Conduct prohibits Judge Jan R. Jurden from discussing the 2009 ruling with reporters , court spokeswoman Amy Quinlan told CNN . But at least one member of the Delaware legal community came to Jurden 's defense Tuesday . "  It 's wrong to attribute  the ` defendant would not fare well ' comment  to Judge Jurden , " said Richard Kirk , a lawyer who is chairman of a Delaware State Bar Association committee that he says steps up to respond "  when judges are criticized and unable to speak for themselves . " Kirk says the argument that Richards would not do well in prison could have been the recommendation of probation or parole officers . However , he said , "  common sense suggests that it came from defense counsel . " As for the prosecutor 's side , the attorney general 's spokesman gave CNN a written statement . "  Cases of child sexual abuse are extremely complicated and difficult , " it read . The objective is to "  secure justice in every case to the best of its ability given the unique facts and circumstances presented in each case -- sometimes that results in a resolution that is less than what prosecutors would want , " the statement read . "  In this particular case , the facts and circumstances made it unlikely that a conviction could be secured at trial . ... This resolution protected the victim and imposed conditions that would make it less likely the defendant could harm others . "	Robert Richards was convicted of raping toddler daughter in 2009 Court decided Richards would "  not fare well " in prison His 8-year sentence was suspended and he was given 8 years of probation
Health.com  -- Cleanup workers exposed to spilled oil may be at long-term risk for breathing trouble and other health problems , according to a new study examining the aftereffects of a 2002 oil spill in Spain . However , it 's not clear whether the respiratory problems reported by the workers in the study are likely to crop up in the more than 50,000 people who have helped clean up the spill in the Gulf of Mexico caused by the explosion of the Deepwater Horizon oil rig . "  We ca n't assume it 's going to be the same here as it was there , " says David Savitz , Ph.D. , a professor of community health and ob-gyn at the Brown University School of Medicine , in Providence , R.I. "  But this shows that there is the potential for health effects that go well beyond the immediate period of exposure , and it reinforces what we 've known before -- that respiratory health effects are high on that list , " adds Savitz , co-author of an editorial accompanying the study . Health.com : Ca n't stop coughing ? 8 possible reasons The study , which appears in the Annals of Internal Medicine , included 501 fishermen who helped clean up spilled oil after the tanker Prestige sank off the coast of Spain in November 2002 . The researchers compared the workers with a similar group of 176 fishermen who did not participate in the cleanup efforts . Two years after the accident , the fishermen who were exposed to oil were more likely to report wheezing , chronic cough , and other respiratory symptoms compared with those in the control group . The breath of the exposed fishermen also contained higher levels of chemicals associated with lung damage .  Smokers were excluded from these tests . In addition , the researchers found higher rates of chromosome changes in the white blood cells of the exposed fishermen -- changes that have been linked to an increased risk of cancer in other studies , says Gina Solomon , M.D. , a senior scientist with the National Resources Defense Council , a nonprofit environmental group . Health.com : 7 surprising triggers of lung trouble "  Given these chromosomal abnormalities , I 'd also worry about effects on sperm and egg cells , " says Solomon , who was not involved in the study . The study results "  indicate that participation in the cleanup of oil spills can have undesirable effects on health , " says the lead researcher , Joan Albert Barberà , M.D. , but he stresses that the cleanup workers in the study were n't sick . "  No evidence was found of any active illness , only biological alterations that might predispose to develop disease , " says Barberà , a professor at the August Pi i Sunyer Biomedical Research Institute  IDIBAPS  , in Barcelona . The findings suggest that doctors and health officials in the U.S. should be on the lookout for respiratory problems in workers who were exposed to the huge amounts of oil that gushed from the recently capped leak in the Gulf of Mexico . Health.com : Breathing tips for people with COPD But the two spills are n't necessarily comparable , experts say . For starters , the Prestige spill -- which was roughly one-tenth the size of the Deepwater Horizon spill -- involved bunker oil , which contains different proportions of carcinogenic compounds  notably polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and benzene  than the crude oil spilled in the Gulf , according to Solomon . Moreover , the oil from the Prestige was spilled on the surface and therefore may have had a different makeup from the oil from the Deepwater Horizon well , which ascended through almost a mile of water before it could make human contact , says Arch "  Chip " Carson , M.D. , a professor of occupational and environmental health at the University of Texas at Houston School of Public Health . The oil that cleanup workers in the Gulf will encounter is "  reasonably friendly bad stuff , " Carson says . "  The likelihood of respiratory problems for these workers is negligible . " Oil is n't the only hazard , Carson points out . The dispersants used in both cleanup efforts could potentially cause respiratory effects as well . Health.com : Gulf oil spill still a health threat to many The U.S. National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences recently announced the launch of a long-term study , known as the Gulf Worker Study , to investigate potential health problems stemming from the Deepwater Horizon spill . Although the Prestige spill may not be a perfect comparison , it still highlights the need to safeguard cleanup workers in the U.S. , Solomon says . "  Gulf workers need to have adequate training and protective equipment , as well as access to health care and evaluations , " she says . "  And they are going to need careful follow-up for years to come to make sure that if they do develop health problems , they are recognized and addressed . " Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright Health Magazine 2010	Workers exposed to spilled oil may be at long-term risk for breathing trouble Doctors should be on the lookout for respiratory problems in the Gulf of Mexico workers The Gulf Worker Study will investigate the Deepwater Horizon spill
Conventional political wisdom suggests that immigration reform in a midterm election year has a snowball 's chance in July of getting any traction . But maybe that wisdom is n't so conventional . Some Republicans say they are warily preparing for the possibility that President Barack Obama could use executive action this summer to bypass congressional gridlock and act on immigration reform . Those changes could include making noncriminals and minor offenders the lowest deportation priorities , a recommendation the Congressional Hispanic Caucus stressed in its meeting earlier this month with Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson . Republicans have good reason to worry , said Stephen Yale-Loehr , a professor at Cornell University Law School . "  If I had to predict , I think the president will make some administrative fine tuning of his immigration policies in the hopes of pacifying the immigration activists , " said Yale-Loehr . Rep. Mario Diaz-Balart , R-Florida , worries that day will come in August when lawmakers have headed home to their districts to campaign . Diaz-Balart and his staff are cranking up the pace on crafting a measure that would help some undocumented immigrants gain their citizenship through currently existing channels , said Cesar Gonzalez , the congressman 's chief of staff . He declined to say which existing channels the bill would use . He added that the measure would also strengthen border security and try to address the backlog of green card applications for permanent status . The White House has directed the Homeland Security Department to reexamine the administration 's deportation policy following criticism over the roughly 2 million deportations that have occurred during Obama 's tenure . As recently as last week , the president declined to give a timeline on when those immigration policy reforms might occur . Should Obama use the power of his pen to turn the tide on immigration reform ? "  The only way to truly fix it is through congressional action , " Obama told reporters on Thursday . " We have already tried to take as many administrative steps as we could . We 're going to review it one more time to see if there 's more that we can do to make it more consistent with common sense and more consistent with , I think , the attitudes of the American people , which is we should n't be in the business necessarily of tearing families apart who otherwise are law-abiding . " Obama could take matters into his own hands Still , some Republicans , including Sen. Marco Rubio , R-Florida , a potential 2016 presidential candidate who had a key role in helping write a Senate-passed immigration reform bill , have said they are concerned Obama will soon tire of congressional inaction and use executive action . Diaz-Balart hopes to have his measure ready for a debate by June or July . "  We think that 's the last window for our bill , " Gonzalez said . That "  last window " would likely close because , as House Republican leadership has indicated , using the presidential pen and phone on immigration reform would further sour the relationship between the Obama administration and the GOP . While the Senate passed its sweeping immigration package last year , the measure has stalled in the GOP-controlled House . Republicans in that chamber have followed a more incremental approach with lawmakers -- like Diaz-Balart -- offering their own measures . But Republicans might be gun-shy about taking up this type of measure , political experts say . "  There 's a general wariness in the Republican caucus to take up immigration reform -- even incrementally , " said Nathan Gonzales , deputy editor of the Rothenberg Political Report . "  Taking up immigration has the potential to divide the caucus . There are some who want to move forward with immigration reform , but there are also Republicans who represent Republican districts who do n't feel the pressure to take it up . " That 's because immigration reform is a thorny topic and not one Republican lawmakers are likely to want to embrace in an election year . "  Republicans are trying to balance the prospect of potentially doing very well in the midterms with bringing up legislation or pieces of legislation that could potentially divide the caucus , " Gonzales said . Tensions between Obama and GOP on immigration The looming threat of executive action also does little to soothe tensions between Obama and Republicans . "  That will make it almost impossible to ever do immigration reform , because he will spoil the well to the point where no one will trust him by giving him a new law that he will implement the way the Congress intended , " House Speaker John Boehner told Fox News earlier this month . A tale of two Republicans : A story of the GOP and immigration reform According to a report in the Wall Street Journal , Boehner also told industry groups and campaign donors in March at a Las Vegas fundraiser that , when it comes to immigration reform , the House Speaker is : "  hellbent on getting this done this year . " In response to media questions about this statement , Boehner spokesman Brendan Buck emailed reporters on Friday saying "  Everyone can tell their editors to chill . " "  Nothing has changed , " Buck said . "  As he 's said many times , the speaker believes step-by-step reform is important , but it wo n't happen until the president builds trust and demonstrates a commitment to the rule of law . " Still , some Democratic operatives are banking that Republicans â $ " who lost big among African-Americans , women and Latinos in the 2012 presidential race â $ " will feel pressure to act on immigration reform . The Service Employees International Union said last year it was spending $ 500,000 to help defeat more than a half-dozen House Republicans who the group believes are vulnerable on immigration in November . Earlier this month , House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi said race was part of the reason Republicans in that chamber are blocking immigration reform efforts . "  I think race has something to do with the fact that they 're not bringing up an immigration bill , " she said . Republicans who have pushed immigration reform and political experts both say there is now a narrow window for the GOP to get something done . Late spring and summer "  might open a small window of time for Republicans to act , " Yale-Loehr said . "  If the primaries in spring and summer show immigration is not that big an issue with activists , then Republicans will feel they can go out on the limb and support reform . "	Immigration reform could get a second life under the threat of executive action President Barack Obama has suggested he might act to curb deportations Some Republicans backing reform worry the President will act by late summer The next few months offer a narrow window for the GOP to sidestep executive action
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Newt Gingrich was the keynote speaker at Monday night 's fundraising dinner for the Senate and House Republican campaign committees , but it was Sarah Palin who stole the show . Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin waves to the crowd at the Republican fundraising dinner Monday in Washington . The Alaska governor 's last-minute appearance at the GOP 's biggest fundraiser of the year ended 24 hours of speculation that the she might skip the event . A late attempt to have her speak at the dinner fell through when organizers feared she might upstage Gingrich , the onetime House speaker . Hours before the event was slated to begin , an aide to Palin would not confirm that she would be attending . But when Palin and her husband , Todd , sauntered across the stage with Gingrich and his wife , Callista , shortly before the program commenced , their appearance was met with cheers from the audience of 2,000 party loyalists . Sen. John McCain , who shared last year 's Republican presidential ticket with Palin , greeted his former running mate as she made her way to her table . Soon after , the former GOP presidential nominee tweeted : "  Great to see Sarah and Todd at the dinner tonight -- nice reunion ! " Palin did not speak at the event , but during a break in the program for dinner , Republicans clustered around the former vice presidential nominee 's table near the front of the ballroom , eager to meet the governor and pose for pictures . Watch CNN 's Candy Crowley report on the big evening " It was the only table in the vast ballroom that had a crowd gathered around it -- and despite their distance from Palin 's table , multiple television cameras kept their lenses trained on the governor for much of the night . The guest list included 33 Republican senators and Republican National Committee chairman Michael Steele . Sen. John Cornyn , who as chairman of the National Republican Senatorial Committee helped organize the dinner , sat with Palin and her husband during the event . Cornyn briefly acknowledged Palin when he appeared on stage to thank his Republican colleagues for their work on behalf of the party . "  Thank you for being here with us tonight , " Cornyn told her . "  Thank you for your leadership , we appreciate it every much . " Gingrich , the event headliner , also thanked Palin for attending . He said "  this country would be amazingly better off " had McCain and Palin been elected . In a lengthy speech that touched on topics ranging from health care to border security , Gingrich railed against the Obama administration 's "  disastrous " approach to federal spending and national security policy . He acknowledged the intra-party squabbles that have roiled the Republican party since last year 's election , but he said such debates are to be expected and will never really disappear . "  I am happy that Dick Cheney is a Republican , " he said . "  I am also happy that Colin Powell is a Republican . A majority Republican Party will have lots of debates within the party . That is the nature of majorities . " Gingrich held up Cheney , the former vice president , as an expert voice on national security , and he called the White House 's decision to engage Cheney on the national security issues "  the first big mistake " of Obama 's presidency . Pointing to last month 's dueling national security speeches from Obama and Cheney , Gingrich said that Cheney laid out facts , while Obama resorted to little more than high-minded oratory . Gingrich said that like Reagan , Obama has brilliant rhetorical skills -- but unlike Reagan , he said , Obama "  uses his rhetorical skills to hide from fundamental facts . " Watch Gingrich speak at dinner " The dinner raised $ 14.45 million for congressional Republicans , money that will be split evenly between the Senate and House campaign committees as they seek to win back majorities in next year 's midterm elections . In its most recent financial disclosure , the National Republican Congressional Committee reported $ 3.69 million in the bank and $ 5 million in debt . The NRSC , meanwhile , entered May debt-free and reported $ 2.69 million in its campaign war chest . Actor Jon Voight , an outspoken conservative who stars in the popular television series "  24 , " emceed the event . In his opening comments , Voight blasted President Obama as "  a false prophet " and "  a soft-spoken Caesar " who bullies Israel and employed pleasant-sounding language to dupe the country into voting for him last November . Watch Voight 's comments on Obama " "  Ayers , Wright , Pfleger , Alinsky , " he said , listing some of the liberal figures who became flash points in the 2008 race . "  It did n't matter one iota . Obama portrayed himself as a moderate , but turned out to be wildly radical . "	Speculation had been rampant about whether Gov. Sarah Palin would attend dinner Crowd cheers upon arrival of Palin and her husband , Todd Even though Palin does n't speak , she is center of attention during fundraiser $ 14.3 million raised for congressional Republicans ; Obama roundly criticized
CNN  -- Edward Snowden , whose disclosures have triggered broad debate over the balance between privacy and national security , has left Hong Kong and is in Moscow , apparently headed to Ecuador . Hong Kong and the Department of Justice have issued different stories about whether Hong Kong authorities had enough information to prevent Snowden 's departure . Moscow says since Snowden remained in transit through the Moscow airport , he could not have been detained by them . China and Russia seem delighted to facilitate Snowden 's passage . Snowden 's supporters assert a moral equivalence between surveillance by the United States and surveillance by China , Russia and other authoritarian regimes . This equivalence posits that surveillance by any nation , for whatever reason , whether of its citizens or of other nations , is morally equivalent . To pure privacy advocates , the use of surveillance makes no difference . The mere fact that Big Brother is watching is the central commonality . This is a mistaken view of surveillance . In the United States , the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act distinguishes between U.S. persons and non-U.S. persons . It allows only metadata collection on the former : the origins , destinations and length of calls but not their contents . The volume of data is so enormous that no government official 's prying eyes have access to what you or I say . Opinion : Why Ecuador might shelter Snowden Computer algorithms sort the data , and additional safeguards exist when that data needs to be accessed by analysts , agents or officers to comply with Fourth Amendment requirements . The entire process operates under an umbrella of approval and oversight by an elected Congress , is vetted by privacy attorneys in the Department of Justice and is overseen by life-tenured federal judges . The watchers are the agents of the people . If President Barack Obama himself asked for data concerning an individual citizen , resident alien or casual visitor to the United States , the request would be vetted and denied if it did not meet probable cause requirements of the Fourth Amendment . The FISA statute explicitly protects First Amendment rights to free speech , which include criticisms of government policy and peaceful protests against government actions . It also requires minimal privacy intrusions -- however inadvertently -- of U.S. persons . The national surveillance state , to borrow a term from legal scholar Jack Balkin , is closely tethered to the rule of law and accountability to the people . Contrast surveillance in authoritarian regimes . China closely monitors its citizens ' access to political information , and dissidents of all varieties are targeted at the whim of the unelected Communist Party leadership . The constitution is not judicially enforceable , so no independent authority can say no to a request of the party leadership . No opposing party can make political hay over surveillance of its advocates and adherents . Or consider Russia , where President Vladimir Putin 's minions , again without judicial oversight or significant independent political opposition , can monitor and imprison those who oppose his regime 's policies . Freedom of speech , and especially political speech , is closely cabined by the regime . The contents of communications found through electronic surveillance or otherwise can rapidly lead to imprisonment or house arrest . And defection , a cousin of espionage , can lead to polonium poisoning . In short , there is a world of difference between the United States and China or Russia when it comes to surveillance . The United States analyzes data to prevent terrorist violence to its people , while authoritarian regimes use surveillance to cabin political dissent by their people . But what about U.S. electronic espionage directed at Chinese e-mail contents , communications of Russia 's president and NSA interception of communications of individuals thought to be Islamist terrorists , also revealed by Snowden 's disclosures ? Opinion : Why U.S. is being humiliated by the hunt for Snowden These electronic intercepts concern the contents of communications , not just the fact of communications . And these intercepts do not respect the privacy or political free speech of the communicators . The difference is that snooping on foreign nations and alleged terrorists furthers national security , the most basic reason for the existence of the United States . National security pervades the Constitution , from the preamble 's purpose to "  provide for the common Defense " to designation of the president as commander in chief . It is nothing new for the executive branch , again under rules established by Congress and often subject to independent judicial oversight , to direct espionage against those who may seek to harm this country . Aliens outside the United States and the leadership of foreign countries are "  fair game " for surveillance , and they have no Fourth Amendment or First Amendment rights . Moreover , foreign countries know as much or more , often from the public record , of United States defensive capabilities . As Justice Robert H. Jackson dissented more than 60 years ago , the Constitution is not "  a suicide pact . " Some may think Snowden 's destination immaterial . But if he lands in a regime that represses its own people and seeks to further harm the United States , might the U.S. consider ratcheting up the diplomatic pressure beyond genteel mechanisms of criminal extradition to fulfill its mandate to "  provide for the common Defense ? " Instead of the Department of Justice writing a criminal complaint to begin a federal criminal process where Snowden could avail himself of all his constitutional rights , could the United States consider other options to protect its national security ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Charles A. Shanor .	Charles Shanor : Some think that surveillance by any nation is morally equivalent Shanor : Surveillance by the U.S. is vastly different from that of authoritarian regimes He says Russia or China uses surveillance to cabin political dissent by their people Shanor : If Edward Snowden ends up in a nation that seeks to harm the U.S. , it spells trouble
CNN  -- Mexican authorities searching a man with a bulge under his shirt at the airport in the nation 's capital found 18 monkeys hidden beneath his clothes , police said . Investigators grew suspicious after Roberto Sol Cabrera Zavaleta , 38 , became "  markedly nervous " when asked what he was transporting , Mexico 's Public Safety Department said . Two of the tiny titi monkeys he was carrying in a belt were dead , the department said in a statement , and 16 of them survived the journey from Lima , Peru . Cabrera has been detained as authorities continue their investigation , the statement said . In an interview with authorities released by police , Cabrera said he first carried the monkeys in his suitcase , but then hid the animals in his clothes so they would not be harmed by X-ray machines at the airport . Cabrera described the animals as "  pets " and told authorities he had purchased them for $ 30 . Titi monkeys are protected endangered species requiring a permit for possession , police said . Images released by police show the tiny creatures , many of which are tied up in pouches , squirming in a cardboard box .	Police say the man was carrying 18 monkeys in a belt under his shirt Authorities say they grew suspicious when Cabrera was nervous during questioning Titi monkeys are an endangered species requiring permits for ownership
CNN  -- The attorney representing the U.S. soldier suspected in the Afghanistan massacre of 16 villagers , including nine children , is a flamboyant , pugnacious trial lawyer who does n't shy from the hardest of hard-core cases . As commanding in physical stature as he is in the courtroom , the 6 1/2 - foot-tall John Henry Browne has defended serial killer Ted Bundy , who confessed to more than 30 murders before he was executed in Florida in 1989 . The Seattle attorney also defended Benjamin Ng , convicted for his 1983 role in 13 murders in the Wah Mee massacre , described then as Washington state 's worst mass killing . On a less grisly scale , Browne recently represented the so-called "  Barefoot Bandit " -- Colton Harris-Moore -- the iPod-loving and occasionally barefoot 20-year-old man who gained a cult status among the Facebook generation for a string of audacious thefts and burglaries . He has pleaded guilty to federal and state charges . Now , Browne returns to his element , drawing international cameras as an attorney defending a suspect in one of mankind 's most heinous offenses -- an alleged war atrocity . The suspect is Army Staff Sgt. Robert Bales , a military source and a senior defense official told CNN . Browne said his client , whom he would n't name , was expected to arrive in the United States Friday evening , in Fort Leavenworth , Kansas . Even without any formal military charges being filed in the Afghanistan mass killings , Browne is demonstrating his prowess as a confident provocateur -- his trademark mien -- by publicly formulating before news cameras possible defenses for the soldier . His office receptionist said Friday that Browne is now receiving media requests from "  all over the world . " Browne 's willingness to openly advance defense strategies , however , has already drawn criticism from legal experts , especially those in military justice . Browne has suggested that the soldier , who had earlier suffered a concussion in Iraq , could have been suffering post-traumatic stress syndrome , and Browne wondered why the military deployed the soldier to Afghanistan . In criticizing the military for repeated war deployments of weary soldiers , he even singled out one military base in Washington state for "  not treating those illnesses , " referring to PTSD . "  There 's been a big problem with soldiers who have been previously deployed to both Iraq and Afghanistan , with concussive head injuries and post-traumatic stress disorder , " Browne said . "  We do know he had a concussive head injury . We know he was injured in his leg severely , and I am somewhat confused to why they would send him back to Afghanistan , " he said . In another CNN interview , Browne momentarily suggested that he may put the war itself on trial -- if his client is ever charged in military court . Browne has tried more than 250 cases since graduating from American University School of Law in 1971 . "  You know , I 'm old enough to remember the My Lai massacre in Vietnam and how that hastened the end of that war . Maybe a tragic incident such as this will get people to rethink the war in general , " Browne said . Then he added : "  I certainly do n't want to put the war on trial , but I think that people should start thinking more about why we 're there and how long we 're going to stay there . " When pressed in a CNN interview about putting the war on trial , Browne stated : "  We 'll see . " Thomas Kenniff , an attorney who represented soldiers in military court in Iraq in 2005 , took exception with Browne 's comments . "  With all due respect , I think it 's ill advised , " Kenniff told CNN . "  You do n't want to say anything at this point where you 'll over-commit " to a defense . "  Maybe alcohol is going to play a big part in this case as part of establishing a defense , as part of establishing a contributing factor to  post-traumatic stress  or the command environment in theater that condoned these sort of excesses that may have contributed to this tragic offense , " he said . Browne said he was asked by the soldier 's family to represent him . He said he had reservations about taking on the case , given security concerns . In describing his client , Browne painted a picture of a decorated career soldier who joined the military after the 2001 terrorist attacks and had spent his Army life at Joint Base Lewis-McChord near Tacoma , Washington . Browne called him a devoted husband and father to his two young children who never made any derogatory remarks about Muslims or Afghans . Browne said he was offended by media reports that marital discord played a role in the events that unfolded in Kandahar province villages near the small combat outpost where the soldier was stationed . He said those reports were "  nonsense . " He said he did not know whether alcohol may have been involved , which investigators are looking into , but imagined that stress was a factor . "  For God 's sake , who is not going to be under stress in Afghanistan in a small camp where there is 20 people in the middle of nowhere ? " Browne asked . He also said that , the day before the slayings , another soldier on that base had his leg shot off in front of the suspect . "  That affected the whole base , " Browne said . Charges against his client could come within weeks in what Browne called more of a political case than a legal one . "  This is an international event , and it 's a very touchy event for our government and for other governments , " he said . "  It 's not just a normal criminal case that we deal with , and we understand that . We understand our government 's concern about it , and we certainly understand the concern of Afghanistan and its people . This  is  a pretty huge case from the standpoint of ramifications . " The soldier is accused of leaving the remote outpost of Camp Belambay on foot early Sunday and heading to neighboring villages in the Panjwai district of Kandahar province . In the villages , a U.S. soldier opened fire , killing nine children , three women and four men , witnesses and Afghan authorities said . The U.S. military has not confirmed the number of casualties . The soldier 's family has been moved to Lewis-McChord because of safety concerns , Browne said . Browne also confirmed reports that the soldier could face the death penalty . "  There is a discussion of the death penalty , understandably , I think , in this situation , which makes us very nervous , " he said . "  It 's certainly not off the table at this point . Our hope is that maybe it will be . "  We do n't know anything about  his  state of mind . We do n't know anything about the facts of the case , and whether they can prove what he 's accused of , " Browne said . In a 1998 profile of Browne , the Seattle Times described the high-profile attorney as "  a blend of charm and arrogance , spirituality and bravado " and "  a gifted storyteller who can be glib and funny or somber and dramatic " who has a "  combative style and robust ego . " A Washington state Supreme Court justice once remarked that Browne needed to be spanked , the newspaper reported . Browne 's home at the time featured Far Eastern motifs , built in Japanese style with Buddhist prayer stones . He meditated and read the poetry of Mevlana Jalaluddin Rumi , a 13th-century spiritual writer . "  People take their freedom for granted , " Browne told the newspaper in 1998 . "  They do n't teach civics anymore . They do n't realize how delicate the system is . It is a simple equation : The more power you give to government , the less power you give to individuals . " CNN 's Casey Wian , Moni Basu and Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	John Henry Browne is representing soldier suspected in the Afghanistan massacre The soldier is Army Staff Sgt. Robert Bales , a military source says Browne represented Ted Bundy and the "  Barefoot Bandit " His style is "  a blend of charm and arrogance , spirituality and bravado , " Seattle Times says
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Two foreign workers with an international aid organization were shot and killed in the western Afghanistan city of Herat on Thursday , the provincial governor said . The women , who were believed to be Finnish , worked for the International Assistance Mission , said Governor Sayed Fazlullah Wahidi said . They were riding a taxi through the city when men in a motorbike attacked them and fled , Wahidi said . No group immediately claimed responsibility for the shooting . The International Assistance Mission is a Christian aid group that has been working in Afghanistan since 1966 , primarily in the areas of health and economic development . It bills itself as "  the longest continually serving NGO in the country . " In 2010 , 10 workers with the mission - six Americans , two Afghans , a Briton and a German -- were killed by gunmen in Badakhshan , a remote northeastern region of the country .	The women , believed to be Finnish , worked for the International Assistance Mission In 2010,10 foreign workers with the mission were killed by gunmen
CNN  -- A Sudanese Christian woman who initially faced a death sentence after refusing to renounce her faith is now at the U.S. Embassy in Khartoum with her family , her husband told CNN on Friday . Mariam Yehya Ibrahim and her husband , American Daniel Wani , were freed from custody Thursday after having been detained two days earlier upon arriving at the airport in the Sudanese capital . Their two children are with them . The family was trying to get to the United States . Ibrahim was accused of two criminal counts , traveling with falsified documents and giving false information , according to her legal team . Tuesday 's detention at the airport came a day after Ibrahim 's legal team announced the 27-year-old woman had been released from prison following weeks of international controversy over her conviction on apostasy and adultery charges . Her death sentence had been overturned before that release . It 's not clear what will come next for Ibrahim , who has been given a U.S. visa . In an interview with the BBC on her way to the embassy , Ibrahim did not offer specifics when asked about her future . "  I will leave it to God , " she said . "  I did n't even have a chance to see my family when I got out of prison . " U.S. State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf confirmed Ibrahim had been released on bail , saying , "  She and her family are in a safe location , and the government of Sudan has assured us of the family 's continued safety . " Harf said that the U.S. Embassy "  remains highly engaged " in the woman 's case . "  We will provide more information as it becomes available consistent with privacy laws , " she said . Sudanese authorities said Ibrahim was detained because of the documents she submitted . Sudan 's National Intelligence and Security Services said that she had South Sudanese travel documents despite not being a citizen of South Sudan , and she was heading to the United States , which is not her native country . "  This was considered illegal by the Sudanese authorities , who have summoned both the U.S. and South Sudanese ambassadors , " the agency said in a message posted this week on its Facebook page . Religious freedom group ` gravely concerned ' Ibrahim 's lawyer , Elshareef Ali , said he 's glad his client is in "  a safe place . " "  We have strong evidence and strong confirmation from the South Sudan Embassy that these documents were issued by them , " he said . "  So we believe that the Sudanese authorities will dismiss this case . " According to her attorney , the case began when one of her relatives , a Muslim , filed a criminal complaint saying her family was shocked to find out she had married Wani , a Christian , after she was missing for several years . A Sudanese court considered Ibrahim a Muslim because her father was Muslim , but she said she was a Christian and never practiced Islam . She was charged with adultery , because a Muslim woman 's marriage to a Christian man is illegal in Sudan , and with apostasy , accused of illegally renouncing what was alleged to be her original faith . The U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom said Wednesday it was "  gravely concerned " by Ibrahim 's airport detention . "  We are very disturbed by these new developments , " Chairman Robert P. George said . "  Our chief concern now is for  Mariam  and her family 's safety , that they be freed , and for their human rights to be fully respected . " The international community must hold Sudan 's government accountable for its constitutional provisions and international commitments to respect freedom of religion by all Sudanese , he said . Woman 's ` brother ' says she should repent What does death sentence for faith say about Sudan ? Why marrying for love should never mean death	Mariam Yehya Ibrahim and her family are in the U.S. Embassy in Khartoum , husband says Ibraham and husband Daniel Wani were released from detention Thursday The family was detained as it tried to travel to the United States Ibrahim 's death sentence for refusing to renounce her faith was overturned this week
CNN  -- She is poised to become one of the world 's most powerful women , joining an elite club of fellow female trailblazers including German Chancellor Angela Merkel and Brazil 's president Dilma Rousseff . But when President Obama announced his nominee for the next chair of the U.S. Federal Reserve last October , few outside the financial world had heard of Janet Yellen . Serving as the current deputy to Ben Bernanke for the past three years , the Senate confirmed Yellen 's nomination Monday . CNN takes a look at the woman who will serve as first female chair of the U.S. Federal Reserve , the world 's most powerful central bank , when Bernanke steps down at the end of the month . Backed by experience A native of Brooklyn , New York , the 67-year-old economist has an impressive academic career coupled with extensive experience as a public servant . "  She is a proven leader because she 's tough ... Janet is exceptionally well qualified for this role , " Obama told reporters in October . "  She 's served in leadership positions in the Fed for more than a decade . " After Yellen earned her B.A. in Economics with the highest distinction from Brown University , she went on to Yale where she received her doctorate in 1971 . Her years in academia also saw her take on an assistant professor role at Harvard , a lecturer at the London School of Economics and Political Science followed by 26 years as a professor at University of California at Berkeley 's Haas School of Business . Economics in the family Away from her role at the central bank , Yellen 's family is also closely tied to the world of economics . She met her husband , Nobel Prize recipient George Akerlof , while they were both working at the Federal Reserve in 1977 . Meanwhile their son , Robert is an assistant professor in Economics at the University of Warwick in England . Communication is key When then-President Clinton appointed her to chair his Council of Economic Advisers in 1997 , he said : "  She is an esteemed writer and thinker who will serve our country well . " While today she speaks primarily on economic policy , Yellen was , in fact , the editor in chief of her high school paper , ` The Pilot . ' As The New York Times reported , in order to maintain the school 's tradition of having the editor interview the valedictorian , in 1963 Yellen delightfully interviewed herself . Finance is a small world Her closest rival for the nomination was former Treasury Secretary Larry Summers -- who she taught macroeconomics to in 1976 -- but he withdrew his name from consideration last month amid mounting press coverage . Yellen has been widely welcomed by the markets and fellow economists , 300 of which had previously signed an open letter urging the U.S. president to nominate the New York native . Two steps ahead During Obama 's nomination announcement to appoint Yellen , he praised her good judgment and understanding of how the markets work while also highlighting some of the economic issues she has foreseen . "  As vice chair for the past year she has been exemplary ... She sounded the alarm early about the housing bubble , about excesses in the financial sector and about the risks of a major recession . "	The Senate confirms Janet Yellen as the next chair of U.S. Federal Reserve Current chairman Ben Bernanke will complete his second term this month Yellen will be the first woman head in the Fed 's 100-year history The native New Yorker has extensive economic and academic experience
The NFL has denied Minnesota Vikings star running back Adrian Peterson 's appeal of a season-long suspension , league spokesman Greg Aiello tweeted Friday night . The decision was made by appeals officer Harold Henderson . Henderson said , "  I conclude that the player has not demonstrated that the process and procedures surrounding his discipline were not fair and consistent , " according to Aiello 's tweet . In November , Peterson was suspended without pay for the rest of the 2014 season because he violated the league 's personal conduct policy "  in an incident of abusive discipline that he inflicted on his 4-year-old son last May , " the league said . The National Football League Players Association said : "  The NFLPA expected this outcome , given the hearing officer 's relationship and financial ties to the NFL . The decision itself ignores the facts , the evidence and the collective bargaining agreement . "  This decision also represents the NFL 's repeated failure to adhere to due process and confirms its inconsistent treatment of players . Our union is considering immediate legal remedies . " Henderson is a former NFL executive , according to the ESPN website .	Minnesota Vikings running back has been suspended for the rest of the 2014 season NFL says he violated league 's personal conduct policy in incident with 4-year-old son Appeals officer holds up the suspension
CNN  -- News that a 16-year-old boy from California survived a five-hour flight in the wheel well of a Hawaii-bound Boeing 767 has shocked and impressed the world . Forgetting , for the moment , his ability to slip through numerous security checks , he had to avoid getting crushed by the wheel apparatus as it folded up and down , as well as survive oxygen deprivation and temperatures of below -45 degrees Celsius  -49 degrees Fahrenheit  at altitudes up to 38,000 feet . Little surprise then that survival rates for this kind of stowaway are pegged at around 24 % , according to the Federal Aviation Administration 's Civil Aerospace Medical Institute . Stowing away is also an illegal act , and of course should never be attempted by anyone . For those that do survive , there 's a risk of brain damage and other health complications as a result of the extreme conditions endured . But survival has happened -- here are some of the more notable examples of the last century . Note : While the term "  stowaway " is defined by Merriam-Webster as "  someone who hides on a ship , airplane , etc. , in order to travel without paying or being seen , " a couple of our inclusions did not directly hide , but surreptitiously boarded planes . 1 . Hate shopping , prefer Rome In 2012 , 11-year-old Liam Corcoran , from Manchester , UK , went to extreme measures to escape a shopping trip with his mother . Having given her the slip in a shopping center , Corcoran headed for Manchester Airport where , without a passport , ticket or boarding pass , he evaded security checks , metal detectors and gate control to board a Jet2 flight bound for Rome . He was only noticed halfway through the flight and was returned home when the plane flew back to the UK . 2 . Dublin to New York , courtesy the gab In 1985 , two young boys from Dublin nearly pulled off the runaway of the century . Keith Byrne  10  and Noel Murray  13  ran away from their homes in north Dublin and stowed away or hitchhiked on a boat , a bus , a train and a car to get to Heathrow Airport , nearly 600 kilometers  372 miles  away in London . And that was just the start . In Heathrow they evaded security and passport checks to board an Air India flight bound for New York . They were only caught when a wily police officer in JFK International Airport spotted them looking lost and disheveled on a sidewalk . They eventually confessed and were put on a return flight to Dublin , having spent a free night in a hotel , again courtesy Air India . 3 . World 's first aerial stowaway In 1928 , 19-year-old Clarence Terhune became a sensation in Germany , after stowing away on the return leg of the maiden flight of the Graf Zeppelin , flying from Lakehurst , New Jersey to Friedrichshafen , Germany . Terhune , a golf caddy from St. Louis , Missouri , who had already established a habit of stowing away on trains and ships and of crashing major sports events , made a bet with his brother-in-law that he could trump all previous stowaways with the Zeppelin . And he did . He snuck aboard while the dirigible was in its hangar and made his big reveal once over the Atlantic Ocean . Though made to work in the kitchen for the remainder of the journey and arrested on landing , he was hailed as a hero by the German people , sent telegrams , invited to dinners and was even offered a job , it was reported . 4 . Miracle survivor In 1996 , 23-year-old Pardeep Saini survived a ten-hour-flight from New Delhi to London Heathrow in the wheel well of a British Airways Boeing 747 . Saini 's 19-year-old brother Vijay died on the same attempt , exposed to temperatures of -60 degrees Celsius  -76 degrees Fahrenheit  . Saini 's survival was likely the result of hypoxia combined with hypothermia , essentially putting him into a state of suspended animation , doctors said . Found wandering the tarmac at Heathrow , Saini said he and his brother had fled India after being accused of having links to Sikh militants . He described how they 'd paid a man for information about how to escape the country by getting into the baggage hold of a plane through the wheel bay . But there is no access to the baggage hold from the wheel bay , and moments after entering the wheel well the plane took off and he passed out . His application for asylum was refused . 5 . Cuba to Paris , via nosebleed In 2000 , 24-year-old Roberto Viza EgÃ 1/4 es survived 14 hours as a stowaway inside a cargo container on an Air France flight from Havana , Cuba to Paris . He was exposed to freezing temperatures and low oxygen levels and a few hours in suffered an extreme nosebleed . When two Parisian grocers to whom the container had been sent discovered him , he was covered in blood . He 'd fled Cuba after fearing his membership of a dissident group was likely to cause him and his family problems . His request for asylum was denied the same year and he was returned to Cuba . Teen stowaway raises questions about airport security	A 16-year-old recently survived a five-hour flight from California to Hawaii in a wheel well Most aircraft stowaways do n't survive , exposed to multiple risks including low oxygen levels , freezing temps and mechanical threats First aerial stowaway was a 19-year-old golf caddy who illegally boarded the Graf Zeppelin in 1928
Atlanta  CNN  -- The training wheels came off two weeks before the race . They had to , or 5-year-old Jonah Jennings could n't compete in the triathlon . The first day without them , she cried -- big plopping tears of fear . By the second , she was ready for her new two-wheel bike . Jonah was one of more than 800 kids who participated in the first Atlanta Kids Triathlon in Norcross , Georgia , on Sunday . The juniors , ages 5 to 10 , swam 100 yards , biked three miles and ran a half a mile ; the seniors , ages 11 to 15 , swam 200 yards , biked six miles and ran a mile . "  I think it 's a big deal for anybody , " said Blanche Payne , wellness director at Andrew & Walter Young YMCA and one of the coaches for Jonah 's 30-kid triathlon team . "  When you say to someone , ' I want you to swim , bike and run in one event , ' adults ' eyes glass over . When you say that to a kid , they 're like ` OK . ... ' " Schools given $ 25,000 to help kids move Kids Triathlon Inc. started almost by mistake four years ago in Jacksonville , Florida , said event director Tom Gildersleeve . His wife is a physical therapist who saw a lot of teens getting burned out on their favorite team sport . She worried about kids becoming inactive when they did n't end up playing professionally . "  That led us to triathlon , " Gildersleeve said . "  That 's a sport that just supports lifelong activity . People who are 80 can still do triathlons . " The organization 's first race was held in Jacksonville with 400 kids . In 2012 , Kids Triathlon spread to five other cities . In each , the group tries to partner with an NFL team as part of NFL Play 60 -- the football league 's campaign to get kids moving for 60 minutes a day . "  Today we hear constantly about kids not being active , " said Joshua Kraft , director of strategic partnerships for the New England Patriots . "  What better way than swimming , biking and running ? A kid does n't have to be a superstar to participate . " Why it 's so hard for kids to lose weight Cheerleaders for the Atlanta Falcons and mascot Freddie revved kids up Sunday as they gathered in a sea of yellow swim caps to the sounds of singer Carly Rae Jepsen 's "  Call Me Maybe . " "  It 's a bit like herding cats , is n't it ? " a harried volunteer muttered as she tried to line the kids up by race number . It was easy to identify the mini pros -- kids whose parents had obviously spent hundreds of dollars on triathlon equipment . Yet beside the fancy road bikes were ones with pink and purple streamers ; Hello Kitty helmets lay next to ones shaped like dinosaur heads . Each kid on Jonah 's team was the first in his or her family to complete a triathlon . But as the junior group prepared to jump into the pool , Jonah and her friend Lincoln Fletcher were more interested in their loose baby teeth than being nervous . "  See ? It 's ready to come out , " Jonah said as she wiggled it with her pointed finger . The Andrew & Walter Young YMCA team spent seven weeks training . Three days a week , the group gathered to swim and either bike , run or practice transitions . Then , on Saturdays from 8 to 11 a.m. , they did all three . "  Most could not complete it when we started , " Payne said with a laugh . "  Huffing and puffing , they 'd look at me like , ` You 're kidding . ' " ` The Beast ' races to lose 100 pounds Scholarships were awarded to those who could n't afford the registration fee , and some of the team 's triathlon equipment was donated , including Jonah 's new bike . "  I want her to be competitive in life , quite honestly -- not be afraid to compete , " said Jonah 's mother , LeRoya Jennings , as she eagerly waited for her daughter to round the last corner on the bike path . Twenty minutes later , Jonah ran across the finish line to receive her medal with a big grin . "  It was long ! " she exclaimed , gulping down water . She said she wants to do another race soon , maybe with her dad next time . Gildersleeve said he hopes the events are making a long-term impact on the communities where they 're held . He said that research shows kids average an extra 19 hours of exercise a month in the lead-up to the races . "  If we can get a family to adopt that lifestyle , that 's a priority for us , " he said . "  They can learn that being active and healthy is fun . " Too much TV linked with weaker kids	Kids Triathlon Inc. holds races in six U.S. cities and hopes to expand Children ages 5 to 10 swim 100 yards , bike three miles and run half a mile The organization partners with local YMCA and NFL teams to promote an active lifestyle
CNN  -- Digital gifts may be tough to wrap . But they can be more convenient for both givers and recipients . An album from iTunes or a Kindle e-book from Amazon have become viable gift options for shoppers , especially on the eve of a holiday or for people living far away . Digital items can be purchased with a few clicks and delivered instantly . And because they do n't need to be shipped , they 're environmentally friendly . Revenue from some virtual goods , including games and applications , will reach $ 2.9 billion next year , according to research firm Inside Network . Once you add digital music downloads , which research firm Gartner says will rake in $ 6.3 billion this year , and online video streaming through services such as Netflix and Hulu , the market becomes quite large . Gift cards are always a popular alternative , but for people who would rather give a specific present , many of the big digital retailers are providing ways to send downloads via e-mail . About a quarter of holiday shoppers plan to buy virtual gifts this year , according to a research report from e-commerce provider Elastic Path . Children may find themselves running to check their e-mail on Christmas morning or each night of Hanukkah . Apple : Through its iTunes program on a computer , Apple lets you give apps , music , movies and TV shows to be sent to someone 's e-mail address or to be printed as a certificate at home . Click the down arrow beside the "  buy " button on an item in the iTunes store and then click on "  Gift This . " The iTunes or App Store buttons on Apple 's mobile devices also have this feature tucked at the bottom of each listing . Apple does not let shoppers send e-books as gifts via iBooks , however . Amazon : The online retailer has "  Give as a Gift " buttons located under the "  buy " buttons all over Kindle books and MP3 music in its store . Amazon launched the feature last holiday season . The songs are in a standard format that can be played on many music players , and the books can be viewed using the apps Amazon offers for phones , tablets and computers , as well as in a computer 's Web browser . Amazon does not seem to let shoppers gift apps , like those for the new Kindle Fire tablet . But children using their parents Kindle tablets wo n't have a tough time racking up the charges thanks to the devices ' deep integration with the Amazon store . Barnes & Noble : The bookseller 's Instant Gifting covers both apps and e-books for the Nook tablets and e-readers . The retailer lets recipients exchange unwanted gifts -- say , the full "  Twilight " series -- for store credit . Google : The computing giant sells apps , e-books , movie rentals and music downloads in the Android Market . But it does not allow customers to purchase them and have them delivered as gifts , a Google spokesman said . Others : Popular web media services , including Netflix and Pandora , sell subscriptions that can be given as gifts . Hot music streaming service Spotify offers this in parts of Europe but not yet in the United States , a spokeswoman said . So in short , stockings may be lighter this year . But inboxes may be fuller .	Amazon , Apple and Barnes & Noble let customers give e-goods as gifts Google and Spotify do not offer gifting features in the U.S. About a quarter of holiday shoppers plan to buy virtual gifts this year , a report says
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Guantanamo Bay 's legacy of torture will hurt the United States even if President Obama makes good on a pledge to close the prison camp , a former inmate says . Moazzam Begg says that during intense interrogations at Guantanamo Bay , he would have confessed to anything . Justice will be impossible to mete out to the alleged terrorists and war criminals held there because any confessions must be tainted by the methods used to obtain them , ex-prisoner Moazzam Begg told CNN . Begg says he would have confessed to anything during interrogations while he was held at Guantanamo for nearly three years . "  What procedure can you use on people who have been systematically tortured including waterboarding , including being stripped naked and beaten ? What sort of evidence can be admitted into a court of law that has been extracted under that process ? " asked Begg . Watch what Begg thinks of Guantanamo " The new administration has said that waterboarding , which causes the feeling of drowning , is torture . Begg , who is British , was captured during the war in Afghanistan and accused of aiding the Taliban regime . His family has always maintained he was a victim of mistaken identity . He was sent back to his home in Britain by the Bush administration in 2005 and never prosecuted . President Obama on Wednesday moved closer to making good on his campaign promise . The administration is drafting executive orders calling for the detention facility 's closure , officials said . Earlier in the day , a judge granted Obama 's request for a 120-day suspension of prosecutions so a review of all cases of suspected terrorists could take place . During his inaugural speech , he stressed that ideals of justice did not need to be thrown out to ensure the nation 's safety . "  Our Founding Fathers , faced with perils we can scarcely imagine , drafted a charter to assure the rule of law and the rights of man , a charter expanded by the blood of generations . Those ideals still light the world , and we will not give them up for expedience 's sake , " Obama said . Watch what could be next for Guantanamo " Legal issues are already complicating the cases of some of the most important terror suspects , like Mohamed al-Qahtani , the so-called 20th hijacker , who has been accused of helping to plan and possibly participate in the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks . Earlier this month , the retired judge in charge of determining which Guantanamo detainees should be tried by a U.S. military commission told The Washington Post that al-Qahtani was tortured and therefore could not be put forward for prosecution . "  Guantanamo Bay is the most notorious prison on earth , " Begg said . He said he believes Guantanamo is a radicalizing force for militants around the world . Looking beyond high-profile suspects , human rights campaigners say there is little evidence to prosecute dozens of Guantanamo inmates still being held . They argue that keeping those detainees locked up will not help keep al Qaeda at bay . "  I think it 's actually one of the most harmful myths about it , that we ca n't let people go because we 've got the tiger by the tail , " said Cori Crider of the human rights organization Reprieve . Chris Arendt , a former guard at Guantanamo Bay , says the Obama administration must rethink and reform the way it detains and prosecutes future terror suspects -- and do more than just close Guantanamo . "  We 're focused on this one camp that has become the star of the whole show . But there are camps everywhere , " he said . "  There are camps in Iraq , in Afghanistan -- every country that American or the coalition forces have set their feet . None of those detainees are seeing any justice . "	NEW : Obama administration drafting executive orders calling for camp 's closure President Obama suspends prosecutions at Guantanamo Bay prison camp Ex-inmate says torture at the camp has made justice unattainable Former guard says detainees at Guantanamo , other camps get no justice
Fast Company  -- The tech world 's getting used to the idea Steve Jobs is absent from Apple again , for medical reasons . We think he 'll be back soon . But one day he wo n't come back , and who might fill the big chair then ? For the time being Tim Cook is in control at Apple , as he has been every time Steve Jobs has had to take time to tackle his health issues . Cook 's time in the role has , self-evidently , been highly successful , and many commenters are tipping him to be Steve 's eventual successor -- with these stand-in periods acting as a carefully managed succession plan . But is Tim really the guy for the job , given that Steve is still active as CEO in the background , and all big decisions are still cycling through him ? Could someone else from inside Apple be a better fit , or is there someone working elsewhere we can imagine as the next Apple CEO ? Tim Cook Currently Apple COO , repeat stand-in for Steve Jobs . Demanding , keen-minded , unemotional . A science and business scholar , previously at Compaq and 12 years at IBM where he managed product and manufacturing inventories and chains . He 's credited with making Apple 's products stream reliably from their eastern manufacturing homes to their end users , and hot-tipped to replace Jobs by many . Recently introduced the high-profile Verizon iPhone . Once said : "  Replace Steve ? No , he 's irreplaceable . That 's something people have to get over . " Odds for replacing Steve : Long , long , long . A good temporary replacement , but lacks dynamism and creative vision . Jonathan Ive Currently Senior VP of Industrial Design at Apple . Highly regarded , award-winning brains behind nearly all of Apple 's iconic computing and mobile products since 1996 -- starting with the industry-startling original candy-color iMac , and recently refining the aluminum unibody designs that are now a design reference point . A highly accomplished presenter and speaker , he 's known as a perfectionist and thinks focus groups are a symptom of corporate "  creative bankruptcy . " Odds for replacing Steve : Medium-long , as though he 's a super-hot property in the design field , and some of his philosophy aligns with Jobs ' , he lacks the industrial and technical training to replace his boss . He could be a powerful co-chair , though . Phil Schiller Currently Senior VP of Worldwide Product Marketing at Apple . A 20-year Apple veteran , in different marketing management roles , he 's credited with some of the smart moves that placed iMac , iPods , and iPhones as the chic devices to own in the public 's eye . He often speaks at Jobs-led keynote speeches , and has led a keynote or two of his own to introduce new products . Not regarded as a business tiger , he does Twitter , and has spoken clearly about what makes Apple products unique : "  We want things to be beautiful , surprising to see , but they also have to be functional . One without the other does n't make any sense . " Odds for replacing Steve : Medium . He has definite genius in marketing , and shares much of Jobs ' product vision . But he does n't have a dynamic public presence , and some see him as a bad CEO -- probably better suited at staying where he is , to support any future new CEO and ensure consistency . Scott Forstall Currently Senior VP iPhone Software at Apple . Forstall is responsible for some of the key decisions behind Apple 's OS X and its Aqua interface , and led the release of OS X Snow Leopard . A computer scientist by training , and formerly an employee of Jobs ' NeXT computer firm , Forstall reports directly to Jobs and is credited with the successful industry-defining iOS interface of the iPhone and iPad . He 's a smooth public speaker and has notable attention to detail : "  I actually have a photographer 's loupe that I use to make sure every pixel is right " Odds for replacing Steve : Good . Forbes called him a name you "  need to know in 2011 , " and he 's young , possesses the right kind of technical knowledge and dynamism , and has become an increasingly important figure in key Apple product decisions . Eric Schmidt Currently Executive Chairman of Google , formerly CEO . Educated in electrical engineering , he has a PhD and taught at Stanford Business School as a part-time professor . Joined Google in 2001 , swiftly adopted the CEO role as a business-savvy figurehead in place to manage the tech-minded , but less business-savvy Larry Page and Sergey Brin . He stepped aside from this role in 2011 , and will now advise CEO Page from a board level . Schmidt served on Apple 's board from 2006 to 2009 , but left due to conflict of interests with Google . A slick public speaker , Schmidt is however famous for making oral slip-ups that damaged Google 's reputation , including "  We know where you 've been . We can more or less know what you 're thinking about . " Odds for replacing Steve : Medium . He has stepped back from the hot seat at Google , and could easily depart its board which could resolve some conflicts of interest with Apple . He is highly business-minded , technically educated , but lacks Jobs ' slickness and  possibly  creative vision . Would he do it , though ? Tony Fadell Currently retired , retained as a "  special advisor " to Steve Jobs at Apple . Fadell is a computer science engineer , formerly CEO of Constructive Instruments and employee at Apple spin-off General Magic and Philips . Joined Apple in 2001 as a contractor advising on iPod design , then was quickly hired to its iPod and Special Projects group , a group he ran as SVP from 2006 after Jon Rubenstein 's departure . Retired in 2008 , at the same time as his wife Danielle Lambert  VP of HR at Apple  to concentrate on his family . On retiring he noted "  I 'm determined to tell my kids and grandkids amazing stories beyond my iPod and iPhone ones . " Odds for replacing Steve : Unknown . He made a bold decision to spend time with his family , but retained a key role advising his former boss Jobs . He has the right technical skills and creative imagination and is certainly trusted by Jobs , but could he be tempted back for a couple of years for the right eight-figure salary ? Mark Papermaster Currently VP in Engineering at Cisco Systems . He is educated in electronics and worked at IBM for 26 years , including senior roles in the PowerPC chip project -- the chips that , at the time , powered Apple 's computer lineup . Highly regarded in the industry , Apple tried to recruit him in 2007 , but did n't find him a fit for the role in question . After Fadell left , Papermaster was recruited in late 2008 to help integrate Apple 's recent chip design acquisitions . A controversial battle with IBM occurred , concerning Papermaster 's intense inside knowledge of IBM 's tech , and though this was resolved he left Apple in late 2010 due to the iPhone 4 antenna woes and broader "  cultural " differences . Odds for replacing Steve : It 's very unlikely to happen . Unless Apple 's Board decides Papermaster 's technical expertise and dynamism are crucial to develop the internally produced chips that Apple is increasingly relying on for its signature products . A possible co-CEO ? Peter Skillman Currently VP of Meego Ux and Services Design at Nokia . Skillman has an MSME in Product Design from Stanford , but is most famously known as the man behind Palm 's revolutionary Pre phone -- the last-ditch effort by Palm to remain relevant in a post-iPhone world . He left his VP of User Experience role Palm after its acquisition by HP and joined Nokia in late 2010 . Speaking about his area of expertise since joining Nokia , Skillman noted "  Design is just 5 % of a world class product and experience . Marketing , sales , distribution , -LSB- and -RSB- procurement is what makes up the other 95 % . " Odds for replacing Steve : Long in the short term , good in the future . Skillman certainly has the right criteria for the Apple CEO role , understanding technical matters , design principles , marketing roles and management issues . He 's unlikely to leave Nokia soon , and who knows if he 'd be tempted to join Apple , but he 's the right stuff . Copyright © 2010 FastCompany.com , a unit of Mansueto Ventures , LLC . All rights reserved .	Tony Fadell is retired , but retained as a "  special advisor " to Jobs Scott Forstall has a good chance of being the next leader of Apple Peter Skillman certainly has the right criteria for the Apple CEO role
CNN  -- Colleen Ritzer was the kind of high school teacher who made geometry and algebra classes fun . Just a few years older than her students , she used Twitter to send homework assignments and inspirational messages . Her Twitter profile description read : "  Math teacher often too excited about the topics I 'm teaching . " Ritzer 's lifeless body was found in woods near Danvers High School early Wednesday morning . Prosecutors in Massachusetts charged one of her students , Philip Chism , 14 , with beating the 24-year-old teacher to death . Ritzer was "  a dynamic and brilliant ray of light , " the school district 's statement said . "  Colleen Ritzer was everything one could ask for in a teacher -- dedicated , passionate and invested in her students . Our entire community will feel this loss for many years to come . " Family , friends and her students echoed those sentiments over and over again Wednesday as they struggled to comprehend the loss . "  She was just a young caring girl who had whole world ahead of her , " her uncle Peter Martellucci told CNN affiliate WCVB . "  And to be taken so tragically , it 's awful . " Ritzer 's aunt , Shirley Martellucci , said her niece never had any trouble with students . "  She always wanted to be a teacher , all her life . It 's just unbelievable that someone would take her life at such a young age . " At a vigil Wednesday night , students were visibly distraught as they remembered their beloved teacher . "  There were no words that could describe how upset and heartbroken everyone was from the loss of Ms. Ritzer , " student Brianna Wallis told CNN 's Piers Morgan . A statement by her family called Ritzer an "  amazing , beautiful daughter and sister . " "  Everyone that knew and loved Colleen knew of her passion for teaching and how she mentored each and every one of her students . " Her family asked for privacy "  at this most difficult time , " but Ritzer 's social network postings offer insight into her personality and passions . Teacher slayings hurt view of schools as safe havens Ritzer loved ` Home Alone , ' 1990s sitcoms , math Ritzer 's idea of a great night apparently was watching "  Home Alone " for the hundredth time or a marathon of "  Full House " or "  Boy Meets World " episodes on television . "  Sunday note : Home Alone is the best holiday movie ever made : " she tweeted in December . While it 's her name now in the latest tragic headlines , she mourned when 26 students and adults were killed by a lone gunman at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown , Connecticut , in December . "  Such a devastating , unbelievable tragedy in CT. . Please keep the innocent children , teachers , and their families in your thoughts , " Ritzer tweeted that day . When the Boston Marathon was interrupted by bombs in April , Ritzer wrote : "  This world is a crazy place . Love who you love and live every day . Thoughts and prayers to those affected at the Boston Marathon . " She also posted a quote she credited to the late children 's TV host Mr. Rogers : "  I would see scary things in the news , my mother would say ` Look for the helpers . You will always find people who are helping . ' " On last month 's anniversary of the September 11 , 2001 , terror attacks , she tweeted : "  Always thinking of the innocent victims of 9/11 and the loved ones left behind who live in their light every day . " She also used Twitter to share her philosophy on life and tough times : "  Every day may not be good , but there is something good in every day . " "  No matter what happens in life , be good to people . Being good to people is a wonderful legacy to leave behind . " To students in her geometry and algebra classes , she once wrote : "  Full school week ahead . That can only mean one thing : lots of math fun : " ` She cared about every single student ' When Ritzer took the job at Danvers High School , it meant she could live with her parents in Andover about 15 miles away . This would save money as she also worked on a master 's degree in school counseling at Salem State University . "  As a dedicated teacher , Colleen wanted to work with and help children with special needs , " an e-mail from Salem State University read . "  She believed children have much to offer and often do not realize how special they are as individuals . In her application to Salem State she said she was dedicated to ` helping students in times of need . ' " After graduating magna cum laude from Assumption College in Worcester , Massachusetts , in 2011 , her first teaching job was at a middle school . Former colleague and friend Charlotte Dzerkacz told CNN on Wednesday that she knew after just her first few weeks that she wanted to be a teacher for the rest of her life . "  She was energetic and compassionate , " Dzerkacz said . "  You could n't ask for anything more from a teacher or a friend . She cared about every single student and put in many hours after school every day , always thinking about how she could be better and better help students . She was truly a beautiful person . " Ritzer "  always had a smile on her face " and "  was extremely approachable , so I do n't know how she could be the target of something like this , " Dzerkacz said . Her students were shattered by the loss . "  There 's not words to describe her , " freshman Spencer Wade said . "  She 's such an excellent teacher . " Kyle Cahill , another Danvers student , said Ritzer was the kind of teacher who would go the extra mile for her students and would routinely stay late after school to provide extra help . When student Alex Taylor celebrated his birthday last week , Ritzer tweeted to him : "  Happy Birthday ! Hope you had a great day : " Taylor tweeted about her Wednesday : "  Actually unbelievable , one of my favorite teachers ever , a great teacher and a great person #RIP " Chris Weimert said he was just visiting with Ritzer in her classroom on Monday . "  It 's just surreal that how quickly someone can go , and how much we take for granted everyday , " Weimert said . Just days before this school year began , Ritzer posted a quote from Ralph Waldo Emerson on her Facebook page . It resonated Wednesday : "  To know even one life has breathed easier because you have lived . This is to have succeeded . " CNN 's Alexis Weiss contributed to this report .	Colleen Ritzer "  always wanted to be a teacher , " an aunt says Teacher "  always had a smile on her face " and "  was extremely approachable , " friend says "  There 's not words to describe her , " student says Ritzer 's social network postings offer insight into her personality and passions
CNN  -- Nobody knows what caused Rosy Esparza to fall out of her seat on a Texas roller coaster ride and plunge to her death . Six Flags Over Texas has closed the Texas Giant ride amid its investigation into Esparza 's death on Friday at its park in Arlington , Texas . Many questions remain unanswered : Was her death a freak accident , or a sign of a larger problem ? How risky are roller coasters ? And who 's in charge of keeping theme parks safe ? On Monday a medical examiner ruled that Esparza was killed by multiple traumatic injuries from her fall . Dramatic accounts of Friday 's incident have emerged , with some witnesses describing family members shouting at the scene and others claiming that the woman had raised concerns with the ride operator about whether the lap bar holding her in her seat was secure . On Sunday , son-in-law Ronald Segovia told CNN that he did not hear his mother-in-law mention that her lap bar did not lock properly , contrary to witness accounts reported by CNN affiliates . Opinion : Death by ` amusement ' Segovia and his wife were sitting in front of Esparza , who was seated by herself on the Texas Giant ride . Details such as conversations between passengers and ride operators are among the things investigators will consider , experts say . "  You 're going to look at the operations of it , and the human factor , the human part of the equation , " said Bill Avery , an amusement ride and device safety consultant . "  Was there an error or omission made by an operator or someone in operations ? " Maintenance and design would also be examined , he said , in addition to details such as the rider 's posture and size . "  There 's no one answer sometimes , " said Robert Swint , an accident reconstructionist . In Facebook posts , her sons described the situation as a nightmare . There is no federal regulation of theme parks , and critics say Esparza 's death shows that the government needs to keep better tabs on amusement park deaths and injuries and ensure that someone is held responsible when they happen . The amusement park industry stresses that its rides are "  one of the safest forms of recreation available . " The International Association of Amusement Parks and Attractions , a trade group representing amusement parks , says visitors of fixed-site amusement parks have a 1 in 24 million chance of being seriously injured . That would mean it 's more likely you 'll be struck by lightning , die from a bee sting or drown at the beach . According to a National Safety Council analysis of amusement park injuries , there were just over 1,200 ride-related injuries in 2011 , and about 4 % of those caused serious physical harm . Roller coaster accidents accounted for about 28 % of the injuries , the council said . Some industry observers say that amusement parks are loosely regulated , and rules vary from state to state . They note that Six Flags will be in charge of conducting its own investigation into Esparza 's death , not an outside independent agency . The company said it will be relying on internal and external experts in its investigation and can not speculate on what happened . "  While the cause of this tragic accident is still unknown , one thing is clear : Roller coasters that hurtle riders at extreme speeds along precipitous drops should not be exempt from federal safety oversight , " Sen. Edward Markey , D-Massachusetts , said in statement Monday . "  A baby stroller is subject to tougher federal regulation than a roller coaster carrying a child in excess of 100 miles per hour . This is a mistake . " Markey has called for greater regulation of amusement parks for more than a decade , arguing that it would help prevent injuries . But his measures asking for the Consumer Product Safety Commission to step in have never passed . Earlier this year , researchers from Nationwide Children 's Hospital in Columbus , Ohio , warned that thousands of children are injured yearly on amusement park rides and called for greater regulation . The amusement park industry says that state regulation is the best way to handle safety . They argue that there are already many layers that keep riders safe , including mechanical and design standards , state and local governments , insurance companies and private safety firms . As the investigation continues , legal analysts say the threat of a lawsuit against Six Flags is looming . "  As of now , Six Flags is conducting this internal investigation themselves , and also the German manufacturer of the roller coaster has sent people in to investigate ... and see if there was any kind of defect in the roller coaster when this accident happened , " attorney and legal analyst Faith Jenkins told CNN . "  Obviously they 're concerned about accountability and liability in terms of someone bringing a civil lawsuit for negligence and perhaps product liability . " So , should riders be worried ? Avery , who founded a ride safety consulting firm and once headed up safety at several parks , said there are simple steps that visitors can follow . When it comes to securing safety restraints , Avery said , "  as a general rule , it needs to fit snugly near your waistline , above the top of your thighs , so it can hold the passenger in regardless of what kind of forces are applied , and where they 're applied , on the human body . " Do n't be afraid to ask operators questions , he said . And if you do n't like their answers , he said , "  you have the right to say , ' I choose now not to ride . ' " Six Flags Chairman and CEO Jim Reid-Anderson hosted a quarterly earnings call Monday from the Texas theme park , expressing sympathy to Esparza 's family . "  We 've been here through the weekend to support our team as we work through this tragic event , " he said . Six Flags said it has not experienced a dip in attendance at any of its parks since Friday 's incident , but that could change . "  There is a lag in reaction time after an accident , and there could be a short - to medium-term attendance impact at the affected park , " Reid-Anderson said during Monday 's call . Reid-Anderson told investors that the ride would remain closed until the investigation is complete . "  You can rest assured that it will remain closed until we are certain it is safe to ride , " he said . CNN 's Luisa Navarro , Joe Sutton , Ed Lavandera and Mike Ahlers contributed to this report .	Six Flags is investigating after a Texas woman plunged to her death from a ride The medical examiner says the woman suffered multiple traumatic injuries Some say the incident is a sign that more regulation is needed The amusement park industry says safety has long been a top priority
CNN  -- The little girl was deeply concerned . So on Christmas Eve , she called in to the North American Aerospace Defense Command 's Santa tracking center with an urgent question : "  If I lose my tooth , and the Tooth Fairy comes , could the Tooth Fairy scare away Santa Claus ? " The Santa trackers at NORAD started on Christmas Eve at 6 a.m. ET , fielding questions from all over the globe and continuing a tradition that began by accident in 1955 . That year , an ad placed in a local Colorado Springs newspaper encouraged kids to call a phone number to find out Santa 's whereabouts on Christmas Eve , but instead of the intended number , the operations center for what is now called NORAD was printed . Col. Harry Shoup was in charge that night , and instead of hanging up , he had his operators find Santa and report on his location . NORAD is typically charged with detecting attacks against North America by aircraft , missiles or space vehicles , but on Christmas Eve , its high-tech tools of detection are repurposed to find and track Santa . John Cornelio , a media spokesman at NORAD , says the organization is on track to receive more than 100,000 calls and 10,000 e-mails . He says the volunteer Santa trackers are mostly NORAD workers or their family members . After a quick briefing , the trackers start taking calls , relaying Santa 's position as shown on a big screen on the front wall of the call center . Tracking information is also posted to Facebook , Twitter and YouTube . On the other end of the phone for some lucky youngsters Monday was first lady Michelle Obama , who watched Santa 's progress along with children nationwide from her vacation in Hawaii . When 5-year-old Fischer from North Carolina called her , Santa was delivering presents to the children of Libya . "  And you know how many gifts he 's delivered already ? " the first lady asked Fischer , who said he wanted a four-wheeler for Christmas . "  No , m ` am , " he replied , according to a transcript from the White House . The first lady replied , "  More than 3 billion gifts he 's already delivered . " Abby , whose favorite Christmas song is "  Silver Bells , " spoke with Michelle Obama alongside her siblings , Lilli and Kyle , while Santa flew over Italy . And Kayla , age 4 , guessed that the red nose visible on the satellite as the sleigh flew over the sleeping children of Croatia was "  Rudolph the Reindeer . " Cornelio says NORAD has learned that Santa "  roughly arrives at homes between 9 p.m. and midnight , but only after the kids have gone to bed . " He says that kids can help make things a lot easier for Santa if they 're in bed at that time so he does n't have to backtrack . As for the monumental logistical challenge of delivering all those gifts  NORAD reports that he 's already delivered more than 2 billion gifts , as of 1 p.m. ET  , Cornelio says that time to Santa is different from what it is to most people . "  What seems like 24 hours to you and I actually is a lot more significant period of time to Santa . ... That 's what allows him to actually travel all around the world in a 24-hour period . " While the Santa trackers handle a variety of questions , there are some they just do n't have the answer to . One child called in earlier to ask if Santa likes President Barack Obama or his electoral opponent , former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney . Cornelio replied : "  Santa would have to best answer that question . What we do is make sure Santa travels safely . " To reach the Santa trackers , call 1-877-Hi NORAD  1-877-446-6723  or e-mail noradtrackssanta@outlook.com .	NEW : Michelle Obama takes some calls from children The North American Aerospace Defense Command started tracking Santa in the 1950s This season , Santa trackers are expected to receive more than 100,000 calls , 10,000 e-mails Some questions stray from the typical
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Seven U.S. troops were killed near Baghdad early Monday in a vehicle rollover accident , U.S. officials said . U.S. troops question a man who was out after a curfew Sunday night in Baghdad . Officials do not believe any hostile fire was involved . The location and name of the unit were not available as officials attempted to notify next of kin . The U.S. military also said that a Task Force Lightning soldier died Sunday from injuries caused by rocket fire during a patrol in the northern Tameem province . The number of U.S. military deaths in the Iraq war stands at 3,770 , including seven civilian employees of the Defense Department . Also Monday , 12 militants were killed in fighting between troops and insurgents just outside the northern city of Samarra , the U.S. military said . The military said Iraqi and U.S. troops conducting a helicopter assault raid were confronted by militants from al Qaeda in Iraq . Insurgents fired at troops and wounded three U.S. soldiers , a statement said . Backed up by helicopters , Iraqi and U.S. ground forces fired back , the statement said , killing 12 people described as "  enemy extremists . " Three people were detained and a fourth "  was positively identified as a hostage being held for ransom by the insurgents . " Samarra has been the scene of much fighting in recent months . The city in Salaheddin province is the site of Al-Askariya Mosque , the Shiite shrine that was attacked twice , apparently by Sunni militants . Watch U.S. soldiers give a tour of life in Iraq " The U.S. military also claimed success against militants in volatile Diyala province . The military said Monday that nine insurgents were killed and 10 detained during an Iraqi and U.S. operation called Operation Lightning Hammer II , which began last week . Soldiers were operating in the Baquba , Muqdadiya and Balad Ruz areas . "  The value of these operations is vital as we continue to pressure and target al Qaeda elements who feel they have a power base in Diyala province , " said Lt. Col. James George . Meanwhile , an official announced a slight easing of security measures in Baghdad during the Muslim holy month of Ramadan , a religious observation that begins this week . Brig. Gen. Qassim Atta , an Iraqi military spokesman , said on Iraqia TV that the nightly curfew will go into effect at midnight instead of 11 p.m. during Ramadan . It will last until 5 a.m. . The Friday vehicle curfew from 11 a.m. to 3 p.m. will be dropped during the month . But vehicles wo n't be permitted over many of the Tigris River bridges linking eastern and western Baghdad . It is unclear what other security measures will be enforced . Muslims fast during daylight hours during Ramadan . In the evening , they eat small meals and visit with friends and family . Iraq 's prime minister on Monday touted his government 's efforts in thwarting "  sectarian war " but acknowledged Iraqi troops are not yet ready to take over security duties from the U.S.-led coalition . "  We have succeeded in preventing Iraq from going into sectarian war -- which threatened our dear Iraq -- and I am fully confident that national reconciliation is our only way that takes Iraq into safety in spite of all the destabilizing actions by local and international groups , " said Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki , who addressed the country 's parliament , the Council of Representatives . "  Despite the security improvement , we still need more efforts and time in order for our armed forces to be able to take over security control in all Iraqi provinces from the multinational forces that helped us in a great way in fighting terrorism and outlaws " he said . Al-Maliki 's comments came hours before U.S. Gen. David Petraeus and Ryan Crocker , U.S. ambassador to Iraq , were to appear before Congress to deliver reports on military and political progress in Iraq . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Barbara Starr and Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. says nine insurgents killed in operation in Diyala province NEW : Curfew in Baghdad slightly shorter during coming month of Ramadan Vehicle rollover kills seven U.S. troops near Baghdad Twelve militants killed in fighting between troops and insurgents near Samarra
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Lindsay Lohan 's lawyer "  vehemently " denied that the actress stole a necklace from a Venice , California , jewelry store last month . The Los Angeles County district attorney is considering a felony theft charge against Lohan after her stylist handed over the "  one of a kind necklace " to police just before they were to search her apartment , according to the police and the prosecutor 's spokeswoman . "  We vehemently deny these allegations and , if charges are filed , we will fight them in court , not in the press , " Lohan lawyer Shawn Chapman Holley said Saturday . Los Angeles County district attorney spokeswoman Sandi Gibbons on Saturday denied a media report that a decision had already been made to charge Lohan . "  The case remains under review , " Sandi Gibbons said . "  When we make a decision , we will let everyone know . " The necklace was valued at $ 2,500 , a statement from the Los Angeles Police Department said . "  As part of the grand theft investigation , detectives with the Los Angeles Police Department 's Pacific area obtained a search warrant on February 1 , 2011 , for actress Lindsay Lohan 's Venice residence , to search for the necklace , " the statement said . Lohan , 24 , is currently on supervised probation for a drunk driving conviction . The judge overseeing her case told her in October that he would send her to jail for 180 days if she violated her probation rules before her next court appearance , set for February 25 . She left the Betty Ford clinic a month ago after three months in a drug rehabilitation program . The rehab stint persuaded the judge not to send Lohan to jail for failing a drug test . CNN 's Brittany Kaplan contributed to this report	The L.A. district attorney is considering a felony theft charge against the actress A jeweler reported the "  one-of-a-kind " necklace missing last month The jewelry was given to police just before they were to search Lohan 's home
