RollingStone.com  -- A sad "  Game of Thrones " spoiler alert ahead : Everyone 's favorite friendly giant , Hodor , and his best buddy , Bran Stark , will not appear in the show 's upcoming fifth season , according to actor Kristian Nairn . "  We 're not actually in season five , by the way , " Nairn told the Australian Broadcasting Corporation . "  We have a season off . We have a year 's hiatus ... Solely because , I imagine , our storyline is up to the end of the books . " "  Game of Thrones " just began filming its fifth season in Europe , though Nairn â $ " who is also a DJ â $ " remains in Australia . He 's been traveling around the country presenting his Westeros-inspired DJ tour , the aptly titled , "  Rave of Thrones . " 10 Most Dramatic ` Game of Thrones ' Deaths While his trek down under runs through September 7 , Nairn hinted that he might be taking the tour elsewhere now that he 's on a break from "  GoT " : "  I get a year off now to do ` Rave of Thrones ' and gallivant all over the world . " So even if there 's no Hodor holding up Bran on screen , there just might be a Hodor holding down the ones and twos in nightclubs across the globe . Despite the absence of Hodor and Bran in season five , "  Game of Thrones " did add a number of new characters over the summer , including British screen vet Jonathan Pryce  "  Brazil , " "  Pirates of the Caribbean "  , who will play the High Sparrow , a religious leader who comes to Kings Landing to serve the city 's poor . Top 40 ` Game of Thrones ' Characters , Ranked Other additions include Alexander Siddig  "  Star Trek : Deep Space Nine "  as Doran Martell , the ruler of Dorne and the older brother of the Red Viper , Oberyn Martell , who met a gruesome demise in season four . Toby Sebastian will play Doran 's son and heir to Dorne , Trystane , while Nell Tiger Free plays his wife-to-be , Myrcella Baratheon , officially the daughter of Cersei Lannister and King Robert Baratheon  though her father is really Jaime Lannister  . The Oberyn extended family will also include a few bastard daughters played by Keisha Castle-Hughes , Jessica Henwick and Rosabell Laurenti Sellers . See the original story at RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	The characters Hodor and Bran Stark are n't expected to appear next season Actor Kristian Nairn says they have a season off "  Game of Thrones " just began filming its fifth season in Europe
CNN  -- They kept their bodies alive with rationed crackers , bubble gum , beer and three gallons of water . But spiritually , the three men lost at sea for eight days had something else to keep them going . The family of the missing boaters put these photos on flyers shortly after they went missing . "  We just kept praying , and we kept hope alive , " rescued boater Tressel Hawkins told CNN on Monday . "  Even though hope had managed to thread down to a little bitty string , I mean , that little bitty string could be just as strong as the rope you hung on to the first time you got started . " What was supposed to be a fishing expedition to catch swordfish and marlin became instead a test of survival . Hawkins , 43 , and his fellow boaters , Curtis Hall , 28 , and James Phillips , 30 , set out on August 21 from Matagorda Bay in Texas and went about 100 miles south . Their first night in the Gulf of Mexico almost proved fatal . While Hawkins was sleeping , he said , he felt the bean bag he was resting on floating . He awoke to find water in the 23-foot catamaran knee-high . The water extractor had malfunctioned . He woke up Hall and Phillips and they tried to stop the flooding but it was too late , Hawkins said . Watch CNN 's Fredricka Whitfield talk to Hawkins " As Hall had the radio in his hand to call for help , the boat capsized , Phillips told CNN affiliate KHOU-TV . They were "  shocked , " Phillips said . Hall was responsible for rationing the food they had on board and the fresh water that sat in a tank on the boat , Hawkins said . They did n't like it , but they had to follow his rules to survive , he said . "  And being that you do n't really know when you 're going to get rescued , you have to ration it down to the bare essentials , and he stuck to his guns on that , " Hawkins said . And with only those bare essentials , they waited and they prayed but they did n't give up . The three had lifejackets , flares and handmade flags . They used T-shirts and railing they ripped off the boat to create the flags , Hawkins said . They waved at boats and helicopters they saw , but the pilots did n't see them , Hall said . Watch two other fishermen describe ordeal " "  We tried flaggin ' everybody we could , but I guess it was not our time to go home yet . They 'd come straight at us , we 'd be like ` Hey , ' and there they 'd go , " Hall told KHOU . "  I was like , well , you know the good man above , either he 's teaching us a lesson or showing us something . And finally , when that boat came , it was just ... I do n't know . " "  It was a miracle , " Phillips said , finishing Hall 's sentence . One day after the Coast Guard called off a weeklong search for the men , the trio spotted a private vessel in the distance . They waved their flags and this time they were seen , Hawkins said . The Coast Guard said it combed more than 86,000 square miles looking for the men . When the crew of the private boat found the three sitting on top of their capsized catamaran , they were about 180 miles from Port Aransas , Texas , which is at the entrance to Corpus Christi Bay . None of the men suffered serious injuries despite all they had endured . In fact , Hawkins said he would n't be against going fishing again very soon . "  I would love to do it this weekend , but we made a pact when we made it back to the house that we 're going to put the poles down for the rest of the year and try to do something else , maybe go deer hunting or something like that . "	Three fishermen spent week on on capsized boat in Gulf of Mexico Men rationed water , crackers , beer to live Boater spotted fishermen about 180 miles from coast of Port Aransas , Texas Coast Guard had called off search for men on Friday
Forget about William and Catherine . The real star of this family is Prince George -- as this year 's release of the royals ' official Christmas photographs proves . The three images , taken outside with the young prince sitting on a flight of stone steps , show the third-in-line to the throne looking relaxed and sporting a quizzical look and a cheeky grin . Over a long-sleeve white shirt , he wears a knitted , navy sweater vest featuring the iconic guardsmen seen outside Buckingham Palace , home to his great-grandmother , Queen Elizabeth II . The pictures , taken in late November , show Prince George in a courtyard at Kensington Palace , where his parents have their official residence in an apartment recently refurbished at a cost of millions of dollars . George is in shorts , rather than long pants , with knee-high socks and shoes . It 's a look some may love and others dismiss as rather twee . One of the reasons William and Catherine released the pictures was in acknowledgment of the fact that their request for Prince George to grow up without intrusion from photography has been , and continues to be , honored , Kensington Palace said . His parents seized the limelight last week on a three-day trip to New York City , where they met with celebrities , business leaders and political leaders , as well as wowing crowds of onlookers . In the course of the whirlwind tour , the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge visited the 9/11 Memorial and Museum , chatted with Hillary and Chelsea Clinton at a Royal Foundation reception and even met Jay Z , Beyonce and King James -- also known as basketball star LeBron James -- at an NBA game between the Brooklyn Nets and James ' Cleveland Cavaliers . Young George was left at home on this occasion , having accompanied his parents on a spring trip to Australia and New Zealand . But these cute photos should restore the 17-month-old to center stage . Catherine is due to give birth to the couple 's second child in April next year .	Palace releases three images of Prince George ahead of the holiday season The young prince smiles cheekily for the camera in two of the shots His parents , William and Catherine have just returned from a trip to New York
CNN  -- The feat has not been achieved since 1936 but with every victory , the pressure on Andy Murray to deliver a first British winner of the men 's singles at Wimbledon since Fred Perry grows . The expectation is always there for any leading British player but with Rafael Nadal and Roger Federer having unexpectedly dropped out of his section of the draw , Murray is fancied like never before to finally rewrite history . The beaten finalist in 2012 , the 26-year-old survived a second set scare to beat Russian 20th seed Mikhail Youzhny 6-4 7-5  7-5  6-1 and reach the quarterfinals for the sixth straight year . The second seed will meet the unseeded Fernando Verdasco for a place in the semifinals , with the Scot boasting an 8-1 winning record against the Spaniard , who beat Kenny de Schepper in straight sets . "  It was a tough match , " U.S. Open and Olympic champion Murray said later . "  The first couple of sets especially -- and he also had a chance at the start of the third . "  But once I got ahead in the third set , I concentrated really hard not to let him back into the match like I did in the second set . " The turning point of a contest that lasted two hours and 37 minutes came in the second set when Murray managed to turn around a 2-5 deficit to win on a tie break . Youzhny needed treatment on a shoulder injury early in the third set and faded soon after , so allowing the British number one to reach the last eight without dropping a set . "  I just have to concentrate on the next match , " he said when asked about the pressure of being the home favorite . "  Serena Williams lost today and she does n't lose particularly often , " he explained . "  Roger lost , Rafa lost -- all these guys and girls are better than me and if they can lose , so can I. " Should Murray come through his quarterfinal , he will meet either Jerzy Janowicz or Lukasz Kubot in the last four -- with one of the Polish duo set to create history . Whoever wins their clash will become the first Pole to reach the semifinals of a men 's grand slam . The Radwanska sisters may have put Polish tennis on the map in recent years but they have long been hoping that they will be joined by their male compatriots . Without a quarterfinalist at Wimbledon since 1980 , two came along on the same day as 24th seed Janowicz , 22 , beat Austria 's Jurgen Melzer in five sets while the unseeded Kubot was also taken all the way when beating Adrian Mannarino . Despite the significance of their forthcoming encounter , Janowicz and Kubot , 31 , hugged one another as soon as they met in the locker room after their respective wins . "  It 's unbelievable what is going on right now , " the big-serving Janowicz told reporters . "  We have two players in the quarterfinals in the men 's draw . "  Right now , tennis is a really famous sport in our country . I hope we 'll get more fans . " Kubot 's passage to the quarterfinals was first eased by the shock defeat of Rafael Nadal in the opening round and then further helped as the Spaniard 's conqueror Steve Darcis was forced to pull out of his second round meeting with the Pole through injury . In the top half of the draw , David Ferrer -- who lost his first grand slam final against compatriot Nadal at the French Open last month -- reached his second straight Wimbledon quarterfinal when beating Croatia 's Ivan Dodig 6-7 7-6 6-1 6-1 . "  I 'm trying to play more aggressive , " said Ferrer , who has never progressed to the last four at Wimbledon . "  I need to serve better than other courts , obviously when I am playing the second shot . Every match I am playing better with my game . I am confident . " Next up for the consistent Spaniard , who will rise to a career-high world No. 3 in next week 's rankings , is Argentina 's Juan Martin del Potro , who beat 23rd seed Andreas Seppi in straight sets . "  He 's a very great player , " said Ferrer . "  It 's going to be difficult . I need to play my best tennis to beat Del Potro . And on a grass court I think it is more difficult . He plays better than me on grass . Last year I beat him , but I think I played my best match on a grass court . " Whoever wins through will meet either Novak Djokovic , who beat Tommy Haas in straight sets late on Monday , or Tomas Berdych , who sunk Bernard Tomic 7-6 6-7 6-4 6-4 , in the last four .	Second seed Andy Murray beats Russia 's Mikhail Youzhny in straight set to reach last 16 Briton will play Spain 's Fernando Verdasco in the quarterfinals Historic clash set to deliver first Polish male grand slam semifinalist Novak Djokovic beats Tommy Haas to set up quarterfinal against Tomas Berdych
CNN  -- Eighteen-year-old Juan Gonzalez was dying alone in a hospital , thousand of miles from his Guatemalan home . He was separated from the family he had traveled to the United States to help support . Juan Gonzalez was earning $ 250 a week as a dishwasher when his heart trouble began . Diagnosed with a chronically weak heart , without much money and lacking resources , Gonzalez seemed bound to die without ever seeing his parents again . That changed after CNN aired a story about his plight . Thanks to the help of a compassionate hospital staff , a U.S. congressman and a concerned community , Gonzalez has been reunited with his parents for what may be the last time . Watch Gonzalez make his tearful plea " Like many undocumented workers , Gonzalez came to the United States last fall to provide some financial help for his family , who had fallen on hard times back in Guatemala . He took a job as a dishwasher in Rome , Georgia , making about $ 250 a week . Then , in November , his heart gave out . Gonzalez has been in and out of the hospital for seven months . Doctors diagnosed Gonzalez with dilated cardiomyopathy , which means his heart muscle is very weak . Dr. Frank Stegall , Gonzalez 's cardiologist , said the Guatemalan teen 's heart pumps only 20 percent of the blood a healthy heart should . But as Gonzalez 's heart failed him , he opened up the hearts of others . Stegall and the staff at Rome 's Redmond Regional Medical Center were inspired by Gonzalez 's attitude and courage and set out to reunite the dying teen with his parents . They contacted U.S. Rep. Phil Gingrey , R-Georgia . Gingrey got the State Department involved in expediting visas for Pascual and Maria Gonzalez , Juan 's parents . Delta Air Lines donated tickets to Atlanta , and the Gonzalezes boarded a plane for the first time , bound for Georgia to see their dying son . Watch the family reunion " Gonzalez has vowed to fight to the end , but doctors say his prognosis is n't good . With no money , Stegall says , it will be tough for the teen to get a heart transplant . Now , after traveling thousands of miles for more than two weeks to make a better life for his family and himself , Gonzalez faces his final fight , but it 's one he will face with his family , thanks to the kindness of others .	Undocumented immigrant went to Georgia to make money for family He has an extremely weak heart muscle ; doctors give poor prognosis Lawmaker got visas for parents ; Delta donated plane tickets
Yangon , Myanmar  CNN  -- Myanmar 's ruling junta announced Wednesday a new election law that disqualifies pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi from participating in upcoming national elections . The Political Parties Registration Law , announced in state-run newspapers , excludes electoral participation by any member of a political party who has been convicted in court . A Myanmar court convicted Suu Kyi , 64 , in August for breaching the terms of her house arrest after American John Yettaw swam uninvited to her lakeside house in Yangon and briefly stayed there . Her ongoing detention was extended to November 2010 , and in February a court rejected her appeal for release . Suu Kyi 's supporters have said the conviction was a way to remove her from the election campaign . The Nobel Peace Prize laureate has spent 14 of the last 20 years under house arrest . The new law forces Suu Kyi 's party , the National League for Democracy , to choose between honoring her as its leader and risking the party being declared illegal or ejecting Suu Kyi from the party and contesting the election . The party has 60 days to decide its course of action , but party spokesman Nyan Winn said Wednesday that the party would not comply with the new law . Suu Kyi , the face of democracy in Myanmar , also known as Burma , was placed under house arrest in 1989 . The next year , her party won more than 80 percent of the legislative seats in the first free elections in the country in nearly 30 years . But the military junta disqualified Suu Kyi from serving because of her house arrest and never recognized the election results . The junta has promised to hold elections -- which would be the first since 1990 -- later this year , touting them as a step toward democracy . No polling date has been set . At the United Nations , a spokesperson for Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said in a statement that the organization was studying the laws . "  The indications available so far suggest that they do not measure up to our expectations of what is needed for an inclusive political process , " the statement said . In Washington , a U.S. State Department spokesman said the law makes a mockery of the democratic process . "  Given the tenor of the election laws that they 've put forward , there 's no hope that this election will be credible , " P.J. Crowley told reporters . "  We are deeply disappointed with the political party law which excludes all of Burma 's more than 2,000 political prisoners from political participation , " he said . "  We are also troubled the law appears to bar National League of Democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi from running . It may also prohibit her from membership in her own party . This is a step in the wrong direction . " Still , he said , "  We will continue our outreach and our dialogue , not because we expect it to solve this instantly . Burma has to figure out how it wants to advance . It 's obviously struggling to do that . " If Myanmar wants to build its credibility with the rest of the world , "  it has to find a way to have a process where it has meaningful dialogue with ethnic groups and other political movements , " he said . Amnesty International urged Myanmar to overturn the new law . "  There are at least 2,200 political prisoners in Myanmar , most of whom are in prison simply because they tried to exercise their rights peacefully , " said Benjamin Zawacki , Amnesty International 's Myanmar researcher . "  Instead of passing laws that strip away more of their rights , the Myanmar authorities should immediately release all political prisoners , including Aung San Suu Kyi , and remove restrictions on their political activity . " The new government stipulation is the latest political hurdle for Suu Kyi . She was already banned from becoming president by Myanmar 's recently amended constitution , which prohibits presidents and their parents , spouses and children from owing allegiance to another country . Suu Kyi was married to British academic Michael Aris , who died in 1999 , and had two sons with him . The United States considers Myanmar 's military regime repressive for cracking down on political opponents , the most prominent of whom is Suu Kyi . However , after years of refusing direct talks with the reclusive nation , Washington has recently indicated a possible re-engagement . CNN 's Kocha Olarn contributed to this report .	New law disqualifies people from standing for election if they have been convicted in court Myanmar court convicted Suu Kyi last summer for breaching terms of her house arrest Pro-democracy icon 's house arrest extended after uninvited American stayed at her home Nobel Peace Prize laureate has spent 14 of the past 20 years under house arrest
CNN  -- The mother of missing American teen Natalee Holloway met with the man suspected in her daughter 's disappearance this week at the Peruvian prison where he is being held in another woman 's death , attorneys for both sides said Friday . Beth Holloway is in Peru with a Dutch documentary maker . Producers for the the Dutch journalist who is accompanying her posted a note on his website that said journalist Peter de Vries and the mother made a trip to Castro Castro prison to see suspect Joran van der Sloot . Beth Holloway 's attorney , John Q. Kelly , confirmed the trip to CNN Friday saying , "  She was at Castro Castro prison and she saw Joran . " Van der Sloot 's attorney , Lima Maximo Altez , also confirmed the meeting , telling CNN that it took place on Wednesday -- female visitor day at the prison . Altez said Holloway arrived with a group of Dutch journalists and asked to meet prison officials . Altez said van der Sloot was brought to the meeting "  practically by force . " Peru 's "  24 Horas " television program reported that Holloway spoke to van der Sloot for about five minutes before van der Sloot canceled the meeting because his lawyer was not present . The program reported that they spoke very little and treated each other well . According to Altez , Holloway told van der Sloot that she does n't have any hatred in her heart towards him . Van der Sloot replied that he understood , but that he could n't talk to her further , and handed her his attorney 's business card , Altez said . Holloway has not reached out to Altez , he said . Kelly told CNN that Holloway did n't initially tell him about her planned trip to Peru until after she was already in the country . "  She just said she wanted to see Joran , she did n't give me any of the substance of what she was going to talk about , " he told NBC 's "  Today . " Kelly said he spoke to Holloway after she saw van der Sloot , but told CNN he does n't know what she said or how long she spent with van der Sloot . "  She 's been very guarded , " he told "  Today . " De Vries said the crew did not break any rules and prison officials knew of their visit . However , Castro Castro spokesman Bruno Guzman told CNN Thursday that Holloway was never allowed inside the prison . De Vries denied media reports that prison authorities detained them and confiscated the documentary crew 's gear . Kelly also shot down those reports . "  I know she definitely was n't arrested . ... Nothing was taken from her . It was done without violating any laws or breaking any regulations , " Kelly told "  Today . " Early Friday morning , the receptionist at the Sheraton hotel in Lima , Peru , told CNN that Holloway was in her room , where she checked in by herself . A woman in the room answered the phone in English , then immediately hung up . Kelly told "  Today " that he does n't believe Holloway 's purpose in meeting with van der Sloot -- whom he has called a "  pathological liar " -- was to get answers out of him . Instead , Kelly said , "  I think it was more to deliver the message that he might be in Peru but she has n't gone away . She 's determined to get answers , and you know , she wants to bring Natalee home . " Van der Sloot is imprisoned awaiting trial on a murder charge in the death of Peruvian student Stephany Flores . Flores body was found in May in a hotel room registered to van der Sloot , which the two were seen entering on surveillance camera video . He also is charged with a count of wire fraud and a count of extortion in Alabama for allegedly trying to extort more than $ 250,000 from Holloway 's family in return for disclosing the location of her body . Natalee Holloway was last seen in the early hours of May 30 , 2005 , leaving an Oranjestad , Aruba , nightclub with van der Sloot and two other men , brothers Deepak and Satish Kalpoe . She was visiting the island with about 100 classmates to celebrate their graduation from Mountain Brook High School in suburban Birmingham , Alabama . Van der Sloot was arrested twice in Aruba in connection with the younger Holloway 's disappearance , but was never charged . He has denied responsibility for her disappearance . In a jailhouse interview with a Dutch television station this month , van der Sloot said he is remorseful for telling so many stories regarding the disappearance of Natalee Holloway , but once again denied culpability in the case . CNN 's Susan Candiotti , Ben Brumfield and In Session 's Mayra Cuevas contributed to this report .	Van der Sloot 's attorney provides insight into the conversation Peruvian news program reports van der Sloot called off the meeting Van der Sloot is jailed in Peru accused of murdering a Peruvian student Dutch journalist says he visited the jail with Natalee Holloway 's mother
Jang Song Taek , who held numerous posts in the North Korean regime since the 1970s , was considered the country 's second-most powerful man . Then , the most powerful man , North Korean leader Kim Jong Un , had him executed . Jang 's death sent ripples through the isolated nation not just because of his influential position , but because he was the uncle of Kim Jong Un . In the two years preceding his death , Jang held one of the most powerful posts -- regent to the young North Korean leader . He was instrumental in the nation 's transition from former leader Kim Jong Il to his son and heir , Kim Jong Un . The secretive nature of the North Korean regime makes it a challenge to deduce why Jang fell out of favor , though one expert sums it up this way : Kim Jong Un outgrew his guardian and took him out . Those who agree with this hypothesis look at Jang 's trajectory throughout his decades in the regime . At least twice before , Jang was purged from the leadership presumably for his too-big ambitions . Kim Jong Il purged Jang in 2004 and he was virtually unseen for two years before making a comeback . If his ambitions got the best of him again  the North Koreans say he was guilty of treason  , this time , there will be no comeback . Jang , who was married to Kim Jong Un 's aunt , was vice chairman of North Korea 's top military body and had often been pictured beside the young leader , who is believed to be around 30 . But in a lengthy article foaming with outraged rhetoric , North Korea 's official news agency on Friday accused Jang of trying to overthrow the state , describing him as "  despicable human scum . " Analysis : North Korean execution raises more question than answers Jang 's ascent Jang , 67 , was born in northeastern North Korea and was the youngest of five children , according to the respected North Korea Leadership Watch blog . He studied economics , and it was during university that he met Kim Kyong Hui , the daughter of North Korean leader Kim Il-Sung , and sister of Kim Jung Il , who would succeed his father . The couple got married , giving Jang an inside track to some of the country 's most powerful posts . Among his many positions , Jang was the director of the administrative department of the ruling Worker 's Party of Korea , chairman of the country 's commission for sports , and vice chairman of the National Defense Commission . "  Over time he accumulated a lot of influence within the party central committee , " said Alexandre Mansourov , a North Korea expert at Johns Hopkins University . Although not related by blood to the ruling family , his influence came from his reliance on his wife , Mansourov said . But analysts say Jang had a big ego and was arrogant , leading to his being removed from his positions at least twice . According to Mansourov , in the late 1970s , Jang was stripped of his post and sent to work at a steel mill , but succeeded in returning to the party ranks . Jang reportedly fell out of favor a second time in 2004 , when he left the leadership ranks and disappeared from public view for about two years . In the last two years , Jang extended his influence from the administrative centers of North Korea to the economic side , Mansourov said . He began accumulating authority over the economy , social life , foreign investment and foreign trade . Opinion : How Kim Jong Un got rid of his uncle North Korean transparency ? One of the more surprising developments following the execution of Jang was the lengthy indictment of his alleged crimes and his character that was published by the state media . For the regime to so openly explain why it executed him , it could hint at Jang truly having overstepped his bounds . "  This man has always been a little more individualistic and embracing capitalism and lifestyle that is not acceptable to North Korea , " said Han Park , a professor of international affairs at the University of Georgia . Whatever Jang did to betray North Korea , it was so severe that his wife could not , or would not , help spare him . "  I think she is more loyal to the party than Jang is , " Park said . She may have even consented or participated in prosecuting her husband , he said . To the outside world , the transition of power from Kim Jong Il to Kim Jong Un appeared smooth , but the revelations made in the indictment cast a different light on the change in power . The fall of Jang is evidence that there was resistance and tension behind the scenes during these past years , Mansourov said . It may turn out that Jang was building his own power base , growing his own cult of personality , he said . In the end , Jang may have underestimated the younger Kim , thinking he was a kid who could be manipulated , Mansourov said . In the end , Kim outgrew his regent and took him out , he said .	Jang Song Taek was considered North Korea 's Number 2 He was executed , North Korea said Experts say Jang was an ambitious man whose wings had been clipped before His influence came from his marriage into the ruling family
LONDON , England  CNN  -- China 's new found wealth has seen an explosion in the number of new developments springing up in what is , arguably , the world 's biggest building boom . The construction of the Linked Hybrid project is underway in Beijing . Nowhere is this more apparent than in Beijing , which has transformed into a virtual construction zone as the city undergoes an Olympic makeover . Once a flat cityscape in the shadow of the formidable Forbidden City , Beijing has been struck by skyscraper fever . The city is now an architect 's playground with foreign "  starchitects , " like Norman Foster flocking to the country armed with individual creations that push aesthetic and technological boundaries . And the latest addition to the Beijing skyline is no exception . Standing on the edge of the former site of the city 's historic walls are a series of eight asymmetrical towers that bestride the smog-laden landscape like a colossus . Dubbed the Beijing Linked Hybrid , this architectural maverick has certainly pushed the design envelope to its very limit . The brainchild of New York architect Steven Holl , the mixed-use unit is a ring of eight 21-story towers , linked at the 20th floor by gently sloping public sky bridges , lined with galleries , cafes , restaurants , bars and shops . The development has been widely praised for its forward thinking sustainable design that includes a waste water recycling plant that sits beneath the complex and one of the world 's largest geothermal systems , which eliminates the need for boilers or electrical air conditioners . It also has green roofs , filters to protect residents from pollution and large ponds to harvest recycled rainwater . The complex comes with its own Hyatt hotel and the 15-acre grounds feature everything from a basketball court to tai chi platforms , a cinematheque , bank , dry cleaners and even a kindergarten . For its 2,500 inhabitants , there are enough facilities and services to ensure they never have to leave the confines of the complex -- except maybe to go to work -- when it opens in October 2008 . Linked Hybrid is , in effect , a city within a city . Holl , who is also a professor at Columbia University , describes it as a "  visionary project on all levels " and an "  ultra modern expression of ecological urban living . " However , for all its plaudits , the Linked Hybrid project has attracted many criticisms . Among them is that its brand of green luxury wo n't come cheap . With apartments selling for 44,000 Yuan , or $ 6,000 , per square meter , it can only appeal to China 's nouveaux riches , further creating social division in what is already a deprived area of the city . Sound Off : Tell us what you think of the Linked Hybrid project . Critics also argue its city within a city element has isolationist overtones , reminiscent of gated communities that are becoming increasingly popular around the world . For Washington-based architect and urbanist , Howard Decker , buildings like Linked Hybrid form part of the problem and not the solution , although he applauds the efforts to "  green-up " the project . "  This is a remarkably cold , hostile , hermetic place , " he tells CNN . "  The disconnect with the surrounding urban fabric emphasizes the sense that the Linked Hybrid 's principle references are to itself , not the larger city . "  The project is inward focused , the towers gathered around a central water feature at the middle of the towers . The towers seem to be in a conversation with one another , but not necessarily with the surrounding city . " Decker , a former Chief Curator of Washington 's National Building Museum , believes the concept of a street in the sky is "  antagonistic " to how cities should work . "  First , last and always , great places , great cities , begin with great public domains , and in particular with their streets . We all own the street : it is the place where we all belong , where we can move and linger , where we can erect monuments to tell our stories , where we can sit and watch our neighbors , or sit and sip and read the news of the day . " "  One of the joys of urban life is the collision of uses , the chance to sit and observe the passing scene , to see and be seen , " he adds . This , he contends , can not be done within Linked Hybrid where the inhabitant takes on more of an observational role . "  In the instance of the Linked Hybrids , this experience seems more like being in an observation tower , and less like being in the middle of a bustling , alive , exciting city , " he says . Chief among the criticisms the Linked Hybrid project has attracted is that it is entirely out of context with its environment and "  desecrates " the former imperial city . Linked Hybrid is sited just 2.5 miles from the Forbidden City and its residents can apparently see into the former palace on a "  clear day , " Holl tells CNN . But Holl is adamant this is no 21st Century Forbidden City . "  Linked Hybrid is no more isolationist than Greenwich Village in New York , " he says . "  We modeled it on the Rockefeller Center . Anyone can go in but of course the owner reserves the right to refuse entry . "  But people need to come in to allow the shops and commercial base to be successful . " Furthermore , Holl rejects assertions that this is "  fortress architecture " designed to keep all but the very rich out . He said : "  It 's a very open and porous building , " he says . "  It 's free passage and the very opposite of a gated community . Our scheme is going against what 's currently being built in China . "  What is being built now are point towers , isolated at the base . Gated communities with no services . I believe that we had to make a project that has a vision for urban interaction , one that has services , and is open to the public . There are actually 15 different ways to enter the complex . " However , the concept of a city within a city , one that appears disconnected from its surrounding environment , rests uneasily with some , who see it as the stuff of dystopic science fiction . Some , like Beijing-based designer Mi Qiu , believe China ought to preserve more of its traditional housing forms like the centuries-old villages and hutong -- neighborhoods traversed by narrow , winding alleys . "  These new buildings are totally different -- they are just dumped down as if from nowhere . There is no harmony or overall concept or town planning , " Qiu said in a BBC interview . But as China hurtles headlong into rampant modernization and urbanization , producing millions of new homeowners , its social fabric and thousands of years of its history will no doubt become fundamentally , and irrevocably , altered .	Beijing is in the grip of a building boom that has transformed its skyline Linked Hybrid is latest addition to the Beijing skyline The building is a ring of eight 21-story towers linked by public sky bridges The development has been praised for its forward thinking sustainable design
A decades-old mystery that captivated Oklahoma has been solved after officials confirmed the identities of two groups of people -- some of them teens -- who went missing in 1969 and 1970 . The first crack in the cold cases came when police in the tiny town of Sayre were testing sonar equipment in September 2013 in murky Foss Lake . They were stunned to discover a green 1952 Chevrolet and a blue 1969 Chevrolet Camaro . Human remains found in the Camaro matched the general descriptions of three teenagers -- Jimmy Allen Williams , 16 , Leah Gail Johnson , 18 , and Thomas Michael Rios , 18 , all from Sayre , the state Medical Examiner 's Office said . Oklahoma lake bodies : Diver , trooper recount discovery The other remains matched the genders and ages of three passengers in the green Chevrolet who went missing in 1969 , the medical examiner said last year . John Alva Porter , then 69 , was in that car with Cleburn Hammack , 42 , and Nora Marie Duncan , 58 . DNA test results this week prove that the bodies belonged to the missing , the state Medical Examiner 's Office said , adding that they all died from drowning and their deaths were accidental . One night in 1970 , another in 1969 The three teenagers who disappeared went for a ride around their hometown in Williams ' blue Camaro with a white top , according to the Doe Network , a volunteer organization that helps law enforcement solve cold cases . Only six days before the 16-year-old and his friends went missing , Williams had bought the used Camaro , a slick muscle car that teenage boys loved at that time , said Dayva Spitzer , publisher of The Sayre Record & Beckham County Democrat newspaper . Johnson was Native American and , Spitzer said , was related to legendary Indian chief Sitting Bull . Residents regarded Johnson as an Indian princess , she told CNN . Williams and his friends had planned to attend a football game the night they went missing , but they may have gone hunting instead , Spitzer said . Two rifles were found , rusted and corroded , in the Camaro . In the other car , Porter , Duncan and Hammack were last seen when their car was "  given a push " to help get it started , according to a July 1969 newspaper article published in Oklahoma .	Human remains found in 2013 were tested for DNA Test results show they are six people who went missing in 1969 and 1970 Some of the remains belong to three teens who were last seen in a 1969 Camaro The others are two men and a woman found in a 1952 Chevrolet
Sitting cross-legged at her office desk , Abhina Aher expounds on what it means to be trapped in the wrong body . She is a 37-year-old Hijra -- a South Asian term for male-to-female transgendered people . She appears at ease when she speaks about her sexual orientation and about the stereotypes associated with her community . Aher is relaxed because she 's in the confines of a non-profit workplace espousing the cause of sexual minorities like herself . Here , she 's not judged by her deep voice or her masculine face , its lines softened by make-up , or by her feminine dresses , nail-polish and jewelry . Aher has gained a new found place in her country . India 's Supreme Court recently granted her and other transgendered people , status as a third gender . So , men can now be identified as females and females can be identified as males . But the outside world , she says , is harsh . In a largely conservative , family-structured region , proclaiming you are not what you are born could entail a harrowing ordeal that Aher suffered -- and survived . She raised a few eyebrows when she first slipped into her mother 's sari at the age of six . Her cross-dressing habits , she remembers , were then ignored for some time . But her secret desire to break free from her anatomic sex would only become more intense as she grew older . "  The issue about gender and sexuality kept coming back to me . But the unfortunate part of that was I did not have anybody to talk to ; I had no one to share my thoughts with , " Aher says . From rejection to acceptance Aher 's self-discovery created a sense of loss for her widowed mother , for whom Aher was a boy . "  My mother would take me to a temple and make me swear by God that I would change my behavior , " Aher said . "  But it was beyond my control . " And Aher was rejected . Her mother did n't speak with her for almost nine years . Her teachers were n't supportive either . Rather , she became a target of jeers . The hurt became deeper when she stepped into the adult world . Her lovers , she says , also abandoned her . "  My journey was lonely . All my lovers rejected me . They either used me for money , or for sexual pleasure or for some momentary emotional support . There was a huge vacuum , " she says , her voice thick with emotion . That 's when , she says , she set off on a journey for acceptance within the Hijra community . And as is the protocol , the initiation into the fold required her to pursue a Hijra "  guru " or a mentor , which she did . She also underwent a long , drawn-out feminization process . The reward , she says , was priceless : liberation . In contrast to Aher , opportunities for employment are extremely limited for most members of the Hijra community . Many end up in prostitution and begging on streets , she says . At a 45-minute drive from her office , a cramped , three-storied building along an unpaved road serves as a multi-purpose center for transgender and gay people . Volunteers walk up and down its dusty , unplastered stairs for an HIV counseling session on the first floor . According to the Indian government , the country 's transgender community is seen as disproportionately vulnerable to the deadly infection despite its tiny size . A portion of a dimly lit room segregated by makeshift partitions is then used as a practice hall for the young Hijra members to hone their skills in dancing . In today 's wired world , they do n't have to outsource professional instrument players . Instead , it 's just a case of hooking a set of speakers into a mobile phone before setting off , dancing and lip-syncing to popular Bollywood songs . But beneath the joyous mood , despair lurks . Many Hijras at this center are at least 10 years younger than Aher . They say they , too , faced tough social resistance to their choice to reject gender binarism . Kyra Sharma , 27 , says her family thought she was under the influence of black magic when she starting cross-dressing and applying cosmetic powder to her eyes . She suppressed her true nature for a while . "  I had to wear male outfits although I did n't feel comfortable , " Sharma says . Her brother , she says , was more rigid than others . "  There was a deadline for me to be home at 8 pm every day . Life became difficult . " But as transgender issues attracted more attention , she used the increased media focus to explain to her family she 's not the only one . "  Eventually , there was some understanding . Thankfully , I do n't have to retreat into my biological sexual appearance now when I am home , " says Sharma , who aims to become a make-up artist . Equal rights for transgender and gay people Within a span of few months , India 's Supreme Court has come out with what activists say are conflicting judgments , on transgenders and Hijras on one hand , and the gay community on the other . This month , the justices granted Hijras the right to self-identify their gender in what has been hailed as a historic ruling to end centuries-old discrimination against the country 's transgender citizens . In December 2013 though , the same top court re-criminalized consensual homosexual relationships , reinstating a colonial-era law banning people from engaging in "  carnal acts against the order of nature . " Known as Section 377 , that law was initially struck down in 2009 by a high court in New Delhi but its reinstatement has led to fears for gay people in the country . Many of them came out in the open about their relationships when Section 377 was thrown out in 2009 . Image consultant Rishi Raj , who is gay , is now apprehensive . "  What happens to those teenagers and those young people who came out of the closet thinking that ` my country is on my side , the court is on my side and my parents ca n't throw me out ' ? " he asks . The anti-gay law and its revival , he feels , violate personal freedoms in a diverse democracy . "  How can you take away something which is integrally my right -- what happens behind closed doors in my bedroom -- and judge me for that ?  To  call me a criminal for making love ? It 's just silly . " READ MORE : The transgender community : Legally invisible no more ?	India grants Hijras the right to self-identify their gender , a historic ruling to end discrimination Activists say Supreme Court has come out with conflicting judgments on transgenders and gay community India 's transgender community is seen as disproportionately vulnerable to HIV despite its tiny size
CNN  -- One man 's fund-raising efforts to publish a book on "  getting awesome with women " raked in thousands of dollars , but also allegations that it is a guide to sexual assault . Ken Hoinsky describes his book as a self-help book for men seeking advice on interacting with the opposite sex . "  It is a guide for men to get better with women , " he explains in a video on the crowd-funding website Kickstarter , which he used to raise funds . Hoinsky , who lives in Connecticut , according to his online profile , raised more than $ 16,000 to publish his book , but the contents have also provoked ire from those who call it a how-to guide for would-be rapists . He writes in the book : "  The concept of ` waiting for signs ' or ` indicators of interest ' was commonplace in older pickup theory . It is 100 % garbage and needs to be erased from the face of the planet . " "  From now on you must assume that she is attracted to you and wants to be ravished , " the book continues . "  Physically pick her up and sit her on your lap . Do n't ask for permission . Be dominant . Force her to rebuff your advances . " People turned to Twitter and other social media to criticize not just Hoinsky 's project , but also Kickstarter for having hosted it . An online petition demanding that Kickstarter remove the project garnered nearly 30,000 signatures by Wednesday evening . " ` Disgusting ' does n't even begin to describe it : basically , it 's a how-to guide on sexually assaulting women , " the petition states . But Kickstarter says it will not delete Hoinsky 's crowd-funding project . "  Some of this material is abhorrent and inconsistent with our values as people and as an organization , " Kickstarter said in a statement . "  Based on our current guidelines , however , the material on Reddit did not warrant the irreversible action of canceling the project . " The website said the controversy will lead to reviews of their policies , but did n't elaborate . Hoinsky denies that his book is a tool for would-be attackers . He is "  devastated and troubled " by the allegations , Hoinsky said in a statement . The book excerpts that critics are sharing are taken out of context , he said . They come from a later chapter on physical escalation that follows clear advice that "  no means no , " he said . "  The gist of the controversial advice is , ` Do n't wait for signs before you make your move . Let her be the one who rejects your advances . If she says no , stop immediately and tell her you do n't want to do anything that would make her uncomfortable , ' " Hoinsky said . According to his Kickstarter page , because he raised much more than his stated fund-raising goal , Hoinsky is going to take his theories on the road . He plans to host free seminars in New York and San Francisco .	Ken Hoinsky raised funds for what he calls a self-help book Others say it is a guide for would-be rapists An online protest petition has 30,000 signatures Hoinsky says his message is being distorted
CNN  -- A month after Major League Baseball suspended him for violating its drug policy , Ryan Braun says he 's coming clean . The 29-year-old Milwaukee Brewers outfielder apologized in a statement released Thursday , saying he used a "  cream and a lozenge " banned by the league . Braun did not specify which drug he used , but his suspension came after baseball 's investigation into Biogenesis , the now-defunct Florida clinic accused of providing performance-enhancing drugs to baseball players . "  I have no one to blame but myself , " Braun wrote . "  I know that over the last year and a half I made some serious mistakes , both in the information I failed to share during my arbitration hearing and the comments I made to the press afterwards . I have disappointed the people closest to me -- the ones who fought for me because they truly believed me all along . I kept the truth from everyone . For a long time , I was in denial and convinced myself that I had not done anything wrong . " This is n't the first time the 2011 National League MVP and five-time All-Star has said he 's sorry and admitted wrongdoing . But his statement Thursday gave new details about what he did -- and why he did it . It all started when he was dealing with a "  nagging injury " during the 2011 season , Braun said . "  I turned to products for a short period of time that I should n't have used . The products were a cream and a lozenge which I was told could help expedite my rehabilitation , " he said . "  It was a huge mistake for which I am deeply ashamed and I compounded the situation by not admitting my mistakes immediately . " An ESPN report in June named Braun as one of more than a dozen players facing suspension due to a scandal involving performance-enhancing drugs . Last month , MLB Commission Bud Selig announced that Braun had been suspended without pay for the rest of the 2013 season . League and union officials praised him for taking responsibility for his actions . At the time , Braun apologized in a statement , saying "  I am not perfect . " Braun was the 2007 National League Rookie of the Year and by the 2011 season , he was considered the cornerstone of the Brewers franchise . He signed a five-year , $ 105 million contract extension and went on to help lead the Brewers to the playoffs for the only the fourth time in team history . His performance earned him that year 's National League MVP award . Shortly after his amazing season , however , a urine sample taken during the playoffs tested positive for an elevated level of testosterone . Faced with a 50-game suspension , Braun appealed the decision , and an arbitrator overturned the suspension on what some , including the chief executive of the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency , said was a technicality . Braun said Thursday that feelings of anger and self-righteousness fueled his public comments after the arbitrator 's decision in February 2012 . At the time , he criticized the process , described himself as a victim , claimed that he was innocent and stressed that truth was on his side . "  I felt wronged and attacked , but looking back now , I was the one who was wrong , " Braun said Thursday . "  I am beyond embarrassed that I said what I thought I needed to say to defend my clouded vision of reality . I am just starting the process of trying to understand why I responded the way I did , which I continue to regret . There is no excuse for any of this . " CNN 's David Close contributed to this report .	Ryan Braun gives details about what he did -- and why The outfielder says it started as he dealt with a "  nagging injury " Braun : "  I kept the truth from everyone . For a long time , I was in denial " Braun was suspended last month for violating MLB 's drug policy
This may turn into much more than just a political scandal . It may have seemed like a teenage prank at the time , but the blockage of bridge traffic as a possible act of partisan political revenge has put New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie in the middle of a serious legal stew . And the fire underneath it is just beginning to heat up for the Republican presidential hopeful , as the state assembly plans to post online 907 pages of documents related to the case Friday . State lawmakers questioned one of Christie 's allies on Thursday , a former state official implicated in the scandal . So far , David Wildstein has repeatedly refused to answer , invoking his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination . What we 've learned from document released The legislators charged him with contempt for his lack of cooperation . But the dam could eventually break as lawmakers dig in their heels , analysts say . As long as Christie was telling the truth at a marathon press conference he held on Thursday , he should be able to step out of the caldron , analysts who spoke with CNN say . For nearly two hours the high-profile governor , who gained national recognition for his response to superstorm Sandy , answered questions from journalists , divulging many details . "  He was pretty specific about what he knew and when he knew it , " said CNN analyst Gloria Borger on The Lead with Jake Tapper . But if any of it does n't jibe with other peoples ' stories , information provided in documents or clues that pop up , experts say Christie could get dragged into civil and criminal lawsuits . One thing is certain . The legislative inquiry into the alleged misdeeds that led to the traffic jam on the George Washington Bridge is just getting into gear . What happened to begin with ? It was September and Christie was full steam into his re-election bid -- which he won two months later . Wildstein , who Christie appointed to a high position at the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey , ordered the closing of two of the three lanes of traffic leading to the George Washington Bridge in Fort Lee . It held up motorists trying to make it into Manhattan and caused days of massive traffic jams in Fort Lee , where the Democratic mayor Mark Sokolich had declined to endorse Christie for re-election . Democrats speculated that the mayhem was political retaliation against Sokolich . Hearings ensued , and Wildstein resigned under pressure . Then came Wednesday 's revelation that a top Christie aide , Bridget Anne Kelly had e-mailed Wildstein before the closures , telling him , "  Time for some traffic problems in Fort Lee . " "  Got it , " Wildstein replied back . He e-mailed a comment that the parents of children stuck in school buses in the traffic jams were Democratic voters . Christie fired Kelly after the scandal broke . Possible prank , sure , but something to sue over ? This was no fun and games for people who sat tormented for hours in traffic and missed important appointments , legal analyst Alan Dershowitz told CNN 's Brooke Baldwin . It did real damage . "  It was utter chaos those days . People were pouring into the store , complaining , " Debbie Minuto recalled Thursday in her shop , Binghamton Bagel Cafe , in the town of Fort Lee . "  The bridge is a lifeline here . You take away the bridge , you take away our livelihood . " That makes it a legal matter , Dershowitz said . "  The law looks backwards and says : What causes these harms ? " he said . One group of residents from Bergen County , where Fort Lee is located , has already filed a class-action civil lawsuit against Christie . They want to be compensated for alleged wages lost , when they arrived late at work . Was a crime committed ? A woman died at the time of the mayhem , and emergency workers trying to get to her to save her complained that the traffic jams slowed them down . Sokolich thinks there should be a criminal investigation into the incident , saying it put "  folks in absolute danger . " His Democratic colleague , New Jersey state Sen. Ray Lesniak , agrees but takes it a step further . He called for federal prosecutors to open an investigation into whether the lane closures were a factor in the woman 's death . "  Endangering people 's lives -- that 's not politics . That 's why the U.S. attorneys have to get involved , " he said . U.S. Attorney 's Office spokeswoman Rebekah Carmichael , said it 's "  reviewing " whether federal laws were violated . But Florence Genova 's family does n't seem to want to press charges . She was 91 when she went into cardiac arrest , and her daughter Vilma Oleri told CNN affiliate WABC that she did n't think the traffic was to blame . "  I really do n't think so , no , I really do n't . I think she was 91 and really believe in my heart that she was already gone when the ambulance got  to her house  , " she said . But Genova was not alone . Paramedics red-flagged "  unnecessary delays for emergency services " to the mayor on the second day of the lane closures . Legal analyst Dershowitz thinks a crime may have indeed been committed and prosecutors could land convictions against Wildstein , Kelly and anyone else implicated , "  particularly if they can demonstrate if the woman died as a result of the traffic jam . " Christie says he did n't know anything about this . How could this get him ? If Christie 's close associates are prosecuted or convicted , it could lead them to turn on Christie , Dershowitz said . Thursday 's press conference was the longest and most candid in Christie 's career , New Jersey public radio reporter told Jake Tapper . "  This is absolutely extraordinary , " he said . Christie offered a lot of information to back up his claim that he knew nothing . At the same time , he may have given investigators fodder to work with , but also a lot for Wildstein and Kelly to contradict , should they open up to lawmakers who questioning them . "  They may very well want to save themselves and say , ` Wait a minute ; do n't believe what the governor said , ' " Dershowitz told Baldwin . Wildstein may have pleaded the Fifth initially , but that 's normal in the beginning , Jeffrey Toobin told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer . "  You do n't want your client testifying until he has seen all the documents available . " But things could change . If lawmakers decide to go after Christie , they could offer Wildstein -- or Kelly , if they question her -- immunity . They could decide to save themselves at his expense , Toobin said . Anyone Christie fired may also try to get revenge .	New Jersey state assembly releases 907 pages of documents Friday on lane closure scandal Christie 's Republican political allies may have created traffic mayhem to spite a Democrat A group of citizens has filed a class action lawsuit against Christie Analyst : There may have been a crime , as woman died during the chaos
CNN  -- The lead singer of the metal band As I Lay Dying has been arrested and charged with seeking to have his wife killed , the San Diego County Sheriff 's Department said . Authorities said Tuesday that Tim Lambesis tried to contract an undercover detective posing as a killer for hire to murder his estranged wife , who lives in Encinitas , California . Arraignment was set for Thursday afternoon at North Division Court in Vista . The department said it learned on May 2 that Lambesis , 32 , had asked someone to carry out the killing and an investigation was initiated . The investigation culminated Tuesday afternoon , "  when Lambesis solicited an undercover detective to kill his wife , " it said . He was arrested without incident at a business in Oceanside and taken to the Encinitas Station and booked into the Vista Detention Facility . Last September , Meggan Lambesis filed with San Diego Superior Court to have the marriage dissolved . The band issued a statement Wednesday through its record label , Metal Blade , to its fans saying : "  As we post this , the legal process is taking it 's course and we have no more information than you do . There are many unanswered questions , and the situation will become clearer in the coming days and weeks . We 'll keep you informed as best we can . "  Our thoughts right now are with Tim , his family , and with everyone else affected by this terrible situation . " As I Lay Dying was nominated in 2008 for a Grammy Award for best metal performance . During the decade since it was formed , the band has released seven studio albums and a live CD , according to its website . Asked last year in an interview with HardNoise Online Radio about how his time on the road affected his home life , Lambesis said , "  If there was a way to be home but still make a living playing music , I would do that in a heartbeat . "  But the catch is that , as a profession , this is what I 'm passionate about . And then my personal life , what I 'm passionate about is my loved ones back home . So , you know , those two have a conflict with each other . The only thing I can do is find a balance where , if I am gone a month on tour , then I find a month to be home and just kind of even it out that way . " Asked in January about whether his group was a Christian metal band , he told NoiseCreep that the band had decided not to discuss "  the spiritual topic " so that listeners would focus on their music . "  We did n't preach at our shows , our goal has always been to just write the best music we can write , " he said . "  Of course religion has some influence on the things that we write about just like all of our life experiences do but as a band , we want to be judged on the music rather than what our personal beliefs are . " CNN 's Justin Lear contributed to this report .	NEW : Band issues statement to fans : "  We have no more information than you do " Lambesis is to be arraigned Thursday He was arrested Tuesday without incident "  What I 'm passionate about is my loved ones back home , " he has said
CNN  -- The FBI has arrested three East Haven , Connecticut , police patrol officers and one sergeant for their alleged role in the mistreatment of Latinos -- the first arrests to stem from a federal investigation into racial profiling in that town . The men allegedly threatened and assaulted detainees , made false arrests -- including one against a local clergy member -- and later conspired to cover up evidence of their conduct by falsifying reports and blocking an investigation , prosecutors said Tuesday during a news conference in Bridgeport . Sgt. John Miller and officers David Cari , Dennis Spaulding and Jason Zullo were arrested early Tuesday for allegedly conspiring to "  injure , oppress , threaten , and intimidate various members of the East Haven community , " profiling residents during traffic stops , performing illegal searches and harassing Latino business owners and their advocates , according to the indictment . "  They behaved like bullies with badges , " said Janice Fedarcyk , assistant FBI director in New York . On one occasion on January 21 , 2009 , Spaulding and Zullo allegedly assaulted two individuals they had arrested under false pretenses , slamming their heads against the station 's cell block walls , the indictment said . The indictment cited a similar incident in which Miller allegedly struck a detainee who was handcuffed after being propped up by two other patrol officers . The men also dismissed a police commission inquiry into their alleged misconduct , it said , calling on the support of local union leaders to block and intimidate municipal investigators . The defendants could not be immediately reached for comment , and the East Haven Police Department referred press inquiries to the mayor 's office . "  It 's unfortunate that it had to come to arrests , " said Mayor Joseph Maturo Jr. , who said his office "  stands behind the East Haven Police Department . " "  They 're innocent until proven guilty , " he said . Maturo , in an interview with CNN affiliate WPIX , indicated that he saw no problem with not having any Latinos on the East Haven police force . When asked what he would do for the Latino community on Tuesday , Maturo said , "  I might have tacos when I go home , I 'm not quite sure yet . " The arrests come just weeks after a scathing Department of Justice report , derived from an investigation that began in September 2009 , accusing the town 's police of engaging in "  discriminatory policing against Latinos . " In a letter to Maturo , Assistant U.S. Attorney General Thomas J. Perez said the practice was "  deeply rooted in the department 's culture , " citing statistical analysis that showed Latinos had been "  intentionally targeted " for traffic stops . The letter provided an example of a particular officer 's stops , 40.5 % of which were of Latino drivers . Overall , the investigation found that 19.9 % of traffic stops made by East Haven police were against Latino drivers , concluding it "  shows pervasive discrimination against Latinos on every level of EHPD traffic enforcement activity . " The report also accused some officers of conducting unauthorized immigration investigations . It mentioned "  numerous incident reports " in which officers contacted Immigration and Customs Enforcement to check on the status or seek an immigration detention of a Latino . Investigators said the tactic was "  used to harass and intimidate Latinos rather than pursue legitimate law enforcement objectives . " But Maturo said he does n't believe allegations of such systemic discrimination in East Haven are accurate . "  We have an open community here , " he said . Maturo elaborated in a news release : "  The Town of East Haven is prepared to do all that is necessary to address the consequences of this morning 's grand jury indictment . While the Town has several factors to consider , the most important priority is ensuring the continued protection of our Town 's residents . To that end , I met with several shifts of officers at our Police Department this morning to ensure that police service to our Town would not be interrupted today and moving forward . " According to 2010 census data , East Haven has a population of some 29,000 people , with about 10.3 % identifying as Hispanic or Latino . The vast majority of residents , 88.5 % , are white , while close to 3 % identify as black or African-American . Still , Maturo said , there have been changes in the wake of the December report . An independent commission of community members , external consultants and former law enforcement officials has been formed to head off future allegations by revising police policies . The mayor cited a series of reforms , including revisions to complaint review policies and training , and pointed to a revised East Haven police handbook , the first update since 1972 . "  It was an outdated book , " Maturo said .	NEW : Mayor 's reaction to CNN affiliate : "  I might have tacos when I go home " "  They behaved like bullies with badges , " an FBI official says Three patrol officers and one sergeant will face charges in federal court Arrests come weeks after a scathing Department of Justice report on East Haven police
CNN  -- We have many heroes : historic figures who battled for freedom , a man who jumps on the railway tracks to save someone from certain death , a whistle-blower who identifies corruption in government or industry . While these forms of heroism focus on a willingness to take risks in the service of other people or noble ideals , the most ancient notion of heroism focuses on humanity 's ability to transcend its own physical limitations . Occasionally , there is a man or woman who appears to be almost superhuman in strength and physical ability . The Greeks had Achilles and Athena . Up until yesterday , we had Lance Armstrong . It is unlikely that we will ever know the truth about Lance Armstrong 's situation -- was it truly a heroic journey , battling his own body 's limits to demonstrate the pinnacle of human capability -- despite the intense personal costs of competing in the Tour de France ? Or was it a tainted attempt to win glory ? And why ca n't it ever be simple -- why ca n't we have a hero who is beyond reproach ? Cyclists say ` good riddance ' As a researcher who focuses on heroic action and the ascription of heroic status , I know that heroism is rarely simple . In fact , in a paper that I authored with my colleagues Kathy Blau and Dr. Philip Zimbardo , we argued that heroism is fundamentally paradoxical . First , the action of heroism is typically an intensely private and personal endeavor , even when these actions are taken under the glaring spotlight of the media ; but the ascription of heroic status is a fundamentally public activity -- the personal actions taken by one individual are observed and interpreted by others , rightly or wrongly . If we consider the possibility that Armstrong 's 500-plus drug tests were negative as an indicator that he never doped , this is an incredible testament not just to his physical strength , but his moral fortitude . If this is the case , he was able to resist an ongoing temptation that occurred in private , after all the cameras where off and the fans had gone home . This brings us to our second paradox . It is human nature to at once hunger for and elevate exemplars of heroism , while we simultaneously often want to negate the actual actions of a real hero . One of the implications of our research is that all forms of heroism result in some level of controversy ; seeing someone run into a burning building to save another may look heroic to one bystander but foolish to another . Lance Armstrong faces lifetime ban A lot rides on the outcome . If a woman who goes into a building is successful in rescuing the trapped victim in the inferno , she is a hero . But if she fails , or she is injured , the risk she took is seen as having been too great , even though the actual risk calculus she took in the moment of action does not change . Moreover , someone willing to act heroically fundamentally challenges our own notions of ourselves . Heroes are , in some ways , subtly dangerous to our sense of social order . Even though they are human , just like the rest of us , their actions are outside of the normal human experience . If there is a whistleblower in our office -- even if his or her motives are noble -- it is human nature to search for an alternative explanation . Maybe this person was really disgruntled at the boss . With Lance Armstrong , there is a natural tendency , perhaps in all of us , to say , "  See , I told you so , no one could be that good . " The sad part of Armstrong 's story -- of the titles being stripped away -- is that we lose either way . If he did dope , it is just another example in a recent string of high-profile heroic failures . Joe Paterno 's career , built up over many years of good decisions , was washed away by an incident he should have acted on . The captain of the Costa Concordia 's momentary lapse led to the deaths of 32 people ; abandoning ship before his passengers led to his disgrace . But if Armstrong did n't dope , it wo n't matter . The news cycles will have already done their work . There is doubt now , and that is often the beginning of the end of our willingness to attach the word "  hero " to someone in our own minds . We have lost a figure who was willing to challenge the limits of human performance , to show us what we are truly capable of if we put everything we have into accomplishing a seemingly insurmountable goal . Armstrong 's story of setbacks and triumphs brought us closer to the essence of the human endeavor . What 's behind the Armstrong headlines ? While it is easy to say that one slip-up means someone ca n't be hero , it is also important for us to remember that negating all of this person 's actions over a few mistakes also lets us off the hook . No hero is without flaws . None of us is . But if we allow ourselves the luxury of saying , "  See , he 's just like the rest of us , " we no longer have to challenge ourselves to perform at the limits of our own personal capability . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Zeno Franco .	Zeno Franco : Sometimes we pick heroes who , like Armstrong , transcend physical limitations But heroism a paradox : It 's private , but it acquires the heroic label as a public activity , he says At the same time humans hunger for heroic exemplars of heroism , while negating real heroism Franco : If we revel in Armstrong 's fall as equalizing , we let ourselves off the hook for heroism
Tokyo  CNN  -- A farmer 's farewell , etched in white chalk , is echoing menacingly through Japan 's agricultural sector . "  Wish there was no nuclear power plant . My endurance has come to an end , " the note says . The farmer , in his 50s , then killed himself on the land he struggled to maintain since Japan 's tsunami and nuclear crisis began . The dairy farmer 's suicide message was left on the wall of one of the man 's barns , members of a local farming bureau said . The man also apologized to his family and friends in the note . Hiroyuki Ebihara , a member of a local chapter of Japan Agricultural Cooperatives , said he knew the farmer personally and tried to check in with him after the March 11 disaster . On June 11 , Ebihara says , members of his group found the farmer 's body . "  The situation here is depressing for everyone , " says Ebihara . "  We are all in the same situation . Our future with daily farming is unclear , especially since we do n't know what the compensation will be . We want TEPCO  Tokyo Electric Power Company  or the government to come out with a clear plan for compensation . " The man had fled Japan with his family to the Philippines after the earthquake and tsunami . He returned to the farm after 10 days to care for his cows . The farmer 's family remained in the Philippines until this week when they returned for the man 's funeral . He leaves behind a wife and two children , Ebihara says . The agricultural sector of Soma -- the farmer 's region -- has been deeply impacted by the nuclear crisis at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant . Japan 's government stopped milk shipments from the region in the wake of the nuclear meltdown at the plant . The government lifted the milk ban on April 21 , but consumers have been reluctant to purchase dairy products produced near the plant . A 64-year-old vegetable farmer from Sukagawa City in Fukushima Prefecture also committed suicide in the wake of agricultural bans in the ongoing nuclear crisis . The vegetable farmer hanged himself on March 24 , one day after the government issued a ban on Fukushima prefectural vegetables .	The region of Soma has been deeply impacted by the nuclear crisis People are reluctant to buy milk coming from that region because of radiation fears "  We are all in the same situation . Our future with daily farming is unclear , " an official says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Barack Obama reached out to Iran on Friday -- the start of the Iranian New Year -- in a video message offering "  the promise of a new beginning " that is "  grounded in mutual respect . " Obama 's message to Iran echoes his inaugural speech , where he said "  we seek a new way forward . " The message is a dramatic shift in tone from that of the Bush administration , which included Iran , along with North Korea and Iraq , in an "  axis of evil . " It also echoes Obama 's inaugural speech , in which he said to the Muslim world , "  we seek a new way forward , based on mutual interest and mutual respect . " In Friday 's video , Obama said : "  The United States wants the Islamic Republic of Iran to take its rightful place in the community of nations . You have that right , but it comes with real responsibilities . And that place can not be reached through terror or arms , but rather through peaceful actions that demonstrate the true greatness of the Iranian people and civilization . " There was no immediate response from Tehran to Obama 's message , but Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said last month that his country would welcome talks with the United States "  in a fair atmosphere with mutual respect . " The United States , several European nations and Israel suspect that Tehran has been trying to acquire the capacity to build nuclear weapons , but Iran says its nuclear program is solely for peaceful purposes . Last month , the Washington-based Institute for Science and International Security released a report saying that Iran has reached "  nuclear weapons breakout capability " -- it has enough uranium to make a nuclear bomb . The report was based on an analysis of data from the International Atomic Energy Agency . However , an IAEA official who asked not to be named cautioned against drawing such dramatic conclusions from the data , saying Iran 's stock of low-enriched uranium would have to be turned into highly enriched uranium to be weapons-grade material . That has n't been done , the official said . The United States has had tortuous relations with Tehran since the Islamic revolution in 1979 , but the Obama message speaks of "  new beginnings " with the promise of a new year . "  We have serious differences that have grown over time . My administration is now committed to diplomacy that addresses the full range of issues before us , and to pursuing constructive ties among the United States , Iran and the international community , " the president said . "  This process will not be advanced by threats . We seek , instead , engagement that is honest and grounded in mutual respect . "	Video message coincides with the start of the Iranian New Year The U.S. has had tortuous relations with Tehran since 1979 There was no immediate response from Tehran
CNN  -- A day marred by violence in Indianapolis ended with a police officer killed and seven people shot in a popular entertainment district . Officer Perry Renn was responding to a call of shots fired Saturday night when he and another officer approached a group of people in an alley , the Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department said . As police got closer , a gunman shot at the officers , IMPD said . Police returned fire , but Renn was fatally struck in the shootout . The suspected gunman , 25-year-old Major Davis Jr. , was also struck but survived . Authorities expect Davis to be charged with murder . Renn was a 21-year veteran of the police department . "  This is a sad day for the IMPD family and the community as a whole , " Police Chief Rick Hite said . Earlier Saturday , six men and one woman were shot in a popular bar district , Indianapolis police Lt. Chris Bailey said . The seven were shot on the street , Bailey said . One man was in critical condition , and the others suffered nonlife-threatening injuries . Police have not identified a suspect in that shooting , and the motive remains unclear . Authorities catch man they say fired first in Bourbon Street shooting Kindergarten teacher stabbed , killed in front of students Scathing report shines spotlight on violent attacks in Georgia prisons	Officer Perry Renn , a 21-year veteran , died in a shootout with a gunman That gunman was also shot and is expected to be charged with murder Earlier Saturday , seven people were shot on a street in a bar district
CNN  -- A 21-year-old woman whose body was found in a water tank of a Los Angeles hotel in February was the victim of an accidental drowning , medical examiners reported Thursday . The decomposing body of Elisa Lam floated inside a water tank on the roof of the Cecil Hotel while guests brushed their teeth , bathed and drank water from it for as long as 19 days . A maintenance worker , checking on complaints about the hotel 's water , found the Canadian tourist inside one of four water cisterns . Tests conducted by the city Health Department found no harmful bacteria in the tank or the pipes , which had to be drained , flushed and sanitized after the discovery . Los Angeles robbery-homicide detectives had treated the case as a suspicious death , since falling into a covered water tank behind a locked door on top of a roof would be an unusual accident , Los Angeles Police Sgt. Rudy Lopez said in February . See also : Carbon monoxide is the ` mystery ' cause of 3 North Carolina hotel deaths Lam checked into the Cecil Hotel on January 26 , on her way to Santa Cruz , California , according to police in her hometown of Vancouver , British Columbia . Five days later , she was seen on a security camera video walking into the elevator , pushing the buttons for four floors and then peering out of the opened elevator door as if she is hiding or looking for someone . Clad in a red hoodie , Lam at one point walks out of the elevator before returning to it , pushing the buttons again . She then stands outside the open elevator doorway , motioning with her hands , before apparently walking away . It was the last day Lam was seen . Lam 's parents reported the University of British Columbia student missing in early February . Her daily calls home stopped on January 31 , police told reporters on February 6 at a Los Angeles news conference . Strange things began happening with the hotel 's water supply later in the month , according to Sabina and Michael Baugh , a British couple who spent eight days there . The water pressure dropped to a trickle at times . "  The shower was awful , " Sabina Baugh said . "  When you turned the tap on , the water was coming black first for two seconds and then it was going back to normal . " The tap water "  tasted horrible , " Baugh said . "  It had a very funny , sweety , disgusting taste . It 's a very strange taste . I can barely describe it . " But for a week , they never complained . "  We never thought anything of it , " she said . "  We thought it was just the way it was here . " Two former guests , Steven and Gloria Cott , filed a class-action lawsuit against the hotel in late February . The lawsuit claims the hotel effectively failed to meet its obligation to provide proper water . "  Instead , the defendants provided water that had been contaminated by human remains and was not fit for human ingestion or to use to wash , " the lawsuit states , claiming the Cotts believe that water was "  tainted . " Safety tips for travelers CNN 's Erica Henry , Alan Duke and Kyung Lah contributed to this report .	Elisa Lam was last seen January 31 Her parents called to report her missing February 6 The covered water tank was one of four on top of the roof and was behind a locked door Guests said black water could come out of tap for a few seconds , then run clear
EW.com  -- Christmas has come early for fans of "  How I Met Your Mother . " EW has confirmed that CBS ' Monday night comedy is expected to return for a stunning ninth season . Though nothing 's official yet , talks are thisclose with the actors and the studio , 20th Century Fox TV , to bring the sitcom back for another year on TV 's most-watched network . The series from Craig Thomas and Carter Bays continues to perform well for CBS ; Monday 's episode averaged a 3.4 rating in adults 18-49 and 8.6 million viewers . Contracts for the actors -- who include the multi-talented Neil Patrick Harris and Jason Segel , who has a flourishing film career -- were set to expire at the end of the season . Deadline first reported the talks . The comedy took an exciting turn for fans on Monday when Barney  Neil Patrick Harris  and Robin  Cobie Smulders  got engaged , leaving Ted  Josh Radnor  to search for new love after eight will-they-or-won ` t-they-moments between him and Robin . When talking to EW about the happy couple , Thomas addressed Ted 's next chapter while teasing the possibility of another year for the five best buddies . Ricky Gervais ' ` Derek ' trailer posted "  There 's still Ted Mosby , who is just the best friend in the world to Robin and to Barney , and he 's still out there searching , " Thomas said . "  There 's definitely a ` to be continued ' feeling . If Barney and Robin have gotten to the place we 've always promised and are heading toward a wedding potentially , what 's in store for Ted ? It 's a nice moment to end on . It sort of feels like a mini season finale even though it 's just a midseason finale . It feels like , ` Alright now , let 's see what the next -- and possibly last -- chapter is for Ted . ' How does he move into his future if we are watching Barney and Robin move into theirs ? In the way that Christmas is sort of great and a little bit sad and nostalgic and wistful -- that 's definitely how I feel at the end of the episode . And hopefully people will feel a feeling of resolution , in terms of waiting for Barney and Robin to reunite , but also a question left unanswered . Stay tuned for what either will be the final 10 episodes ever of the show or possibly that plus one more final season . " See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	CBS ' "  HIMYM " is expected to return for a stunning ninth season Monday 's episode averaged a 3.4 rating in adults 18-49 and 8.6 million viewers The comedy took an exciting turn on Monday when Barney and Robin got engaged
Days after the Democrats ' brutal defeat in the midterm elections , President Obama said Sunday that he takes responsibility for his party 's poor performance at the polls . "  The buck stops right here at my desk , " the President said in an interview on CBS ' Face the Nation . "  And so whenever -- as the head of the party -- it does n't do well , I 've got to take responsibility for it . " Ahead of the election , Obama 's approval rating was at presidential low , with more than half of all Americans saying they disapproved of the job the President was doing and only 41 % saying they approved . Vulnerable candidates in key battleground states made efforts to distance themselves from the commander-in-chief , with some publicly condemning his policies and others refusing his surrogacy on the campaign trail . Reflecting on what he could have done differently and what he will change moving forward , Obama says he will work harder to become a better salesman . "  I think that one thing that I do need to constantly remind myself and my team of is it 's not enough just to build a better mousetrap . People do n't automatically come beating to your door . We 've got to sell it , " Obama said . "  We 've got to reach out to the other side and , where possible , persuade . " "  I think that what you 'll see is a constant effort to improve the way we deliver service to customers ... experimenting with ways that I can reach out to Republicans more effectively . Making sure that we 're reaching out and using the private sector more effectively . " Looking back , the President admits that he sometimes struggled to work politics into policy negotiations , a weakness that affected his ability to communicate his positions to members of the opposite party and to the American people . "  I think there are times -- there 's no doubt about it -- where , you know , I think we have not been successful in going out there and letting people know what it is that we 're trying to do and why this is the right direction , " Obama said . "  So there is a failure of politics there that we 've got to improve on . " It 's a somber moment for the former senator , who will lead his last two years in the Oval Office determining whether or not to veto or sign bills coming from a Republican-led Congress . In retrospect , he now says he is learning to become a better legislator-in-chief . "  One of the things we 're learning is that there 's a real power to being able to convene here in the White House . Not every problem has to be solved just through a bill . Just through legislation , " Obama said . The day following the midterms , the President addressed the country , saying he heard voters and their concerns through the polls . On Sunday , he detailed what that meant . "  The message that I took from this election , and we 've seen this in a number of elections , successive elections , is people want to see this city work , " Obama said . "  They see Washington gridlocked and they 're frustrated . And they know one person in Washington and that 's the President of the United States . " Obama is n't the first , and wo n't be the last , president to see his party get swept in the final midterm elections during a two-term presidency . But now after witnessing his final election from the Oval Office , he says that he 's realized "  campaigning and governance are two different things . " "  I 've ran two successful campaigns , " Obama said . "  And anybody who 's seen me on the campaign trail can tell how much I love just being with the American people . And hearing what they care about and how passionate I am about trying to help them . " "  When you start governing there is a tendency sometimes , for me , to start thinking , ` As long as I get the policy right , then that 's what should matter . ' And people have asked , ` What do you need to do differently going forward ? ' And I think you do that gut check after every election . " In hindsight , Obama acknowledges that his critics were fair to condemn him for not trying hard enough to work with Republicans , saying he could have pushed harder to negotiate and get things done . "  I think that what is also true is that no matter how frustrating it can sometimes be for any president to deal with an opposition that is , you know , pretty stubborn and where there are really strong differences , you 've just got to keep on trying . " But one thing you can expect to see change -- according to the President -- in the next two years , is a shake-up at the White House . "  We will be bringing in new folks here because people get tired , you know , it 's a hard job , " he said . "  And what I 've told everybody is , you know , I want you to have as much enthusiasm and energy on the last day of this administration as you do right now or you did when you first started . Otherwise you should n't be here . "	President Obama : "  The buck stops right here at my desk " Obama says he wants to become a better salesman to push policy forward Obama says the one message he took away from voters : they 're tired of D.C. dysfunction
CNN  -- Days after the Costa Concordia ran aground off Italy 's coast , details of the harrowing escape from the ship are still fresh in survivors ' minds . Here are some of the accounts they shared with CNN : Nancy Lofaro of New Rochelle , New York : "  It was n't until approximately 30 to 40 minutes after the collision that we finally heard announcements being made , and in English , we heard that they were saying everything was under control ... that there was an electrical problem with the generator . My husband and I looked at each other and said , ` They 're full of it . We have to get off this boat . ' " Valerie Ananias of Downey , California : "  I kept telling my parents and I kept telling everybody else , we need to go . Time is of the essence . We need to get on  a lifeboat  as soon as possible because it continued to tilt . What happened was , when we finally got on the lifeboat , it took several minutes to get everybody on ... people were screaming and crying and they had us count . " Keiko Guest of Atlanta , Georgia : "  We managed to get to a lifeboat that was n't being overrun and the crew tried to keep us back and we felt all this pressure coming from behind ... stampeding , trying desperately to save their lives ... babies crying ... the siren was unbelievable . It was so piercing that the children and babies were screaming at the top of their lungs while everybody else was screaming to try to be heard . It was so chaotic . It was like the disaster movies . " Georgia Ananias of Downey , California : "  When the ship was listing ... we had to climb up and pull a human chain to pull ourselves up on to a stairwell . ... Another couple turned around and gave me their baby , and said , ` take my baby . ' And I held a 3-year-old and I was holding on and the ship was moving and I was afraid the child was going to go down the stairwell . And I knew -- I looked at my husband who 's been in the Navy , and he said , ` This is it , ' and I handed the baby back to the parents and said , ` Be with your baby . ' "  Not one person from the ship assisted us in any matter . There was n't one officer . We got on a lifeboat that would n't function . We were all thrown out of the lifeboat and thrown against the walls of the ship . We crawled down under to try to get on the other side of the ship , because they said that if we got on the other side , we could get a lifeboat . And at the time , the ship shifted again , and we were thrown back . "  We had to crawl back out . We had to climb a 20-foot ladder . ... The real heroes were the people , the other passengers on board that lifted us up . And we had to go through crates of things . And then we get to the top of the ship , and we 're up there with about 10 people . The rest of the people have left the ship , and you see coast guards and flashing lights , and you think they 're coming for you , and the next thing you know , they 're taking somebody from the bridge and airlifting them out . And we 're standing there with our lights flashing and yelling , ` Save us , save us ! ' " Justin Evans of Atlanta , Georgia : "  The staff , you know , they seemed younger than me . They did not know what to do . They got on the lifeboats . They could not even drive the lifeboat . There was someone that jumped into the water , climbed onto the lifeboat and began to maneuver it to drive off . That saved us . He was a hero . Because we thought we were going to die . " CNN 's Bonnie Turner contributed to this report .	"  It was like the disaster movies , " survivor Keiko Guest says Several survivors say the ship 's staff did not help them Georgia Ananias : "  We 're standing there ... yelling , ` Save us , save us ! ' "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Bush 's top adviser on homeland security is stepping down after 4 1/2 years on the job , the White House said Monday . Fran Townsend served more than four years as homeland security adviser . Homeland Security Adviser Fran Townsend turned in her letter of resignation to President Bush on November 6 and will be looking for new opportunities outside government . "  I 'm going to just take another job doing 20-hour days , but this time in the private sector , " said Townsend , who has spent 25 years working in law enforcement and government . Bush praised Townsend 's work Monday . "  Fran has always provided wise counsel on how to best protect the American people from the threat of terrorism , " Bush said in a statement . "  We are safer today because of her leadership . " Townsend 's job , as the president 's top adviser on fighting terrorism , involved identifying terrorist groups around the globe and assessing their threat , and finding ways to track and cut off their funding . She said that experience should will be useful in the private sector as well . Townsend -- the mother of two , ages 6 and 12 -- said she first will look into public speaking , writing and board work before pursuing opportunities in global risk management for a large multinational corporation or financial institution . Watch how Townsend is planning to use her skills " She said she 's been talking with the president about her planned departure for eight months . Townsend 's name had come up during the president 's recent search for a new attorney general , but she was not considered . She said not getting the job "  had absolutely nothing to do with her decision to leave . " She said Bush had wanted her to stay on in his administration . "  It was a hard decision as I have loved and will cherish my every minute of service , " she said in an e-mail . "  My family actually advocated that I remain and has always been supportive of my service so this was entirely my decision . " Townsend is part of the search committee to find a replacement by the beginning of next year . The president appoints the senior staff position , and it needs no Senate confirmation . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Suzanne Malveaux contributed to this report .	Fran Townsend says she 'll look for opportunities in the private sector Townsend has worked in government and law enforcement for 25 years Townsend will be on a panel searching for a replacement
In many ways , shooting a engaging short video for Instagram or Twitter 's Vine is harder than making a longer video . Smartphone users have become pros at arty shots of food and sunsets , but brief video clips require a different skill set . It 's not easy to tell a compelling and coherent story in 6 seconds  Vine 's limit  or even in 15  Instagram 's  . As Instagram adds the ability to embed its photos and videos in outside blogs and websites -- a feature long requested by users -- we asked some experts for advice on how to make interesting , super-short videos . So whether you 're shooting gratuitous clips of puppies or advanced stop-motion animations , here are eight tips for making your little videos as slick and shareable as possible . And do you have a creative video to show off ? Tag it #cnnireport on your post . Be picky about your subject A video takes up more of your followers ' time than an image . Be discerning about what subjects are video worthy . Not everything that makes a great Instagram will translate well to video . For example , food shots are an Instagram staple , but it 's harder to make a salad or bowl of pho look appetizing in motion . CNN.com video producer Brandon Ancil suggests beginners start with the tried and true : "  There is NO WAY you can mess up a mini-video with adorable subjects . " Grab the nearest dog , cat , baby , bunny , deer or grandma and record them being cute . If you 're going for atmospheric shots -- leaves in the wind , waves on a beach -- do n't linger too long on one shot without adding to the narrative . Brandon Loper and Jack Bibbo , filmmakers at the production company Avocados and Coconuts , recommend keeping it short or moving the story along with with a variety of shots . Plan ahead Part of the challenge of shooting video on Vine and Instagram are the strict time limits . Another is the requirement that you shoot the videos from within the apps . There is no importing video you 've already shot on either tool  though technically you could record a screen playing an existing video , but some would classify that as cheating  . To make the most of these compact timeframes , plan ahead . If you 're crafting a story with multiple shots , figure out what they 're going to be ahead of time . On Instagram , you can delete your most recent clips , while on Vine , you have to start over . Neither tool lets you change the order of clips , so make sure you shoot in sequence . Combine shots to tell a story It is possible to tell a story in 6 to 15 seconds . Commercials have been cramming entire narratives into 15 seconds for years . Weave in quick edits and a variety of shots by making each clip just 2 seconds long . The guys at Avocado and Coconuts recommend starting with an establishing shot . If you 're doing a surfing video , you can open with a wide shot of the ocean and beach , then move to a close up of a surfboard or a sign with the name of the beach -- something that has a little more information and can move the story forward . Add some tighter shots of someone waiting for a wave , catching it , and end with a wide shot of them back on the beach . Ready , steady , go Shooting with smartphones means your video may be shakier than usual . Both Instagram and Vine are plagued by a rash of jerky , dizzying videos filled with fast pans and constant movements . Stop moving . Set the phone down on a steady surface or , even better , mount it on a tripod . If you 're holding the phone , Ancil recommends locking your arms by extending them straight in front of you to minimize movement . If you must move while shooting , walk heel to toe , rolling the foot from back to front , in order to have a smoother shot . Loper says one other option is to move with the subject , so that even if the background or foreground are in motion , the subject stays in one place in the frame . Try . Stop . Motion . Some of the best things to come out of the short-video boom are the incredibly creative animations and stop-motion videos that people have cooked up . Vine automatically loops its 6-second videos , meaning your little creation will play over and over . This has opened up the format to a variety of innovative and weird content . To make a stop-motion video , place the camera on a tripod or otherwise secure it so that it does n't move when you hit start and stop repeatedly . Set up your scene -- say , a ball of Play-Doh -- on a solid surface . Hit start and stop as quickly as you can , then make small , incremental changes to the scene and repeat until you 've hit your time limit . A time-lapse video requires more time and patience , as well as better battery life . Set up the camera in one spot and space out the quick clips , say one every 10 minutes for a sunset or every 30 seconds for a melting scoop of ice cream . Pay attention to audio There 's no way to add a separate audio track in Vine or Instagram . When combining multiple shots , the ambient noise can add to the ambience of the video  ocean waves , birds , cars  or it can just come off as choppy , loud and distracting . Bibbo recommends covering the smartphone 's microphone for some quiet : "  If you 're out and about and you do n't want it to sound disjointed , hold your finger over it or put a piece of paper over the mic , " he says . Get good lighting Stay in an area with stable light , says Ancil . Do n't move quickly from a dimly lit room to the bright outdoors -- the phone wo n't have time to autocorrect for the lighting . Avoid back-lighting your subjects , unless you 're going for the silhouette look . Play with the medium People are still finding new ways to use these new video tools . Personal videos of breaking news and stop motion videos have been early breakout stars of social media , but there will be a flood of groundbreaking content on Vine and Instagram in the coming year . For example , some people have started making micro-how-to Instagram videos , packing into 15 seconds what might have been stretched out to 3 minutes on YouTube . Now that both types of videos are embeddable , the potential for innovative storytelling is even greater .	Some see social videos on Instagram and Vine as a new form of communication To create quality videos , start by keeping the camera steady and picking an engaging subject Stop-motion videos and how-tos are examples of interesting short content This week Instagram added the ability to embed photos and videos
CNN  -- Scores of insurgents have been killed over the last day during fighting in southern Afghanistan , the U.S.-led coalition said on Wednesday . U.S. soldiers pass by Afghan policemen as they stand guard at a checkpoint near the partly-ruined Darlaman Palace in Kabul . Afghan and coalition troops have killed an estimated 104 insurgents in ongoing fighting since Tuesday morning near the Musa Qalah Wadi in Helmand province , the coalition said . A coalition service member was killed and four others were wounded in the fighting between troops and Taliban militants . In neighboring Uruzgan province , a battle between Taliban militants and troops Tuesday left more than 65 insurgents dead in a six-hour battle . The Afghan-coalition patrol had been near the same spot , northeast of Deh Rawod , where more than three dozen insurgents preparing an ambush were killed last week . "  As with our forces near Musa Qalah , this operation is intended to deny the enemies of peace the use of Deh Rawod as a safe haven , " said Army Maj. Chris Belcher , a Combined Joint Task Force-82 spokesman . "  Much like last week 's engagement , last night 's overwhelming victory by ANSF against the extremists is one more example of this strategy to secure a stable and safe living area for the residents of province . " There might have been injuries to three non-combatants . There were no reports of troop casualties . E-mail to a friend	Scores of insurgents killed in clashes with Afghan and coalition forces At least 104 militants dead in fighting near Musa Qalah Wadi , Helmand province More than 65 Taliban insurgents killed Tuesday night in Uruzgan province Six-hour battle took place near site of planned ambush last week
CNN  -- A Liberian man who was hospitalized in Nigeria 's biggest city , Lagos , with the Ebola virus has died , Nigerian Health Minister Onyebuchi Chukwu said . "  The patient was subjected to thorough medical tests ... which confirmed he had the Ebola virus , " Chukwu said Friday . The case has raised fears that the virus could spread beyond the three countries at the center of what health officials say is the deadliest ever Ebola outbreak and into Africa 's most populous nation , Nigeria . Lagos has more than 20 million residents . As of July 20 , some 1,093 people in Guinea , Sierra Leone and Liberia are thought to have been infected by Ebola since its symptoms were first observed four months ago , according to the World Health Organization . Testing confirmed the Ebola virus in 786 of those cases , of whom 442 died . Of the 1,093 confirmed , probable and suspected cases , 660 people have died . The man hospitalized in Lagos was a 40-year-old Liberian working for a West African organization in Monrovia , Liberia , according to the Lagos State Ministry of Health . He arrived at Lagos airport on Sunday and was isolated in a local hospital after showing symptoms associated with the virus . He told officials that he had no direct contact with anyone with the virus nor attended the burial of anyone who died of Ebola . The Lagos State Ministry of Health had said Thursday that "  the patient 's condition is stable and is in recovery " and that the results of testing for Ebola infection were still pending in his case . Infection control measures were in place in the hospital , officials said . Doctor infected Confirmation of the death in Lagos followed news that a doctor who has played a key role in fighting the Ebola outbreak in Sierra Leone is infected with the disease , according to that country 's Ministry of Health . Dr. Sheik Humarr Khan is being treated by the French aid group Medecins Sans Frontieres -- also known as Doctors Without Borders -- in Kailahun , Sierra Leone , agency spokesman Tim Shenk said . Before falling ill , Khan had been overseeing Ebola treatment and isolation units at Kenema Government Hospital , about 185 miles east of the capital Freetown . Ebola typically kills 90 % of those infected , but the death rate in this outbreak has dropped to roughly 60 % thanks to early treatment . What is Ebola , and why does it kill ? Spread by bodily fluids Officials believe that the Ebola outbreak has taken such a strong hold in West Africa due to the proximity of the jungle -- where the virus originated -- to Conakry , Guinea , which has a population of 2 million . Because symptoms do n't immediately appear , the virus can easily spread as people travel around the region . Once the virus takes hold , many die in an average of 10 days as the blood fails to clot and hemorrhaging occurs . The disease is n't contagious until symptoms appear . Symptoms include fever , headache and fatigue . At that point , the Ebola virus is spread via bodily fluids . Get the fast facts on Ebola Health workers are at especially high risk , since they are in close contact with infected people and their bodily fluids . Adding to the danger , in the initial stages of infection doctors may mistake an Ebola infection for another , milder illness . Journalist Aminu Abubakar in Nigeria contributed to this report .	A Liberian man who was quarantined in Lagos , Nigeria , dies of Ebola Lagos has more than 20 million residents The current outbreak of Ebola virus is the deadliest ever , health officials say The outbreak has been centered in Guinea , Sierra Leone and Liberia
CNN  When Hong Kong police answered a call in the early hours of a Saturday morning last November , they encountered a grisly scene and an alleged crime that shocked the city . One woman was lying on the floor with cuts to her neck and buttocks . Another was stuffed inside a suitcase on the balcony . A former banker , 29-year-old Briton Rurik Jutting , was charged with two counts of murder . On Thursday , a court hearing that was to determine whether there was enough evidence to proceed to trial was adjourned until May . Here 's what we know so far about the victims and their alleged attacker . Jutting allegedly lived at the murder scene , an upmarket apartment in the middle of Wan Chai , an inner-city suburb that 's home to an eclectic mix of late-night bars , residential tower blocks and local markets selling groceries and assorted cheap goods . In the early hours of Saturday morning , November 1 , police say Jutting called them to the apartment . There they found a woman lying on the blood-splattered floor , later identified as 29-year-old Seneng Mujiasih . During a search of the apartment , officers uncovered another body hidden in a suitcase on the balcony . It 's alleged 25-year-old Sumarti Ningsih was killed on October 27 , five days before her body was found . Sumarti Ningsih was from Cilacap , in Central Java , and was the mother of a five-year-old girl . In a statement , her cousin , Jumiati , described her as "  just an ordinary woman from Indonesia " who , like many others , was "  forced to work abroad to feed her poor family and make her dream comes  sic  true . " "  She wanted to work as professional so she can earn money and dignity for her family , " Jumiati wrote . "  She is good girl and did not deserve this treatment . " According to the Asian Migrant Coordinating Body , Ningsih was visiting Hong Kong as a tourist and had been due to fly back to Jakarta the day after her body was found . Last year , her grieving father , Ahmad Khaliman , told Agence France-Presse that his daughter had worked in Hong Kong as a domestic helper between 2011 and 2013 . She 'd since returned on two occasions , Khaliman said . He said the family had been shocked by her murder , and called for the perpetrator to be executed . "  If not , I can not accept it . He has already taken my daughter 's life , so he has to pay with his life , " he told CNN affiliate Trans7 . Seneng Mujiasih had more recently worked as a domestic worker in Hong Kong but had overstayed her visa , according to the Asian Migrant Co-ordinating Body . Also known as Jesse Lorena , Mujiasih was from the city of Muna in Sulawesi province , in southeast Indonesia . Other than that , few details are known about her life and why she stayed on in Hong Kong . After news of their death spread , fellow domestic workers held a vigil in Hong Kong 's Victoria Park . Around 200 people gathered to sing and pray , and lay flowers besides photos of the two women . The victims ' bodies were buried after being repatriated to Indonesia in November . Before being taken into custody , Rurik Jutting lived in the upmarket J Residence in Wan Chai . He was detained at the scene , where police found the bodies of two women and seized a knife during a search of the premises . It 's unclear when Jutting left his job as a trader at the Bank of America Merrill Lynch ; a BoA spokesman would only confirm that a man of the same name had worked there in the past . Jutting 's profile on LinkedIn said he haad been employed at the bank 's structured equity finance and trading division in Hong Kong since July 2013 . Before that , he worked in the same unit in London for three years . According to the profile , Jutting previously worked in capital markets for the British bank Barclays and studied history and law at the prestigious University of Cambridge , between 2004 and 2008 . As part of the trial process , tests were conducted to determined if Jutting was psychologically fit to enter a plea . He was . The case was then adjourned to allow for more than 200 pieces of forensic and DNA evidence to be analyzed .	Hong Kong banker alleged murder case adjourned until May The 29-year-old Rurik Jutting is accused of killing two Indonesian domestic workers
CNN  The fiancée of former New England Patriots star Aaron Hernandez said at a hearing Friday that she was asked to conceal a box and take it out of her Massachusetts home after the murder of Odin Lloyd in 2013 . Shayanna Jenkins ' testimony came outside the presence of the jury during a hearing on the limits of her testimony . But it signaled where the prosecution intends to take its questioning of the key witness , who took the stand before the jury later Friday . She is testifying after being granted immunity . Hernandez , the ex-tight end who had a $ 40 million contract until he was charged with murder , has pleaded not guilty to orchestrating the death of Lloyd , a semi-pro football player . He has also pleaded not guilty to other weapons charges . His co-defendants , Ernest Wallace and Carlos Ortiz , have also pleaded not guilty and will be tried separately . "  You took that box out and concealed it . Were you attempting to do it in a way so that people did n't know what you were doing ? " Bristol County District Attorney William McCauley asked . "  That 's correct , " Jenkins said . The weapon in the case has not been recovered . The prosecution has said Hernandez 's high school sweetheart removed the weapon from their North Attleboro home after Lloyd was killed on June 17 , 2013 . The state also alleges that she lied to a grand jury several times about the presence of guns in the home . She faces possible jail time if found guilty of perjury charges . Jenkins has pleaded not guilty . Jenkins testified she was "  instructed " to take the box out of the home , and that it was "  important " for her to get rid of it . On the day after Lloyd 's killing , prosecutors have said Jenkins received a coded text message from Hernandez . Search warrants said Hernandez asked his fiancée to remove something from their basement . The text message said : "  Go ... in back of the screen in movie room when u  sic  get home an  sic  there is a box ... jus  sic  in case u were looking for it !!! Member  sic  how you ruined the big tv ... WAS JUST THINKIN bout that lol wink wink love u TTYL ... K " Asked about the text message Friday afternoon , in the presence of the jury , Jenkins said she did n't know what it meant . Jenkins also told the jury that she met her fiance 's two alleged accomplices in the killing of Lloyd and gave them $ 500 in cash as police were questioning Hernandez about the slaying . Jenkins testified that she took Hernandez to a police station on June 18 , 2013 , and that he asked her to give Wallace money . Wallace was comforting to her , Jenkins told the jury . "  He said everything would be OK , " she said . She went to a bank ATM and withdrew $ 500 to give Wallace . "  I do n't remember the dollar amount he asked for but I remember telling him that was the amount I could take out , " she testified . Hours after Lloyd 's death , Jenkins said , Hernandez appeared "  normal " and his two alleged accomplices appeared "  fine . " Jenkins , 25 , and Hernandez are the parents of a daughter who was just a year old when her father was arrested on June 26 , 2013 . Her sister Shaneah was dating Lloyd , 27 , who was shot six times , according to prosecutors . At one point , McCauley asked Jenkins if she ever saw guns in the home . She told the jury that she saw one "  in the kitchen junk drawer . " Prosecution witnesses have testified that Lloyd was shot to death with a .45 - caliber Glock handgun . McCauley approached Jenkins on the stand with a Glock similar to the one used in the murder . "  Is that a secured firearm ? " she asked , moving back slightly . "  Yes . " McCauley asked if the Glock 's shape was similar to the one she saw in the junk drawer . "  Yes , " she responded . "  Color ? " "  Yes . " Size ? "  I 'm not sure , " she told the jury . Jenkins ' testimony resumes next week . CNN 's Lawrence Crook III and Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	Aaron Hernandez is on trial in the death of Odin Lloyd His fiancée has pleaded not guilty to perjury charges
Washington  CNN  -- It is up to the Justice Department to determine if there will be criminal charges in the release of classified military documents by WikiLeaks , but Defense Secretary Robert Gates said Sunday the website is morally guilty for putting lives at risk . On the ABC program "  This Week , " Gates declared himself "  mortified " and "  appalled " over the public dissemination of 76,000 documents that detailed military operations in Afghanistan . "  If I 'm angry it is because I believe this information puts those in Afghanistan who have helped us at risk , " Gates said , citing a Taliban statement that it would seek out informants and other collaborators exposed by the documents . He said the issue involved two areas of culpability - legal and moral . While the Department of Justice will decide on the legal questions , "  there 's also a moral culpability , and that 's where I think WikiLeaks is guilty , " Gates said . Adm. Mike Mullen , the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , also cited the Taliban 's threat to sources named in the leaked documents , saying the United States had a "  moral obligation " to protect their safety . However , neither Gates nor Mullen , who appeared on both the CBS program "  Face the Nation " and the NBC program "  Meet the Press , " could cite a specific example of any Taliban attacks based on information from the leaked materials . The public face of WikiLeaks , Julian Assange , says the purpose of posting the leaked documents was to increase awareness of the realities of the war within the American public . Gates , however , complained that there was no accountability for WikiLeaks in making public the documents presumably leaked by military personnel . One suspect , Pfc. Bradley Manning , is in custody as part of what officials call a widening investigation . Manning has already been charged with leaking a 2007 airstrike video and downloading documents from classified military systems . The documents posted last week are divided into more than 100 categories and touch on everything from the hunt for al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden to Afghan civilian deaths resulting from U.S. military actions . Thousands of pages of reports document attacks on U.S. troops and their responses , relations between Americans in the field and their Afghan allies , intramural squabbles among Afghan civilians and security forces , and concerns about neighboring Pakistan 's ties to the Taliban . According to Gates , an effort by the military to provide up-to-date information to the frontlines helped ease the ability of the documents to get leaked . "  Had whoever did this tried to do this at a rear headquarters overseas or pretty much anywhere here in the United States , we had controls in place that would have allowed us to detect this , " Gate said . A change made for the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan to "  put as much information as far forward as possible " made it "  much easier to do in theater " than anywhere else . However , Gates said he believed the benefit to soldiers in the field of having updated information probably outweighs the risk of a single soldier or a few leaking classified material . "  If one or a few members of the military did this , the notion that we would handicap our soldiers on the frontline by denying them this information ... my bias is against that , " Gates said . "  I want those kids out there to have all the information they can have . "	Gates and Mullen say WikiLeaks did harm in posting classified documents The Justice Department will decide on criminal charges , but WikiLeaks is morally guilty , Gates says Gates : The military provides updated information to frontline soldiers , raising the risk of leaks
Theirs were the faces that stood out in the chaotic helicopter evacuation off the Sinjar Mountains . Tears streamed down the cheeks of 15-year-old Aziza Hamid and her 17-year-old sister , Dunya , who were among a lucky few to fight their way onto an Iraqi helicopter , a scene captured this week by a CNN crew on the flight taking food and water to thousands trapped by extremist fighters . Two days later , CNN 's Ivan Watson tracked the girls and some of their family members to the third floor of a derelict building in Zakho , Iraq , a makeshift shelter where roughly 1,000 Yazidis with nowhere to go have taken refuge . Inside , the girls , their brothers and their 16-month-old cousin are confined with their meager belongings to a few feet of bare concrete . "  You no have food . You no have drink . You no have sleep . It is very , very poor , " the girls ' brother , Kareem , told Watson on Wednesday . "  It 's no good . " ` Heroic ' mission rescues desperate Yazidis from ISIS Their plight , like so many , began more than a week ago when they fled into the surrounding mountains when ISIS fighters stormed the town of Sinjar . Thousands are believed to be on the mountain , trapped without food , water or medical care in the summer heat . U.S. President Barack Obama ordered targeted airstrikes last week , partly to protect the Yazidis and others fleeing ISIS . He also ordered humanitarian airdrops . A mass evacuation of Yazidis is unlikely following an assessment by the U.S. State Department and military that found far fewer people were trapped than previously feared . Once believed to be in the tens of thousands , the number of Yazidis in the mountains is "  now in the low thousands , " Brett McGurk , a deputy assistant secretary of state , told CNN on Wednesday . Part of the reason for the drop in the number trapped is the airstrikes and humanitarian airdrops , as well as Iraqi helicopter evacuations , McGurk said . For now , those escaping continue to do so either by helicopter or a treacherous journey on foot . Who are the Yazidis ? ISIS fighters have vowed to kill the Yazidis , calling them "  devil worshipers . " Yazidis , one of the world 's smallest and oldest religious minorities , are members of a pre-Islamic sect with its roots in Zoroastrianism . It has ties to Hinduism , Christianity , Judaism and Islam . When ISIS advanced on Sinjar , an ancestral home for many Yazidis , the Hamid family was forced to flee . "  I was happy we survived , but I was sad and worried about my father , " Dunya told Watson . The girls ' father , like so many , refused to leave their hometown of Sinjar ahead of the ISIS advance . "  We all tried hard to convince my dad but he refused to leave the house , " the girls ' other brother , Thabed Hamid , said . "  He said it would be a humiliation . I decided I could n't let them capture girls and the women . So we left . " The family did n't make it far in their car before they ran into ISIS fighters , who were shooting at fleeing Yazidis on a bridge . Who are the religious and ethnic groups under threat from ISIS ? "  I jumped out of the car and off the bridge , " Aziza says , "  because I was scared of ISIS . " From there , they made their way up the mountain in the sweltering Iraqi summer heat . "  If we were able to find a tree where we could rest in the shade , we were lucky , " Dunya said . "  For the first four days we had no food , only water . Any bread we found we fed to the little kids to keep them alive . " It would be days before they learned their father 's fate . On Tuesday , they learned in a cellular telephone call their father was still alive . He escaped Sinjar and is on the mountain , the girls told Watson .	Far fewer Yazidis are trapped than previously feared , officials say Sisters Aziza and Dunya Hamid escape mountain in a helicopter rescue CNN 's Ivan Watson tracked them down at a makeshift shelter in Zakho They found out their father , who stayed behind , was safe
CNN  -- Police officers in Memphis , Tennessee , are sick -- sick of having their healthcare benefits cut . Nearly a quarter of the city 's 2,200-member police force called in sick on Monday . That 's 522 officers , according to Police Director Toney Armstrong . "  We 're in a crisis mode , " he said . "  We 're going to do absolutely everything we have to do to make sure that public safety is n't compromised . " Last month , the city council voted to eliminate the city 's 70 % subsidy of health insurance premiums for members of the force . Premiums were also increased , apparently prompting an onset of the "  Blue Flu " since June 30 . That 's when the number of officers out sick began to escalate . "  The police association has not sanctioned nor orchestrated a Blue Flu , " said Michael Williams , president of the Memphis Police Association . "  I would characterize it as officers that are stressed out , and they are very concerned about their futures . " The public finds itself caught in the middle . "  We 're in a Catch-22 as citizens because , yes , we want the protection , we need the protection , we deserve the protection , but they need their rights protected , too , " Memphis resident Harriet Stanton told CNN affiliate WMC-TV . Armstrong said it 's not hard to figure out why officers are upset . The changes are hitting them in the pocketbook . "  I certainly understand their level of disappointment and their level of hurt , " he said , stopping short of calling recent developments a strike . "  You have to respect the process , and certainly we have a certain percentage of our force that has chosen to take another action . " For the officers who remain on the job , there are no vacation or off days . Shelby County Sheriff 's deputies are supplementing the force . Tennessee Highway Patrol officers may pitch in too , if needed , Armstrong said . One Memphis resident called for disciplinary action . "  I think they should be fired because it 's a responsibility for us that we have to be protected , " Helen Fulp said . Yet , there was sympathy from others . "  Let 's start up on top . Let 's cut the mayor 's salary . Let 's cut some of his assistant 's salaries , then let 's cut from some of those making these decisions , " said Calvin Harris . "  Then , we see where we need to go from there . " Obama intervenes in Philadelphia rail strike	More than 500 officers were off the street on Monday The Memphis city council voted last month to cut health insurance subsidies Premiums were also increased Other law enforcement agencies are available to supplement the force
CNN  -- A day after a New York guest house was pummeled online for its policy of fining wedding parties for negative online reviews , its owner has apologized . Hundreds of people took to Yelp.com on Monday to complain about the Union Street Guest House 's policy of fining wedding parties $ 500 for any negative online reviews posted by members of their groups . Union Street Guest House owner Chris Wagoner admitted the fine was a company policy , but it is n't anymore . Although it had been removed from the website by Monday afternoon , screen shots show the policy read as follows : "  T  here will be a $ 500 fine that will be deducted from your deposit for every negative review of USGH placed on any Internet site by anyone in your party and/or attending your wedding or event . " It was intended as a joke , "  never something I told employees to enforce , " Wagoner wrote on the hotel 's Facebook page . "  However , since it was listed on our website it did represent an official policy . I now realize this joke was made in poor taste and not at all funny . This is no longer a policy of Union Street Guest House and we have taken it off of our website . " He cited his inexperience with the Internet and digital communication as one of the reasons he made the mistake . But a previous guest says the hotel has a history of trying to enforce the policy and ignoring other guest complaints . Guests who mention the Facebook apology letter will get a 10 % discount on stays at the guest house within the next three months , Wagoner wrote .	A New York inn 's policy of imposing a fine for bad online reviews backfired Union Street Guest House 's owner has apologized for the policy The owner called it a joke made in bad taste
Washington  CNN  -- The CIA has revealed it once considered creating and using a very different type of weapon in the fight against terrorism : a doll . An Osama bin Laden action figure with an evil-looking face . The spy agency began quietly developing the bin Laden doll in 2005 , as first reported by The Washington Post , and recruited the help of the former head of the Hasbro toy company , Donald Levine . Levine helped develop the G.I. Joe action figure . The CIA 's proposed plan , according to the newspaper , was to produce the dolls , with their bright red faces and spooky green eyes , and hand them out to children in Afghanistan in hopes of turning them away from the al Qaeda leader . But the agency aborted the plan after reviewing three prototypes of the doll , a CIA spokesman told CNN . "  The action figure idea was proposed and rejected by CIA before it got past the prototype stage , " said Dean Boyd , CIA spokesman . "  To our knowledge , there were only three individual action figures ever created and these were merely to show what a final product might look like . After being presented with these examples , the CIA declined to pursue this idea and did not produce or distribute any of these action figures . Furthermore , the CIA has no knowledge of these action figures being produced or distributed by others . "	The CIA developed prototypes for an Osama bin Laden action figure in 2005 The agency received help from former head of Hasbro , who helped develop G.I. Joe The scary dolls were meant to turn Afghan children against the al Qaeda leader
CNN  -- In 2005 , Haitian-born and Brooklyn-raised musician Wyclef Jean created the grassroots charity organization Yéle Haiti . The former member of the Grammy-winning group The Fugees coined the term Yéle in a song and imbued it with the meaning , "  a cry for freedom . " The purpose of the organization has been , from its inception , to restore pride and hope to the Haitian people through projects that will allow citizens to ultimately help themselves , such as the creation of scholarships , support for the arts , food distribution and emergency relief . "  I see old women with large bags of rice on their heads and men on street corners selling sugarcane and mangos , all just trying to survive with a strong sense of pride , " Jean said in a statement on the group 's Web site . "  Walking past a church in my village , I hear the congregation singing an appeal to God to hear their cries and grant deliverance to Haiti . Through experiences like this , I sense where my mother and my father got their strength . Now the whole country needs to reach deep into the spirit and strength that is part of our heritage . "  The objective of Yéle Haiti is to restore pride and a reason to hope , and for the whole country to regain the deep spirit and force that is part of our heritage . " Within two hours of Tuesday 's 7.0 magnitude earthquake , Jean and Yéle mobilized on social networking sites to raise funds for disaster relief . Jean is encouraging people to text "  Yéle " to 501501 , which will automatically donate $ 5 to the Yéle Haiti Earthquake Fund , or to visit http://www.yele.org/ . "  I can not stress enough what a human disaster this is , and idle hands will only make this tragedy worse . The over 2 million people in Port-au-Prince tonight face catastrophe alone . We must act now , " Jean said in a statement Tuesday night . In its first year , the organization , which Jean created in collaboration with his cousin , music producer Jerry Duplessis , provided scholarships to more than 3,600 children . In 2007 Jean testified before the House of Representatives urging the U.S. government to earmark more funds for education in Haiti and to encourage the U.S. private sector to enter the Haitian market in order to create jobs for the Haitian people . Jean also stressed the important of the arts in Haiti . The group has used local musicians to deliver food into slum neighborhoods where no other organizations are able to go . They have held annual hip-hop competitions where underprivileged youth are invited to write raps on social issues . A project called Yéle Cinema shows free Creole-dubbed films in slum neighborhoods , interspersed with short messages about social and development themes . Jean has n't been shy about using his celebrity status to advance the aims of Yéle Haiti . Following the devastation of several consecutive tropical storms in September 2008 , Jean brought actor Matt Damon to the island . Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie have traveled with Jean several times , most notably in 2006 when Jolie was pregnant with their first child . Last March the musician brought United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon and President Clinton to tour the region . "  I was honored to show my support when they asked me to join them on this important humanitarian trip which also gave them the opportunity to experience the beauty underneath the devastation my country and its people have had to face . It 's crucial for me to do all I can to raise awareness and help Haiti get through this tough time , " Jean said in a statement . While in Haiti the group visited a Yéle sponsored feeding program and met with President René Preval and senior government officials . In May 2008 , Jean and Yéle Haiti partnered with the United Nations World Food Program and the Pan American Development Foundation to create "  Together for Haiti , " a program that specifically provides resources for targeted food distribution , employment creation , micro-enterprise grants and farm training . "  The food crisis we 've seen develop in Haiti over the last 60 days is more serious than any emergency I 've seen over my years of work with the country , " Jean said in a statement . "  Even where food is available , the citizens of Haiti do not have the resources to buy it -- and we must take immediate action . I 'm confident that through the commitment of these three powerful organizations , ` Together for Haiti ' will rise to meet this urgent challenge and provide direct relief to the people . "	Haitian born musician Wyclef Jean founded charity organization Yéle Haiti in 2005 Yéle has been involved with Haiti through scholarships and food drives Jean and Yéle mobilized within two hours following Haiti earthquake
CNN  -- Sudanese authorities ordered the Red Cross to halt its activities in the nation starting Saturday , citing technical reasons , the aid agency said . The International Committee of the Red Cross says it has worked in Sudan for 36 years . "  We help people affected by the conflict in Darfur , provide seed , tools , food and water , and re-establish contact between people separated by the fighting , " it says on its website . "  The ICRC also promotes international humanitarian law and the protection of civilians affected by the conflict . " The government in Khartoum has in the past expelled aid agencies working in the Darfur region , where rebel groups and forces loyal to President Omar al-Bashir have fought . In April , a splinter group from the largest rebel group in Darfur signed a peace agreement with Khartoum . Sudan has seen raucous protests in recent months , some met with violent force by government security forces .	The Red Cross was active in the restive Darfur region The government says the suspension is for technical reasons In the past , Khartoum has expelled aid agencies from the region Rebels in Darfur and forces loyal to the government have a history of tension
CNN  -- Chelsea 's poor Premier League run continued on Sunday as the English champions dropped points for the third match in a row and failed to return to the top of the table . The Londoners were deposed at the summit after Manchester United 's 7-1 thrashing of Blackburn on Saturday , but could have returned on goal difference with victory away to mid-table Newcastle . However , Carlo Ancelotti 's team could only draw 1-1 as Salomon Kalou earned a point with an equalizer on the stroke of halftime following Andy Carroll 's early opener for Newcastle . That gave United a two-point lead after 15 rounds , leaving Chelsea in second place above London rivals Arsenal on goal difference . Berbatov scores five as Man Utd run riot The match was cleared to go ahead despite the snow that has blanketed the north of Britain in the past few days , with Newcastle 's suspension-depleted line-up boosted by the presence of veteran former England defender Sol Campbell for the first time in the league since joining the promoted club in pre-season . The home team -- beaten 5-1 by Bolton last weekend -- took the lead in the sixth minute when recent England debutant Carroll took advantage of a mistake by Brazil defender Alex to score his ninth league goal this season . Alex had a header cleared off the line by Jose Enrique in the 26th minute , and the equalizer finally came as Ivory Coast international Kalou collected a clever pass from Florent Malouda and twisted his way into the penalty area before firing in a deflected shot . Chelsea piled on the pressure in the second half but the closest they came to scoring was when striker Didier Drogba turned and volleyed in off the post in the 77th minute -- but it was ruled out for a blatant handball by the Ivorian . Ancelotti said Chelsea hope to welcome back England internationals John Terry and Frank Lampard from injuries ahead of next weekend 's clash with Everton , while Ghana midfielder Michael Essien returns from suspension . "  Next week for Terry and Lampard will be an important week , they will start to train with the team . We have all week to control their condition and I hope that both , maybe more John Terry than Lampard , will be able to play against Everton , " the Italian told the Chelsea website . "  They are very important , not just as technical players but they have personality , character -- and at this moment we need this kind of player . " Tottenham moved into fifth place above Bolton with a last-gasp 2-1 victory at home to Liverpool as Aaron Lennon scored a stoppage-time winner in the later kickoff . In the second minute of five added on , the England winger beat Liverpool defender Paul Konchesky to Peter Crouch 's flick-on and fired past goalkeeper Pepe Reina to put the London club within a point of Manchester City . Liverpool remained on 19 points in 10th place , behind Newcastle on goal difference . Roy Hodgson 's team had the best of the first half and took the lead through Martin Skrtel in the 42nd minute when the central defender responded quickest after his header hit the back of teammate David Ngog . Ngog conceded a penalty on the hour mark when he handled Gareth Bale 's free-kick , but substitute Jermain Defoe -- who replace the injured Rafael van der Vaart early on -- was wide of the target as the home side missed a fourth spot-kick this season . Five minutes later Skrtel put through his own net to give Tottenham hope , with the Slovakian attempting to deny the lurking Crouch the chance to convert Luka Modric 's teasing low cross . England striker Defoe had the ball in the net in the 89th minute , but was in an offside position before volleying in Lennon 's header .	English champions Chelsea come from behind to draw 1-1 at Newcastle Salomon Kalou 's 45th-minute goal cancels out Andy Carroll 's early opener Carlo Ancelotti 's team trail leaders Manchester United by two points after 15 games Tottenham move into fifth place above Bolton with a last-gasp 2-1 win at home to Liverpool
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- More than 25 percent of the homeless population in the United States are military veterans , although they represent 11 percent of the civilian adult population , according to a new report . On any given night last year , nearly 196,000 veterans slept on the street , in a shelter or in transitional housing , the study by the Homelessness Research Institute found . "  Veterans make up a disproportionate share of homeless people , " the report said . "  This is true despite the fact that veterans are better educated , more likely to be employed and have a lower poverty rate than the general population . " The president of the institute 's parent group appealed Thursday to lawmakers and civilians to help solve veteran homelessness before thousands of U.S. service members return from Iraq and Afghanistan . "  We know that veterans do n't immediately become homeless after they 're discharged , but the difficulties may take years to emerge , " Nan Roman , president of the National Alliance to End Homelessness , said in a news conference about the report 's findings . Ben Israel , a veteran originally from North Carolina 's Camp Lejeune , told reporters at the briefing that his "  main problem has always been housing . " Watch Israel describe life as a homeless veteran " Israel said he had been homeless in several cities , including Atlanta , Georgia , Dallas , Texas , and Portland , Oregon . "  I slept in my car many a night , " he said , "  trying to get to a day labor job because I got kicked out of a shelter at 6 a.m. " The states with the highest number of homeless veterans include Louisiana , California and Missouri , according to the research . Washington , D.C. , also had a high rate . About 44,000 to 64,000 veterans are classified as "  chronically homeless " -- homeless for long periods or repeatedly . Other veterans -- nearly 468,000 -- are experiencing "  severe housing cost burden , " or paying more than half their income for housing , thereby putting them at a high risk for homelessness . The rates of the burden of housing costs were highest in Rhode Island , California , Nevada and Hawaii , but the nation 's capital had the highest rate , according to the organization . To reduce chronic homelessness among veterans by half , the report concluded housing coupled with supportive services should be increased by 25,000 units , and the number of housing vouchers for veterans should be increased by 20,000 . Veterans such as Jason Kelley find themselves in a Catch-22 , not able to find a job because of the lack of an apartment , and not being able to get an apartment because of not having a job , The Associated Press reported . "  The only training I have is infantry training , and there 's not really a need for that in the civilian world , " the AP quoted Kelley as saying in a phone interview . In addition , he has been diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder , he told the AP . Kelley served in Iraq with the Wisconsin National Guard , the news agency said . A new Gallup Poll released by Fannie Mae showed that nearly a quarter of veterans , or 24 percent , report having been concerned they may not have a place to live . Eighty-six percent of poll respondents believe homelessness among veterans is either staying at the same level or increasing . In addition , 61 percent of poll respondents believe veterans of the Iraq and Afghanistan conflicts are at least as likely to become homeless as veterans of previous wars . The poll of 1,005 veterans was conducted September 4-October 17 and has a sampling error of plus or minus 3 percentage points . E-mail to a friend Copyright 2007 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	NEW : Group calls for steps to keep Iraq , Afghanistan vets from becoming homeless Veterans need proper housing and supportive services , organization chief says California , Louisiana , Missouri , Washington , D.C. , have most homeless veterans Half a million vets are at high risk for homelessness , report finds
CNN  -- A California judge on Monday denied Donald Sterling 's request for a postponement of a probate court trial over the proposed $ 2 billion sale of the Los Angeles Clippers by the Sterling family trust . The trial is scheduled to start July 7 and last four days . Shelly Sterling agreed May 29 to sell the NBA franchise to billionaire Steve Ballmer for what would be an NBA record price . But Donald Sterling , the Clippers ' other co-owner , does n't want to sell the team he bought in 1981 . He refused to sign on to terms of the deal . The trial will focus on Shelly Sterling 's right to sell the Clippers and not Donald Sterling 's mental capacity , lawyers for each side said Monday . At issue will be whether the procedures for removing one of the trust 's owners were followed . Shelly Sterling hired a neurologist and a specialist in geriatric psychiatry who separately examined her husband and judged him to be mentally incapacitated . Donald Sterling 's attorney Bobby Samini maintains that the mental examinations he was given were under "  undue influence " and "  there was fraud " on Shelly Sterling 's behalf . Donald Sterling , 80 , has been embroiled in controversy since a recording of a conversation with his friend V. Stiviano was posted online in late April . The recording included a series of racist comments . Sterling 's comments , first posted on TMZ , sparked outrage among NBA players , executives and fans . NBA commissioner Adam Silver fined Sterling $ 2.5 million and banned him for life from the NBA . The NBA 's board of governors , representatives from each of the 30 ownership groups , is scheduled to meet July 15 and could approve a sale then if the legal aspects of the deal are sorted out . In order for the team to be sold , either Donald Sterling would have to sign a binding term sheet or a court would have to agree Shelly Sterling acted legally in selling the team . New doctor declares Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling mentally fit Sterling accused of threatening to ` take out ' wife 's lawyer CNN 's Linda Hall contributed to this report .	Donald Sterling and Shelly Sterling co-own the Clippers through a family trust Shelly Sterling moves to sell team after two doctors she hired judged husband 's mental state Donald Sterling refuses to agree to the sale and the matter ends up in probate court Judge will rule on whether the proper steps to act solely on behalf of the trust were followed
CNN  -- Singer Bruno Mars appeared in a Las Vegas , Nevada , court Wednesday morning to accept a "  deferred adjudication " deal on a drug charge , his lawyer Blair Berk confirmed . Mars will avoid prosecution if he stays out of trouble for the next year , gets eight hours of drug counseling , does 200 hours of community service and pays a $ 2,000 fine , according to terms of a deal accepted in court Wednesday . The 25-year-old was arrested in a casino restroom last September , allegedly with 2.6 grams of cocaine in the left front pocket of his jeans , police said . The resolution of the singer 's legal trouble comes three days after Mars won a Grammy for best male pop vocal performance and received a standing ovation for his onstage Grammy performance with Janelle Monae . Mars and Monae announced Wednesday they will start touring the United States together in May . Under the "  deferred adjudication " agreement of the felony drug charge , the district attorney will not pursue the charge for 12 months as long as Mars complies with terms of their deal , Berk said . After a year , the charge would be dropped . Mars , whose real name is Peter Hernandez , was riding high on the music charts when he was arrested last year . His single , "  Just the Way You Are , " shot to No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart that month . His latest single , "  Grenade , " is currently at the top of the charts .	The charge will be dropped if he stays out of trouble for a year , his lawyer says Mars must complete community service , pay a fine and get counseling The singer was arrested in a Las Vegas casino last September Mars won a Grammy Sunday and announced a new tour Wednesday
CNN  -- Why did he do it ? That 's what so many of us are asking after Jaylen Fryberg , a popular freshman , opened fire on classmates during lunch at Marysville-Pilchuck High School north of Seattle on Friday . The shootings left two girls dead and three other students injured , including two of Fryberg 's cousins , one of whom remains in critical condition . Fryberg died after turning the gun on himself . We typically assume that school shooters fit the narrative of a loner , struggling to fit in , ostracized and bullied by his peers . But by all accounts , Fryberg was well-liked , a member of the football team who planned to try out for wrestling too and who was recently named the school 's freshman homecoming prince . What made him snap ? We do n't know and may never know , but as reports come in that Fryberg might have been dealing with a breakup or anger that a girl he liked rebuffed him and was with his cousin , we have to ask ourselves whether we are doing enough to help our boys deal with difficult emotions and express them without resorting to violence . Fryberg , it seems , was using social media to express some of the pain he appeared to be feeling . Washington school shooting forgives the gunman -- his cousin "  Tell me what your plan is , " he wrote on Twitter at the end of August . "  You ca n't make a bond with anyone like the bond me and you have right now ... . Tell me what your going to do . " He went on to say , "  Your gon na piss me off ... And then some  expletive 's  gon na go down and I do n't think you 'll like it . " Days before the shooting , he wrote , "  It breaks me ... It actually does ... I know it seems like I 'm sweating it off ... But I 'm not . . And I never will be able to . " "  It 's a cry for help , " said Avital Norman Nathman , who wrote a story for The Frisky on the Washington tragedy headlined "  School Shootings , Toxic Masculinity and ` Boys Will Be Boys . ' " "  This kid was hurting , but do we have a safe space for young men to feel OK talking about their feelings without fear of repercussion , whether that 's teasing , even if it 's gentle ribbing ? " asked Norman Nathman , editor of the motherhood anthology "  The Good Mother Myth . " Emotional literacy in boys Type "  emotional literacy for boys " into Google , and "  Raising Cain : Protecting the Emotional Life of Boys " is the first item that will pop up . Coincidentally , the book came out just days before the Columbine school shooting . Co-author Michael Thompson says the "  cultural ideal of masculinity , " the thinking that men need to be strong and independent , is causing many boys and young men to have trouble bearing difficult emotions . Masculinity , mental illness and guns : A lethal equation ? "  Teenage boys still have the myths , " Thompson said . "  They still believe in the myths of total strength and independence , and when your girlfriend  drops  you and you are flooded with feelings of loss , shame and abandonment , then you think you ca n't manage these feelings . "  And that 's where the issue of emotional literacy comes in , because emotional literacy means being able to identify your feelings and being able to manage them , " said Thompson , a clinical psychologist who works at a boys school in Massachusetts . "  The Mask You Live In , " to be released in 2015 , is a film about the impact that our "  narrow definition " of masculinity is having on boys , men and society in general . The experts interviewed for the film say "  that boys have been socialized in such a way that they 're not supposed to experience pain or suffering and that they 're expected to be dominant , stoic and in control at all times , " said Jennifer Siebel Newsom , the film 's writer , producer and director . She also wrote , produced and directed the documentary "  Miss Representation , " which examined the role of the media in the underrepresentation of women in power . "  If young men do not have an outlet for expressing their feelings and communicating honestly and outwardly with others , they are subject to an incredibly lonely and isolating existence , " said Siebel Newsom , who is also the founder and chief executive officer of the non-profit The Representation Project . The numbers paint a portrait of frustration and despair that can lead to extreme behavior : Eighty-one percent of completed suicides among young people ages 10 to 24 are by boys , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Although girls attempt suicide twice as often , Thompson said , they typically leave notes or take pills , whereas boys often "  get a gun or hang themselves or they jump off a bridge . " "  Why are they doing that ? " Thompson asked . "  Well , they feel they have to do something that looks strong . ` I 'm hurt but I 'm still strong . I can leap off a bridge . ' They do what in many ways is the final test of masculinity . " What more can we do to help boys ? Siebel Newsom believes a conversation is necessary among parents , guardians , educators and coaches and young men , allowing boys to know that "  there is more than one way to ` be a man . ' " SOS for stressed-out teens "  We have to redefine healthy masculinity for our boys to include empathy , emotion , care and compassion , " she said . "  And we have to model it , challenging unhealthy dominant norms in public culture and daily life . " Thompson said that as we see an increase in fathers ' involvement in their sons ' lives , people 's idea of masculinity will change . "  If your father is diapering you from the get-go and taking care of you and bathing you and feeding you , then you do n't think masculinity is just a ` tough thing . ' " He also said we should think about encouraging our boys to take on caretaking positions , just like girls do , in terms of babysitting or helping the elderly . "  Meeting the needs of somebody who 's dependent allows you to become more accepting of your own dependency needs , " he said . Do modern dads get enough credit ? Parents need to talk to their boys , but too often they are n't using the right words , said Thompson . "  They 're often saying ` Be in touch with your emotions ' ... 'Em brace your inner femininity , ' and men experience that as they are being told to be more like women , and they reject it , and teenage boys do especially . " Dad : No ` be a man ' narrative in home Jim Higley of Chicago , who has two sons and a daughter , said he has always tried to help his sons understand what they are feeling by "  literally saying to them , ` You 're feeling frustrated / anxious / nervous / hurt right now , but I promise that feeling will go away . ' " "  As a dad , we are obligated to take our sons by the hand and make sure they are as familiar with their emotions as they are with healthy eating habits , the importance of exercise and sexuality , " said Higley , an award-winning author , radio host and creator of the site Bobblehead Dad . Buzz Bishop , father of two boys who are 4 and 7 , said the "  be a man " narrative is not present in their home . "  There are not stereotypical gender roles in the house , " said Bishop , of Calgary , Alberta , who founded a blog called Dad Camp . "  I am an active and engaged parent and do n't feel the need to berate masculinity into them . " Terry Greenwald , a divorced father of three , says he has spent a lifetime dealing with his own emotions and trying to find ways to deal with them effectively . When it comes to his younger son , who is 26 , he believes he has been dealing with the "  being tough " issue since the boy started playing hockey when he was 5 . "  They fall or get hit and are told ` be tough ' or ` get back out there , ' " Greenwald said . "  As a parent and a former athlete , I wanted him to find a balance , not let little things stop him but also not to try and keep playing if he really was hurt . " Greenwald said he tried to strike a balance with his son with emotional issues too -- "  what to share and what to hold inside " -- and to this day tries to initiate conversations with his son "  to open the doors to him expressing his feelings . " Norman Nathman , who has a 7-year-old son , says they play the song "  It 's Alright to Cry " from the hit '70s album "  Free to Be ... You and Me " all the time in their household . "  It 's such a simple concept but one that gets lost to boys as they grow up , " she said . She wishes middle and high schools would focus as much on emotional development as many elementary schools do , where the goal is giving boys tools on how to work out feelings , just like they have tools for math and language arts . "  It 's just padding up their tool belt so they have more things to go to before it boils over and it turns into any number of these tragedies . " How much do the you think the "  be a man " messaging in society is hurting our boys and young men ? Tell Kelly Wallace on Twitter or CNN Living on Facebook .	Jaylen Fryberg , the Washington school shooter , may have been dealing with a broken heart The tragedy has parents asking whether we 're doing enough to help boys with their feelings "  Cultural ideal of masculinity " is hurting boys , said the co-author of "  Raising Cain " We need to "  redefine healthy masculinity " for boys , a documentary filmmaker says
CNN  -- Olli Heinonen , the former deputy director general of the International Atomic Energy Agency recently asserted that Iran having passed the "  point of no return " in its nuclear weapons program could within two weeks have the ability to enrich enough missile-grade uranium to build a bomb . Yet U.S.-led direct negotiations with Iran broke down in Geneva while the potential remains for the unraveling of sanctions . Israel wants Iran 's enrichment of uranium set back by 12 months along with the dismantling of numerous centrifuges . The U.S. , however , is willing to set it back by five months . Israel fears the problem with the U.S. timeline is if Iran kicks out inspectors , Washington would not have sufficient time to gear up militarily . At Geneva , Iran opposed suspending work on its plutonium-producing reactor at Arak and downgrade its stockpile of higher-enriched uranium . Israel notes that recently Iran has planned for 34 new nuclear sites to be constructed along the country 's Persian Gulf and Caspian coasts . Alaeddin Boroujerdi , the head of the Iranian parliament 's foreign affairs committee recently asserted that Iran will never agree to dismantle the Fordow uranium enrichment facility . Ilan Berman , the Vice President of the American Foreign Policy Center notes that this was a key concession that officials in the U.S. and Europe had expected Iran to make . GCC countries such as Saudi Arabia and UAE have been able to push back against U.S.-led negotiations with Iran by allowing countries like France to curry favor with them . Thus it is possible that France scuttled the deal on offer in Geneva in order to win energy and military contracts in Saudi Arabia and the UAE at the U.S. 's expense . France has also increased defence ties with Israel . For these reasons there is little chance that Israel and Saudi Arabia will not lobby to derail P5 +1 talks when they reconvene in November 20 . A skeptic urges : Give Iran talks time Israel is also concerned that the unraveling of sanctions accompanied with Iran 's increased enrichment of uranium will be blamed by the Obama administration on its settlement policy . Secretary Kerry 's harsh criticism of Israel 's settlement policy is linked to President Obama 's original position that the road to Tehran runs through Jerusalem . In an interview with Jeffrey Goldberg , U.S. Secretary of Defense , Chuck Hagel described one of the main strategic interests of the U.S. in the Middle East as resolving the Israel-Palestinian issue . This is at a time of more than 100,000 people killed in Syria with a mass refugee crisis spilling over the borders threatening the stability and security of Jordan , Turkey , and Iraq . Middle East borders drawn by the Sykes-Picot Accord are disintegrating . Red lines have been crossed in Syria as chemical weapons have been used by the Assad regime which suffers no consequences while subsequently being increasingly reluctant to reveal all its sites or offer access to them to chemical inspectors . Iran could follow suit by avoiding tougher sanctions by appearing to cooperate with the U.S. , playing for time while creating and exploiting differences between the U.S. on one hand and Israel and Saudi Arabia on the other . They already did this by backing out of the Geneva point at the last hour . Iran could maintain their core nuclear program making peripheral relinquishments so that they could reconstitute their program and a nuclear weapon in a moment 's notice . A Sunni-Shiite war is brewing across the region with the U.S. 's policies ironically emboldening Islamism by supporting the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt and its hands-off approach that emboldened jihadists in Syria . At the same time the U.S. is relinquishing its role in the Middle East to Russia much to the consternation of Saudi Arabia and Israel . At a time of austerity leading to the slashing of military budgets and a less than comprehensive foreign policy it is surreal that the Obama administration would seek to focus on imposing a solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict . The U.S. was reluctant to commit troops to Libya or Syria where mass slaughter has been committed , and yet is willing to commit troops to the Jordan valley . Amid austerity , the U.S. has abandoned the promotion of democracy , prevention of humanitarian catastrophe and resisted becoming involved in "  someone else 's civil war . " Thus President Obama is incompetent by being unable to prioritize security threats and strategic interests . A senior Israeli defence official told me that the alternative is that President Obama genuinely thinks that the Palestinians and Israel are the problem -- the source of all the region 's ills . He revealed his country 's national consciousness saying gravely , "  Jews have heard that accusation before but today is different , the state of Israel exists and we refuse to be vulnerable . " US-Israel rift over Iran nukes now in the open Israel does not see the U.S. as a reliable ally , especially in light of leaks from the White House on targets that the U.S. had of Syria 's military instillations and chemical sites giving the Assad regime the time to disperse it into densely populated areas ; and more recently on Israel 's strike on Hezbollah 's weapons shipments giving Hezbollah an excuse to strike back . The combined result is that the U.S. 's allies in the region -- mainly the Gulf and Israel are feeling cornered with the high probability that Israel will feel forced to strike Iran before the Obama administration decides to proceed with independent negotiations with Iran and unilaterally roll back sanctions allowing Iran to become a nuclear threshold state . Saudi Arabia and Israel care more about U.S. sanctions than EU ones ; EU and U.N. sanctions hurt Iran less than U.S. ones as even if EU banks do n't offer letters of credit to Iran , it is because of the U.S. sanctions . If EU does not buy oil from Iran , Iran will go and sell it to China . Saudi Arabia , Egypt and Turkey will also seek to go nuclear in the event that the U.S. fails to prevent Iran from gaining nuclear status . Former Israeli defence officials that I spoke with that were previously averse to the idea of a military strike on Iran are increasingly warming to it . GCC States and Israel have increased their intelligence sharing to counter an Iranian threat . It was the former that Wikileaks revealed urging President Obama to "  Cut the head of the snake . " The international community including the U.S. and Gulf States will publically denunciate Israel 's actions while privately offering a sigh of relief in the same way that it did in the aftermath of Israel 's strikes against Saddam Hussein 's nuclear facility in Osirak in 1981 . It is foolhardy to write off Netanyahu 's threats as mere bluster and one has to understand the Israeli psyche . An Iranian bomb would be the death knell for Zionism . Former Iranian President Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani in the past observed that targeting Israel by the , "  application of an atomic bomb would not leave anything in Israel but the same thing would just produce damages in the Muslim world . " It would be a historical irony if after over half a century of declaring "  Never Again " and posing as an insurance policy for the physical survival of the Jewish people , Israel become a state ghetto with a concentration of Jewish people becoming vulnerable to a nuclear attack . Israel considers the Geneva talks as contributing to just that . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Barak Seener .	Former IAEA deputy : Iran could have ability to enrich bomb-grade uranium in 2 weeks Israel fears Washington would have insufficient time to gear up militarily - Barak Seener Seener : U.S. 's policies aiding Islamism , by backing Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt and Syrian jihadists Saudi Arabia , Egypt and Turkey as well as Israel all fear Iran gaining nuclear status - Seener
Austin , Texas  CNN  -- Historically , the tech industry has not been especially hospitable to women . In 2009 , the U.S. Department of Labor released a list of the 20 leading occupations of employed women . None of them was in the technical field . That same year , only 3 % of the CEOs of Fortune 500 companies were women , according to the National Center for Women & Information Technology . From coders to venture capitalists , women remain a small minority in most tech-related businesses . This issue was a recurring theme at last week 's South by Southwest Interactive festival in Austin , Texas , where attendees gathered at women 's - only parties and panels featured such titles as "  Sausagefest : Getting More Women Into New Media & Tech . " Conversations focused on the unique set of challenges women face as minorities in the tech workplace . This isolation , they said , spurs a need to gather and to collectively exchange ideas . As a result , an increasing number of groups has formed to help women find mentors and build their confidence . Tamara Hudgins is the executive director of Girl Start , an nonprofit based in Austin . The organization provides science , technology , engineering and math  STEM  programming for girls outside of the classroom . "  Less than 12 percent of STEM jobs in America are filled by women . So for us , making sure that more girls feel that they have access to STEM jobs is critical , " she said . "  Having more women in the field is important for innovation . " In interviews with CNN , many female developers said they felt they had to fight for respect or deal with internal issues of self-doubt to advance in their career . "  As a female , there 's kind of that perception that you do n't have certain skills or reasoning , " said Patty Cifra , a software developer for IBM in Austin . The perception goes , "  You are just not as good at science as males , or else why would n't there be more females  in scientific fields  ? " Women at SXSWi also talked about the desire to be respected in the tech workplace , not just liked . "  How we have been conditioned to be maybe works fine for being the popular girl in school . But at a certain point in our professional life , being the nice one does not get us to the level of respect or responsibility that we want , " said Tara Sophia Mohr , a San Francisco-based life and leadership coach for women . "  We have to be more authoritative and more assertive and be OK with not being liked by everyone , " she added . Laura Kilcrease , sitting in an audience at a panel on women entrepreneurs , jokingly refers to herself as the only female venture capitalist in Austin . She said a lack of assertiveness can prevent women from properly scaling their new business venture and asking for money . "  Women generally want less money than they really need , and they do n't show me a big business plan , " Kilcrease said . "  I challenge women to think about scaling their business and asking for enough funds to cover their projected growth . " As conferences like SXSWi bring together thought leaders from all over the world , women here hope these discussions can help close the gender gap in tech fields . Business strategist Valeria Maltoni of Philadelphia offered a solution , broken into three parts . "  Women need to become better at stating clearly what they want , " she said . "  We 're not very good at stating clearly and consistently what our contribution is going to be and asking for our part in the project . "  The second part of that is be better at self-promoting . As women , as wives , as daughters , as partners , as team members , we tend to be very good at promoting others . We tend to really suck at highlighting what we 're good at , " she added . "  We need to find a way to be OK with the results we bring to the table and being OK with being confident in those results . " Finally , she stressed the need for women to find mentors , whether those mentors are male or female . However , having a female role model can help women visualize their own future , she said . The desire to connect other like-minded women and build a community led developer Garann Means to form all-girl hack nights in Austin . Attendees come together to exchange ideas and work on projects . "  If it was open to men , it would be mostly men . The fact that it 's exclusive to women helps bring women out , " Means said . "  It 's just a little easier when you know this is for you . " "  Being the only -LSB- female developer -RSB- , you do n't have role models , " Cifra said . "  Then you go into these groups and you see distinguished engineers at IBM that are females , and it encourages you to be like , ` Yeah , she did it . She went through the same path , and it 's something that I can follow . ' " "  I think these organizations form because women have certain issues that do n't pertain to guys , " agreed Cifra . "  You 're more comfortable voicing these opinions to someone who is sympathetic and understanding of what you are going through . " Such segregation by gender is not a popular idea to everyone in the industry . But Hudgins said they are necessary because time and time again , educators see women drop out of nonsegregated programs . Despite the bleak statistics , there was plenty of optimism in Austin . With so many people working together to increase opportunities for women in tech , many of the woman CNN interviewed at SXSW said they do n't think this conversation will be happening in 10 to 15 years . "  Development is becoming more social . They  men and women  are talking . They 're not hiding in basements . I think that 's really good for this industry , " Means said . Cifra also is hopeful about the future of the industry , thanks in part to the rise of social media , which tends to attracts more women , she said . "  The social computing aspect brings a lot more people , " she said . "  I see more and more women in the technical field . "	Conversations at SXSW focus on issues women face as minorities in workplace Less than 12 % of  science and tech  jobs in U.S. filled by women , nonprofit director says Women at SXSW hope these discussions could close the gender gap in the industry
CNN  -- At a time where former tennis greats are returning to the tour , there is one man whose presence looms large . It was always going to take something special to lure Boris Becker away from the home comforts of his family and the sanctuary of the television studio . But with one phone call and a glimpse at a man who made him think twice , the opportunity to work with Novak Djokovic was a challenge he could not resist . "  I see in Novak a little bit of Boris Becker , " the German tells CNN 's Open Court . "  I see him against Rafael Nadal and Roger Federer , probably the two most popular players in the world , and he does n't always get a fair deal from the crowd . "  It makes him work even harder and more determined to win . I see some similarities between him and a young Becker . " Becker began his partnership with Djokovic in December 2013 and was courtside when the Serb star claimed his seventh grand slam title at Wimbledon in July -- one more than his coach managed during a 15-year career . Becker , whose first of three triumphs at the All England club came as a raw teenager , was heavily criticized when he moved away from the microphone to become an integral part of Djokovic 's coaching set up . His former rival Stefan Edberg joined forces with Federer around the same time , while Ivan Lendl -- another star of their era -- enjoyed a successful spell working alongside Andy Murray before they split in March . But it was Becker 's arrival that caught the headlines . The 46-year-old says he could not turn down the offer -- especially given the similarities he saw between Djokovic , now 27 , and his younger self . "  I live with Novak . Whenever he makes a mistake I feel that I make it too , " Becker says . "  Whenever he hits an ace , I feel like I 've hit an ace . "  I have to keep my poker face and have a very cool demeanor . He 's looking at us up in the box and we have to give him confidence . "  Inside it 's a volcano , I 'm burning . After matches he needs to take a quiet minute to relax -- I need to take one too ! " Becker burst onto the scene by winning Wimbledon at the tender age of 17 and repeating the feat the following year , becoming known as "  Boom Boom " for his ferocious serve-and-volley game . A U.S. Open triumph in 1989 and two Australian Open crowns capped a fine career in which he won 64 ATP titles , earning $ 25 million in prize money . But since his retirement in 1999 , Becker 's main contribution to tennis has been through his television work . It is something he enjoys immensely , his enthusiasm laid bare for all to see every time he picks up a microphone . While Becker received a couple of phone calls from players curious as to whether he would be willing to take up a coaching role , it was only once Djokovic got in touch that he began to consider moving back onto the circuit . But even then , Becker needed reassuring -- he had to know what was driving Djokovic . "  I have a pretty successful second career which is nothing to do with tennis or sport so I was already on the road for so many years , so I thought , why bother ? " he says . "  But Novak called me and I told him I felt honored . I told him I appreciated that he remembered me and that I could bring something he did n't have yet . "  I considered going back on the road but I wanted to talk to him first to see how driven he was . "  I did n't want to spend weeks with him away from my wife and kids if he was n't driven . "  I go on the road because I want to win the majors and not being happy with the quarters or the semis . He had the same mindset and that 's why I felt it was the right decision . " Becker 's presence at the 2014 Australian Open sparked much interest . Djokovic , having won the title on each of his three previous visits to Melbourne Park , was dethroned by eventual winner Stan Wawrinka 9-7 in the fifth set of their quarterfinal . That result sparked skepticism over Becker 's appointment , though he dismissed that as "  part of being Boris Becker . " Instead , Becker believes the defeat to Wawrinka allowed them time to assess which way they needed to go , and allowed him to begin to influence the Serbian 's game -- especially the mental side . Defeats in the finals at Wimbledon and the U.S Open in 2013 and the 2014 French Open had left question marks over Djokovic 's morale , but Becker believes any doubts have since been erased . "  I was known to be a pretty hard-nosed guy on court with a very strong mentality , " he adds . "  I was a fighter 's player . Maybe I was n't the quickest or most talented but I put all my character into the match . "  Maybe that was something he was looking for . He 's so talented and physically he 's amazing , maybe that was the one part he was lacking . "  I think that 's why we gel and get along . I have something he does n't have , he certainly has things I do n't have anymore , and I think that 's a foundation of our relationship . " Djokovic will start his 2014 U.S. Open campaign next week hoping to secure a second victory at Flushing Meadows to his growing list of triumphs , having lost in the last two finals there . Since Wimbledon , and his wedding , top-ranked Djokovic has struggled in the North American hard-court swing . A heavy defeat by Jo-Wilfried Tsonga at the Rogers Cup was followed by a shock loss against world No. 18 Tommy Robredo in Cincinnati last week -- a result which has cast doubt over whether he will be ready for the final grand slam of the season . But with Nadal ruled out of the tournament with injury , Djokovic will still be confident of reaching the final , especially with Becker by his side . "  Novak is a great student given he 's someone who has won so much already , " says Becker . "  He 's been world No. 1 , is a multiple grand slam winner and is a very rich man . He really wants to learn , wants to get better and be in the history books of tennis . "  He had a dream , coming from very humble beginnings . His parents gave everything for their children and he feels he has a very big responsibility to give everything he has and eventually give back to his family . "  That 's what makes him tick . He 's much more mature than normal 27-year-olds often come across as . " That maturity is also in evidence off the court following Djokovic 's marriage to long-term girlfriend Jelena Ristic and the imminent arrival of their first child . Becker believes fatherhood will only enhance Djokovic 's game and says children can have a positive effect on a player 's psyche both on and off the court . "  It changed me for the better , " says Becker , who has children by both his first and second wives . "  It changed Roger Federer for the better and gave him a new zest for life . A tennis player 's life is sometimes very lonely but to have your wife and kid with you sometimes gives you a better quality of life . "  There 's something to go back to after practice or a match . It gave me another three or four years on my career and I think it will do the same for Novak . "  He 's a true family man . He loves his wife and family more than anything in the world , and having that addition to his family will make him a better man . "	Boris Becker says he sees a lot of Novak Djokovic in himself Says he "  burns like a volcano " while watching Djokovic play Only decided to take role after long talks with Serbian star He says fatherhood will help Djokovic blossom
CNN  -- At least 300 people were killed and 700 injured during the Tunisian uprising , a top U.N. human rights expert said Saturday . Juan Mendez , who is in the north African nation this week to study issues facing the interim government , was briefed by a fact-finding commission set up to deal with accusations of human rights abuses since December 17 . He said he expects the death toll to climb as the group continues its investigation . Mendez is the United Nations ' special rapporteur on torture . He compiles reports and presents them to the U.N. Protests in Tunisia erupted late last year . Fed up with corruption , unemployment and escalating prices of food , people began demonstrating en masse after the self-immolation suicide of a fruit cart vendor in December . The popular protests led to the resignation of the long-time president in January , prompting a wave of unrest across the Arab world . Mendez ' visit marks the first official visit to Tunisia by a U.N. independent human rights expert since the creation of the interim government . He arrived in Tunisia on May 15 and is expected to leave Sunday .	The death toll is expected to rise , says the U.N. expert on torture About 700 people were also injured Popular protests in Tunisia led to the resignation of the long-time president in January
Washington  CNN  -- Chris Christie used about 2,000 words to deliver different messages to different audiences Tuesday in his second inaugural address , this one under the specter of scandal . The embattled New Jersey governor made no mention of the multiple investigations into alleged political retribution exacted by his administration . Instead , he spoke as a re-elected governor to his state and the early frontrunner for the Republican presidential nomination in 2016 , if he decides to run , to a cheering crowd in the Trenton War Memorial . Most importantly , Christie emphasized themes of unity and moving beyond partisan politics to try to reassure crucial Independent voters shaken by the controversy over traffic gridlock as alleged political payback . Here is what he said , and what he really was saying : "  A tough New Jersey . A resilient New Jersey . A proud New Jersey . " Christie was talking about himself as much as his state when , early in the speech , he spoke of the bond established with the people of New Jersey during his first term . "  We have endured the worst economic recession of our lifetimes and we have begun to triumph over it , " he said , establishing the "  all-in-this-together " theme of the speech that sought to also boost state pride . "  We have survived the worst natural disaster in our state 's history and we have worked together to restore , renew and rebuild the state that we love , " he added , noting that "  each one of these challenges has been met by a new , unified force in public life - a New Jersey setting the tone for an entire nation . " Then came the triple kicker , received with lengthy applause : "  A tough New Jersey . A resilient New Jersey . A proud New Jersey . " Low profile for Democrats as Christie inaugurated "  A New Jersey that has put aside political partisanship on the important issues ... " With polls showing public disgust with the partisan politics of Washington , Christie portrayed himself as a leader who can overcome ideological divisions . His goal was to contrast his record in a politically divided state with Democratic President Barack Obama 's inability to divine much partisan progress from a similarly divided Congress . New Jersey Democrats note their control of the state legislature means every law passed and signed by Christie must be bipartisan , by definition . To the governor , the victor gets the spoils and he hailed "  a New Jersey that has put aside political partisanship on the important issues to our people to take advantage of the opportunities each of these challenges has presented us with every day . " Later in the speech , Christie expanded on that theme , saying "  we can not fall victim to the attitude of Washington , D.C. " "  The attitude that says I am always right and you are always wrong , " he said . "  The attitude that puts everyone into a box that they are not permitted to leave . The attitude that puts political wins ahead of policy agreements . The belief that compromise is a dirty word . " Hot piece of land in Hoboken at center of Christie-Zimmer dispute "  Each vote cast is an act of faith and trust . " In a key message of the speech , Christie presented himself as a leader able to win support across the political spectrum , which will be the most necessary attribute for a Republican presidential candidate . Obama won re-election in 2012 by thumping GOP challenger Mitt Romney in key demographics such as women , young voters , Hispanic Americans and African Americans . It appears that Christie hopes to generate broad-based support and fundraising by claiming the title as most electable Republican from the start . "  You see , elections are about more than TV ads and debates and rallies . Each vote cast is an act of faith and trust , " he said to set up the bond between candidate and citizen . Referring to his November re-election , Christie said "  it was n't just some of our people who affirmed this course . " "  It was not a vocal plurality like four years ago , " he continued to growing applause and cheers . "  No , this time , it was the largest and loudest voice of affirmation that the people of our state have given to any direction in three decades . " One by one , he listed the elements of his broad-based support -- an enviable collection for any candidate of any party . "  Suburbanites and city dwellers . African Americans and Latinos . Women and men . Doctors and teachers . Factory workers and tradesmen . Republicans and Democrats and independents , " Christie said . Later in the speech , he made sure to mention how the state passed an immigration law on his watch that gave some children of immigrants living illegally in New Jersey a break on their tuition . The issue is paramount to Hispanic Americans and the subject of major political division in Washington . To CNN Chief Political Analyst Gloria Borger , Christie was declaring to GOP backers and independents looking to get behind a winner that he can attract a "  very broad " coalition like the one that gave him his second term . Do n't trash Jersey until you 've traveled it "  Now we have no moral option but to heed the voice of the voters ... " With this line , Christie sought to seal the bond with New Jerseyans and also convince people nationwide that he could be trusted with their votes come 2016 , if he runs . A new national poll released Tuesday showed Christie losing ground to the early Democratic presidential frontrunner in 2016 , Hillary Clinton . The biggest shift in the Quinnipiac University survey was among Independent voters , who were split between Christie and Clinton in December but now go for Clinton by a 15-percentage point margin . It also indicated that Christie 's standing among voters has dropped since the controversies facing his administration became more prominent in the past two weeks . "  He 's paying a political price with those Independents , " Borger said , adding that on the issue of voter trust , "  he 's got a lot of work to do there . " It 's not impossible , she noted , saying Independent voters "  can always shift back , but he has to win them back . " Tuesday 's speech tried to do exactly that . "  Now we have no moral option but to heed the voice of the voters and that is exactly what I intend to do , " Christie said to applause . "  Today , I thank all those who have once again placed their faith and trust in me and I make this promise : I will not let up , I will insist we work together and I will make this government truly work for those who pay for it , " he continued to another ovation . Trump : Christie ` one email away from a disaster ' "  I do not believe that New Jerseyans want a bigger , more expensive government ... " While Christie 's poll numbers among Republicans remain strong , he remains vulnerable to conservative criticism that he is too moderate for the hardliners on the GOP right . Some will never forgive him for buddying up with Obama when they toured the Superstorm Sandy devastation a few days before the 2012 election , a break in final campaign coverage considered beneficial to the President 's victory . His speech offered some red meat to conservatives by stressing his opposition to tax hikes sought by Democrats who control the state legislature . "  I do not believe that New Jerseyans want a bigger , more expensive government that penalizes success and then gives the pittance left to a few in the name of income equity , " Christie said , delivering a conservative mantra . "  What New Jerseyans want is an unfettered opportunity to succeed in the way that they define success . They want an equal chance at the starting line ; not a government guaranteed result . " His applause followed by calling for policies "  that believe in the effort , the talent and the optimism of New Jerseyans , not in the power of almighty government to fix any problem , real or imagined . " "  So , let 's be different than our neighbors , " Christie said to cheers . "  Let 's put more money in the pockets of our middle class by not taking it out of their pockets in the first place . " Opinion : How Christie could rebound - and come out stronger "  The ways we divide each other ... is neither permanent nor necessary . " While he needs at least some conservative support to survive the GOP primaries for 2016 , Christie knows that any chance in a general election requires the support of independent voters and perhaps even some disenchanted Democrats . So he tried to tread a somewhat tricky middle ground by proposing both conservative and moderate policies and ideas . "  This election has taught us that the ways we divide each other -- by race , by class , by ethnicity , by wealth , and yes by political party -- is neither permanent nor necessary , " Christie said . "  You see , our dreams are the same : a good job , a great education for our children , safe streets in our neighborhood and core values which give lives real meaning . Those dreams are not unique to any one group in our state . " He then sounded like a conservative-tinged populist by encouraging personal responsibility to help each other . "  We have to be willing to play outside the red and blue boxes that the media pundits put us in , " he said to applause . "  We have to be willing to reach out to others who look or speak differently than us ; we have to be willing to personally reach out a helping hand to a neighbor or a friend suffering from drug addiction , depression or the dignity stripping loss of a job . " Continuing the theme , Christie outlined policy directions on education and drug enforcement that straddled the ideological spectrum . "  We will make it our priority to have every child in New Jersey have a chance to get a good education , " he said , again prompting applause and cheers by adding that "  no matter what adult we have to offend , no matter where you came from , no matter what sacred cow we must slay , no matter how much we have to change the conventional thinking , we will no longer stand for the achievement gap which exists between our best and least educated children . " Then he became more liberal , saying "  we will end the failed war on drugs that believes that incarceration is the cure of every ill caused by drug abuse . " "  We will make drug treatment available to as many of our non-violent offenders as we can , " Christie said , "  and we will partner with our citizens to create a society that understands this simple truth : every life has value and no life is disposable . " Is this what ` Jersey-style ' means ? CNN 's Paul Steinhauser , Virginia Nicolaidis , Jake Tapper and Steve Brusk contributed to this report .	Embattled New Jersey governor seeks to sound presidential in inaugural address Christie emphasizes his broad-based support in winning re-election He offers some conservative red meat with more moderate stances A political scandal could undo his 2016 presidential ambitions
CNN  -- Rory McIlroy 's topsy-turvy form continued at the Scottish Open as the former World No. 1 prepares for the British Open next week . McIlroy hit a three-under-par 68 Saturday , a big improvement on Friday 's seven-over-par 78 , but not quite as good as Thursday 's course record 64 . "  It 's important for me going now into Sunday 's last round thinking to myself that I have shot 64 and 68 on this golf course , which are two really good scores , " McIlroy told reporters . "  Friday was just one of those days where nothing really went right . I could n't get any momentum . "  So it would be nice to shoot another good one tomorrow and head to Hoylake with a bit of confidence , " added McIlroy , referring to the venue for the Open . "  I feel good with my game and I say enough positives in there to give me confidence going into the Open . " Briton 's Justin Rose and Marc Warren share the clubhouse lead on 10-under-par , a shot clear of Sweden 's Kristoffer Broberg . While the likes of McIlroy and Phil Mickelson were fine tuning their games at the Royal Aberdeen course , Tiger Woods was busy practicing at Royal Liverpool in Hoylake as he prepares for his first major of the season following back surgery in March . After his practice round on Saturday , the 38-year-old Woods said his slow-paced return to action is paying off . "  The little baby steps worked , " Woods said . "  We were very diligent about what I was doing . Going into it we pushed it pretty hard to get my abs and glutes strong so when I did come back I was able to rebound fast . I can do whatever I want . "  I 've got my speed back , which is nice , and I 'm starting to hit the ball out there again . I 'm only going to get stronger . As the weeks go on , I 'm getting strong and faster . " Park takes lead Meanwhile at the Women 's British Open South Korea 's Park Inbee has a one-shot lead at Royal Birkdale after compatriot Ahn Sun Ju 's title challenge was hit by a two stroke penalty . Park hit a four-under-par 68 putting her a shot ahead of Ahn -- penalized for a bunker rule infringement -- and Norway 's Suzann Pettersen as well as China 's Feng Shanshan . Briton Charley Hull hit the day 's best round -- a six-under-par 66 -- to put her within three shots of Park .	Rory McIlroy rediscovers his form at the Scottish Open McIlroy hit seven-over-par 78 Friday , but back to best with 68 Saturday Tiger Woods busy practicing at British Open venue at Royal Liverpool South Korea 's Park Inbee has one shot lead at Women 's British Open
CNN  -- After my 7-year-old daughter 's sleepover and a few hours before my 9-year-old son 's play date , and just in the middle of quieting my daughter 's whining about her impending piano lesson last Saturday morning , I stumbled upon "  Why Chinese Moms are Superior , " Amy Chua 's Wall Street Journal article that 's created a firestorm . The article was excerpted from her new book , "  Battle Hymn of the Tiger Mother . " Watch Amy Chua defend her methods of parenting Chua , a second generation Chinese American , mother of two and Yale Law School professor , argues that Chinese moms churn out whip-smart kids precisely because they do n't allow childhood frivolity like sleepovers or play dates , along with just about everything else that is social , fun or distracting , including TV , video games , sleepaway camp and auditioning for the school play . They also insist that their children master the violin or piano -- but only those two instruments -- be the top student in every subject with the exception of gym or drama , and receive no grade below an A. Let 's be honest , Western Moms would also relish these dazzling results -- valedictorian and violin virtuosity -- but ca n't imagine themselves , or their kids , committing to the rigid Chinese Mom-style method to guarantee perfection . But more importantly , Western Moms , and in particular working moms , just do n't have the time , energy , or well , discipline . The "  Chinese Mom " theory is that nothing is fun until you 're good at it . And to get good at anything , you have to work hard . "  On their own , " Chua writes , "  Children never want to work , which is why it is crucial to override their preferences . " This is where Western parents fail , she says , by letting our kids give up too quickly . We simply do n't have the fortitude or patience to push through our children 's resistance . Maybe modern day parenting in America has become too permissive . Maybe we 've gotten too soft . We coddle and cajole our children as we gently nudge them passive aggressively to do their chores and their homework . "  Will you please put your clothes away ? " "  Let 's study for your spelling test now , OK ? " "  Sweetie , can you please turn off the TV and do your 15 minutes of assigned homework reading ? " Seriously , 15 minutes . Even that 's positioned as a question , not a demand . Go to any school today with a "  progressive " philosophy and administrators proudly espouse the virtues of addressing the "  whole child " and creating an independent , creative , empathetic individual . These are the buzz words that resonate with Western parents . It 's true , we want happy , well adjusted , well rounded children who will contribute to society . We also buy into the theory that creativity , critical thinking and social skills are essential for future success . Yes , our kids need to excel at algebra , but we want them to not only learn , but to also enjoy learning in a stimulating environment where they can thrive in their own uniqueness . Rote learning is out ; individual exploration is in . Chua condemns these methods as Western foolishness . Drill and kill , practice until perfect -- this is the Chinese Mom way . "  Tenacious practice , practice , practice is crucial for excellence ; rote repetition is underrated in America , " Chua writes . But in our Western style of enjoying and embracing , where children always expect warm fuzzies and trophies , even if they actually stink , have we become parental enablers to laziness and mediocrity ? The Western touchy-feely approach runs counter to the Chinese Mom philosophy . Chua claims that heaping shame and ridicule on her children drives them to success . In her world , insults motivate . Praise only comes with perfection . Weak discipline creates failure . "  You are garbage ! " Chua once screamed at her daughter Sophia . For Chinese moms , a less-than-perfect child is a disgrace to the family , a slap-in-the-face to the parents -- utter shame . After all , Chinese moms are in the trenches , toiling for hours to ensure excellence -- anything short becomes almost pathologically personal . Western moms just do n't get this . Maybe it 's because we are not as wholly entrenched . How can we be ? We simply do n't have time . Do we want our children to succeed academically ? Absolutely . Do we encourage musical competence ? Sure . But the Western moms I know , particularly working mothers , have neither the desire nor time to run such an extreme household . After a day at the office , the last thing a working mom wants to do is come home and turn into the drill sergeant . Getting kids to do their homework is challenging enough , but tacking on extra hours of mom-generated exercises ? Not happening . So this is why we outsource . It 's more practical and better for everyone to have our kids tutored by anyone but us : college students , teachers , or even folks at any of the multitude of educational centers that have sprouted across the country . We 're not lazy ; we 're just exhausted . And during the time we do have to spend at home with our kids , we 'd rather not battle . There are also soccer and baseball games to get to . I think Western moms are a little envious of at least part of the Chinese mom method . The academic excellence and tightly wound discipline and parental respect are breathtaking , if not a little frightening . But what is the end game ? Your child prodigy performing at Carnegie Hall at age 14 as Amy Chua 's daughter did ? Maybe that was worth missing all of the sleepovers and play dates and summer camp , but then again , maybe not .	Mom Wendy Sachs reacts to Amy Chua 's editorial on superiority of Chinese moms She says U.S. working mothers have neither the desire nor time to run an extreme household "  It 's more practical and better for everyone to have kids tutored by anyone but us "
Paris  CNN  -- Police in France have arrested a man in connection with the killing of three Kurdish activists in Paris this month , prosecutors said Monday . The suspect , Omer Guney , is a 30-year-old Turkish national who , prosecutors said , has been a member of the Kurdish nationalist PKK for two years -- the same group co-founded by one of the victims . The activists ' apparent assassination earlier this month sparked shock in the Kurdish community . Mystery had swirled around the slayings , with no claim of responsibility or any indication from authorities as to who might have pulled the trigger . The fact that one of the women was a founding member of the PKK , the Kurdish Workers ' Party -- a group viewed by Turkey , the United States and others as a terror organization -- led to heightened speculation . The killings come at a delicate time for Kurds in Turkey , where analysts say the government has recently entered into talks with Kurdish leaders -- among them the jailed head of the PKK , Abdullah Ocalan . Analysts have suggested the attack could have been an attempt to derail a nascent peace process in what is one of the Middle East 's longest-running conflicts . The PKK , a pan-Kurdish nationalist movement , is best known internationally for the guerrilla war it has fought for nearly three decades against the government of Turkey , a conflict that has claimed more than 40,000 lives . The ethnic Kurdish population extends across parts of Turkey , Syria , Iran and Iraq . Last week thousands took to the streets in the predominantly Kurdish city of Diyarbakir , Turkey , to mourn the activists ' deaths . The women were saluted as the "  three flowers of Kurdistan " by a mourner using a sound system atop a bus , while some carried portraits of the victims or signs reading "  Sakine Cansiz is immortal . " Cansiz , one of the three killed , was a co-founder of the PKK . Also killed were Leyla Sonmez and Fidan Dogan . French authorities said the bodies of the three women were discovered in the Information Center of Kurdistan in Paris . After the killings , French Interior Minister Manuel Valls told reporters in Paris the three women had been "  without doubt executed " and described the killings as "  totally unacceptable . " CNN 's Dheepthi Namasivayam , Laura Smith-Spark , Ivan Watson , Alexander Felton and Gul Tuysuz contributed to this report .	Prosecutors say the suspect is a Turkish national The killing of three activists earlier this month shocked the Kurdish community Last week thousands took to the streets in Turkey to mourn the slayings
TIME.com  -- On the first day back to school after 20 first-graders and six adults died at a Connecticut elementary school , students at a Utah middle school gathered to discuss the massacre . A boy raised his hand . "  The reason why this man shot little kids is because he has autism , " he said . Tricia Nelson 's seventh-grade son was at the assembly . He 's shy , not the kind of child apt to speak in public , but his hand darted up in response . "  Autism does n't make people shoot other people , " he said . At 12 , Nelson 's son is somewhat of an expert on autism . His younger brother , who is 10 , has a severe form of the neurodevelopmental disorder . He does n't speak and he attends a school for special needs . But he is not violent , said his older brother ; he would not kill anyone . Amid unconfirmed media reports that alleged gunman Adam Lanza , 20 , had Asperger 's , a high-functioning form of autism marked by social awkwardness , autism experts are mobilizing to combat misconceptions about the condition . Parents are reaching out to school principals to ensure that students with autism are n't being taunted . Advocates have issued statements disavowing any link between autism and premeditated aggression . And children -- more often than not the siblings of kids who have autism -- are standing up for others . TIME.com : Behavior therapy normalizes brains of autistic children "  He was in tears when he was telling me what happened , " says Nelson of her older son . She is an events organizer for Autism Speaks , the world 's largest autism research and advocacy group . "  He said , ` This boy is going to spread rumors . ' " After Nelson 's son spoke up , a teacher seconded his comments . She urged the students not to make assumptions . Yet as the country struggles to come to grips with the loss of life at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown , Connecticut , people with autism are finding themselves the focus of misunderstanding and more than a little scrutiny . Calls and emails to Autism Speaks ' hotline are up 130 % since Friday 's shooting as worried parents wonder how to channel their concern . In an effort to address possible backlash against people who have autism , this week Autism Speaks plans to release formal suggestions for how to educate school leaders , teachers and friends about the characteristics of children with the condition . "  We 've had a number of families say their children 's classmates have said , ' I hear the shooter has autism , and does n't your brother or sister have autism ? ' " says Peter Bell , Autism Speaks ' executive vice president for programs and services . "  It seems like they 're wanting to put the blame squarely on the fact that the shooter may have had autism . This rush to put a label on the situation has caused significant harm already . " TIME.com : Using brain activity patterns to identify autism in kids as young as 2 To dispel misunderstandings , developmental experts are trying to share accurate information about autism spectrum disorders . Poor social skills , trouble communicating and repetitive behaviors are all hallmarks of autism , but there 's no correlation with violence , says pediatric neuropsychologist Michelle Dunn , director of Montefiore Medical Center 's Neurology and Autism Center in the Bronx . "  Even if  Lanza  had Asperger 's , it would n't explain his behavior , " says Dunn . "  In terms of premeditation and how horrific this act was , there is absolutely no association . " People with autism can get easily frustrated , especially when their routines are disrupted . They may yell and scream , throw themselves on the floor or punch something . But it 's important to publicly reject any connection with planned violence , says Dunn . But a widely circulated essay , "  I Am Adam Lanza 's Mother , " by Liza Long , is making that message harder to convey . In the post , Long shared her complex relationship with her 13-year-old mentally ill son , who loves Harry Potter and stuffed animals but has also threatened her with a knife on countless occasions . As her story made the Internet rounds , autism advocates rushed to point out that autism is a brain-related developmental problem and not a mental illness . TIME.com : The backlash against ' I am Adam Lanza 's Mother ' The former chairwoman of the Newtown school board has also expressed dismay , noting that some of the murdered teachers had worked with kids with special needs , including children with autism who attend Sandy Hook . In a survey sent Monday to 31,000 parents who are members of MyAutismTeam , a social network that serves as a Facebook for parents who have children with the condition , 30 % indicated that they 're worried their children will be treated differently by teachers and other students in the aftermath of Sandy Hook . They 're also nervous that bullying -- kids with autism are already disproportionately targeted -- will increase . "  To have this association to mass murder pinned to them is like putting another target on their heads , " says Christine Pasour , the mother of an 11-year-old son with Asperger 's . High-functioning teens with autism are also perplexed . On Monday , Dunn got a call from a mother who wanted to make an appointment for her 17-year-old son , who has been getting questioned by classmates . "  Some of these kids who know their diagnosis are asking the question , ` Could I turn out to be violent too ? ' " says Dunn . "  He is very worried about himself . " On message boards and social networks , parents are offering strategies for confronting the uncertainty . Discussing autistic kids ' quirky or unusual behavior candidly with school leaders and classmates can help , they suggest . Pasour posted on MyAutismTeam that she 'd read "  some horrible , horrible " comments on various news sites about Lanza 's reported Asperger 's diagnosis . "  Keep in mind that this may be the first time many Americans will even hear about Asperger 's ... This has the potential of creating horrible bullying situations for our kids . " Her son has been home sick with the flu , but when he returns to school Wednesday , Pasour , from Dallas , North Carolina , plans to ask his principal and teachers to "  keep their ear to the ground " to make sure no one is saying anything inappropriate . It comes down to education , says Pasour . "  Children have an amazing ability to grow and to learn and to be empathetic , " she says . "  Either they learn ignorance and hate or they learn love and compassion . " TIME.com : Can a baby 's cry be a clue to autism ? This story was originally published on TIME.com . Guilt by association : Troubling legacy of Sandy Hook may be backlash against children with autism & copy 2012 TIME , Inc. . TIME is a registered trademark of Time Inc. . Used with permission .	There are reports alleged Connecticut gunman Adam Lanza had a form of autism Parents are reaching out to principals to make sure kids with autism are n't being targeted People with autism are battling misunderstanding and feeling scrutinized
Britain 's Prince Harry made no mention of his recent Las Vegas shenanigans when he spoke at a charity awards dinner in London on Monday . At least , not directly . The 27-year-old prince spoke at the annual awards gala of the British charity WellChild , which helps seriously ill children and their families throughout the United Kingdom . Harry , who is patron of the charity , said he is always humbled by the inspirational stories of the winners and finds it difficult to describe how remarkable they are . "  But never one to be shy in coming forward , I give it a go , " Harry said . After a few nervous giggles in the audience , Harry laughed , and the whole room then laughed with him . UK tabloid prints naked Prince Harry pictures It was nearly two weeks ago that pictures emerged of the prince partying naked in a Las Vegas hotel suite . First published on celebrity gossip website TMZ , the pictures soon made their way to newspapers and news sites around the world . Buckingham Palace confirmed the photos were of the prince and said they were taken while he was on a private holiday before resuming his military duties . He is a captain in the British Army . Harry knows he is no stranger to controversy , having landed in hot water with scandals in the past . But Monday night he was back to the business of being a royal , wearing a crisp blue suit , listening intently to the speeches on stage and being gracious to the hosts and honorees . There was one joke at Harry 's expense that appeared to go unnoticed , however : As Harry presented awards to two of the charity 's "  Most Inspirational " children , the loudspeakers played the song "  The Bare Necessities " from Disney 's "  The Jungle Book . " A tale of two brothers : Harry vs. William	Prince speaks at the annual awards gala of the British charity WellChild Recently , pictures emerged of the prince partying naked in a Las Vegas hotel Harry 's speech makes indirect reference to the pictures
CNN  -- If there was ever a time to doubt the prognosticating abilities of Punxsutawney Phil , this might be it . Last month , the legendary Pennsylvania groundhog failed to see his shadow , thereby predicting an early spring . But at this point , people in the Rockies and Midwest would have been happy if it felt like spring when the season officially began -- on Wednesday -- as winter wo n't go quietly . Much of Colorado was pummeled with snow Saturday , causing travel-related and assorted other headaches . In the eastern part of the state , white-out conditions prompted authorities to close 154 miles of Interstate 70 from Denver to the Kansas line . And those wishing to fly out of Denver International Airport just had to wait . About 45 miles north of Denver , Interstate 25 northbound shut down Saturday afternoon after a weather-related incident ensnared 20 to 50 vehicles that either crashed or spun off the roadway , the Colorado State Patrol reports . Flames engulfed a semi-tanker caught up in the mess , which also affected at least four tractor-trailer trucks . Video posted on CNN affiliate KUSA 's website showed the burning tanker , with parts of two cars pinned underneath . That part of the highway stayed closed until 4:30 p.m.  6:30 p.m. ET  . Even then , the Colorado Department of Transportation warned drivers that there were still "  high winds and poor visibility in the area . " Weather groundhog Phil ` indicted , ' accused of lying But at least folks in Colorado can take solace in the fact the snow should stop Saturday night . The same can not be said for points east , from Kansas and far beyond . While they 're expire soon in the Centennial State , winter storm warnings will be in effect for four other states through , in some spots , Sunday night . The fun has already started in parts of Kansas and Nebraska , with the snowstorm expected to roll over the Great Plains between interstate highways 70 and 80 , according to CNN meteorologist Karen Maginnis . Kansas City and St. Louis , for instance , are among those cities facing winter storm warnings thanks to snow that could fall through late Sunday . The system will continue to barrel east from there , dumping snow on Louisville , Kentucky , and , by Monday , possibly on Washington , D.C. , Maginnis said . And it 's not just a matter of snow . In many locations , the storm will kick off as rain before temperatures cool and it changes to snow -- with other precipitation permutations such as sleet possible . Add in winds that could gust up to 40 mph , it equates to a big wintry mess -- whatever the calendar says . You call this spring ? "  I do n't think this will be one for the record books , but it is definitely going to add some interest this weekend and to the work week , " Maginnis said . Winter weather overstays its welcome	NEW : I-25 in northern Colorado reopens , though visibility is still poor , a state agency says A burning semi-tanker was among 20-50 vehicles involved in wrecks there Part of Interstate 70 was also shut down , as Colorado got hit hard by the spring snowstorm The storm is now heading into the Midwest and could eventually hit Washington
In recent days , Bitcoins have enjoyed a media buzz as the value of one Bitcoin jumped on several Bitcoin exchanges to more than $ 200 per Bitcoin . But by Wednesday , it fell to $ 105 . Bitcoins are an attempt at creating an electronic currency that is beyond the control of any government . They are created through a digital mining system , in which digital "  miners " are granted Bitcoins by using their computers to do computations that verify Bitcoin transactions . Pretty clever . With allegedly strict rules on the creation of Bitcoins , the money supply is limited . Theoretically , no government can water down the Bitcoin with any type of quantitative easing . As a result , Bitcoins seem to present the best of all possible worlds -- the convenience of modern digital payment technology and the stability of a fixed money supply . Fearmongers point out that banks are no longer safe as government authorities in the European Union have signaled their willingness to confiscate funds from even insured depositors . Those fearing the collapse of their local currency or their local banking system wo n't have to lug around hunks of metal as a way to store their wealth . Why not turn to Bitcoins ? The near anonymity built into the Bitcoin system keeps funds away from the prying eyes of tax collectors , who are getting ever better at shutting down tax havens . This potential for anonymity makes the currency ideal for drug smugglers , terrorists and money launderers , as well as the merely paranoid . So are Bitcoins the currency of the future ? I think not . No one really knows who is really behind Bitcoins , as the creator is just a pseudonym Satoshi Nakamoto . That in itself should be a huge red flag . I would certainly not trust my life savings to some mysterious computer algorithm created by shadowy anonymous characters in a system that attracts underworld types . One of the self-proclaimed largest Bitcoin exchanges is Mt. Gox . The name originally stood for Magic : The Gathering Exchange , an online site designed to trade cards used in playing the card game popular with the younger set . An exchange based on trading kiddy cards does not seem like a sound foundation for a monetary system . There is no government regulating participants in the system to prevent fraud and abuse . I would not be surprised if the Bitcoin mining software becomes a magnet for computer viruses . After all , the tax evaders , drug dealers and terrorists attracted to Bitcoin would not be likely to cooperate with authorities when they have been hacked and robbed . It would be close to the perfect crime to create a pseudomonetary system that rips off other evildoers . Just be careful when the bad guys find out where you live . Even if the system is not one big scam designed to enrich its shadowy creators , it can be hacked and can break like any technology . The authorities wo n't be too eager to help out Bitcoin-based financial enterprises when they get in trouble , just as they were all too eager to punish the depositors of the Cyprus banks storing questionable funds from Russian oligarchs . Rather than being a safe place to keep money , the exchange rate of Bitcoins relative to other global currencies has fluctuated wildly . The recent jumps on price give all of the impression of being a bubble that could soon pop . If Bitcoin ever could establish itself as a legitimate payment scheme , which I doubt , it 's hard to tell what the appropriate exchange rates should be with respect to other currencies . Bitcoins are not the first attempt to create digital money . Other ventures , such as Cybercash , have come and gone , as well as various attempts to create local currencies . Governments do n't like the competition . Managing a currency is a very profitable activity for governments , and they depend on seignorage -- the profit stemming from printing money -- in various degrees to cover budget deficits . Indeed , one can always pay the troops by printing more almost worthless money , as the U.S. did in the American Revolution and Robert Mugabe did in Zimbabwe . One can expect governments to throw up legal roadblocks to prevent such competition from cutting into the lucrative business of printing money . Moreover , it would not be good for the global economic system to have a totally fixed money supply . A growing economy needs a money supply that grows at the same rate to keep prices stable . Much as we love to criticize the governmental entities that control the monetary system , it does help to have some human judgment  armed with a checkbook  involved to deal with crises . Our banking system is as safe as it is because there are lenders of last resort who can create more money in a crisis to protect the entire system from collapsing in a liquidity crisis . Iceland and Cyprus have discovered how painful it is to have a banking system without such a deep pocket lender of last resort . A financial system based on Bitcoins would have no possibility of there being such a backstop . In short , Bitcoins look like quite a bit of trouble .	Bitcoins have enjoyed a media buzz as the value of one Bitcoin jumped as high as $ 200 James Angel : Bitcoins are an attempt to create an electronic currency He says even if the system is not one big scam , it can be hacked like any technology Angel : The currency is ideal for drug smugglers , terrorists and money launderers
CNN  -- A 25-year-old woman has been charged with first-degree murder in the California death of a deployed Marine 's wife , San Diego County authorities said Friday . Jessica Lynn Lopez , 25 , was being held Friday after she pleaded not guilty at her arraignment a day earlier and her bail was set at $ 3 million , said Steve Walker , a spokesman for the San Diego County district attorney . The investigation into the murder of Brittany Killgore , 22 , is ongoing and additional charges could be filed , Walker told CNN Friday . Marine Staff Sgt. Luis Ray Perez , 45 , who was on a date with Killgore when she was last seen alive a week ago , was charged earlier this week with two felonies unrelated to Killgore 's death -- receiving stolen property and possession of an assault weapon -- and he has pleaded not guilty , authorities said . If convicted , Lopez would face 25 years to life in prison ; Perez would face up to three years if convicted , Walker said . The San Diego County Sheriff 's Department said this week that Perez was being "  actively investigated " in connection with Killgore 's death . "  We believe he knows more than what he initially told us , " said Sheriff 's Capt. Duncan Fraser . "  We do not believe he is being cooperative with us . " Killgore , 22 , was seen last Friday night when she left her apartment wearing an evening dress , heading out on the date with Perez , who is based at Camp Pendleton in San Diego County , investigators said . Perez was questioned after a friend filed a missing person report for Killgore and he was later arrested on charges of possession of a stolen assault rifle , authorities said . Investigators later found Killgore 's body in a rural part of neighboring Riverside County . Authorities have not said how she died . Lopez 's relationship to Killgore has been unclear . CNN affiliate KGTV in San Diego reported that authorities found Killgore 's body based on leads stemming from Lopez 's arrest . Lopez was found at a Ramada motel near the San Diego airport Tuesday after paramedics responded to a call for medical help . She was briefly hospitalized with lacerations and then jailed on suspicion of Killgore 's murder . Killgore had recently filed for divorce from her husband , Marine Lance Cpl. Cory Killgore , who was serving with an artillery unit in Afghanistan 's Helmand Province , investigators said . He was granted an emergency leave to return to the United States when he learned his wife was missing . San Diego County District Attorney Bonnie M. Dumanis issued a statement saying : "  This is an ongoing investigation and , as the county 's top prosecutor , my responsibility is to protect the integrity of the case , ensure a thorough investigation , and ultimately hold those responsible in a court of law . "	Jessica Lynn Lopez , 25 , pleads not guilty to a murder charge in San Diego County Brittany Killgore 's body is found in a rural part of neighboring Riverside County She recently filed for divorce from her Marine husband , who was in Afghanistan Another Marine is also being investigated in the case , authorities say
Fort Meade , Maryland  CNN  -- Prosecutors say a 25-year-old Army private accused of aiding the nation 's enemies through the largest leak of classified information in U.S. history "  craved " notoriety . The defense on Monday painted Pfc. Bradley Manning as "  naive but good-intentioned . " So began the first day of the former intelligence analyst 's court-martial at Fort Meade in Maryland . It could be the beginning of the end of a saga that began three years ago when thousands of classified Afghanistan and Iraq war documents appeared on WikiLeaks.com . Some of the U.S. documents that appeared on WikiLeaks were shared and then analyzed and reported on by major news outlets such as The New York Times , the UK newspaper the Guardian and Germany 's der Spiegel . Though WikiLeaks ' founder , Julian Assange , has grabbed much of the international media spotlight since that time , Manning 's trial has fanned debate . Is he a hero or a traitor ? In February , Manning pleaded guilty to 10 of the 22 charges he faced and could be sentenced to two decades in prison on those charges . But he has not admitted to the most serious count -- aiding the enemies of the United States . If convicted on that count , he could go to prison for life . In an hourlong opening statement Monday , prosecutor Capt. Joe Morrow said Manning had access and incentive to provide information to the enemy , including information later found in Osama bin Laden 's hideout . He said the government will provide evidence that material al Qaeda operators had delivered to bin Laden can be traced to Manning 's illicit downloading and transmission to WikiLeaks . Morrow also said Manning helped WikiLeaks edit the cockpit video from a U.S. helicopter gunship attack that killed about a dozen people in Iraq , including two Reuters photojournalists , in 2007 . An Army aviator will testify how the video can be useful to adversaries , Morrow said . The video showed Reuters photographer Saeed Chmagh had survived an initial strafing by the gunship , but he apparently died when the fliers opened fire on people attempting to get him off the sidewalk where he lay . A U.S. investigation into the attack found that the crew mistook the journalists ' cameras for weapons while seeking out insurgents who had been firing at American troops in the area . Morrow said disclosures such as the video and other documents WikiLeaks released represented "  potentially actionable information for targeting U.S. forces . " And he said Manning , who appeared in court in his full-dress uniform , "  used his military training to gain the notoriety he craved . " The prosecutor showed slides as part of his statement . The first slide was said to be a quote from a message Manning once posted , using the instant message handle "  bradass87 . " "  If you had unprecedented access to classified networks 14 hours a day 7 days a week for 8 + months , what would you do ? " it read . That is purportedly part of a string of instant messages that a person -- alleged to be Manning -- sent to ex-hacker Adrian Lamo . Manning , who was based in Iraq , allegedly instant-messaged Lamo and , over a period of days , said that he had accessed documents . Lamo has said he reported Manning to authorities . Prosecutors also said Monday that they plan to call forensic experts who recovered chat logs from computers , purported conversations between Manning and Assange , that will allegedly show how they worked together . The government 's case hopes to convince the military judge that Manning , an intelligence analyst , "  systematically harvested 700,000 government documents , and attempted to hide what he was doing . " Soldier 's supporters Manning 's supporters have adopted the phrase : "  I am Bradley Manning . " One of the country 's most famous leakers , Daniel Ellsberg , who leaked the Pentagon Papers , says Manning should be viewed as a hero . The Pentagon Papers showed that the government had lied to Congress and the public about the progress of the Vietnam War . Ellsberg provided all 7,000 pages to The New York Times , which published them in 1971 . During the February hearing , Manning spent more than an hour reading a statement that detailed why and how he sent classified material to WikiLeaks . He said he passed on information that "  upset " or "  disturbed " him but he did n't give WikiLeaks anything he thought would harm the United States if it were made public . "  I believed if the public was aware of the data , it would start a public debate of the wars , " he told the court . On Monday , Manning 's civilian lawyer , David Coombs , told the military judge his client lives by a philosophy that values life , and that he had a custom-made inscription with the word "  humanist , " on the back of his dog tags . "  He 's 22 , excited to be in Iraq , hopefully to make Iraq a safer place , " Coombs said , characterizing his client 's mindset as he began his deployment . But Manning became deeply affected by an attack on a convoy with his comrades . A roadside bomb exploded beneath a car full of civilians that had pulled aside to let the military vehicles pass . Although members of his 305th Military Intelligence Battalion were not hurt , Coombs said , at least one civilian was killed . That changed Manning 's outlook on the war , his lawyer said . He "  struggled . " Manning was affected by knowing that civilians were hurt while trying to getting out of the way of the U.S. convoy . Manning then started selecting information to reveal , believing that it would be better if it were public , Coombs said . Coombs said his client was selective in the information he diverted from a controlled-access computer system where he worked as an "  all source " intelligence analyst . That includes U.S. State Department cables that WikiLeaks published . The diplomatic messages , Manning felt , "  showed how we dealt with other countries , how we valued life , and how we did n't , " Coombs said in court Monday . "  Unfortunately , in his youth , he did n't think we  the United States  always did the right thing . " Memory card from an aunt 's computer Military officials at Fort Meade say the spectators in the courtroom Monday included Manning 's aunt and a cousin . Prosecutors said investigators recovered a computer memory card from the aunt 's home in Potomac , Maryland . The government said it contained classified information that Manning downloaded , and that forensic analysts would testify how they traced it back to him . Also among the spectators Monday was Medea Benjamin , a co-founder of the activist group Code Pink , who recently disrupted a presidential speech to protest conditions for detainees the U.S. holds at the Navy base at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . Manning is accused of downloading and transmitting hundreds of detainee assessments conducted at Guantanamo . Prosecutors say investigators recovered chat logs in which Manning later discusses the value of those reports with Assange . Prosecutors plan to call several forensic investigators as witnesses . In his statement in February , Manning said he initially contacted The Washington Post and The New York Times to offer information . He said he either was n't taken seriously or got voice mail , so he gave the material to WikiLeaks . WikiLeaks has never confirmed that Manning was the source of its information . Protests before the trial On Saturday , Manning 's supporters rallied outside Fort Meade . "  People came from great distances to stand with a true American hero , " said Jeff Paterson , director of the Bradley Manning Support Network . "  From Bradley 's demeanor in court , it 's clear he takes strength from the outpouring of support . " Manning was formally charged in February 2012 . On the eve of the court-martial , his lawyer , Coombs , issued a rare public statement through his website . He thanked those who raised money and awareness over the past three years , bringing "  worldwide attention to this important case . " 2012 : Prosecutors say Manning did n't report any mistreatment to them CNN 's Paul Courson reported from Fort Meade and Ashley Fantz wrote in Atlanta . CNN 's Carol Cratty , Larry Shaughnessy and Mark Morgenstein contributed to this report .	Pfc. Bradley Manning 's lawyer calls his client "  naive " and says he "  struggled " in Iraq Manning is accused in the largest leak of classified documents in U.S. history In February , he pleaded guilty to 10 of the 22 charges against him He did not plead guilty to the most serious charge -- that of aiding U.S. enemies
London  CNN  Time 's running out for Britons to decide who they 'll back , as polling booths prepare to open across the country in an election that could change the political landscape . It 's been a blink-and-you-miss-it campaign , especially by U.S. standards , where candidates can take years to finesse their messages . The election could result in the handing of power from David Cameron 's Conservative government to the Labour Party , led by Ed Miliband -- or a frenzy of wrangling from leaders as they attempt to forge alliances with smaller parties . But that 's all to come when polls close late Thursday evening , local time . Very strict rules govern the reporting of UK elections , but until they kick in , here are some things you should know -- who are the candidates , what are the issues , who 's likely to win , why bacon sandwiches matter , what is "  UKIP " and , if the Queen is n't in charge , what does she do ? The Queen does n't run Britain Before we get on to the candidates , let 's dispel one common misconception . Queen Elizabeth II is officially Britain 's head of state , but she 's only nominally in charge . She signs off on legislation and appoints new prime ministers but has no real power , so no beheadings but maybe a few disapproving stares . Officially , she 's politically neutral . The closest she apparently comes to expressing opinion is -- savor this image -- "  purring " like a cat . Visit : Windsor Castle , the Queen 's country residence  Windsor and Maidenhead ; +44 20 7766 7304  , royalcollection.org.uk / visit/windsorcastle So who are they voting for ? Duh , they 're voting for a new prime minister . Well , actually no . In presidential elections Americans vote in each state for "  electors , " who support the candidate they want to lead the country . But in a UK parliamentary the vote is more indirectly aimed at appointing a new government . Voters put their "  X " next to the local stooge/aspiring public servant from whichever political party they support . Votes are tallied by constituencies -- political fiefdoms , really -- some of which date back centuries to when Britain was run by barons , or maybe even elves -- each with a seat in parliament . The party that wins most seats then gets to say who becomes prime minister , pending the final thumbs up from Her Majesty . Of course , in reality , people may be swayed by party figureheads and see voting as a direct endorsement of their leadership , personality or -- true things -- their ability to eat bacon sandwiches and point at fish . Visit : Hampstead Heath -- a beautiful north London green space that lies partly within the Hampstead and Kilburn constituency , likely to be one of the most hotly contested of the election .  South Hill Park Gardens , London ; +44 20 7332 3322  . Is that a fair system ? Kinda . But also kinda not , since it means a party can easily win power without winning the most votes . That 's because Britain 's elections are run on a "  first-past-the-post " basis . It 's an analogy that highlights how similar British politics is to horse racing , just with fewer doping scandals . Here 's how it works : The elected parliament consists of 650 seats , each representing a different number of constituents -- anywhere between 21,000 and 110,000 . Only the candidate who wins most votes in each constituency gets a seat . No prizes for second place . Of course there have been reform demands from smaller parties stiffed by the system , but since they never win against the two main parties , they 're powerless to change anything . The centrist Liberal Democrats , for instance , had 6.8 million votes  23 % of the total  at the last election , but won just 57 seats . The Conservatives claimed 307 with just 10.7 million votes . Visit : Luskentyre beach , Isle of Harris . The stunning islands of the Outer Hebrides , off the western coast of mainland Scotland , are part of the UK 's smallest constituency by voter numbers . visitscotland.com/info/towns-villages/luskentyre-sands So who 's going to win ? British elections are typically viewed as a two-horse race -- an analogy that highlights how similar they are to races involving two horses , only with fewer horses . The prime candidates are incumbent David Cameron , head of the center-right Conservatives , and Ed Miliband , leader of the center-left Labour Party . Opinion polls say there 's no clear favorite . That 'll mean -- as it did in 2010 -- that the spoils of victory could be claimed by whoever can successfully horse  yes , horse  trade to build a majority coalition alongside smaller parties . If that happens , eyes will be on the smaller parties including the Scottish National Party , the Liberal Democrats and the upstart UK Independence Party . UKIP 's leader Nigel Farage is a political outsider who 's won support for being anti-immigration , anti-Europe and pro-beer . His party is n't expected to win many seats , but it could result in some unlikely romancing -- as the last vote did when the LibDems hopped into bed with the Conservatives , much to the anger of some supporters . Visit : Ascot Racecourse . Enough with the horse analogies already . Check out the real thing at the Queen 's favorite track . High Street , Ascot , West Berkshire , ascot.co.uk What are the issues ? There 's the future of Britain 's cherished yet financially challenged National Health Service -- the free medicare system that 's undergone so many botched political procedures in recent years , it can barely bring itself to take off the bandages . UKIP 's rise has spurred uncomfortable cross-party pledges to beef up controls to end decades of population-swelling immigration , a concern , apparently , among Britain 's descendants of Viking , Norman , Roman and Anglo-Saxon invaders . There 's the economy -- how to tackle Britain 's budget deficit and foster financial recovery  without relying on the cheap immigrant labor that the politicians want to stop entering . And there 's Europe -- another UKIP-generated issue that has forced the main parties into posturing against the European Union , even though many supporters suspect withdrawing would be disastrous , not just for the economy , but for future fish-pointing opportunities . Visit : The White Cliffs of Dover , a potent symbol that marks Britain 's frontier with the rest of the world . Dover , Kent ; +44 1304 207326 , whitecliffsofdover.co.uk Think this all sounds too boring for words ? You 're not the only one , which is a major problem for the politicians seeking election . Political apathy is on the rise in the UK , with many younger voters expressing disillusionment with party leaders they say are out of touch and barely distinguishable from one another , even if one "  looks like a panda " and the other a "  pink condom . " It does n't help the politicians ' cause when popular comedians such as Russell Brand denounce voting in favor of an as-yet unspecified "  revolution . " However , he later changed his mind after meeting Miliband , and urged people to vote Labour . Still , UK elections are n't without their entertainment -- most notably provided by fringe candidates . From 1963 until 1995 , a feature of every vote count was Screaming Lord Sutch , an odd-looking pop star whose Official Monster Raving Loony Party campaigned for many lost causes that later became reality , such as commercial radio and the scrapping of dog licenses . In the 2010 election other eccentric candidates included Lord Biro , who campaigned on policies that included the appointment of Bono as Pope . Mad Cap'n Tom also pledged to train schoolchildren in "  swordsmanship and gunnery " by imposing a 50 % tax on downloads of Cheryl Cole songs "  because I hate Cheryl Cole . " Whatever their motivation , come election night when they get their moment on stage with serious political rivals , they often get better laughs than Brand . Visit : Margate . This charming English seaside town is where Farage will be standing for election . Among his opponents is Al Murray -- a comedian whose boorish stage character , "  Pub Landlord , " shares many of the UKIP leader 's views .  +44 1843 577577  , visitthanet.co.uk / destinations/margate	Everything you need to know about how the UK election really works Things like : The candidates , the issues , who 's likely to win , the importance of bacon sandwiches Plus , if the Queen is n't in charge , what does she do ?
New York  CNN  -- "  Inspiration exists , " runs a famous quote attributed to Spanish artist Pablo Picasso . "  It just has to find us working . " And at the Maker Faire , which took place in the grounds of the New York Hall of Science recently , there was plenty of evidence of that hard work . The Maker Faire is a glorious celebration of nerdiness . When exhibitors are n't talking excitedly about Ram or Javascript , or the correct proportion of catalyst to reactant in the conversion of vegetable oil to biofuel , they are showcasing the truly incredible benefits to be reaped from locking yourself away in your room or garden shed for years on end . Brian Patton , for example , a middle school teacher from Trenton , New Jersey , has spent his time building a singing robot . With pipe cleaners for eyebrows and doll 's eyes , the robot is synched to a computer program that Patton wrote himself and allows him to control 17 tiny motors that alter the features of the animatronic face . He moves the features of the face in time to the song by moving a mouse and records each motor individually . The recordings can be played back simultaneously to get the full effect . Watch Erno Rubik on Make , Create , Innovate on Tuesday October 9 on Quest Means Business The e-puppeteer has an application in mind for his creation -- a teaching aid for children with autism . "  There is already quite a lot of anecdotal evidence that autistic kids respond better to robots than to adults , " Patton says . "  The robot could be a sort of surrogate teacher for them . They could learn by singing along with it . " Not all the musical performances at the fair were as complex as Patton 's robots , and some of the best innovations on display were the most simple . Read more : ` Li-Fi ' provides a light bulb moment for wireless web It 's surprisingly easy to turn vegetable oil into biofuel as Ben Jorritsma , from Sussex County , New Jersey demonstrated . Collecting used vegetable oil from local restaurants to make biofuel at his family farm , Jorritsma claims to make enough to power 20 tractors . "  Most of the production cost is for the methanol , which is used as the reactant , " explained Jorristsma . "  You need potassium hydroxide as a catalyst . Basically all you 're doing is breaking apart polymers to thin the oil down so that it wo n't clog your engine . " Sponsored by "  Make Magazine , " the Maker Faire began in San Mateo , California in 2006 and has since spawned events in Detroit and San Francisco -- which attracted 100,000 visitors last year . Read more : $ 30 gadget lets you control computer with your eyes This is the third time the show has come to New York where it received the endorsement of Mayor Michael Bloomberg , who declared the week leading up to this year 's fair "  Maker Week " in the city . One of the best things about the event is the spirit of openness that seems to pervade , with exhibitors incredibly generous about sharing their hard-earned knowledge . Special FX expert Marc Fields , for example , hosted a seminar explaining some of the how-tos of creating movie props . He showed how paints containing powdered metal can be splashed with acid to create metal oxides that give the effect of natural rusting , and how to make fake tree bark from a mold ingeniously colored using carpet scrapings . "  I want people to see that they could go home and do a lot of this stuff themselves , " said Fields , who has built props for enclosures at the Bronx Zoo and worked on Hollywood movies such as "  Cold Mountain . " This DIY ethos is probably the strongest theme binding all the participants . Near the end of the day , I meet Jason Naumoff , an event organizer based outside San Francisco . A few years ago , Naumoff put together a competition that offered entrants the chance to build a machine in just 72 hours from "  conception to reality . " Now sponsored by the energy drink maker Red Bull , the theme of this year 's competition was "  games " and included a centrifuge made with a golf cart engine that spun players at up to five times the force of gravity . "  When you leave people to their own devices and do n't constrain them , the results are mind-blowing , " Naumoff said .	Maker Faire in New York provides a platform for inventors to showcase their ingenious ideas Organized by "  Make Magazine , " the exhibition attracts many DIY inventors and thousands of visitors Vast array of ideas and projects on display from animatronic robots to special effects masterclasses
With names like Chanel , Louis Vuitton and Yves Saint Laurent under its belt , it 's little wonder Paris has earned a reputation as one of the fashion capitals of the world . If "  French chic " has become synonymous with the elegance , grace and style of its country 's powerhouse fashion labels and catwalk shows , this weekend that glamor will be out in force on a very different type of track -- the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe . Your average horse race this is not . While Britain 's Royal Ascot often displays images of Tango-colored ladies kicking off their heels , their French counterparts take a distinctly more demure approach to a day at the races . "  French dressing is less spectacular than Ascot , it 's less extroverted , " Arc spokesman Julien Pescatore said . "  The French style is very classic . It 's about elegance , beauty and glamor . " Such was the clampdown on decorum at this year 's Royal Ascot , organizers went to the extent of publishing style guides for race-goers . Ladies were advised that all dresses were to be of "  modest " length -- defined as "  falling just above the knee or longer . " Shorts and shoulderless dresses were also deemed a non-no . While Parisian race-goers adhere to a more classic style , one fashion accessory appears universal -- the obligatory outrageous hat . "  The hat is an essential element of the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe , " says Pescatore . "  It started in the 1920s as a way to convey some eccentricity , to do some showing-off . Today that might mean a hat with the Eiffel Tower on top . " Set on the picturesque Longchamp racecourse in Paris , "  the Arc , " as it is known , prides itself on being Europe 's most prestigious -- and richest -- horse race . With almost $ 8 million  $ 10.4 million  in prize money on offer over the weekend , the Qatar Racing and Equestrian Club-sponsored event attracts an elite clientele of royalty , world leaders and business heavyweights . Each year the grandstands fill with the "  crème de la crème " of European society , with Monaco 's Princess Charlotte Casiraghi , the daughter of Princess Caroline , and Spanish model Irene Salvador some of the glamorous guests in 2011 . For the super rich wanting to beat the crowds , a helicopter flying from London to Issy-les-Moulineaux in Paris will take around one hour and 45 minutes -- and set you back a whopping # 5,480  $ 8,874  . That 's not to mention the 15-minute car hire from Issy-les-Moulineaux to Longchamp costing another # 200  $ 323  . The Arc 's slogan : "  Ce n'est pas une course , c'est un monument " -- "  Not so much a race as a monument , " points to the grand imagery surrounding this uniquely French event . Founded in 1920 , the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe was named after the very monument built in honor of French allied forces during World War One . This year will mark the 91st Arc , which has only been canceled twice in its illustrious history -- in 1939 and 1940 during World War Two . Yet despite this emphasis on prestige , the Arc also remains one of Europe 's most accessible races for the average punter , with general admission to Sunday 's headline event costing just $ 8  $ 10.4  . A ticket to Royal Ascot 's grandstand , meanwhile , will cost you # 75  $ 121  . Arc organizers are preparing for a huge Japanese contingent this year , as horse Orfevre aims to deliver the country 's first win at Longchamp . The Japanese triple crown winner had been a co-favorite to win the race alongside Epsom Derby winner Camelot . But its chances now look unlikely after drawing the far outside stall 18 , where just one horse has won in the 92-year history of the race . Nonetheless there will still be Japanese-speaking stewards at betting desks to assist the large numbers of Asian punters expected . It may be known as "  The Sport of Kings , " but come Sunday the Arc may also be referred to as the "  Sport of Bakers " if French Derby winner Saonois takes the crown . Bought by a prosperous baker for just $ 10,000  $ 13,056  as a yearling , Saonois is now the other favorite to win the race after drawing the plumb stall of two . Whatever the outcome , one thing is for sure , the French crowd will be celebrating in style .	Think "  French chic " and the words elegance , style and grace spring to mind That glamor will be on display at this weekend 's Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe Stark contrast to UK 's Royal Ascot , which has a more flamboyant style Prestigious race regularly attracts the "  creme de la creme " of European society
So why would Yahoo -- the original king of Internet discussion groups -- pay over $ 1 billion for a simple little blog-publishing tool like Tumblr ? Does n't the giant Web company have the ability to create its own application that lets people post words and pictures online ? Of course it does . No , Yahoo is n't buying a technology company so much as the community that uses it . It paid a billion bucks for Tumblr for the very same reason that Facebook paid a billion dollars last year for web-sharing app Instagram : for the kids . That 's right , the net 's biggest corporations are willing to pay through the nose to acquire teenagers -- that coveted yet slippery demographic for whom the Web is a tired old workplace , Facebook is their parents '  or grandparents '  social network , and Yahoo has something to do with stock quotes and sports scores . A new generation of apps and networks -- from Tumblr and Instagram to Snapchat and Pinterest -- has emerged alongside this new generation of users , and if traditional companies ca n't beat them , they may as well buy them . Teens and young 20-somethings have been drifting away from what over-30s people think of as the Internet for years now . The World Wide Web is flat , static , and largely dependent on desktop and laptop computers to work right . Younger people are much less likely to connect to the net -- or to each other -- through these cumbersome devices than they are to use smartphones . The mobile Web , as it 's called , works differently . It 's navigated by thumb , through separate apps , and in shorthand . The big websites and search engines of yesteryear  well , at least yesterweek  -- like Yahoo , for example -- just were n't built for this kind of light engagement . They 're meant for keyboards and mice , not swiping and txt shorthand . Meanwhile , the corporations running big websites and social networks might seem like upstarts to older users , but to young people they are pre-existing conditions of the universe . Just as the Beatles might as well be Frank Sinatra , Facebook might as well be Microsoft or IBM . The big established networks just are n't cool . Mark Zuckerberg is already almost 30 . Plus , his social network -- just like those of his peers at Google + -- feels unnecessarily complex and requires a big commitment . Everything one does in the adult social media world goes down on one 's permanent record . The experience on a site like Facebook is so involved -- friends lists , updates , photo streams , timelines , advertisements -- from the teen perspective , it 's a Whole Big Thing . Compare that to something like Instagram . You take a picture and it goes up and out . That 's it . Or Snapchat : You take a picture and it goes to a friend , and then it disappears . How cool is that ? The less weighty and permanent and stickily complex a social networking experience , the less it feels like it 's the province of marketers , too . Every keystroke , recommendation , follow , like and update is recorded and stored . Kids are becoming aware that the more involved the data footprint they create somewhere , the more it will be used against them by big data researchers looking to predict their future activities and then market to them the things they do n't yet know they 're about to desire . Which is just creepy . This is why the real job of younger companies is to prove they are not your parents ' social apps . That 's why it becomes particularly challenging when a hip "  young person 's " social app is swallowed by a big , old , uncool Web company . After Tumblr 's base of young users found out about the sale , they went into a near state of panic . Many posted on Twitter and elsewhere how this represents the end of an era , and how they are now destined to move on to the next frontier . For its part , Tumblr is working hard to prove it still has indie cool street cred . In his blog post responding to the angst around his "  selling out , " Tumblr founder David Karp sounded like a young Steve Jobs by insisting "  how awesome this is . " Then , as if to prove Tumblr is still cool enough to do naughty things even though it 's now owned by a zillion-dollar corporate conglomerate , he signed his post , "  F *** yeah . " Maybe that 'll work , but it looks to me like Tumblr has gone from being cool to trying to sound cool . And we all know where that leads .	Douglas Rushkoff : Web giant Yahoo bought Tumblr for $ 1 billion to attract young people He says kids use mobile Web far more than desktop that requires heavier engagement Now that it 's been swallowed , Tumblr risks turning uncool , he says Rushkoff : Kids ' tweets about end of an era show challenge of being bought by Yahoo
CNN  -- Would you pay thousands of dollars to spend seven days running under the scorching sun of the Sahara Desert , traversing shifting sand dunes and punishing rocky plateaus for more than 220 kilometers , with all your food and kit affixed to your back ? It may sound like insanity , but it 's exactly what daring men and women of all ages have chosen to do by taking part in this year 's iconic Marathon des Sables  MDS  . Known as the world 's toughest footrace , the MDS began Sunday morning as the driving sounds of AC/DC 's "  Highway to Hell " blasted through loud speakers to usher a record 1,024 competitors from nearly 50 countries into the heart of the Southern Moroccan desert . Over the next few days , the grueling adventure will challenge participants -- the oldest aged 76 -- to test their bodies and minds as they take on whipping sandstorms and blazing temperatures of up to 50C in their epic journey across the desert . To toughen the ordeal , competitors are required to carry all their equipment for the duration of the ultra-marathon -- from food and sleeping gear to an anti-venom pump and glow sticks . Three runners have died in the 28 years the race has been taking place . "  Some runners come here to push back their limits and brave the extreme to write their tale , " says Frenchman Patrick Bauer , who founded the race in the mid-1980s . "  For a lot of participants , the Marathon des Sables is an opportunity to break with everyday life and feel a sense of timelessness . There is even a spiritual dimension , a quest for answers to what are at times very personal questions , " he adds . "  The desert magnifies the soul . " ` Toughest race ' The exact route for the week-long event , which costs more than $ 4,500 to enter , changes slightly every year but racers have to complete the equivalent of five and a half marathons over six stages -- including a non-stop stage of some 75 kilometers that must be completed in 34 hours . Read this : Sahara explorer taming the desert Runners are provided with just their water supply and a tent to sleep in at night . They 're also guaranteed spectacular views and stunning landscapes , as well as sore muscles , blisters on their feet and the inevitable moments of agonizing despair as they battle with weariness and dehydration whilst snaking their way past rolling dunes , steep-sided uplands , dried-up lakes and abandoned settlements in the baking heat . "  It 's the toughest race I 've ever done , " says British ultra-running champion Jen Salter , who 's competed at the MDS four times so far . "  That 's a combination of having to carry , obviously , quite a lot of weight on your back , the temperature and the terrain -- some of the sand dunes , their stretches are really quite long . It 's just unlike anything you can really prepare for or train for in another country , " she adds . ` Crème de la crème ' Yet despite such hostile conditions , the race 's popularity is growing every year ; due to high interest , competitors have to apply to enter MDS several years in advance . Currently in its 28th consecutive year , the roots of the MDS can be traced back to 1984 , when Bauer decided to embark on a self-sufficient journey across the Algerian desert on foot , covering a distance of 350 kilometers over 12 days . That expedition had a major influence on the adventurous Frenchman , who realized that other people would be interested in taking on similar challenges . So in 1986 Bauer returned to Africa to organize the very first edition of the ultra marathon , completed that year by 23 pioneering runners . Twenty-eight years and more than 12,000 participants later , the MDS has grown to become a major endurance event whose model has been copied by several other races . "  It 's the crème de la crème , " says Salter . "  There are so many multi-stage races these days , but the MDS is definitely the one that sets a bar for others to try to live up to , " she adds . "  The organization that goes into it is quite remarkable . " Indeed , putting the race together requires months of preparations and a plethora of resources : 120,000 liters of mineral water , 6.5 kilometers of Elastoplast , 400 support staff , 270 berber and Saharan tents , 100 all-terrain vehicles , 52 medical staff , 23 buses , 19,000 compresses and 6,000 painkillers . In addition , the organizers have two helicopters , one Cessna plane and six commercial planes at their disposal . ' 1,000 people , 1,000 stories ' So , what is it that 's attracting people from across the world to the vast unforgiving sands of the Sahara , turning the MDS into such a big event ? Organizers say it is the tantalizing cocktail of testing one 's limits and achieving the unattainable , helped by the haunting surroundings of the desert , which have shrouded the MDS with a veil of mystique over the years , making it appeal to all kinds of thrill seekers . Read this : An adventurer 's journey to the top of the world For experienced ultra-runners the challenge of self-sufficient running in the extreme heat of the Sahara is too good to ignore . Former competitors include British rowing legend James Cracknell , who completed the MDS in 2010 . But the race 's extraordinary concept is also a major draw for anyone with an audacious spirit . Over the years , a diverse caravan of novice runners , amateur athletes , enthusiastic 16-year-olds , spry septuagenarians and even visually impaired and partially paralyzed people have all converged on the MDS to test their limits , mark an occasion or escape briefly from their regular lives . "  Of the 1,000 people -LSB- in the race -RSB- , you can be sure there are 1,000 stories , " says Olivier Sepulchre , member of the MDS organizing team . He adds that more than just an endurance event , the race often becomes a breeding ground for lifelong friendships amongst runners . "  There is something magic inside the marathon because everybody is the same level , " says Sepulchre . "  You can be a good runner , a bad runner ... you can be the most rich , or the most poor guy , -LSB- here -RSB- you are in the same level and that 's something unique . " Salter agrees . "  The running is obviously amazing but a large part of it is also the camaraderie you have with your tent mates . " Salter even met her partner at the race . "  You share a tent with the same people for a week and it 's really nice and you all help each other through . "	The 28th edition of the Marathon des Sables began Sunday 1,024 runners will cover more than 220 kilometers in six stages The epic race is billed as the toughest footrace on Earth It has to be entered several years in advance
Sen. Mary Landrieu grew hoarse on the campaign trail Saturday . The Louisiana Democrat had been shouting all week , rallying her supporters at campaign events up and down the state , fighting to hold off a challenge from Republican U.S. Rep. Bill Cassidy to the bitter end . "  The national race is over , but honey , our race is not over " she cried at a campaign rally on the eve of the runoff election . But there was every indication that nobody 's listening . Saturday morning , when she arrives to vote , only four cameras are there to capture the moment , compared with what one staffer described as a gaggle 50-strong during the November 4 vote . Landrieu has trailed in every public poll of the race . Most recently , in a poll out this week from Republican firm WPA Research , she was down by 24 points . Early voting among African-Americans , a voting bloc key to her chances for a win , was down , but Republican early voting was up . With Republicans locking down control of the Senate in the November elections , Louisiana lost some of its urgency for national Democrats . The National Democratic Senatorial Committee withdrew its investment early on in the runoff and left her to fend for herself , as did most of the major Democratic spending groups . The lopsided fight frustrates Landrieu , who on Friday , unprompted , chastised the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee for having "  abandoned us . " "  I just do n't believe in leaving a soldier on the field , and that 's what they did , " she says . Landrieu tries to turn the tide Even on Saturday morning , Landrieu insisted despite the lack of support , she still had a chance , noting there 's a precedent for her to orchestrate an unexpected , come-from-behind win . "  The first race I ran 18 years ago -- the same pundits said , the tide has turned , you can not win , no Democrat can win in the South . Eighteen years ago they said that , and we did " win , Landrieu remembers . In 2002 , too , she pulled off a runoff win . Then , like now , she seized on a niche issue -- then it was a trade deal that would hurt farmers in the state , now it 's a dispute over Cassidy 's work for Louisiana State University -- to help boost her campaign in its last moments . But this time , Louisiana political observers say the issue broke too late for it to gain much traction . And the political tides have grown increasingly difficult for the senator during her time in office . The South has become increasingly red , and Landrieu is now the last remaining statewide elected Democrat in Louisiana , and the last Democratic senator in the Deep South . President Barack Obama remains deeply unpopular in Louisiana , and Republicans have successfully made the race a referendum on him , even as Landrieu focuses on her record . GOP candidate keeps low-profile in past weeks Landrieu confronts mission impossible Still , it 's probably a good thing for Cassidy that few were listening to the race . The congressman has been described as "  awkward " and "  really weird " by the press and his detractors . He 's kept his campaign appearances to a minimum in the runoff -- spending nearly all of the last week of the campaign in Washington -- to reduce the chances , many speculate , that his unusual personal style could stymie his near-certain win . That style is on full display during one of his two final campaign rallies on Friday . Out front of the event , he escalates to an unexpected , gleeful shout while thanking a supporter for voting for him . Telling a reporter that the reason Republicans have gained so much strength in the South is the fact that "  they 're the party for working families , " citing the GOP 's support of the Keystone XL pipeline as an example , and he points a finger to the sky and raises his chin as though sermonizing . Deflecting a question on why he has n't been in the state all week , Cassidy tangles himself in the kinds of knots that have wound up in Democratic attack ads . "  It is the story that I 'm doing my job as a congressman -- because people want to question me as to whether or not I 'm doing my job as a doctor -- I 've always shown up wherever I 've been asked to be . And when I show up where I 'm asked where I 'm supposed to be is now a story ... because people ask me what , " he says . Cassidy pauses , then adds : "  You see the paradox . " Asked about the evaluation made by others of his personal style , Cassidy brushes them off as unfounded bias from reporters who "  read what other reporters have said and they write what the other reporters have said . " Cassidy takes Election Day off Democrats are already starting to look past her loss Saturday toward 2016 as an opportunity to right the ship . Mitch Landrieu , the senator 's brother and mayor of New Orleans , told a group of reporters Friday night that as soon as they start focusing on 2016 , the "  environment is going to start changing all across America . " "  On Monday morning , the whole story 's gon na be different , " Mitch Landrieu promised a group of reporters during Landrieu 's Friday night event . He later added , "  There 's always another day . " Hambycast : Jazz and politics in the ` zombie runoff '	CNN projects Rep. Bill Cassidy will defeat Sen. Mary Landrieu Some polls had her down by as much as 24 points to her GOP challenger
New York  CNN  -- Federal agents say a missing New Jersey woman may be one of 11 victims believed to have been slain by admitted serial killer Israel Keyes . Investigators believe the woman Debra Feldman , 49 , was last seen at her Hackensack home on April 8 , 2009 . She has not been heard from since . The FBI said Keyes admitted that on April 9 , 2009 , he abducted a female from a state on the East Coast and transported her over multiple state lines into New York . Keyes said he killed the victim and buried her in upstate New York . FBI Special Agent Barbara Woodruff told CNN Thursday that Keyes -- before he committed suicide last year -- was shown pictures of unsolved murder victims and people who had gone missing to see whether he would admit to being involved in any of those cases . When Keyes was shown a picture of Feldman , he paused , looking at it a long time , before saying , "  I 'm not ready to talk about that one , " according to Woodruff . Footage on the FBI website shows Keyes during the interviews with federal agents , telling them he would release certain information or details about his victims , and then changing his mind . Detailed interactive map of Keyes ' travels "  He did enjoy the cat and mouse game , " Woodruff said . Keyes committed suicide in his Alaska jail cell last December by slitting his wrist and strangling himself with bedding . Investigators described Keyes as a kind of a murder addict who hunted victims in remote locations such as parks , campgrounds or hiking trails . An Army veteran and traveling contractor , Keyes studied other serial killers , but liked to say that he had not patterned himself after any other killer . Serial killer a murder addict A multi-agency effort by the Anchorage police , the FBI and local law enforcement agencies in Lufkin , Texas , arrested Keyes in March 2012 for the abduction of Samantha Koenig , an 18-year-old barista . Her body was found in a lake in April 2012 . Keyes left many unanswered questions and a four-page note that expressed no remorse or clues to other slayings when he took his life . Authorities are asking that anyone who may have information about Keyes or Feldman , or information about her around the time of her disappearance to contact the Hackensack Police Department or call 1-800-CALL-FBI . CNN 's Matt Smith , Mayra Cuevas and Brad Lendon contributed to this report	Serial killer Israel Keyes may have killed missing New Jersey woman Debra Feldman was last seen at her Hackensack home in 2009 Killer committed suicide in his Alaska jail cell
CNN  -- Here 's what we know about Saturday 's crash landing of Asiana Flight 214 and some of the key questions raised by those facts : 1 . Based on the debris field , the aircraft appears to have struck the rock sea wall well before the start of the runway . There are some marks on the sea wall , consistent with an impact of some part of the plane . Some aircraft debris ended up in the water . What we do n't know : Did the flight crew simply land the aircraft short ? 2 . Passengers onboard the aircraft describe the engines spooling up and the nose tilting up just before impact , and a preliminary review of the flight data and cockpit voice recorders appear to show the pilots attempted to abort the landing 1.5 seconds before impact . 3 . The debris field runs from the water , slightly right of the paved threshold and runway center , all the way to the stopped aircraft fuselage . The Boeing 777 lost its tail section , including vertical and horizontal stabilizers , near the end of the paved threshold , just before the start of the runway . What we do n't know : Is this an indication the tail of the aircraft detached after first impact ? 4 . What appears to be the Boeing 777 's right engine is detached from the wing and wedged against the right side of the fuselage . Another engine is a considerable distance from the fuselage in a grassy area to the right of runway 28L . This appears to be the left engine . Girls killed in crash were headed for camp What we do n't know : When did the engines detach ? Given the debris on the right side of the runway , could the engine off to the side actually be the right engine ? 5 . A preliminary reading of the flight data and voice data recorders show the 777 was traveling well below the target approach speed of 137 knots , the National Transportation Safety Board said . 6 . Flight tracking records show that the Asiana 214 flight descended from cruising altitude much more steeply and rapidly than previous Asiana flights on the same route . 7 . The instrument landing system approach on runway 28L was not working on the day of the crash . It had been down for some time . Flights were landing using visual flight rules . The weather was clear . 8 . The runway 's precision approach path indicator lights , showing correct flight approach altitudes , were working . 9 . Most of the fire damage to the aircraft occurred after the 777 came to a stop on its belly . 10 . Passengers described the cabin interior as heavily damaged , with overhead bins dropping and at least one life raft/escape slide inflating inside the aircraft , trapping a flight attendant , who was freed by passengers . 11 . Audio recordings of air traffic control conversations show the pilot did not declare an emergency before the crash landing . Emergency vehicles were dispatched afterward . 12 . The aircraft was built in 2006 and was purchased new by Asiana . 13 . All four pilots on the plane have been interviewed by U.S. and South Korean investigators , the head of South Korea 's Aviation Policy Bureau said . What we do n't know : What did the pilots say about the speed , altitude and other factors before the landing ? Choi Jeong-ho , the head of the aviation bureau , said he could not release details pending the investigation , which he said will continue for at least a week . 14 . The San Francisco Fire Department said one of the victims killed may have been struck by an emergency vehicle , San Mateo County Coroner Robert Foucrault said . Asiana has identified the two deceased passengers as Ye Mengyuan and Wang Linjia of China . Both were 16 . What we do n't know : Which teen girl may have been struck by an emergency vehicle ? And did the girl die from the plane crash or from the vehicle ? Foucrault said his office is trying to determine the cause of death . Why so many people survived CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter , Richard Quest and Miguel Marquez contributed to this report .	NEW : One of the deceased passengers may have been run over by an emergency vehicle The pilots appear to have tried to abort the landing , NTSB says Some of the aircraft debris ended up in the water Passengers describe the engines spooling up and the nose tilting up
CNN  -- What started as the Occupy Wall Street movement in New York in September has spread across major cities worldwide as a call to action against unequal distribution of wealth . Thursday marked two months since the movement began . Here is a roundup of some of the movement 's most recent developments , including several that resulted in arrests . NEW YORK Protesters in New York launched what they called an effort to "  shut down Wall Street " Thursday morning at the beginning of a nationwide day of what could be the Occupy movement 's largest protests yet . A heavy police presence was in place as protesters kicked off the effort with the early morning demonstration against Wall Street . At least 245 people were arrested over the course of Thursday , police spokesmen said . That includes 64 arrested -- most all wearing "  99 % " T-shirts -- during a sit-in early in the evening on Centre Street , near Foley Square . Protests , police clash on "  day of action " Five police officers were injured when a liquid was thrown on their faces during confrontations with with protesters , Kelly said . The officers felt burning in their faces , but were able to wash off the unknown substance at a nearby hospital . In addition , New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg said a 24-year-old police officer was injured when a star-shaped glass object was thrown at him . Speaking from Bellevue Hospital Center , he said "  some protesters today deliberately pursued violence , ' but added that most were peaceful and have "  caused minimal disruptions to our city . " By Thursday evening , protesters had begun to stream from Manhattan across the Brooklyn Bridge . According to the Wall Street movement 's Twitter feed , they chanted , "  This is what democracy looks like ! This is what America look like . " The protesters walked along the pedestrian walkway , not the roadway -- as they 'd done last month , when police more than 700 had been arrested . Around that same time , activists projected slogans onto one side of the 32-story Verizon building also in Lower Manhattan . Activists lifted metal barricades that ringed Zuccotti Park -- which had been the movement 's original home base , prior to their conviction -- defying authorities and blocking traffic . Residents and employees of nearby businesses were required to flash identification cards as police cordoned off the surrounding area , police spokesman Paul Browne said . Protesters had said they want Thursday to be a day of nonviolent protest , although it comes a day after a demonstrator was arrested for making violent threats . Nkrumah Tinsley was arrested after being seen in a YouTube video making threats to use a Molotov cocktail on Macy 's department store , New York police said . He also was seen in another part of the video threatening to "  burn down the city " Thursday . About 200 people were arrested Wednesday , police said . LOS ANGELES A total of 50 demonstrators were arrested Thursday in Los Angeles in two incidents -- one in the evening and another earlier in the day -- Los Angeles police spokesman Andrew Neiman said . Bail was set at $ 5,000 for those arrested , according to Neiman , and not $ 500 as previously reported by police . About 300 Occupy Los Angeles demonstrators marched about a half-mile early Thursday afternoon from their encampment near City Hall to a rally at the Wells Fargo Center . Several protesters were arrested , without incident , after blocking traffic on the corner of Figueroa and 4th streets -- an intersection that activists , on a website , earlier vowed to "  shut down " -- according to witnesses . The march itself and subsequent protests seemed generally peaceful as people banged drums and shouted slogans . At the Wells Fargo Center , located in front of a Bank of America building , protesters chanted peacefully while Los Angeles police in riot gear watched nearby . PORTLAND , Oregon A total of 48 people were arrested on three separate occasions in the Pacific Northwest city , police said , adding that they used pepper spray in one of the incidents . Twenty-five activists were arrested Thursday morning at the east end of the Steel Bridge , police Lt. Robert King said . All were cited for disorderly conduct . Also Thursday morning , nine others were arrested inside a Wells Fargo building and later charged with criminal trespassing , according to a press release from police . Then , Thursday evening , a large crowd of people were arrested at a Chase bank branch after they 'd gone inside and refused to leave , Sgt. Pete Simpson told CNN . Some demonstrators were escorted outside , at which point a group blocked the street -- impeding a commuter rail line that runs down the roadway . Simpson said police used pepper spray to get individuals to move , after it "  became very tenuous at the front line ,  and  there were a lot of people in the street . " The arrests were made both inside and outside the bank , the sergeant added . One Occupy Portland protesters was taken away by ambulance around 5 p.m. , said King . His medical condition was unknown , though King said he believed he was conscious as he was being transported to an area hospital . LAS VEGAS Police issued 21 misdemeanor citations Thursday morning after people sat down in the middle of Las Vegas Boulevard and refused to move , " police officer Bill Cassell told CNN . He described the demonstrators as peaceful and said there were no injuries among police or civilians . SEATTLE About 600 "  peaceful " Occupy Seattle and union demonstrators marched Thursday across University Bridge in the northern section of the city , near the University of Washington campus , police spokesman Sean Whitcomb said . Whitcomb said early Thursday evening that there had been no arrests and no pepper spray had been used . Traffic was shut down in the area , during what was the evening rush-hour , he added . HOUSTON Demonstrators from several groups , including unions and Occupy Houston , gathered around 4 p.m. in Market Square and then marched several blocks north , Houston police spokesman Kese Smith said . There , 12 individuals linked arms and sat down in the road -- a major route out of downtown and onto Interstate 45 -- and , after refusing police calls to move , were arrested , said Smith . All 12 were charged with obstructing a roadway , a misdemeanor . Another person who was on the sidewalk stepped forward and told a Houston police officer that she wanted to be arrested . After refusing repeated calls to stay on the sidewalk , this woman also was arrested , according to Smith . The vast majority of protesters exercised their First Amendment rights peacefully and without incident , the spokesman said . They will be booked and then arraigned at the Harris County jail . WASHINGTON Several hundred protesters marched down M Street in the Georgetown section of Washington , then on the Francis Scott Key Bridge over the Potomac River into Arlington , Virginia . D.C. Metro Police , in squad cars and on horses , escorted the group . On the bridge , they were met by other demonstrators who had marched from the Virginia side . Together , they waved signs and chanted , "  Whose river ? Our river . " ST. LOUIS Dozens of protesters broke into a vacant municipal building in St. Louis and tried to hang a banner , according to CNN affiliate KPLR . They did so after about a dozen protesters were arrested during a march on a city bridge . CHICAGO About 46 protesters were cited late Thursday afternoon after taking over Chicago 's La Salle Street bridge over the Chicago River for 35 minutes , CNN affiliate WLS reported . No confrontations , meanwhile , were reported as several hundred demonstrators marched up and down La Salle Street between the Board of Trade and the Chicago River . DENVER Denver District Attorney Mitchell Morrissey said Thursday that three activists have been charged with felonies -- including inciting a riot and second-degree assault on an officer -- in connection with recent Occupy Denver protests . Two were charged in connection to incidents that took place on Sunday , while one was charged related to an October 29 incident . ATLANTA Six men and two women were arrested for blocking traffic Thursday afternoon in downtown Atlanta , police said in a press release . Atlanta police said those arrested "  did not comply " after being given "  multiple warnings " to move . They were charged with obstructing traffic . MIAMI Led by a police car , dozens of demonstrators marched through Miami late Thursday afternoon , according to video footage from CNN affiliate WSVN . Many held up signs like one that read , "  Congress -- Good jobs , no cuts , " as they walked . The Occupy Miami website said that the event would occur between 4 and 7 p.m. , centered at Jose Marti Riverfront Park . DALLAS Police evicted an Occupy encampment from City Hall property early Thursday , city officials said in a statement . Beginning at about midnight , "  police made several announcements , over a 90-minute period of time , via loudspeakers asking for demonstrators to leave , " the statement said . Those that refused to leave were arrested shortly after 1:30 a.m.  2:30 p.m. ET  . Eighteen people were arrested , the statement said , and a crisis intervention team assisted seven people in obtaining shelter . COLUMBIA , South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley has encouraged demonstrators to return to the state Capitol on Thursday -- saying their signs and chants are welcome , but not their sleeping bags and mattresses , according to CNN affiliate WIS. . In a press conference Wednesday , Haley said the Capitol grounds are for citizens ' use during daylight hours only and should be respected . Law enforcement arrested dozens of protesters Wednesday . One protester told WIS "  We 're calm , we 're peaceful and we 're not agitators . " Occupy events also took place Thursday in Boston , Milwaukee , Nashville and other cities around the country . CNN 's Mary Snow , Brian Vitagliano , Eden Pontz , Rob Frehse and Steve Kastenbaum in New York ; Eric Fiegel in Washington ; Sara Weisfeldt in Los Angeles ; and Marlena Baldacci and Nick Valencia in Atlanta contributed to this report .	NEW : 50 people are arrested in 2 incidents Thursday in L.A. , a spokesman says A total of 245 people are arrested Thursday in New York , police say 48 are arrested in 3 incidents in Portland , Oregon , according to police Arrests are also made in Las Vegas , Chicago , Houston and elsewhere
Washington  CNN  -- Bullying and harassment in schools often includes violations of federally protected civil rights , the federal government warned Tuesday in new guidelines for educators on how to address the problem . If school administrators fail to properly deal with harassment based on gender , race or other issues , they risk being cited for contributing to a pattern of civil rights violations that could , in extreme cases , lead to a cut in federal funding , according to top officials who spoke to reporters on a conference call about the new guidelines . "  In extreme cases , schools could be stripped of their federal education monies if they do n't comply with all of our civil rights laws , " said Russlynn Ali , assistant secretary for civil rights . Also on the call were Arne Duncan , secretary of education , and White House Domestic Policy Council Director Melody Barnes . The issue of harassment gained prominence this year after a spate of suicides by students who were being bullied . President Obama has called for greater awareness of the problem , saying the nation must "  dispel the myth that bullying is just a normal rite of passage or an inevitable part of growing up . " The guidelines were part of a letter that began "  Dear Colleague " sent Tuesday to thousands of schools , colleges , universities and school districts around the country that included examples of bullying and harassment cases that constituted violations of federal civil rights laws . In addition , the government said the White House will host a conference next year on preventing bullying and harassment , building on efforts by Duncan 's department and other agencies . In August , the Obama administration hosted the first National Bullying Summit and launched a national campaign against bullying . Ali said the government proposed $ 410 million in fiscal year 2011 spending for "  successful , safe and healthy students , " a 12 percent increase over 2010 . In a statement Tuesday , the American Civil Liberties Union welcomed the new government guidelines for making clear that most religious , gender and sexual harassment comes under federal civil rights prohibitions , but it called for expanding the federal law to eliminate any doubt . "  Though the guidance goes far under current law , it does not replace having a federal statute that explicitly protects " lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender students , said Laura Murphy , the director of the ACLU 's Washington legislative office . Murphy called for Congress to pass the Student Non-Discrimination Act , a bill pending in the House and Senate that the ACLU said would guarantee that homosexual and transgender students are explicitly protected from harassment and discrimination under federal law .	New federal guidelines sent to nation 's schools and colleges Failure to respond properly to bullying could risk cut in funding White House to host a harassment conference next year
The tooth fairy 's trash became another man 's treasure Saturday when a discolored molar that once belonged to John Lennon was put up for auction . The winning bid came in at 19,500 pounds  U.S. $ 31,200  , according to auction results posted online . Michael Zuk , a Canadian dentist , is claiming responsibility for the winning bid . Omega Auction House , which sold the tooth , did not immediately respond to requests for comment Saturday . Lennon gave the tooth to Dorothy "  Dot " Jarlett when she worked as his housekeeper at his Kenwood home in Weybridge , Surrey , according to her son , Barry . Jarlett , who was employed between 1964 and 1968 , developed a warm relationship with Lennon , her son said . "  She was very close with John , and one day whilst chatting in the kitchen , John gave my mother the tooth  he had been to the dentist to have it removed that day  and suggested giving it to my sister as a souvenir , as she was a huge Beatles fan , " he said . "  It has been in the family ever since . " With the exception of the past two years , the tooth has been in Canada for 40 years after Dot Jarlett 's daughter married a Canadian . Barry Jarlett , who said his mother is now 90 years old , said it was the right time to pass it on rather than to risk the tooth getting lost . Karen Fairweather , the owner of Omega Auction House , told CNN last month that the tooth is too fragile for DNA testing but she has no doubt about its authenticity . "  Because it 's coming directly from Dot , we do n't doubt the provenance of the item , " she said . Some fans will sink their teeth into anything if they feel it 's worth plunking down thousands to get closer their idols . A clump of hair believed to have been trimmed from Elvis Presley 's head when he joined the Army in 1958 sold for $ 18,300 in 2009 at Chicago 's Leslie Hindman auctioneers . Jarlett said Lennon gave his family many gifts over the years . He plans to keep a leather wallet , and his mother still has a pearl necklace Lennon gave her when he returned from Japan .	A Canadian dentist says he is responsible for the winning bid Lennon gave the tooth to his housekeeper after he had it removed The tooth is too fragile to conduct a DNA test
Album sales are at an all-time low in the United States . Vinyl sales are at their highest for 15 years . Everybody says streaming is the future , yet major artists are pulling out of streaming services . And in tech-oriented Japan , CDs still account for 85 % of album sales . The current state of the music industry is anyone 's guess . Spotify Technology is transforming the way music is created , shared and enjoyed , and where we will go from here is hard to predict . The latest shock to the system is Taylor Swift 's decision to break up with Spotify , the popular music streaming service that has 40 million active users -- one quarter of which are paying subscribers . With the release of her latest album , entitled "  1989 , " Swift -- arguably music 's most popular artist at the moment -- requested that all her back catalog be removed from the service . The move , which would be risky for most other artists , helped boost sales of the album to 1.3 million units in its debut week , the best performance in the industry since 2002 . With no legal option other than buying , fans obliged . Spotify says that over 70 % of its revenues go to artists , but just between $ 0.006 and $ 0.0084 is paid for each play , depending on the artist . Others before Swift have pulled out : Thom Yorke famously described the service as "  the last desperate fart of a dying corpse , " and his solo works are not available for streaming . Other no-shows include The Beatles , who have an exclusive deal with Apple . And yet , Spotify is now earning some artists more money than iTunes in Europe , as was revealed at the Web Summit technology conference in Dublin by Willard Ahdritz , CEO and founder of Kobalt , a company that represents thousands of musicians . That means that streaming is becoming , in some instances , more profitable than album sales . Predicting the hits Elsewhere in the digital world , social media is becoming a dominant contributing factor to the popularity of an artist , and it 's also generating a huge amount of data that can be a powerful tool for trend analysis . Public social data is like a crystal ball that can help the music industry predict who 's going to become the next big thing . A company called Next Big Sound specializes in precisely these types of predictions . By tracking streams and collecting data from the Internet -- new Twitter followers , Facebook likes and Wikipedia page views -- the company says it can estimate the likelihood of an artist making it into the Billboard Top 200 , which charts album releases , over a year before it happens . Making the charts is not easy . Speaking at the Web Summit , Alex White of Next Big Sound pointed out that in the last year , only 961 artists made the Billboard Top 200 , and just 204 of those were entering it for the first time . The Billboard Top 100 , which tracks singles rather than albums , is an even more exclusive club : out of 249 artists appearing , just 43 were debuting . Despite the charts favoring established artists , it 's never been so easy to make , share and discover new music . "  At the end of the 90s you needed a full blown musical studio to make real music , " said Eric Wahlforss , co-founder of streaming service Soundcloud , "  now all you need is a laptop . Even an iPad can be enough . Music making is for everyone . Technology has made it cheaper , accessible and more powerful . " Soundcloud was launched in 2007 and allows users to upload their music and embed it anywhere , offering a powerful tool for discovery . It has evolved significantly over the years , skewing its balance in favor of listeners and introducing algorithms that spot protected material . "  We care a lot about copyrights and we have automatic filters that can block content on behalf of copyright holders , " said Wahlforss . "  We want to go to a billion monthly listeners , and welcoming major labels is a key point of the journey there . " The service , which currently boasts 175 million monthly listeners , has just announced a licensing deal with Warner Music , and is introducing a paid subscription model next year . "  If you have those numbers , naturally you want to generate revenue , and that 's what we 're focusing on at the moment , " said Wahlforss . A matter of taste Even though music discovery has evolved rapidly in recent years , there is still no consensus on which technology is the best to analyze someone 's musical taste . According to Kevin Lee , who was among the founders of the Beats headphones brand , we might need to start from scratch . "  Even with all this music , at any given time I still only have about five to 10 songs that I love and listen to , but I have to believe there may be 100 that would really touch me in the same way , " he said . "  I feel we need a new technology that can figure that out . " Lee now heads Sol Republic , a rising brand of audio products , and thinks that in the future we 'll have headphones capable of analyzing a user 's emotional response to a song , and then suggesting something similar . "  It takes three seconds for you to know whether you like a song or not . There 's something about our ears and our body and our mind that figures that out so quickly , and we need to find a technology that can do that for us , " he said . Apple bought Beats earlier this year for $ 3 billion , in a strong statement about the significance of headphones in this industry : because we listen to so much music through our phones , hidden away in our pockets , it 's what 's on our heads that counts . But Lee thinks that headphones have become too ubiquitous . "  I hope people will discover this thing called the speaker , " he said . "  Right now you need a large , expensive speaker to get good sound , but we had the same problem with headphones and we solved that . I 'm confident that we 'll manage to shrink speakers in size without compromising sound quality : when we figure that out , people will change the way they listen to music at home . " One thing , however , does seem likely : "  Streaming is the way of the future , " said Soundcloud 's Eric Wahlforss . At the end of the Web Summit , sharing the stage with the final panelists , U2 's Bono joined the discussion , defending Spotify 's royalty model , and arguing that streaming is , indeed , what lies ahead , even amid the many uncertainties . "  The remunerative bit still has to be figured out , " he said . "  This is an experimental and exciting period . So , let 's experiment and see what works . " Read more : Never cook again -- now you can print your own pizza	The future of the digital music business is still uncertain Taylor Swift recently pulled out of streaming service Spotify Next Big Sound uses social data to predict future hits "  Streaming is the way of the future , " says Soundcloud co-founder
CNN  -- Elizabeth Smart , the Utah woman abducted as a teenager and held captive for months , tied the knot at a private ceremony in Hawaii over the weekend . "  Yes , Elizabeth did get married today and we are all thrilled , " said Smart 's father , Ed , on Saturday . Smart and Matthew Gilmour exchanged vows Saturday on Oahu 's North Shore before family and friends , CNN affiliate KSL said , citing a family spokesman . They plan to honeymoon at an undisclosed location , according to Chris Thomas , the spokesman . "  Elizabeth 's desire was for what most women want â $ " to celebrate her nuptials in a private wedding with family and close friends , " Thomas told the affiliate . The pair got engaged last month and planned to get married in the summer , but moved up the wedding because of the media attention , the spokesman said . Gilmour , a native of Scotland , met his bride while she was doing missionary work in France . Smart attends Brigham Young University and also works for ABC News . Smart made headlines in 2002 when she was kidnapped from her Salt Lake home at age 14 and held captive for nine months . Her kidnapping stunned the nation , and the media covered the monthslong search to find her . Her abductor , Brian David Mitchell , sexually abused her during her time in captivity , and is serving life in prison for the kidnapping and assault . Authorities rescued Smart when she , her captor and his wife were spotted wandering in Sandy , Utah , in March 2003 . Smart described the ordeal as "  my nine months in hell " during court testimony two years ago . CNN 's Leslie Tripp and Elizabeth Chmurak contributed to this report	Smart and Matthew Gilmour exchange vows Saturday in Oahu They plan to honeymoon at an undisclosed location The pair got engaged last month and decided to move up the wedding to avoid publicity
Washington  CNN  -- The Transportation Security Administration announced Sunday that it will begin enhanced screening procedures Monday on any U.S.-bound air passenger traveling through "  state sponsors of terrorism or other countries of interest " such as Pakistan , Yemen and Nigeria . The TSA said in a statement announcing the new measures that "  effective aviation security must begin beyond our borders . " A senior government official , not authorized to speak on the record , provided CNN with the full list of 14 countries that fall under the TSA 's "  countries of interest " label -- which will automatically trigger the enhanced screening . The State Department lists four countries as those that sponsor terror : Cuba , Sudan , Syria and Iran . The other 10 countries of interest are Afghanistan , Algeria , Iraq , Lebanon , Libya , Nigeria , Pakistan , Saudi Arabia , Somalia and Yemen , the government official said . Another source , a senior State Department official who could not speak on the record due to the sensitive nature of the material , said the countries on the list are places "  where we have concerns , particularly about al Qaeda affiliates . " The official said the State Department was heavily involved in compiling the list , along with Department of Homeland Security and other intelligence agencies . The State Department compiles the annual "  Patterns of Global Terrorism " report , which details terrorism trends in countries around the world . Passengers from other countries could still face enhanced security for other reasons . Unlike many TSA security directives , this one does not have an expiration date and is intended to be "  sustainable and long term , " although the TSA will continually evaluate the mandate in light of intelligence , a federal counterterrorism official told CNN . The TSA said any person flying into the United States who is "  traveling from or through nations that are state sponsors of terrorism or other countries of interest will be required to go through enhanced screening . " The TSA did not elaborate on what those enhanced security procedures might entail . The directive was issued to domestic and international air carriers . In addition , the directive also keeps in place a mandate -- issued after an attempted Christmas Day terror attack on a U.S.-bound flight -- giving pilots discretion to prevent passengers from keeping pillows and blankets on their laps during certain international flights , the official said . Also retained is the option for pilots to limit movement in the cabin on those international flights . Federal authorities have charged Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab , 23 , of Nigeria , in connection with the failed Christmas Day attack on a flight between the Netherlands and Detroit , Michigan . Authorities have said he tried to detonate explosives hidden in his underwear as the flight made its final approach to Detroit . The device failed to fully detonate , instead setting off a fire at his seat . CNN 's Mike Ahlers contributed to this report .	TSA : Travel to U.S. from "  state sponsors of terrorism " would trigger enhanced screening So would travel from "  other countries of interest " U.S. lists Cuba , Sudan , Syria and Iran as state sponsors of terrorism Government official : Some "  countries of interest " are Afghanistan , Pakistan , Iraq
CNN  -- John Lydon is wondering whether he 's looking old . He jokes that the camera should be smeared with Vaseline to give a flattering , soft-focus effect . "  Or we could use butter ! " he laughs in reference to a series of TV commercials which helped to fund his band 's latest album . His band is , of course , Public image Limited -- one of the most inventive and influential groups of the post-punk era . PiL were formed by Lydon following the disintegration of his previous band , The Sex Pistols - the group that pioneered the punk era in Britain . With the release last year of the critically-acclaimed "  This is PiL , " after a recording hiatus of 20 years , Public image Limited have released nine studio albums spanning 35 years . The Pistols produced just one album and were gone within two years but more column inches and interview minutes have been devoted to that short , sharp , shock to music history than to the story of PiL . That helps to explain why John Lydon has agreed to accept an Icon award from the music rights organization the BMI . Famously selective about awards and honors , Lydon is happy that the award recognizes his songwriting work with both bands and his "  unique and indelible influence on generations of music makers . " False accolades "  I have earned my wings . I have done enough good work over the years that it 's about time someone stood up and said ` Well done John ! ' We have noticed . It 's been negative , negative , negative for far too long . You can have me as an icon but I 'm Johnny , I see myself more as an ` I-can ' -- I do what I want because I can ! " His attitude to awards is not always so embracing . "  I do n't like false accolades ... for me one of the most disgusting offerings was the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame . I 'm sorry I 've got no time for that . I do n't view myself as a museum piece and I 'm not gon na be craftily shafted in that way and the legacy of what is the Pistols is too good to be just squashed into a glass compartment underneath a staircase in a ` museum ' . " Read more : Sex Pistol to Rock Hall : ` Kiss this ! ' Lydon 's mind is as active as ever . He feels he could carry on as a performer until he 's 100 unless arthritis intervenes . "  I 'm at the stage of life now when I 'm 57-years old but I think that 's 57-years young . There 's so much more to do and learn . I love what I do and I love the release of songwriting . You can coin in words and phrases something that 's so hard to explain emotionally . "  I ca n't write a Pistols song any more . I have n't been able to for a real long time . All of my songwriting now goes into Public Image Limited , which is a much broader expanse and a more difficult terrain in many ways to deal with but ultimately far more rewarding . " On stage Anyone who saw PiL perform at Glastonbury this summer , or were lucky enough to catch the Sex Pistols during their brief touring career beset by gig bans , could be excused for thinking Lydon was a notoriously shy boy who still suffers from stage fright . "  Once I 'm on stage I 'm absolutely alright . It 's the place I now know and have known for 30 years really -- it 's the place I truly belong . That 's where I tell it like it is and I get the opportunity to be myself . "  But the fear of letting people down that goes on in my head beforehand is almost at times overwhelming . I ca n't eat before I go on stage . The trouble with that is I overeat when I get off ! " I was aged 14 when The Sex Pistols crash-landed on my record deck , consigning David Bowie , T.Rex , Elton John and Rod Stewart to the wilderness for years to come . Such music instantly created a small colony of punks growing up in The Lake District - a rural outpost of northern England . Our surroundings could n't have been further from the urban squalor endured by the young John Lydon in one of the toughest parts of northern London . A combination of poverty and ill health helped mold the boy who became known as Johnny Rotten . "  At seven I had meningitis . I was in a coma for three to four months , spent a year in hospital , it took me something like four years to regain my memory but it left a really , really good thing in me . It was a very serious illness which came close to killing me . What it did was it allowed me to look at myself before I realized who myself was . It created a kind of duality -- a yin and yang -- a kind of Johnny Lydon and a Johnny Rotten and there I was from eight-years old looking at that and wanting to get things right . " Pistol 's legacy Another legacy of his illness was the crumbling teeth which led to the Pistols ' guitarist Steve Jones providing him with the nickname "  Johnny Rotten . " Lydon 's prickly relations with the other band members are well documented but he says there was always a strong bond beneath it all . "  No we loved each other very , very much it was just that it all got in the way . And now as Pistols we 've agreed not to work with one another again , now we can start to be friends once more . From my point of view and I know that Paul Cook the drummer agrees with this , it 's more important that we really get back to where we were with each other rather than anything else at all . "  And if you really understand the work that the Pistols did you will appreciate that and understand that that 's far more relevant than us trotting up and down the floorboards of a stage and carrying on something that really had its moment -- a very important moment -- but I really do n't need to re-tread that one . " Almost forty years after Lydon 's controversial song "  God Save the Queen " was released to coincide with Queen Elizabeth 's silver jubilee , the singer reveals that Prince William 's marriage to Kate Middleton moved him to tears . Read more : Sex Pistols re-release ` God Save the Queen ' "  I do n't have a problem with Britain having a royal family -- I had a problem with paying for it . And quite right an ' all . There I was as a Sex Pistol and I had to pay this outrageous tax for an entire system that did not want me at all . Well that 's not right . "  But at the same time though I love feudalism and all the flag-waving and the ceremony and all that , there 's a great sense of thrill in it . The last royal wedding to me was great , it was fantastic . Tears in my eyes . I loved watching the Lancaster bombers and the Spitfires flying over Buckingham Place . That reminded me of family members who had fought in World War Two and things like that . " Johnny Rotten wannabes As the BMI bestows its own act of ennoblement on Lydon , its president , Del Bryant , lists a few of the many artists influenced by the singer-songwriter : "  You could certainly talk about The Smiths , then you could move over to the U.S. and talk about Green Day , Guns & Roses , the Red Hot Chili Peppers or Nirvana . He 's had a vast influence on many , many people and I think a lot of people have borrowed a lot from his experience and his music . " Influencing people is not entirely the Lydon plan . The gospel he preaches is that people should be themselves rather than copying others . It 's clear that Johnny would not have approved of the little group of Lake District punks decorating ourselves with spiky hair , safety pins and bin bags . "  I do not like to see an audience of Johnny Rotten wannabes . To me that 's 22 steps backwards . I 'm telling you all as a member of the human race , you have this incredible natural born gift of individuality . Why would you want to lose that to pretend to be somebody else ? " And with a chuckle , a gigantic burp , a handshake and a spot of fun-poking at Piers Morgan 's expense , John Lydon leaves the room .	John Lydon was lead singer of The Sex Pistols , before forming Public image Limited Public Image Limited have released nine studio albums spanning 35 years Lydon is accepting a BMI Icon award , which recognizes his work with both bands He says he does n't want to play to Johnny Rotten wannabes , that individuality is a gift
CNN  -- The 2014 CMA Awards could turn into a very big night for Miranda Lambert . The "  Somethin' Bad " songstress leads this year 's group of nominees with nine nominations , matching the number of nods she got in 2010 . Before Lambert 's 2010 windfall , no female artist in the history of the CMA Awards had received that many nominations in one year .  Alan Jackson holds the record for most CMA Awards nominations overall , thanks to the 10 he earned in 2002 . Coming in behind Lambert is Dierks Bentley , who earned five nominations , and Eric Church and Keith Urban , who have four nominations each . Urban and Lambert are both nominated for 2014 's entertainer of the year award , along with Luke Bryan , Blake Shelton  Lambert 's husband  , and George Strait , who won the honor at last year 's ceremony . 2013 CMA Awards big night for Shelton , Lambert and Swift And that 's not all : Lambert 's June release , "  Platinum , " is nominated for album of the year , and her track "  Automatic " is nominated for best single and best song of the year . For album of the year , she 'll compete with Luke Bryan 's "  Crash My Party , " Keith Urban 's "  Fuse , " Eric Church 's "  The Outsiders " and Dierks Bentley 's "  Riser . " In the female vocalist category , Lambert 's up against Martina McBride , Kacey Musgraves , Taylor Swift , and Carrie Underwood . Underwood is also hosting this year 's show , alongside Brad Paisley . The 2014 CMA Awards , which will be the 48th edition of country music 's biggest night , will air live from Nashville on ABC on November 5 . Entertainer of the year Luke Bryan Miranda Lambert Blake Shelton George Strait Keith Urban Single of the year "  Automatic , " Miranda Lambert "  Drunk on a Plane , " Dierks Bentley "  Give Me Back My Hometown , " Eric Church "  Meanwhile Back at Mama 's , " Tim McGraw featuring Faith Hill "  Mine Would Be You , " Blake Shelton Album of the year "  Crash My Party , " Luke Bryan "  Fuse , " Keith Urban "  Platinum , " Miranda Lambert "  Riser , " Dierks Bentley "  The Outsiders , " Eric Church Song of the year "  Automatic , " written by Nicolle Galyon , Natalie Hemby and Miranda Lambert "  Follow Your Arrow , " written by Kacey Musgraves , Brandy Clark and Shane McAnally "  Give Me Back My Hometown , " written by Eric Church and Luke Laird "  I Do n't Dance , " written by Lee Brice , Rob Hatch , and Dallas Davidson "  I Hold On , " written by Brett James and Dierks Bentley Female vocalist of the year Miranda Lambert Martina McBride Kacey Musgraves Taylor Swift Carrie Underwood Male vocalist of the year Dierks Bentley Luke Bryan Eric Church Blake Shelton Keith Urban Vocal group of the year Eli Young Band Lady Antebellum Little Big Town The Band Perry Zac Brown Band Vocal duo of the year Dan + Shay Florida Georgia Line Love and Theft The Swon Brothers Thompson Square Music video of the year "  Automatic , " Miranda Lambert "  Bartender , " Lady Antebellum "  Drunk on a Plane , " Dierks Bentley "  Follow Your Arrow , " Kacey Musgraves "  Somethin' Bad , " Miranda Lambert and Carrie Underwood New artist of the year Brandy Clark Brett Eldredge Kip Moore Thomas Rhett Cole Swindell To see the full list of nominees , visit CMAWorld.com .	Miranda Lambert leads this year 's CMA Awards nominees She matched her personal record of 9 nods Lambert will compete against her husband , Blake Shelton , for entertainer of the year The CMA Awards will air on November 5
CNN  -- A Pakistani politician critical of U.S. drone strikes said Saturday that American authorities detained and questioned him at a Canadian airport . Imran Khan , a former cricket star , this month led a march to the border of Pakistan 's tribal region to protest drone strikes , which he says end up killing more civilians than militants . Khan said he boarded a New York-bound plane in Toronto on Friday when two U.S. immigration officials asked him to step outside . The officials made him wait for about 40 minutes before interviewing him for another 20 minutes , he said . "  I kept asking them what was this all about , and then one guy interviewed me and he was so confused , he had no idea what he was saying , " Khan told CNN by phone from Seattle , another stop on his trip . "  He was talking about some fund-raising , so I asked him to come to the point , and he said , ` We 're worried you might use violence against drones . ' I mean , it was so ridiculous , I did n't even know how to answer it . " Khan : "  We 'll sweep the election " Khan missed his flight , but he eventually made it to New York , and later Seattle , for fund-raisers for his political party , Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf . He has two more fund-raisers on the schedule , in San Francisco and Los Angeles , before he returns home to Pakistan , Khan said . The cricket legend said he suspects U.S. officials simply wanted to make him miss an anti-drone protest Khan was scheduled to lead in the United States , without realizing the protest had already been postponed because of the Muslim holiday of Eid al-Adha . A State Department official acknowledged that Khan was "  briefly delayed " before boarding the next flight to the United States . "  The issue was resolved , " the official said . "  Mr. Khan is welcome in the United States . " Khan has been a fierce critic of U.S. policy in Pakistan and the use of drone strikes , calling them a violation of Pakistan 's sovereignty and a strategy that stokes militant anger toward Washington . In recent years , the U.S. government has sharply stepped up the use of drone attacks in Pakistan 's mostly ungoverned tribal region , widely believed to be a safe haven for militant groups fueling the insurgency in Afghanistan . American officials say the drone strikes are an effective strategy against militant groups and insist civilian casualties are rare . Anti-drone peace march halted in Pakistan Khan says people he has spoken to in the tribal region say most of the people killed are innocent civilians . That , he said , is counterproductive to the war on terrorism . "  If you alienate them , you lose the war , because they 're the ones who are going to eventually provide logistical support , " he said . "  From these people will be the recruits to the militants . " CNN 's Azadeh Ansari and Elise Labott contributed to this report .	Imran Khan is a vocal critic of U.S. drone strikes in Pakistan He was traveling from Toronto to New York when he was questioned , he says He reiterated his stance against drones A State Department official says Khan was "  briefly detained "
Editor 's note : Frances Fragos Townsend , a CNN contributor on national security issues , served as President George W. Bush 's chief anti-terrorism and homeland security adviser . Townsend has spent more than two decades in the fields of intelligence and criminal justice and has served during the past three administrations . Townsend is currently a consultant to the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and a member of the Council on Foreign Relations and the Aspen Institute Homeland Security Program . Frances Townsend says the priority for the White House must be protecting the American people . WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Washington Post recently reported that Gen. Jim Jones , President Obama 's national security adviser , is reviewing plans to reorganize the White House National Security and Homeland Security councils . Some , if not all , of the functions of the Homeland Security Council may be folded into an expanded National Security Council . There is no more solemn responsibility that the president bears than to protect American lives . During my 4 1/2 years at the White House , I came to believe that , for this reason , organization must be dictated by effectiveness . How best to maximize effectiveness will inevitably change over time as we as a country continue to weaken al Qaeda and other enemies , as the Department of Homeland Security gains strength , and as our government better integrates the capabilities that have been built since the tragedy of September 11 . As the Obama administration considers the most effective means of organizing the White House structure , I respectfully submit that any structure should be judged against three fundamental criteria . First , there must be a single person both responsible and accountable to the president who monitors threat information and who has the authority to marshal all instruments of national power  military , intelligence , law enforcement , economic , diplomatic and public diplomacy  to defeat the threat . This individual can not wait until threats arrive on our shores , but must have the responsibility and the means to identify those threats where they originate and to ensure a coordinated response to them . The president 's homeland security adviser must not be constrained by geographic boundaries that our enemies do not respect . Second , the homeland security adviser must have direct and immediate access to the president . Ultimately , if terrorists successfully strike the United States , it is the president , and not his staff , who will be accountable to the American people for the failure . The homeland security adviser must be able to get to the president quickly without clearance from his or her colleagues on the White House staff . Unfortunately , there will be times when American lives are at stake and the president will need to be advised and operational decisions taken and communicated to the relevant Cabinet secretary in real time . These sorts of crises do not lend themselves to the normal bureaucratic process . Third , the homeland security issues faced by our government are diverse and many . They range from preparedness and response to natural disasters  ice , flooding , fires and wind  to pandemic planning and biological and nuclear threats . These issues are often distinct from the more traditional foreign policy issues faced by the National Security Council and require experienced staff with significant expertise . The staff must understand state and local emergency management policy issues and concerns . They must be organized , not simply to facilitate the homeland security policy process , but also to anticipate and respond to state and local political leaders in a time of crisis . The homeland security adviser requires adequate staffing to deal with the counterterrorism and homeland security issues . We remain a nation at war with a very determined enemy . We have troops deployed in Iraq and Afghanistan , but the national security adviser has many important responsibilities in addition to those two theaters . For example , he must contend with the Middle East peace process and counter proliferation around the world , but most especially in Iran and North Korea . I worry that increasing the span of control of the national security adviser could dilute the homeland security mission and make it just one more item on a list already overburdened . That said , I wish to be clear . We should judge any reorganization by the substance and criteria that I have suggested above . We must be careful not to assume that a merger means the president cares less about homeland security . We must resist this easy organizational chart test and look to the substance of how responsibilities are allocated and how we are being protected . Let me suggest three questions the administration should ask before deciding on a new White House structure :  1  Is there one person responsible and accountable to the president who looks around the world at threats and advises the president ?  2  Does this one person have direct and immediate access to the president ? and  3  Does this person have adequate staff to fulfill his or her responsibilities ? These are the questions that we should be asking and the criteria against which we should judge the effort . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frances Townsend .	Fran Townsend : White House 's top goal must be protecting American people She says Obama 's reorganization might expand National Security Council Homeland security concerns must not be downplayed in the process , she says Townsend : Homeland adviser needs direct access to the president
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Gunmen and suicide bombers attacked police in eastern Afghanistan Tuesday morning , leaving five officers dead , police said . The Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack that occurred in the city of Jalalabad . Six or seven civilians were also injured in the violence and five of the attackers died , according to Mohammad Sharif Amin , a local police spokesman . This attack comes a day after U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry arrived in Afghanistan for a trip to help repair strained relations with President Hamid Karzai . Kerry landed in Kabul on Monday afternoon and met with Karzai at the presidential palace . The attack , early Tuesday morning , happened some 145 kilometers  90 miles away  from Kabul . At least eight attackers stormed a police station in Jalalabad , authorities said , igniting two car bombs and firing at officers . The Taliban , which is known to inflate numbers of the dead in past attacks , said as many as 40 officers and 15 foreign trainers were killed . That tally was not verified by Afghan police .	Five officers killed in the attack The Taliban says they did it The attack comes as U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry is there
New York  CNN  -- Longtime local news anchor Sue Simmons will no longer fill her familiar co-anchor chair at New York 's NBC station , according to a company statement . Simmons , 68 , who has spent more than three decades on-air for WNBC and was reportedly at one time the highest paid local television anchor in the country , will not get her contract renewed when it expires in June . "  We have tremendous respect and admiration for Sue Simmons , " said Dawn Rowan , a spokesperson for the station . "  For decades , Sue has been a critical part of New York 's longest tenured anchor team in the city and has more than earned her iconic status . " The announcement of her departure spawned a "  Save Sue Simmons " Facebook page , and prompted other social media postings about her past exploits . Her anchoring is punctuated by what some called a quintessential New York attitude , and her often sassy comments , smirks and grins go against what might be considered typical news anchor decor . Jack Cafferty , a CNN commentator who co-anchored with Simmons for 13 of the 32 years she has worked for WNBC , called her a "  breath of fresh air in the otherwise stuffy , pretentious world of journalism . " Mark Harris , a columnist for Entertainment Weekly , tweeted : "  Fellow New Yorkers , I hope you all get that this is wrong , stupid and evil , " Her newscast was ranked No. 1 in the fiercely competitive New York local news market this year among advertisers ' favorite demographic , ages 25 to 54 . Simmons did not immediately return calls seeking comment . The contract of her co-anchor , Chuck Scarborough , 68 , has been renewed for another three years . Simmons ' role had been diminished in recent years , anchoring only the station 's 11 p.m. newscast . The show dropped her from the 6 p.m. slot last year after she returned from back surgery . She will remain on the air until her contract expires , the station said .	WNBC has ended its 32-year relationship with Sue Simmons She was reported to have been the highest-paid local news anchor in the country CNN 's Jack Cafferty says she is "  a breath of fresh air "
Washington  CNN  -- As the Senate this week casts its first round of votes on immigration reform , a divided Republican conference on the other side of the Capitol may be a roadblock to any immigration measure passing Congress this year . And that internal split will soon pose a critical test for House Speaker John Boehner . One side of the divide was clear during a closed meeting last week among House and Senate conservatives -- the first time they 've sat down to talk about a comprehensive immigration reform plan that includes a path to citizenship for undocumented workers . Immigration reform clears key Senate hurdle Two of the Senate 's GOP "  Gang of Eight " members -- Marco Rubio of Florida and Jeff Flake of Arizona , who are pushing the Senate 's bipartisan plan -- faced off with well over 100 Republican members of the conservative Republican Study Committee  RSC  . Rubio is considered key to bringing conservatives on board , and Flake used to be a member of the RSC . Navarrette : Rubio 's wild immigration ride The meeting only seemed to harden conservative opposition . Rubio distances self from immigration plan he helped draft Alabama GOP Rep. Mo Brooks summed up the reaction of many House GOP members who attended the session , telling CNN those senators explaining the merits of that plan "  were doing their best to put lipstick on a pig . " Georgia Rep. Tom Price , a leading conservative , told reporters it was "  highly unlikely " the majority of House Republicans would vote for a bill similar to the Senate deal that permits citizenship after a series of conditions are met because he and GOP colleagues do n't trust the Obama administration to enforce the laws currently on the books . Ayotte backs Gang of Eight immigration plan Bipartisan House plan on the rocks While many House conservatives agree immigration reform is a critical priority for Congress , they part with President Barack Obama , Senate Democrats , and some in their own party who believe allowing eventual citizenship to those in the country illegally is part of the solution . They vow that they wo n't support any bill that adds to the deficit and they want to see a tougher approach to border security . 5 things you should know about immigration reform But there is a bloc of House GOP members -- including 2012 vice presidential candidate Rep Paul Ryan of Wisconsin -- that is pushing for a similar bipartisan approach that the Senate is taking up this week , which includes a path to citizenship . The group represents a minority within the House GOP conference . That bipartisan effort suffered a significant setback last week . A working group , similar to the Senate 's "  Gang of Eight , " has been on the verge of unveiling legislation for months , according to multiple sources . But Rep. Raul Labrador , one of the four GOP members in the group , abruptly dropped out . Like Rubio , who is needed to attract Republican votes in the Senate , reform backers hoped Labrador would play the same role in the House . Labrador was frustrated he could n't get support for his detailed proposal laying out how undocumented workers in the U.S. would be barred from any taxpayer-funded health care benefits . Labrador leaves House bipartisan immigration group Labrador told CNN his decision to leave the group and Rubio 's call to add tougher border security measures to the Senate bill "  means maybe what we 'll get is real immigration reform with conservative ideals that most Americans want . " Bipartisan House immigration talks foundering Florida Rep Mario Diaz-Balart , who is still part of the group and has been involved in immigration negotiations for more four years , tried to downplay Labrador 's exit , praising him and saying "  this has always been a very difficult issue , " and said he remained committed to pushing ahead . Boehner repeatedly stresses that he supports the work of the House bipartisan group , but he wo n't weigh in on any policy details . He has vowed any legislation would follow "  regular order , " meaning any bill will go through committees . ' A special path to citizenship is very problematic ' After backlash from many of his rank and file members for cutting "  backroom deals " on the debt ceiling and other issues , the Speaker wants time to educate his members on immigration reform and gain some buy-in for any bill or set of bills . That approach means House Judiciary Committee Chairman Bob Goodlatte of Virginia will wield significant power in the coming weeks . Goodlatte disagrees with the Senate Democrats ' strategy to move one comprehensive bill , saying he prefers to move a series of discrete immigration measures through his committee . Goodlatte has focused his attention on the border security and employer verification aspects of reform and told reporters he has major concerns with moving legislation that sets up a process eventually allowing those already in the U.S. illegally to become citizens . "  A special path to citizenship is very problematic " Goodlatte said . Obama : No one will get everything in immigration reform Given the internal divisions Boehner has been careful not to signal whether he will move immigration in one package or allow votes on separate bills . But the Speaker appears to be prodding his members to get moving . He told reporters at his weekly news conference last week he expected the Judiciary panel to have "  some vehicles " to move by the end of the month . Reform advocates worry that if the House breaks up any comprehensive bill and moves it in pieces it could kill momentum for immigration this year , but the process is important so that Boehner can say the House has input and Democrats are open to different options . When immigration efforts shift to the House it 's notable that the political dynamic is much different that it is in the Senate . After Latinos went overwhelmingly for Obama in the 2012 election , many Republicans conceded the party needed to soften its stance and back legalization for undocumented workers this year to attract more Latino support . Many Senate Republicans feel pressure in states with high Hispanic populations to reverse their previous opposition to comprehensive immigration reform , or else suffer major losses among minority voters . But House districts have become more solidly red and blue after redistricting so there is less concern among most House Republicans that opposing immigration reform would hurt their chances at re-election . If the Senate passes legislation with a significant bipartisan vote there will be intense pressure on Boehner to act . He and other top House GOP leaders recognize passing major immigration legislation helps their party 's long-term electoral prospects and could be a major issue in recapturing the White House in 2016 . But the Speaker risks antagonizing many of his members by proceeding with a bill that would ultimately need a majority of Democratic votes to pass . How Boehner decides to proceed with immigration in the House could affect his political fortunes . Brooks gave a warning to Boehner as he considers the next step , telling CNN , "  If the Speaker allows a vote on any immigration bill that results in the passage despite a majority of the Republican conference voting against it , then it will be interesting to see if he can muster the votes to get re-elected after the next election . "	Conservatives oppose any plan with path to citizenship for undocumented immigrants Boehner could be straddling divide if Senate passes bipartisan immigration bill House Conservatives see no pressure to pass bill because of they represent solidly red districts Boehner 's future threatened if he allows vote on bill that conservatives will reject
LONGBOAT KEY , Florida  CNN  -- Like any sun-drenched beach paradise , Longboat Key offers water sports , biking and tennis , but the best way to enjoy the island may be by doing nothing at all . Low season on Longboat Key , Florida , generally starts in May and runs until late fall . This thin sliver of land off Sarasota on Florida 's west coast is home to 8,000 people year-round , but come winter , the population swells dramatically . Thousands of visitors from colder climates flock to LBK -- its shorthand moniker -- from January to April to enjoy its balmy temperatures and the sparkling turquoise waters of the Gulf of Mexico . Off season , however , the only crowds are the sea gulls grooming their feathers on the warm white sand , and Longboat Key feels like the closest thing to having a private beach . On a recent late-September visit , the temperatures hovered in the mid-80s , palm trees swayed gently in the wind , hibiscus flowers bloomed and the sun 's rays were on par with their intensity in July . The only signs of fall were the pumpkins on display at the local grocery store , along with regular fare , like mango Key lime pie . See photos of Longboat Key 's beaches , birds and sunsets " Tell people you are heading to Longboat Key , and many will think it 's part of the Florida Keys off the southern tip of the state , but LBK is about 200 miles to the north-northwest of -- and in some ways worlds away from -- Key West and its neighbors . Nightlife on the island is likely to mean a moonlit walk on the beach rather than a drink at the bar , and the odds are good the locals will sport gray hair . Elegant setting Buffered by Sarasota Bay on one side and facing the Gulf of Mexico on the other , the Key is sheltered from the tourist hustle and bustle of mainland Florida . At less than 11 miles in length and no more than a mile across in its widest places , LBK also feels like a secluded community with an elegant flavor of its own . The surroundings are lush , upscale and serene . A trip down Gulf of Mexico Drive , the island 's main artery , reveals golf courses , condominiums and homes ranging from newly constructed mansions to older , one-story houses . The traffic is light , life moves at a slower pace and the mood is relaxed . "  You wo n't find mini-malls , towering billboards , or glaring neon signs , " the local Chamber of Commerce promises . Nonhuman island visitors also contribute to the mellow atmosphere . Dolphins regularly swim just offshore . Great egrets and great blue herons fish along the beach , while pelicans dive into the water in search of a meal . Birds of all sizes regularly patrol the palm-lined parking lot of the local supermarket looking for scraps of food from the lunch crowd . Wingless creatures also pop up in unexpected places . Visitors walking into one establishment are greeted by a stern voice exclaiming , "  Bear , no ! " Bear , it turns out , is a curious 5-month old Chesapeake Bay retriever who insists on checking out all the customers entering the store despite his owner 's orders to stay put . Lodging and shopping There are few hotels on Longboat Key , but rental homes and condos abound , so it 's best to make lodging arrangements in advance , especially for visitors who plan to stay a while . Low season generally starts in May and runs until November . Tourists yearning to make the island a permanent home should bring along a big wallet . The average sale price for a condominium was more than $ 1 million last year , and it topped $ 1.5 million for a single-family home , according to the local Chamber of Commerce . Spenders on a smaller scale can get their fix in neighboring St. Armands Key and its unique shopping circle lined with boutiques and restaurants .  The official motto urges visitors to "  get out of the box , get into the circle . " Shoppers can find anything from jewelry to knock-out shoes to sea shells of all shapes and sizes . Depending on your budget and appetite , a lunch break can range from a latte to a smoked salmon and brie grilled cheese . St. Armands Circle is a great place to people watch , but it 's good to know the tranquil beach back on Longboat Key is just a short drive away . Shopping can be exhausting when sunny , lazy days in a blissful place are filled with doing nothing at all .	Thousands of visitors from colder climates flock to Longboat Key in winter Off season , the island feels like the closest thing to having a private beach Longboat Key is less than 11 miles in length and no more than a mile wide Neighboring St. Armands Key offers a shopping circle of boutiques and restaurants
CNN  -- Indianapolis Colts owner Jim Irsay was charged with operating a vehicle while intoxicated and possession of a controlled substance on Friday , just over two months after his arrest , a prosecutor said . The misdemeanor charges filed Friday are pending in Hamilton County , Indiana , Superior Court , Prosecuting Attorney D. Lee Buckingham 's office said in a press release . The drug was identified in a court filing as oxycodone and/or hydrocordone . Irsay 's initial hearing on both counts is scheduled for June 19 . The Colts owner and CEO 's legal team , in a statement after the charges were announced , thanked the Hamilton County prosecutor 's office "  for its professionalism in its investigation . " The statement pointed out that authorities determined that "  the facts in this matter did not warrant the filing of felony charges relative to Mr. Irsay 's prescription medications . "  Mr. Irsay will deal with the remaining misdemeanor charges through the judicial process , " the statement added . Police in Carmel had earlier said that Irsay was stopped at 11:41 p.m. on March 16 for driving slowly , stopping in a roadway and failing to use his turn signal . The probable cause affidavit indicates that the Colts owner 's speech was "  slow and slurred , " his eyes were "  red and glassy " and his balance was "  very unsteady . " He failed a number of field sobriety tests , had trouble reciting the alphabet and told an officer "  that he was having a hard time finding his house . " In addition , a search of his vehicle found prescription drugs in bottles , police said in a press release . The drugs were not associated with any prescription bottles in the vehicle , according to police . The next day , Irsay "  voluntary checked into a highly respected health care facility , " according to the Colts . "  He  is committed committed to undergoing the treatment and care necessary to help him meet his challenges head-on , " added the team . Irsay is the first National Football League owner to face criminal charges since Eddie DeBartolo of the San Francisco 49ers was indicted on federal racketeering charges in 1997 . In that time , the league -- including its current commissioner , Roger Goodell -- have frequently punished players for off-the-field indiscretions that landed them in court . It remains to be seen what will happen , then , to the 54-year-old Irsay , who has largely stayed out of the public spotlight -- except for regular tweets -- since his arrest . In a brief statement Friday , the league said , "  The NFL 's Personal Conduct Policy applies to all league personnel and holds all of us accountable . We are reviewing the matter and will take appropriate action in accordance with the policy . The Colts owner -- whose father , Robert Irsay , owned the team before him -- has spoken publicly about his struggles with substance abuse as well as his efforts to stay sober . In a tweet last December , Jim Irsay said that he did n't drink : "  S  orry to ruin your theories ... but I do n't drink ... at all , " he posted on his official account . Report : Irsay 's behavior was alarming Twitter reacts	NEW : NFL says its policies apply "  to all league personnel , " vows it 'll take "  appropriate action " Jim Irsay is charged with driving while intoxicated , possession of a controlled substance The Colts owner checked into a treatment facility a day after the March 16 incident His legal team credits the prosecutor 's office for not pressing felony charges
WIRED  -- It seems impossible for Apple to put a decent camera into anything but the iPhone , and despite many hopes , both cameras in the iPad 2 are about as rudimentary as you could get without having to load a roll of film in there . In fact , the iPad 2 's camera has more in common with the low-res camera in the iPod Touch than it does to the rather excellent one in the iPhone 4 . WIRED : iPhone 3GS camera does n't suck The specs for the iPad 's rear-facing camera only lists one number : 720p . That should mean 1280 x 720 pixels , which gives a megapixel figure of 0.92 , clearly useless for stills . However , flip over to the iPod Touch camera specs and we see the following : "  HD  720p  up to 30 frames per second with audio ; still photos  960 x 720  with back camera . " Yes , the Touch shoots stills at an even lower resolution than video , most likely because the wide-screen movie format is squared-off to shoot stills . The stills it produces are just shy of 0.7 megapixels , or about the same resolution as an early 1990s-era digital camera . WIRED : Hands-on with Apple 's skinnier , faster iPad 2 It 's extremely likely that the iPad 2 and the iPod Touch share the exact same camera  although we wo n't know for sure until iFixit tears one open to see  . It seems that it will be fine for movies , and bad for photos . Then again , with the camera connection kit you can always just import images from a real camera . And for taking notes , snapping menus or grabbing pictures before grunging them up and sending them off to Instagram , it 'll do the trick . WIRED : Why the iPhone 4 camera is so promising Still , for a device that costs a minimum of $ 500 , it would be nice to have a better image sensor , rather than these bottom-of-the-barrel ones Apple insists on using . Will we ever get one ? It 's starting to look rather doubtful Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	iPad 2 's camera has more in common with the low-res camera in the iPod Touch It has 1280 x 720 pixels , which gives a megapixel figure of 0.92 , clearly useless for stills It seems that it will be fine for movies , and bad for photos
CNN  -- Mohamed Bouazizi 's self-immolation one year ago was an act which symbolized the frustration and desperation of millions in the Arab world , setting into motion a series of revolutions across the Middle East and North Africa . His was a cry for dignity , justice , and opportunity , which continues to be heard around a region undergoing tumultuous change . In today 's Middle East , people matter . Many are now engaged in what could be a life-long struggle to fight long-standing grievances and take greater control of their lives . This process must involve the creation of new democratic political systems , which ensure greater accountability of leaders , and level the playing field of opportunity for all , not just a select few . It has been a remarkable year . Three dictators have been toppled and one has transferred power to a deputy . Nonetheless , analysts and policy-makers continue to speak about the slow pace of change in the region and warn of the onset of an "  Arab Winter . " Such distinctions -- spring and winter -- are misleading . Many seasons will come and go in the transformative years that lie ahead for the Arab world . Revolutions take time to settle . The transformation of societies takes even longer . The colored revolutions of Eastern Europe , two decades on , are still developing . It took centuries for democratic systems to be refined in Europe . We can not expect democracy in the Middle East to be solidified in only one year . Still , across the region , there is cause for concern . Egypt 's transition to civilian rule carries major worries , even as Egyptians continue to go to the polls . The concern remains that the ruling military council will relinquish power only under heavy pressure ; and Egypt 's economy and confidence are in nosedive as the populace awaits civil rule . Syrians meanwhile face a regime intent on killing and torturing its citizens to end their uprising . All this as a largely impotent international community argues over how to stop the increasing violence . In Yemen , many are not convinced by a regionally brokered transition deal , which allows Saleh and his family immunity from prosecution as well as continued political influence . Bahrain continues to reel from the absence of a genuine national dialogue between its rulers and the underrepresented and relatively impoverished majority Shia community . Libya 's revolutionaries now face the immediate challenge of building a state from scratch , based on the rule of law and democratic principles . To do so , they are learning , they will first have to put down their guns . Link : Tunisia swears in new president While events elsewhere in the region have been less dramatic , the desire for change is still palpable . Under popular pressure , Morocco now has an elected prime minister under a revised constitution ; Jordan 's king has been forced to change the government twice this year ; Oman 's Sultan has devolved some powers to his consultative council . Only time will tell if people accept these changes as going far enough to meet their rising expectations . As the respected Arab commentator Rami Khouri somewhat prophetically predicted last year , we are witnessing the "  birth of Arab politics . " For the first time , people have a voice and the opportunity to launch new parties and institutions , independent of the autocratic rulers and external interference that long stifled political development . Civil society organizations , the "  software " of any democratic system , have mushroomed in transitional states such as Egypt and Tunisia . A truly democratic and accountable political culture is finally developing in the region . Undoubtedly , the biggest political winners over the past year have been Islamist parties , particularly the Muslim Brotherhood movement . As real Arab politics emerges , this is not surprising . One should accept that today , the center of gravity of the region 's societies ' is religiously pious , socially conservative , and economically liberal . The rise of the Brotherhood and the more fundamentalist Salafi parties is a natural legacy of years of political exclusion , and economic corruption and stagnation . As the West looks on , it should be remembered that a faith-inspired vision led to the establishment of the American state itself . The challenge for the Brotherhood will be to maintain their popularity and their discipline while meeting the demands of not just their supporters but of an entire nation . The wiser leaders among them may be realizing that winning at the ballot box , even exercising majority rule , does not entitle them to ignore their responsibilities to the minorities that may fear them . Mohammad Bouzazi 's cry for the rights and responsibilities of all citizens provides a lesson that these new political actors and leaders would do well to heed . In this changed environment , international actors need to tread wisely . As regional and international participants in a recent Brookings seminar in Doha concluded , Western governments must embrace a wholesale reassessment of their foreign policies towards the region . This reassessment should reflect a "  paradigm shift " towards genuinely inclusive and equal partnerships with the Middle East that do not seek to dictate democratic outcomes . Above all , people speaking for the first time must not be met with deaf ears . Western countries ' engagement with newly emerging Islamist actors , then , should be based on the principles of mutual respect and establishing two-way communication . Link : Many similarities in Arab Spring , European chaos Such a dialogue should also acknowledge the sorry legacy of past regimes that were considered key allies . Under the reign of such rulers , there was a mass campaign of victimization , torture , and marginalization against liberals and Islamists alike who posed a threat . While affected societies have established their own judicial processes to take their former leaders to task , it is also time for Western countries to acknowledge the pain and dislocation of those who suffered at the hands of these regimes . As certain dictators in the region continue to hound their people , the international community must not make the same mistakes again . When acts of brutality -- tantamount even to crimes against humanity -- are being perpetrated , as in Syria , the international community must act based on its responsibility to protect innocent civilians , and face down this evil . Ultimately , the region needs to find its own state-builders and create new states that reflect the will of their people . What has become clear over the past year is that the people of the Middle East and North Africa are in no mood to give up their search for justice and dignity . It is fitting that one-year after Bouzaizi 's desperate act , Tunisia will see the election and appointment of a president and prime minister -- one liberal , the other Islamist - both human rights activists imprisoned by the previous regime . Mohammed Bouazizi 's true legacy may be the birth of a new democratic Tunisia where a wholly unique model of governance is emerging -- one in which Islamists and secularists govern and where political activists who have been imprisoned for their views now sit in government . The new Tunisia , not Turkey , Eastern Europe , or even Indonesia , will be the real model for the newly emerging Arab world . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Salman Shaikh .	Tunisian Mohamed Bouazizi self-immolated catalyzing a series of revolutions across Middle East and North Africa Middle East expert : Bouzizi 's legacy may be birth of new democratic Tunisia Salman Shaikh : The unique form of governance emerging in Tunisia could be a model for whole region
Washington  CNN  -- Just days after suggesting lawmakers might not debate U.S. military involvement in Syria until next year , House Speaker John Boehner said he 'd agree to call Congress back into session to vote if President Barack Obama sends up a resolution asking for the authority . Boehner told ABC 's George Stephanopoulos that if the President wanted a vote , "  I 'd bring the Congress back " -- never mind that the U.S. has already begun airstrikes inside Syria as part of a coalition . Boehner hopes the President requests and sends up an authorization for use of military force as soon as possible , " his spokesman , Michael Steel , told CNN Monday . Boehner left a much different impression in an interview published Thursday in The New York Times . He told the Times he does n't believe it was appropriate for the so-called "  lame duck " Congress to vote on military action since so many members would be leaving and those just elected would n't be eligible to vote until January . "  I would suggest to you that early next year , assuming that we continue in this effort , there may be that discussion and there may be that request from the President , " Boehner told the Times . Leaders from both parties have come under criticism for leaving town without debating action in Syria . "  It 's an act of cowardice on the part of Congress , " Sen. John McCain told CNN 's "  New Day " on Monday . "  They did n't want to vote before the election . " McCain : Watching ISIS rise is like ` watching a train wreck ' Steel denied that the speaker was sending mixed messages . He noted that even though the Boehner continues to oppose taking up major policy issues during lame-duck sessions , he would schedule a war debate if the Obama administration decided it needed congressional approval of the military campaign against ISIS . Pressure on congressional leaders to vote on authorizing the war has been growing . Lawmakers left town earlier this month to campaign for the midterms . Since then , airstrikes in Iraq and Syria have intensified and many members are becoming increasingly vocal about the need for Congress to vote . It 's unlikely the President would press for a vote before the midterms because many Democrats are reluctant to take a controversial vote ahead of the elections . Obama admits ISIS threat was misjudged as U.S. splits emerge On Monday , House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi told Bloomberg News that Boehner should n't wait for the President to initiate a debate on Capitol Hill about ISIS . "  Since when do we sit around waiting , using the excuse he did n't ask ? " Pelosi said at a meeting with Bloomberg reporters , and added , "  No , if you want to have an authorization that has any constraints on the President , you do n't wait for him to write it . " The speaker 's office also held out the possibility that it would move on its own legislation . A day with John Boehner Saying "  there 's only one commander in chief at a time , and it is traditionally his responsibility " to propose a new authorization , Steel told CNN "  the speaker has n't ruled out independent congressional action if the president does n't request " an authorization for use of military force . Boehner criticized the President for repeatedly insisting no U.S. combat troops would be deployed to battle ISIS and indicated he could support sending U.S. combat troops into Syria at some point . "  We have no choice . These are barbarians . They intend to kill us . And if we do n't destroy them first , we 're going to pay the price , " Boehner told ABC .	Lawmakers have left town until after the November elections House Speaker John Boehner had suggested they might not debate Syria until next year In a new interview , he says he would call lawmakers back if the President asked him American forces have already started bombing targets inside Syria
Oberlin , Ohio   -- A day after students at Oberlin College put down their books to focus on how to respond to a spate of hate messages targeting blacks , Jews and gays on campus , classes resumed Tuesday amid tension . The messages included graffiti with swastikas , posters containing racial slurs and other derogatory statements targeting various student communities and fliers bearing racist , anti-Semitic and homophobic language . A student 's report on Monday that she had seen someone on campus dressed like a member of the Ku Klux Klan led the school to suspend classes for the day . "  I saw someone in what seemed to be KKK paraphernalia walking on a pathway , like , a pathway that leads to South Campus , " the student , Sunceray Tavler , told CNN affiliate WJW . "  Just seeing that and having that sink in , this is something that 's real , that actually happens . " Police said they received a report of a student wearing a blanket on his or her shoulders but could not say whether the incidents were related . Two students have been identified as being involved in the postings from February and will be subject to college disciplinary procedures , Oberlin police said . Oberlin President Marvin Krislov said he was not able to discuss the details of the ongoing investigation . "  It is a law enforcement matter , " he told CNN . He praised Monday 's campuswide focus on the matter , calling it "  an educational moment . " The students "  feel inspired because this institution has the courage to talk about these issues and to confront concerns and that that is part of our educational mission , " he said . As he spoke , a group of students behind him chanted , "  No bull **** ! " Appearing rattled , Krislov ended the interview abruptly . The events have left some students on edge . "  I was pretty horrified to hear that somebody was dressing as a member of the KKK , because that 's something I 've only seen before in the movies , on TV , " said student Yangran Chang . "  It 's really unsettling . " "  I did n't so much feel threatened for myself , but I felt threatened for the community that I live in , " said Joshua Blue , a freshman . "  Because Oberlin has such a reputation for being a very open and accepting place where people of any walk of life can come and live , that someone was threatening that way of life was kind of scary . " The report led to Monday 's one-day suspension of classes . "  All of the students came together to rally against these things , " Blue said . "  It was n't so much of a rally of trying to lash out at the people that committed these acts , but almost a rally to come together and show our support for each other . " Meredith Gadsby , associate professor and chairwoman of the Africana Studies Department , said she had seen "  isolated events " during her 13 years at the school , "  but I 've never seen the concentration of bias incidents that I 've seen over the last four weeks . " She said she felt anger but did not feel threatened , "  in some ways because I 'm a grownup and have experiences beyond Oberlin . " But students may have handled the incidents differently . "  They have had their faith shattered a little bit because they expected to come here and escape some of these larger issues . I 'm not quite so idealistic . I do not feel unsafe , but I understand why they do . " The incidents have resulted in more than a teachable moment . On Wednesday , the school is offering a workshop for faculty to support their efforts to address the issues in the classroom . "  Students are coming to class with an eagerness and also a desire to make connections between the events going on in their lives and what they are studying in their history or literature classes or other places on campus , " said Dean of Arts and Sciences Sean Decatur . The school prides itself on being progressive and inclusive . This college of 2,900 students was a center for abolitionists and a stop on the Underground Railroad . CNN 's Mary Snow and Dugald McConnell in Oberlin and Tom Watkins in Atlanta contributed to this report .	The messages included swastikas and posters with racial slurs Classes were canceled after a report of someone outfitted in KKK regalia Two students have been identified as being involved in the postings President Krislov refuses comment , saying "  It is a law enforcement matter "
Istanbul  CNN  A woman carried out a suicide bombing at a police station in Istanbul 's historic Sultanahmet district Tuesday evening , killing one police officer and injuring another , officials said . The attack happened in the section of Turkey 's largest city that is home to landmarks such as the Hagia Sophia and the Blue Mosque , and is heavily trafficked by tourists . The bomber , speaking English , entered the police station saying she lost her wallet , and the explosion happened at about 5:20 p.m. , Istanbul Gov. Vasip Sahin told reporters . Sahin did not mention a motive for the attack . Sahin initially said that the blast , besides killing the bomber , critically injured one police officer and slightly wounded another . Later Tuesday , Turkey 's semi-official Anadolu news agency reported that one of the officers died of his wounds at a hospital . Police cordoned off the area . The attacker 's identity is unknown and the incident is being investigated , the governor told reporters . CNN 's Gul Tuysuz reported and wrote from Istanbul , and CNN 's Jason Hanna wrote in Atlanta . CNN 's Hande Atay contributed to this report .	Woman detonates bomb after saying she 'd lost her wallet , Istanbul governor says Attacker 's identity , motive not immediately known , governor says Attack happened at police station in popular tourism district
CNN  -- Second seed Kim Clijsters suffered her earliest French Open exit in 11 years as she crashed out in the second round on Thursday . The Belgian , seeking to win the clay-court grand slam event for the first time , failed to capitalize on two match-points as she was eliminated by unheralded Dutchwoman Arantxa Rus . Former world No. 1 Clijsters was 5-2 ahead in the second set , but her 20-year-old opponent fought back to win 3-6 7-5 6-1 on center court . The 114th-ranked Rus , whose only previous match against a top-10 player was a three-set defeat by Maria Sharapova in Madrid this year , earned a clash with Russian 25th seed Maria Kirilenko . Rafael Nadal : Anatomy of a champion The result means that Caroline Wozniacki will retain the No. 1 ranking , no matter her performance in Paris . The 20-year-old Dane moved into the third round with a nervous 6-3 7-6  8-6  win over Canada 's Aleksandra Wozniak on Wednesday and next faces 28th seed Daniela Hantuchova . Clijsters returned to Roland Garros for the first time since losing in the 2006 semifinals , with her preparations hampered by a two-month injury layoff . She comfortably won her opening match against Anastasia Yakimova of Belarus , but the 27-year-old failed to finish off a player who had never before got past the second round of a grand slam tournament . "  I 'm still trying to figure it out , " Clijsters , who lost in the first round of her French Open debut in 2000 , told the WTA Tour website . "  I started doubting a little bit . That 's definitely the wrong attitude to have , especially for me on clay . "  She obviously started building up more confidence , playing a lot better and putting me on my back foot all the time . I could n't really play my aggressive tennis anymore in that third set . " Clijsters insisted that she had recovered from the shoulder , wrist and ankle injuries that had sidelined her since March . "  My ankle feels fine , that had absolutely nothing to do with it . If I felt like I was n't as ready as I would have liked to be , I would n't have come here , " the four-time grand slam winner said . "  Physically everything was fine . If I was n't feeling I was able to play tough matches , I would n't have made the decision to come to Roland Garros . I 'm not going to sit here and say maybe I should n't have come here . That 's the attitude of a real loser , I think . I gave it the best I had with the abilities I had . " With the Williams sisters ruled out by long-term injuries , and four-time Paris champion Justin Henin retired for a second time , Clijsters was one of the favorites to take the title . Her exit is a boost to the chances of former No. 1 Sharapova , who survived a scare against 17-year-old world number 188 Caroline Garcia , who was playing in only her second tour level event . The seventh-seeded Russian was a set and 4-1 down but recovered to triumph 3-6 6-4 6-0 . Afterwards she told reporters : "  She played unbelievable and the conditions were really tough . " Fourth seed Victoria Azarenka , from Belarus , took just 57 minutes to beat Pauline Parmentier 6-0 6-1 . Chinese sixth seed Li Na moved into the third round with a 6-4 7-5 win over Spanish qualifier Silvia Soler-Espinosa . The Australian Open runner-up will next take on Romania 's Sorana Cirstea , who knocked out 27th-seeded compatriot Alexandra Dulgheru 6-2 7-5 . Czech ninth seed Petra Kvitova eased to a 6-4 6-1 win over China 's Zheng Jie to set up a clash with American Vania King . Polish 12th seed Agnieszka Radwanska beat India 's Sania Mirza 6-2 6-4 , and could face Sharapova in the last 16 if she gets past Belgian No. 21 Yanina Wickmayer .	World No. 2 Kim Clijsters beaten by 114th-ranked Dutchwoman Arantxa Rus The 20-year-old saves two match-points to earn third-round clash with Maria Kirilenko Maria Sharapova survives a scare against 17-year-old Caroline Garcia Australian Open runner-up Li Na reaches third round along with Petra Kvitova
Durban , South Africa  CNN  -- For centuries , the massive sand dunes overlooking the warm waters off the South African east coast have created a majestic scenery , acting as a natural wall between the sea and the land environment . Lashed by strong winds , the imposing dunes tower above the acacia-dotted landscape , supporting a vibrant ecosystem that thrives along the scenic coastline near the city of Durban . In recent years , mining companies have been eager to dig inside these dunes to extract the valuable minerals they contain . At the same time , environmentalists have been campaigning against mining , fighting to keep the dunes pristine and preserve the region 's splendid natural habitat . Watch : Investing in Africa 's mining sector One mining company operating in the area is Richards Bay Minerals  RBM  . The firm has been extracting minerals from the region 's coastal sand dunes for more than three decades , having set up a massive operation along the shore . "  These sands are mineralized , " says Andrew Denton , general manager of mining at RBM . "  They 've got a total heavy mineral content in them , which is ilmenite , rutile , zircon , " he explains . While carrying its mining operations , the company says it is committed to achieving a high standard of environmental care . It has put in place a rehabilitation program that aims to reshape the dunes and bring the forest to its pre-mining state by putting the indigenous plants back into the ground after the extraction process . "  Clearly , this -LSB- mining -RSB- is a large scale operation that 's got significant impact , " says Denton . "  What 's important to us is that we can rehabilitate the ground , restore the indigenous forest after we mined it and that the communities around us and the society which we operate receive benefits from being in proximity to this mining area . That 's key to our operation . " According to RBM , the minerals removed from the sand through mining comprise about 5 % of the dunes ' total volume . The company stockpiles the topsoil which contains the nutrients , organic debris and plant seeds that are stripped away during mining . After the dunes are reshaped , the topsoil is spread over the bare sand in a thin layer , triggering the natural processes that facilitate the recovery of the dunes . Windbreaks are erected to protect the emerging seedlings from damage and to help in the stabilization of the dune . Read more : Romancing the dune in Namibia Michelle Boshoff , the company 's environmental manager , describes the procedure as a natural restoration process that takes decades to be finalized . She says the program is being followed by a number of stakeholders , including the University of Pretoria which conducts studies in the area . "  There 's a way to lessen the impact and do mining and development side by side , " she says . "  We can prove it -LSB- natural restoration -RSB- is viable . It 's a good option . " Yet , dune mining is being staunchly opposed by many environmentalists who say that the process is damaging the region 's ecosystem . Environmental lawyer Jeremy Ridl is part of a group of eco-activists who successfully blocked dune mining in the area of St. Lucia -- north of where RBM is currently working -- in the 1990s . That area is now a world heritage site . Ridl describes mining operations in the region as "  completely destructive . " "  It 's a major change to the landscape , " he says . "  The vegetation gets cleared . Then anything up to 80 meters of dune gets completely mangled up and rehashed . They put humpty dumpty back together again and you have this sort of consolation that the shape will be the same . " Yet , even critics such as Ridl acknowledge that there are benefits stemming from the post-mining efforts to rehabilitate the ecosystem . Watch : Growing cost of mining gold in Africa "  I 've got no complaints about that , " he says . "  Not only are they trying very hard , they are producing excellent results , but in my mind it 's too early to proclaim this as a rehabilitation of the dunes back to its natural state . " Some voices argue that eco-tourism could provide a small but possible alternative to mining , helping local communities generate income and also preserve the ecosystem . Ridl says that eco-tourism has the potential to benefit the area but warns that its development should take into consideration the sensitivity of the local environment . "  We need to think ahead -- if we 're promoting eco-tourism as an opportunity and form of development , then we 've got to apply all the same controls and look at it critically , like the mining operation , " he says . "  Eco-tourism does have the advantage provided its beneficiaries are local . Now I 'm talking about everybody -- owners of resorts , people employed , skills development is very important because these tourism ventures are located in areas where people lack capacity and skills . "  So unless you link tourism in other community-based initiatives and end up having these ventures and all the benefits living in community , eco-tourism has potential to be just as bad as we perceive mining to be . "	South Africa 's sand dunes have been supporting a thriving ecosystem for centuries Mining companies are eager to dig inside them for the minerals they contain Environmentalists are campaigning for the protection of the massive dunes Some argue that eco-tourism can be a valuable alternative to mining
CNN  -- Mali state television announced late Friday that the leader of Mali 's coup , Captain Amadou Sanogo , and the Economic Community of West African States have agreed to a plan under which the coup leaders will hand over power to the civilian government in exchange for the end of trade and diplomatic sanctions . The statement was read in French over ORTM , the state TV network . The parties agreed to set up a transition process leading to a presidential election , Sanogo said . A transitional prime minister will lead the transition "  to manage the crisis in the north of Mali and to organize free , transparent and democratic elections in accordance with a road map , " he said . The international community -- including West African states , the African Union and the United States -- had called for the immediate restoration of constitutional rule . The African Union and ECOWAS had also slapped the military junta with travel and economic restrictions , and had frozen its assets . Sanctions targeted the supporters and relatives of the military junta and all those involved in contributing to the "  destabilization " of Mali , the African Union said . Under the sanctions , five neighboring nations were to close their borders to landlocked Mali except for humanitarian purposes and deny the nation access to their ports , freeze its accounts in regional banks , and suspend its participation in cultural and sporting events . The announcement of a promised return to civilian rule came shortly after separatist rebels , who had captured large areas of Mali 's vast Sahara region in the north of the country , declared independence for a region they call Azawad . The declaration was made in a statement posted online by the secretary general of the Azawad National Liberation Movement  MNLA  . The claim of independence followed "  more than 50 years of corruption and poor governance with the complicity of the army and the politicians , putting people 's lives at risk in Azawad , " the MNLA said . In a statement , the African Union expressed its "  total rejection " of the rebels ' independence claim . The African Union will do all it can to restore the authority of the government of Mali to its entire territory and "  bring to an end the attacks being carried out by armed and terrorist groups in the northern part of the country , " it said . French Defense Minister Gerard Longuet said the declaration of independence in northern Mali was meaningless if it was not recognized by African states . France is the former colonial power in Mali . The Tuareg rebels ' seizure of northern Mali followed a military coup last month that toppled the government and threw the country into turmoil . The rebels had called a cease-fire Thursday , saying they had captured key territory in the Sahara region and achieved their military mission . The Tuaregs , who consider Azawad to be the cradle of their nomadic civilization , launched an insurgency in January to achieve a separate homeland . The conflict has uprooted more than 200,000 people from their homes . Buoyed by the chaos after last month 's coup , the rebels swept through the north and wrested control of several strategic cities , including Kidal , Gao and Timbuktu . The rebels effectively split the West African nation in two , and northern areas remained volatile and tense , preventing aid agencies from accessing displaced people , the United Nations refugee agency said Thursday . ECOWAS representatives met Thursday in the Ivorian capital , Abidjan , to discuss possible military intervention in Mali to restore democratically elected Amadou Toumani Toure to the presidency . After the March 22 coup , Mali , long a shining example of democracy and stability in Africa , was plunged into crisis . Kidal , Gao and Timbuktu experienced days of looting , abductions and chaos after they were occupied by armed groups late last week . In the capital , Bamako , the military leaders who had overthrown the president because of his alleged inability to handle the Tuareg rebellion postponed plans Thursday for a national convention aimed at addressing political woes . CNN 's Kamal Ghattas contributed to this report .	Coup leaders to hand power back to civilian government The parties agreed to set up a transition process leading to a presidential election The announcement comes after rebels declare independence for territory in northern Mali The international community had imposed restrictions on Mali amid turmoil
CNN  -- When Dr. Danielle Ofri first read the headlines , she was horrified : Doctors were prescribing placebos to their patients instead of real medicine . How awful , she thought . How deceptive . Study : Doctors are prescribing placebos , such as vitamins , antibiotics , pain-killers and sedatives to patients But then , as Ofri read on , she thought , "  Wait a second . By the definitions of this study , I 've prescribed placebos . " Ofri , an assistant professor of medicine at New York University Medical School , says when patients complain about being tired , for example , she 'll sometimes suggest they take a multivitamin , even though there 's no proof they work against fatigue . "  First , I 'll do the million-dollar workup on the patient , " Ofri says . "  I check them out for anemia , diabetes , cancer , asthma , depression , and other sorts of other things . When I ca n't find anything wrong , I 'll explain vitamins have worked for some of my patients , and there 's no downside . I do n't think that 's being deceptive . " Last week 's study on placebos published in the British Medical Journal has sparked debate : What precisely is a placebo , and might you , the patient , actually in some cases benefit from one ? Watch more about doctors prescribing placebos " Placebos , it turns out , are in the eye of the beholder . Dr. Ezekiel Emmanuel , one of the study authors and director of the department of bioethics at the National Institutes of Health , says it 's unethical for a doctor to suggest a medication that has n't been proven to work . Other doctors say it 's OK -- and sometimes beneficial -- to prescribe something that has n't been shown to work in studies , as long as it 's not harmful . Perhaps , they reason , the treatment -- say a vitamin , or an aspirin -- could have a physiological effect not yet found in studies . Or maybe a treatment will have "  a placebo effect , " meaning it will make you feel better just because you have confidence it will make you feel better . So how would you even know if your doctor 's prescribing you a placebo ? And should you take it ? "  Not all placebos are created equal , " says Dr. Christiane Northrup . Below are four placebos that the NIH study found are commonly prescribed , with advice on questions to ask about each of them . Vitamins Vitamins have several proven purposes . "  If you 're a young woman about to become pregnant , it 's important you take folate . And Vitamin B12 is necessary to prevent certain medical conditions like anemia , " Emanuel says . Beyond a few solid examples like these , some doctors think vitamins might help for certain conditions , such as fatigue , while others think they do n't . The solution : Ask your doctor if the vitamin has been proven to help your problem . If it has n't , ask her if she has any reason to think it will work  perhaps , as with Ofri , she 's had anecdotal success among her patients  . Finally , ask if there 's any downside to taking the vitamin , then make your decision . Over-the-counter painkillers You 've heard of the saying "  take two aspirin and call me in the morning " ? The most commonly prescribed placebo in Emanuel 's study was over-the-counter analgesics , such as aspirin . In Emanuel 's view , these doctors were prescribing aspirin without any reason other than that that it might elicit the "  placebo effect . " But Northrup disagrees . "  Why would an over-the-counter analgesic be a placebo ? Aspirin 's a powerful anti-inflammatory , and inflammation is an important part of many diseases . " The advice here is similar to the advice with vitamins . If your doctor suggests you take aspirin for what ails you , ask if there 's any proof the aspirin will work . Even if there is proof , ask if the pain reliever could harm you in any way . Antibiotics Everyone agrees there are cases where doctors prescribe antibiotics when they should n't , often because the patient insists on them . In the NIH study , 13 percent of doctors reported using antibiotics as placebos . "  Antibiotics for a viral illness may be dangerous , and it 's not a good idea , " Emanuel says . "  If your doctor prescribes an antibiotic , ask if you actually have a bacterial infection . " Ofri adds there 's not always a clear answer to that question . "  If I had a patient who 's had bronchitis for two weeks , it 's probably because of a virus . But it 's not out of the realm of reasonableness that it could be bacterial , " She says it can tough to detect bacterial infections when someone has bronchitis , so sometimes she 'll prescribe an antibiotic . Sedatives In the study , 13 percent of doctors also said they 'd prescribed a sedative as a placebo . This is the only "  placebo " our doctors agreed on : Sedatives can be addictive , and you want to take them only if you have a condition , such as an anxiety disorder , where they 're clearly indicated . "  If your doctor prescribes you a sedative , ask them why , and ask if there 's some other treatment , something that 's not addictive , that you could do instead , " Northrup says .	Study in British Medical Journal sparks debate about placebos Author says it 's unethical for doctors to suggest medication not proven to work Doctors often prescribe vitamins , antibiotics , aspirin or sedatives
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- America 's top commander in Afghanistan warns that more troops are needed there within the next year or the nearly 8-year-old war "  will likely result in failure , " according to a copy of a 66-page document obtained by The Washington Post . Gen. Stanley McChrystal , right , arrives at a U.S. base in Logar Province , Afghanistan , last month . "  Failure to gain the initiative and reverse insurgent momentum in the near-term  next 12 months  -- while Afghan security capacity matures -- risks an outcome where defeating the insurgency is no longer possible , " U.S. and NATO commander Gen. Stanley McChrystal said in the document , according to the Post . Bob Woodward of the Post -- who wrote the article -- called it "  a striking thing for a general to say to the secretary of defense and the commander-in-chief . " McChrystal "  really takes his finger and puts it in their eye , ` Deliver or this wo n't work , ' " Woodward told CNN 's "  American Morning " on Monday . "  He says if they do n't endorse this full counterinsurgency strategy , do n't even give me the troops because it wo n't work . " The document was "  leaked " to the newspaper , but parts were omitted after consultations between the newspaper and the Department of Defense , Pentagon spokesman Geoff Morrell said . "  While we would have much preferred none of this be made public at this time , we appreciate the paper 's willingness to edit out those passages , which would likely have endangered personnel and operations in Afghanistan , " Morrell said in a statement . President Obama is considering the assessment of troop levels completed by McChrystal over the summer , however , a review of U.S. strategy in Afghanistan wo n't be driven "  by the politics of the moment , " Obama said on Sunday . "  Every time I sign an order , you know , I 'm answerable to the parents of those young men and women who I 'm sending over there , and I want to make sure that it 's for the right reason , " Obama told CNN 's "  State of the Union . " The president put off questions about whether additional troops would be needed , saying , "  I do n't want to put the resource question before the strategy question . " But he said Afghans need to show that they are "  willing to make the commitment to build their capacity to secure their own country . " The United States now has about 62,000 U.S. troops in Afghanistan , with NATO and other allies contributing about 35,000 more . The Pentagon is planning to add 6,000 troops by year 's end , and some members of Congress say McChrystal soon will call for thousands more . The fighting has ramped up sharply in the past year as U.S. troops and a NATO-dominated coalition battle a resurgence of the Taliban , the al Qaeda-allied Islamic militia that ruled most of Afghanistan before the attacks . Washington poured an additional 21,000 troops into Afghanistan to provide security for its recent presidential election , which has been marred by allegations of fraud . In August , 48 U.S. troops were killed in the fighting , surpassing the previous high of 45 in July . And the war has spread into Pakistan , where Taliban fighters are now battling government troops in that nuclear-armed country . Obama said he has ordered "  a soup-to-nuts re-evaluation " of the U.S. strategy , refocusing "  on what our original goal was , which was to get al Qaeda , the people who killed 3,000 Americans " in the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks . Watch Obama 's views on the Afghan war " "  To the extent that our strategy in Afghanistan is serving that goal , then we 're on the right track , " he said . "  If it starts drifting away from that goal , then we may have a problem . " But support for the Afghan war hit an all-time low in a CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll released last week . That survey found 39 percent still favor the war , compared with 58 percent who oppose it -- making it almost as unpopular as the Iraq war has become in recent years . And calls for more troops could be a tough sell in Congress . Sen. Carl Levin , the Democratic chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee , has argued that the allies should bolster Afghan forces before sending in more troops of their own . Watch what Levin has to say about Afghanistan " "  If we can get the Afghan army much larger , much better equipped , and if we can also get a plan , finally , for co-opting or reintegrating those lower-level Taliban people the way we did in Iraq -- if we can get that in motion -- that hopefully will have an effect on how many additional troops we need to go to Afghanistan , " Levin told CNN on Sunday . Leading Republicans have called for McChrystal and Gen. David Petraeus , the U.S. commander in the Middle East and Central Asia , to testify publicly about their recommendations . Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky , told CNN that it was time for lawmakers to hear what McChrystal has to say . "  We would like to see Gen. McChrystal and Gen. Petraeus come up to Congress , like they did during the Iraq surge and give us the information about what they 're recommending , " McConnell said . "  We think the time for decision is now . " But he added that if more troops were needed , "  I think the president will enjoy a lot of support among Senate Republicans . " Sen. Lindsey Graham , another Republican on the Armed Services Committee , said a decision on additional troops needs to be made soon . "  I 've been told Gen. McChrystal 's ready to hit the send button in terms of how many more troops he needs , and the longer we wait the harder it is , " said Graham , of South Carolina . Levin said hearings would be held "  when we have a recommendation that is made to the president , and when the president makes his decision . "	NEW : General puts heat on president , secretary of defense U.S. commander in Afghanistan says more troops needed or war could be lost U.S. has 62,000 U.S. troops in Afghanistan ; other allies contribute 35,000 more Support for Afghan war hit all-time low in opinion poll released last week
CNN  -- The man in the picture has his back to the camera . He 's desperately clawing at a subway platform , looking right at the train that 's bearing down on him as he stands on the tracks . It 's a terrifying , heart-wrenching image , and it 's generating a lot of criticism for the newspaper that used it on its front page -- the salty , sensational New York Post . Why did n't the photographer help ? Why did the newspaper publish the photo ? "  NY Post should be ashamed of its misuse of humanity for its cover photo of a man about to be killed by a subway train , " one person wrote on Twitter . "  When does cruelty end . " "  Snuff porn , " another user labeled it . Opinion : Why the outrage over subway death photo A freelance photographer captured the image Monday after someone shoved the man , 58-year-old Ki-Suck Han , from a subway platform near Times Square . Seconds after photographer R. Umar Abbasi captured the images , the train fatally struck Ki . He died at a New York Hospital , leaving behind a wife and daughter . A man officers were questioning "  implicated himself " in the incident , police said Tuesday night . Police gave no other information on the suspect and this news may do nothing to quell the ongoing debate about the controversial photo . "  Doomed , " the headline read . "  Pushed on the subway track , this man is about to die . " In its story on the incident Tuesday , the Post reported Abbasi was waiting on the platform when he saw the man fall onto the tracks . He said he ran towards the oncoming train , firing his camera 's flash to warn the driver . "  I just started running , running , hoping that the driver could see my flash , " the newspaper quoted him as saying . "  In that moment , I just wanted to warn the train -- to try and save a life , " the Post quoted him as saying . Some critics , however , questioned Abbasi 's motives . One Twitter user questioned why someones first instinct would be not to help the man , but instead to "  snap a photo of him about to die and sell it to the NY Post . " Reached by CNN , Abbasi was adamant that he would talk to the network only for pay . The Post declined to comment . Media observers wondered Tuesday if the newspaper had gone too far this time . "  Even if you accept that that photographer and other bystanders did everything they could to try to save the man , it 's a separate question of what the Post should have done with that photo , " Jeff Sonderman , a fellow at journalism think tank the Poynter Institute , wrote on the organization 's website . "  All journalists we 've seen talking about it online concluded the Post was wrong to use the photo , especially on its front page . " Kenny Irby , Poynter 's senior faculty member for visual journalism and diversity programs , said what the paper did was n't necessarily wrong . "  It was not illegal or unethical given that ethical guidelines and recommendations are not absolute , " he said in an e-mail . But he also thought the Post could have used another photo because this one crossed the line of dignity . "  This moment was such for me -- it was too private in my view , " he wrote . "  I am all for maximizing truth telling , while minimizing harm , which can be done by fully vetting the alternatives available and publishing with a sense of compassion and respect . " The Post is no stranger to walking up to the lines of journalistic ethics , and sometimes crossing them , with its pithy , often lurid , coverage of crime and other news in the Big Apple . "  HEADLESS BODY IN TOPLESS BAR , " the newspaper once famously shouted from its cover . The Post shot is hardly the first news photo to generate ethics concerns . An Agence France-Presse photo that won the 2012 Pulitzer Prize generated controversy for its depiction of a girl in Afghanistan crying amid a number of bloody bodies . Also this year , the New York Times published a graphic image showing blood streaming from the body of a victim following a fatal August shooting at the Empire State Building . At the time , Poynter quoted a Times spokeswoman as saying the image was "  a newsworthy photograph that shows the result and impact of a public act of violence . " CNN 's Pauline Kim , Yon Pomrenze and Mary Snow contributed to this report .	NEW : Police say man "  implicated himself " in the incident New York Post declines to comment on photo controversy Post draws criticism for photo of subway victim The man depicted in the haunting image was run down by a train
CNN  -- Some silver screen couples were just meant to end up together : Bogey and Bacall , Harry and Sally , Saturday matinees and ... a cup of low-fat yogurt ? If Sony executives get their way , U.S. moviegoers will have the option of healthier snacks with their flicks -- and they wo n't even have to smuggle them in . In a recent speech at ShoWest -- the country 's largest tradeshow for the movie theater industry -- Sony Pictures Entertainment Chief Executive Michael Lynton called upon concessionaires to supplement classic , high-calorie soda , candy and popcorn options with more healthy fare like fruit , granola , yogurt and vegetables with dip . It 's "  the right thing to do for our industry , for audiences and for our country , " said Lynton Lynton 's colleague , Sony 's Executive Vice President for Global Communications Jim Kennedy , attempted to combat the causes of child obesity in his previous post with the Clinton Foundation . With this new intiative , he revisits that effort , telling CNN that Sony is asking theaters to accommodate the 60 percent of parents who feel that their overall moviegoing experience would be improved if there were healthier options available at the concession stand . The poll , conducted by Nielsen , also revealed that two-thirds of all moviegoers and three-quarters of parents would be more likely to buy sensible snacks from concession stands  Kennedy says that savvy moviegoers are already sneaking in raisins and granola bars  if they were available for purchase . So what does this means for lovers of king-sized Sno-Caps  400 calories and 11 grams of saturated fat in a 3.1-ounce bag  and fishbowl-sized sodas  400 calories and 26 teaspoons of sugar in a 44-ounce medium iced soda at Regal , or a large at AMC or Cinemark theaters  -- as well as the theaters thatsell popcorn for a 900 percent markup ? Kennedy , himself a fan of a popcorn and M&M s combo  "  I go back and forth between the sweet and the salt -- though I wish the M&M s came in smaller bags . "  says neither set will suffer . "  We 're not asking theaters to stop selling sodas , and we know most moviegoers are unlikely to change their habits . It just makes sense to offer more choices . " "  It 's a new source of income for theaters . They 've already innovated by adding digital technology and more comfortable seats . This is consistent with that level of innovation , " he said . Representatives for The National Association of Theatre Owners and several major chains were unavailable for comment , but according to a SmartMoney.com interview with Warren Miller , senior equity analyst for stock tracking service Morningstar , of every dollar spent at the concession stand , 85 cents is profit . A CNN Money feature from earlier this year finds that a medium bag of popcorn at most chains costs 60 cents , but retails for $ 6 . Theater owners may be slow to invest in fare with a flatter return rate . And just how unhealthy is that much demonized "  buttery " popcorn topping ? According to a December 2009 dispatch from the Center for Science in the Public Interest , one tablespoon of the non-hydrogenated soybean oil used by many chains adds an extra 130 calories , while the same amount of real butter topping pours on 9 grams of saturated fat -- or half a day 's limit . The corn itself packs a serious caloric pop . According to that same study , a medium  20 cup  bucket at a Regal theater weighs in at 1,200 calories , with 60 grams of saturated fat and 980 milligrams of sodium , and Cinemark 's medium size  a mere 14 cups  serves up 760 calories , 3 grams of saturated fat and 1,240 milligrams of sodium . To put that in perspective , recommended daily intake for an average adult is 2000 calories , 20 grams of saturated fat and 1,500 milligrams of sodium . While , according to Jim Kennedy , the average American visits their local theater four times a year and this might not make a major nutritional dent , many families with children attend nearly once a week . But why are modern day moviegoers in the habit of sitting back and massively snacking in the dark , anyhow ? Kennedy says it would probably take a sociologist to figure that out .	Sony movie execs want theater concessionaires to offer fruit , granola , yogurt Poll : Two-thirds of all moviegoers more likely to buy sensible snacks Expert : Of every dollar spent at the concession stand , 85 cents is profit
CNN  -- Oklahoma City Thunder guard DeAndre Liggins was in jail early Sunday morning on charges of domestic abuse . Liggins , 25 , was booked into the Oklahoma County jail Saturday night where he 's being held on an $ 8,000 bond . According to jail records , authorities charged Liggins with domestic abuse in the presence of a minor child -- a felony . No additional details were immediately available . But police told CNN affiliate KOCO , that the victim is believed to be Liggins ' girlfriend . In a statement to NewsOK.com , the team said it was aware of the arrest . "  We are aware of the situation and take this matter seriously , " the statement read . "  We are in the process of gathering more information and have no further comment at this time . " Liggins was signed by the Thunder last year after playing his rookie season with the Orlando Magic . He has averaged 1.6 points and 7.2 minutes a game for his career , and has been used almost exclusively as a substitute .	He is charged with domestic abuse in the presence of a minor child He was signed by the Thunder last year
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- The Thai police are seeking more suspects in connection with the series of bombs that went off in Bangkok last week as they try to piece together the facts in a murky affair that has fueled accusations between Israel and Iran . A court on Monday issued an arrest warrant for Norouzi Shayan Ali Akbar , a 57-year-old Iranian man , on charges of possession and assembly of explosive devices . It is the fifth court warrant in the investigation so far . The police plan to request another warrant for an unidentified sixth suspect but do not have enough evidence at the moment , said Gen. Pansiri Prapawat , the deputy national police chief who is heading the investigation into the bombings . Police officials are no longer talking about Nikkhahfard Javad , a man they said last week they were going to seek an arrest warrant for . The Bangkok blasts went off a day after a device attached to an Israeli Embassy van in New Delhi exploded , wounding several people . Another device , found on an embassy car in Tbilisi , Georgia 's capital , was safety detonated . The Thai National Security Council has drawn a tentative link between the bombs in Bangkok and those in India and Georgia , saying the materials used in the explosive devices were similar . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has blamed Tehran for the attacks . But Iran has denied the accusation , saying that "  Israeli agents are often the perpetrators of such terrorist acts . " The Indian police remained tight lipped about their investigations into the New Delhi explosion . "  I am sorry that can not be discussed , " P.N. Aggarwal , the chief of the police unit looking into the attack , said when asked about any possible leads in the case . Indian officers have not so far named Iranians as possible suspects . Thai authorities have said that three Iranian suspects have been detained : Saeid Moradi , 28 , whose legs were blown off by his own bomb ; and Mohammad Khazaei , 42 , who was taken into custody Tuesday at Bangkok 's Suvarnabhumi Airport as he tried to board a plane to Malaysia . Masoud Sedaghatzadeh , 31 , was arrested Wednesday by Malaysian authorities in Kuala Lumpur . Thailand is seeking to have him extradited . All three face charges that include joint assembling of explosive devices , joint possession of explosive devices without permits and causing an explosion injuring other persons . Moradi also faces charges of attempted killing of state officials on duty and the intentional attempted killing of other persons . A fourth Iranian , a woman identified as Rohani Leila , remains at large . She is suspected of renting the house where the first device exploded . The police on Monday took Khazaei , wearing handcuffs and a bullet proof vest , to a number of different places in Bangkok , including where the bombs went off , as part of their investigation . Dressed in shorts and sandals , Khazaei was then escorted to a busy train station where he was seen pointing out different areas to detectives for at least 20 minutes . CNN 's Harmeet Singh and Anna Coren contributed to this report .	A Thai court issues a fifth arrest warrant in relation to bombings in Bangkok last week The police say they also plan to seek a sixth court warrant The Bangkok blasts came after bombs targeted Israelis in India and Georgia Israel and Iran have traded accusations over who is to blame for the bombings
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Brittany Murphy 's mother attacked the "  Clueless " actress ' father for suggesting their daughter died from poisoning . The controversy began last week with a lab report suggesting that the presence of 10 heavy metals in a strand of her hair was evidence of a poisoning death four years ago . A forensic pathologist told CNN last week that the poisoning conclusion was "  ridiculous " and "  baseless . " It 's erupted into a public name-calling battle this week between Murphy 's father , who sent the hair strand to a private lab for testing , and her mother , who wrote a scathing response published Monday in The Hollywood Reporter . "  I have no choice now but to come forward in the face of inexcusable efforts to smear my daughter 's memory by a man who may be her biological father but was never a real father to her in her lifetime , " Sharon Murphy wrote . She said Angelo Bertolotti 's claims "  are based on the most flimsy of evidence and are more of an insult than an insight into what really happened . " Murphy accused Bertolotti of trying to profit off his daughter 's death with the publicity surrounding the poisoning reports even though he had n't seen her in the last three years of her life . "  They want to do a documentary and write a book , and this whole stunt is merely publicity to fuel their aspirations , " she said , referring to Bertolotti and a partner . Her father was not part of her life past her first year , she said . "  He certainly was n't around during the 12 years he spent in prison on three criminal felony convictions . Throughout her childhood , I was Brittany 's only parent and sole support . " Murphy 's father , in a response to CNN , said the mother 's "  ghostwritten piece is riddled with mistakes . " "  I am at the very end of my life , " he told CNN Monday . "  Money means absolutely nothing to me . " It 's Sharon Murphy , not him , who has used the death to make money by starting a foundation and announcing a book , Bertolotti said . "  I have nothing to gain here , while Sharon has lived a life of luxury . Before Brittany supported  still does  her mother , I was supporting Sharon . " He disputed Sharon Murphy 's claim that their daughter chose not to have contact with him when she was a child and later as an adult . Sharon Murphy and Bertolotti divorced three decades ago . "  How is it that I am pictured with my daughter in her childhood and adulthood , if she supposedly cut me off in childhood ? " Bertolotti said . "  I have a normal and close relationship with all of my children and they are open about that . There has never been a 12 year gap in the photos of Brittany and myself . I have quite a few of them online . " The Los Angeles County coroner ruled pneumonia killed Murphy , 32 , in December 2009 , and that her husband , Simon Monjack , 39 , died from the same illness five months later . The similarities between their deaths -- in the same bedroom of their Hollywood Hills home -- prompted a search for answers beyond natural illness . "  It 's very suspicious , " Bertolotti told HLN last Tuesday . "  I feel she was poisoned and there 's no question about that . She was murdered . " He said he had a murder suspect in mind , but declined to elaborate . "  I do , but I 'd rather not speak about that . " CNN obtained the report by forensic toxicologist Ernest Lykissa , who concluded that the hair from the back of Murphy 's head had higher than recommended levels of 10 heavy metals . "  If we were to eliminate the possibility of a simultaneous accidental heavy metals exposure to the sample donor then the only logical explanation would be an exposure to these metals  toxins  administered by a third party perpetrator with likely criminal intent . " Lykissa , who operates a toxicology testing lab in Deer Park , Texas , did not respond to several calls from CNN to discuss his findings . The director of forensic medicine at the University of Florida , who is also the president of the American Board of Forensic Toxicology , reviewed the lab report for CNN and was very critical . "  It 's ridiculous , " Dr. Bruce Goldberger said . A conclusion of poisoning is an "  inflammatory statement " that "  is a baseless allegation and outrageous statement to make based on a single hair test . " Murphy 's autopsy revealed no physical signs of poisoning , he said . "  A hair test alone , without any clinical signs or symptoms , can not be used to establish poisoning . " The private report also showed a normal level of arsenic , which would have been elevated if rat poisoning was involved , he said . "  She was a beautiful woman and likely had numerous hair treatments , " Goldberger said . "  Chemicals in the hair treatment would alter the chemistry of her hair sample . " Sharon Murphy said she also consulted with forensic experts who discredited the lab results . "  This report conveniently ignores what any good scientist will tell you : A hair sample can be affected by many outside factors , including hair dye , hair spray , prescription medications , foods , smoking the occasional cigarette and environmental factors , " she wrote . The Los Angeles coroner "  has no plans to reopen the inquiries into the deaths of Miss Murphy or Mr. Monjack , " Craig Harvey , the chief of operations for the coroner , said last week . "  We stand by by our conclusions and opinion . " Murphy 's mother said she suspects a toxic mold found in the house may have killed her daughter and son-in-law . "  There were no indicators that it was from mold , " Los Angeles County Assistant Chief Coroner Ed Winter told CNN in July 2010 . "  We will never know for sure , " Sharon Murphy wrote in Monday 's story . "  However , we do know the Los Angeles County Coroner did extensive tests and found that she died of natural causes . " Monjack 's autopsy concluded that his May 23 , 2010 , death was caused by acute pneumonia and severe anemia , "  just like Brittany , " Winter said . Murphy died December 20 , 2009 , from a combination of pneumonia , an iron deficiency and multiple drug intoxication , a coroner said . The drugs involved were legal and are used to treat respiratory infections , according to an autopsy . Monjack , a British screenwriter , married Murphy in 2007 . She was an often bubbly , free-spirited actress who appeared in films such as "  Clueless , " "  8 Mile , " "  Do n't Say a Word " and "  Girl , Interrupted . " She also lent her voice to animated works , including the movie "  Happy Feet " -- in which she also sang -- and a regular role on the animated TV series "  King of the Hill . "	Mother calls claim Brittany Murphy was poisoned a publicity stunt by her father Sharon Murphy accuses daughter 's father of trying to profit from actress 's 2009 death "  I am at the very end of my life . Money means absolutely nothing to me , " father tells CNN Lab analyst says strand of hair indicates Murphy died from poisoning
CNN  -- It started as a hefty severance bonus for lawmakers -- quietly tucked into a Kenyan finance bill passed last week . A few days later , angry demonstrators gathered outside parliament offices in the capital of Nairobi . They carried placards reading "  greedy hyenas " and hollered "  thieves " as members of parliament dashed into their offices . Kenyan parliament members , among the highest paid in the continent , voted for a send-off bonus of about $ 120,000 each for when they leave office . Read more : Lavish and sleek : Kenya 's prime property market boom They already make about $ 10,000 in salary and tax-free allowances per month . An average Kenyan makes about $ 1,800 annually , and would have to work for 67 years to earn the bonus amount . The proposal prompted calls for protests on social media as Kenyans implored the president to veto the bill , which passed days after doctors ' strikes for higher wages . "  Our parliament members are pigs , " said John Kamau , 32 . "  Our doctors and teachers were on strike for weeks . The government said there were no funds to meet all their demands . And yet they have funds to award themselves these packages ? " It was unclear how the proposed bonuses would be funded , but lawmakers called for a 10 % increase in taxes in the same parliament session . Hours after protesters took to the streets , President Mwai Kibaki vetoed the proposal Tuesday night . "  The president objected to the amendment on the grounds that it was first unconstitutional and that in the prevailing economic circumstances in the country , it is unaffordable , " the president 's office said in a statement . "  Coming shortly after the increment of salaries for teachers and doctors , the severance pay for parliamentarians would lead to an unsustainable wage bill at a time when the country requires massive resources to ... meet other competing demands . " Prime Minister Raila Odinga , who is a presidential contender in next year 's election , said he is against the bonus . The Kenyan National Assembly comprises 224 seats , but not all legislators voted for the bonus on October 4 . Some legislators rejected the proposal and applauded the president 's decision . "  The president 's decline to assent to the finance bill confirms that the citizens ' voice matters , " said Martha Karua , a parliament member and presidential candidate . "  Let 's keep vigilance and together slay impunity . " The proposal violates the constitution , which mandates that parliament should not set its own pay , according to human rights groups . "  It 's very telling that they can hike their bonus at night quietly and teachers had to strike for three weeks , " said Edward Mburu , 38 , who lives in Nairobi . "  You can see we are dealing with selfish people . People are angry ... I hope it translates into conscious voting . " The east African nation is scheduled to hold elections in March . It will be the first general poll since postelection violence left hundreds dead in 2008 after disputed results . CNN 's Lillian Leposo contributed to this report .	Protesters take to the streets ; president vetoes proposal Kenyan parliament members are among the highest paid in the continent An average Kenyan would have to work for 67 years to earn the bonus amount
CNN  -- Costa Cruises introduced seven new safety measures over the weekend during a ceremony celebrating the delivery of the company 's new $ 665 million flagship . A new real-time route monitoring system , electronic tracking of guest safety training and changes that will allow more crew members to issue orders , are among the initiatives being adopted by the company in the wake of the Costa Concordia disaster . Under the new rules , Costa cruise guests will receive emergency training before the ship leaves port and officers in uniform must be present during safety training . "  This ensures the training has proper solemnity and gives guests an opportunity to ask any questions or express concerns they might have directly with an officer , " Costa said in a document outlining the new procedures . At least 30 people were killed when Costa Concordia ran aground on January 13 off the shore of the Italian island of Giglio . Some survivors complained that they had not been instructed in emergency procedures . International regulations require that passengers receive instruction within 24 hours of departure . In February , three cruise industry associations announced new standards exceeding that rule by requiring muster drills before leaving port . Under Costa 's new rules , guests will receive an electronic card to be scanned during safety drills . Guests who miss the initial training will be tracked electronically and invited to attend training the following day . Guests who do not attend either session will receive written safety guidelines . Officers will be more involved in decision making under a new bridge management model . "  According to the new model , the Captain maintains intervention power as required by law , but is no longer the only person who issues orders , " the Costa document said . The Concordia 's captain , Francesco Schettino , remains under house arrest while he is investigated for possible criminal charges . He faces allegations of manslaughter , causing the shipwreck , abandoning ship and failing to report the accident . Costa will also limit access to a ship 's bridge during critical navigation phases , following a standard established by Cruise Lines International Association last month , and a new monitoring system will allow Costa to control the position and course of all of its ships in real time . The cruise line 's new ship , Costa Fascinosa , was delivered in Venice on Saturday , along with sister ship Costa Favolosa . Costa Fascinosa , a $ 665 million ship that can carry up to 3,800 passengers , is the largest Italian-flagged cruise ship afloat . "  The delivery of the Costa Fascinosa is an important stepping stone on our Company 's road to recovery , " Costa CEO Pier Luigi Foschi said .	New Costa safety rules allow crew members to issue orders Guest safety training will be tracked electronically Access to a ship 's bridge will be limited during critical navigation phases
It happened in a flash . A man Saturday approached Bulgarian opposition politician Ahmet Dogan , who was at a lectern giving a speech at a party conference in Sofia , the capital city . Video shows the man pointing a gas pistol at the head of Dogan , who grappled with him , according to Bulgaria State News  BTA  . Dogan , leader of the ethnic Turk Movement for Rights and Freedoms  MRF  , managed to knock the gun away as people rushed the stage and subdued the assailant . The suspect was arrested and identified as Oktay Yenimehmedov , 25 , according to media reports . Dogan , who is leaving his party post after more than 20 years , was unscathed . He did not continue his speech . BTA did not indicate a possible motive . Turkey 's Anadolu News Agency said the majority of MRF 's members are ethnic Turks , who make up nearly 9 % of Bulgaria 's population . The convention elected Lutfi Mestan to succeed Dogan , Anadolu reported .	Opposition party leader Ahmet Dogan was speaking at a meeting in Sofia Video shows a man walking up and pointing a pistol at Dogan 's head A 25-year-old man is arrested ; no motive is known , according to state media
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Reclusive pop icon Michael Jackson will perform 10 concerts in London in July in what he described Thursday as a "  final curtain call . " Michael Jackson announces the London dates at the O2 Arena . The summer shows , Jackson 's first major live performances in 12 years , will take place at the 20,000-capacity O2 Arena from July 8 . Jackson , 50 , appeared in front of fans and media at the venue Thursday to announce the "  This Is It " shows . "  These will be my final shows performing in London . "  This Is It " really means this is it , " said Jackson , wearing a trademark black military-style jacket with sparkling embroidery and black sunglasses . Jackson blew kisses and saluted his fans as they chanted "  Michael ! Michael ! " "  I 'll be performing the songs my fans want to hear . I 'll see you in July and I love you so much . " Watch Michael Jackson 's announcement " Tickets for the shows will cost # 50-75  $ 70-105  and will go on sale on March 13 . Fans can pre-register to purchase tickets at www.MichaelJacksonLive.com . The O2 Arena has acquired a reputation in recent years for staging "  must-see " musical events . In 2007 it hosted Led Zeppelin 's one-off comeback gig as well as a 21-night residency by Prince . Britney Spears , the Pet Shop Boys and Lionel Richie are among performers due to play the venue this year . Event promoter Rob Hallett welcomed Jackson 's return , saying : "  We are delighted to facilitate the return of the king of pop , long may he reign ! When Michael Jackson performs the eyes of the world will be watching . " Jackson 's appearance Thursday was not as slick as some of his signature dance moves . The star was held up in traffic as he traveled from his central London hotel to the venue on a peninsula of the River Thames in southeast London . An exclusive video that was to be shown before his arrival on stage then failed to play on cue . Several hundred Jackson fans had waited up to five hours to show their support for their idol . iReport.com : Show us your Michael Jackson moves "  I 'm quite excited about him coming back , " said Lee Gibson , 36 . "  He 's got great songs despite all his issues . It 's going to be massive . " Owen Griffiths , 29 , said : "  It will be interesting to see what he does . If he puts on a good show like he used to do back in the day it will be a turning point for him just like it was for Prince here . If he 's playing a greatest hits concert I would definitely pay # 50 to see that -- so long as it 's "  Thriller " and "  Off the Wall " only . " Jackson , a child star with the Jackson Five who went on to enjoy stellar solo success with classic albums such as "  Thriller " and "  Bad , " has rarely been seen in public since he was acquitted on child molestation charges in the U.S. in 2005 . Timeline gallery of the highs and lows of Jackson 's life " Rumors of financial difficulties and health problems -- in 2008 he was photographed being pushed in a wheelchair -- have swirled around the famously eccentric star in recent years . Last year he sold his iconic Neverland ranch and he has spent much of his time since his acquittal living in Bahrain . The auction house , Julien 's , is selling Jackson 's Neverland property including the gates , the singer 's famed white-jeweled glove and a stretched Rolls Royce . Watch what Jackson memorabilia is being sold " Jackson has n't recorded a studio album since "  Invincible " -- his 10th solo record -- in 2001 . His last major series of concerts was a world tour to promote the "  HiStory " album in 1996 and 1997 . "  Thriller , " released in 1982 and containing classic Jackson hits such as "  Beat It , " "  Billie Jean " and the title track , is the best-selling album of all time . Jackson is estimated to have sold more than 750 million albums in total .	Michael Jackson announces 10 concerts at London 's O2 Arena Jackson called the performances a "  final curtain call " Reclusive star rarely seen since acquittal on child molestation charges in 2005 Rumors of financial difficulties , health problems have swirled around star
JERUSALEM  CNN  -- Israel 's top general said Monday he did not believe the country 's soldiers "  hurt civilians in cold blood " after newspaper reports quoted soldiers who said the army had treated Gaza as a free-fire zone during its offensive this winter . Israeli soldiers , just back from Gaza , January 17 , 2009 , along the Gaza-Israeli border in Israel . "  I tell you that this is a moral and ideological army , " Lt. Gen. Gabi Ashkenazi , the chief of staff , said in a speech . Israeli soldiers said last week that Palestinian civilians were killed and Palestinian property was intentionally destroyed during Israel 's military campaign in Gaza , according to the newspaper Haaretz . About 1,300 Palestinians died during "  Operation Cast Lead , " which aimed to stop militants from firing rockets into Israel from Gaza . The Israel Defense Forces has said it is investigating the claims . "  I do n't believe that soldiers serving in the IDF hurt civilians in cold blood , but we shall wait for the results of the investigation , " Ashkenazi said . He blamed Hamas , the militant Palestinian group which runs Gaza , for choosing "  to fight in heavily populated areas . " "  It  was  a complex atmosphere that includes civilians , and we took every measure possible to reduce harm of the innocent , " he said , according to an IDF statement . The accounts in Haaretz are from Israeli soldiers who graduated from a pre-military course at an Israeli college . TheIsraeli soldiers complain in the reports that the rules of engagement often defied logic and left the impression with Israeli troops that "  inside Gaza you are allowed to do anything you want . " "  At first the specified action was to go into a house , " one squad leader is quoted as saying . "  We were supposed to go in with an armored personnel carrier called an Achzarit -LSB- which translates to "  Cruel " -RSB- to burst through the lower door , to start shooting inside and then ... "  I call this murder ... in effect , we were supposed to go up floor by floor , and any person we identified we were supposed to shoot . I initially asked myself : ` Where is the logic in this ? ' "  From above they said it was permissible , because anyone who remained in the sector and inside Gaza City was in effect condemned , a terrorist , because they had n't fled . I did n't really understand : On the one hand they do n't really have anywhere to flee to , but on the other hand they 're telling us they had n't fled so it 's their fault ... This also scared me a bit . " The Israeli military 's advocate general ordered an immediate investigation into the soldiers ' accounts , the Israeli military spokesman 's office said Thursday . Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak told Army Radio Thursday that "  Israel has the most moral army in the world " and that the accounts will be checked carefully . But graduates of the Yitzhak Rabin pre-military preparatory program at Oranim Academic College in Kiryat Tivon , the newspaper reported , gave accounts that ran counter to military claims that "  Israeli troops observed a high level of moral behavior during the operation . " The accounts were written down by the head of the college 's pre-military program , Danny Zamir . He told Haaretz that he did not know what the soldiers were going to say and that what they heard "  shocked us . " According to Haaretz , Zamir passed on the soldiers ' comments to Ashkenazi , saying he "  feared a serious moral failure in the IDF . " Contacted by CNN , Zamir said he would not comment to the foreign media on the matter . He told an Israeli television network that "  what was most disturbing in this matter was the perception that they gave in certain units that the normative atmosphere was ` all is permissible ' when you are dealing with Palestinian homes , property , and in the most extreme cases also their lives . " In one account , a squad leader from a brigade serving in Gaza described an incident in which an elderly Palestinian woman was shot and killed at the orders of a company commander . None of the Israeli soldiers quoted in the Haaretz articles admitted to taking part first-hand in the killing of Palestinian civilians , and it is unclear whether all of them witnessed the events they described . "  We take these allegations very seriously ... and if there was wrongdoing there will be consequences , " Israeli government spokesman Mark Regev said . "  But this is second - , third-hand information , hearsay information . We have to get to the bottom , we have to get to the truth . " Separately , a coalition of nine Israeli human rights groups called on Israeli Attorney General Menachem Mazuz to reconsider his refusal to establish an independent investigative body to examine the military 's actions during the Gaza campaign . The groups -- The Association for Civil Rights in Israel , Bimkom , B'tselem , Gisha , Hamoked , The Public Committee Against Torture , Yesh Din , Physicians for Human Rights , Rabbis for Human Rights , Adalah and Itach - Women Lawyers for Social Justice -- said accounts by Palestinians raise the possibility that acts by the military were worse than previously suspected . CNN 's Kevin Flower and Shira Medding contributed to this report .	Report : Israeli soldiers said Palestinian civilians were killed intentionally The accusation pertains to Israel 's attack on Gaza earlier this past winter Israel Defense Forces has said it is investigating the claims
Abidjan , Ivory Coast  CNN  -- Twelve members of former Ivorian president Laurent Gbagbo 's inner circle have been indicted for crimes relating to the post-electoral crisis that left over 3,000 dead . A bloody six month stand-off ensued after Gbagbo refused to step down following a loss at presidential polls in November . So-called "  death squads " targeted those perceived to support his opponent , Alassane Ouattara , who himself was forced to rely on U.N. protection after pro-Gbagbo soldiers surrounded his Abidjan lagoon-side hotel . Among those charged are Gbagbo 's son Michel , former party leader Affi N'Guessan , and former prime minister Gilbert Aké N'Gbo . They had been under house arrest in various locations in the north and centre of the country . Noël Dje , a representative of the Office of the Public Prosecutor , told CNN those indicted remain under arrest . The charges are : breach of national security , conspiring against state authority , insurrection and setting up armed groups , he said . A trial date has n't yet been fixed , Dje added . Gbagbo and his wife Simone -- whom the United Nations says was responsible for organizing the death squads -- have n't yet been charged . Since being pulled out of a bunker beneath the presidential palace on April 11 , both have been under house arrest in the northern staunchly pro-Ouattara towns of Korhogo and Katiola . Ouattara has invited the International Criminal Court to open proceedings against them . A high-ranking official from Gbagbo 's Ivorian Popular Front  FPI  party told CNN the charges come as a "  shock . " "  According to our information , everything happened out of the blue yesterday , with no warning . The various lawyers had no time to co-ordinate . Why was there no pre-trial for such massive crimes ? The whole thing makes a mockery of Ouattara 's claim to extend the olive branch , " the official said . Speaking on condition of anonymity out of fear of reprisal , the official said an emergency party meeting would be convened to discuss what "  further steps to now take . " The members of the inner circle and the Gbagbos are being held under a colonial-era law that allows anyone considered a threat to national security to be kept under house arrest indefinitely . Human-rights groups say both sides committed potential crimes against humanity during the six post-electoral conflict , and have accused Ouattara 's government of implementing a one-sided justice since taking the reins of power . "  Despite frequent promises of impartial justice , the Ouattara government has not charged anyone from the Republican Forces -- the troops that supported him in removing Gbagbo and that are now the country 's military -- for the grave crimes committed during the post-election period , " Human Rights Watch said in a statement on August 5 . Around 70 Gbagbo loyalists have been charged by military or civilian courts , while an international arrest warrant has been issued for Charles Blé Goudé , the leader of the pro-Gbagbo Young Patriots militia . Another international warrant has been issued against Koné Mamadou , a "  prophet " close to the Gbagbos whose partisan "  prophecies " fuelled a frenzy of violence in the last days of the conflict . Ouattara Sunday said he was extending an "  olive branch " to former members of Gbagbo 's party . Many remain in exile in Ghana and other neighboring countries .	NEW : Gbagbo 's party calls the charges a "  shock " Members of Gbagbo 's inner circle now face trial Charges include breach of national security , conspiring against state authority , insurrection and setting up armed groups Human rights groups say both sides committed potential crimes against humanity
